Air NZ confirmed the flight stopped in Christchurch to refuel due to a supply issue in Invercargill.
An Air New Zealand passenger says she was fearful her plane would run out of fuel when passengers were told there was insufficient fuel to reach its destination.
Invercargill resident Anne-Maree Thomas said she was boarding the 10.50am flight from Invercargill to Christchurch on Wednesday when passengers were told the plane would have to stop in Dunedin to refuel.
They were told the plane was not refuelled in Invercargill before take off because of a misunderstanding, she said.
A previous air disaster due to a fuel shortage sprang to Thomas' mind and she feared for her safety.
READ MORE:
* Foveaux Strait tragedy revisited
* Air New Zealand says Southland needs to pump up the volume on tourism
* Southland a compelling choice for Jetstar, but Air NZ won't roll over
However, the plane landed in Dunedin, refuelled and carried on to Christchurch without mishap.
Air New Zealand spokeswoman Janna Wilkinson said the flight from Invercargill to Christchurch stopped briefly in Dunedin to refuel as the supplier on the ground in Invercargill was unable to fuel the aircraft.
Thomas said she asked a flight attendant how low in fuel the plane actually was.
The flight attendant reassured Thomas they would get to their destination safely, but she felt anything but reassured, she said.
Thomas could not help but think about a 1998 Southern Air Cessna flight from Stewart Island that ditched into the icy waters of Foveaux Strait after it ran out of fuel.
"I don't trust anybody, especially with what happened [to the Stewart Island flight] a few years ago," she said.
Thomas was also concerned that the engines were not running when the passengers boarded the plane and she wondered if it would be warm enough to take flight.
The flight, which would normally take about one hour and 15 minutes, took more than two hours to reach its final destination.
Despite the scare, Thomas was not deterred from flying out of Invercargill because there were not a lot of other options, she said.
"Invercargill deserves a better service than that."
Wilkinson, from Air New Zealand, did not immediately respond to further questions, sent after Thomas voiced her concerns to Fairfax.
Comments on this article have now closed
2015 Picks Up Where 2014 Record Heat Left Off
The warmth that led 2014 to become the hottest year on record has continued into 2015, with last month ranking as the second-hottest January on record globally, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced Thursday.
Global ocean temperature data and rankings for 2014.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: NOAA
“I think it is safe to say that the warmth so far in 2015 really is a continuation of the warmth in 2014,” NOAA climatologist Jake Crouch said in an email.
The past month was 1.39°F above the 20th century average of 53.6°F, second only to 2007 in the agency's records, which go back to 1880. The Japan Meteorological Agency had January 2015 tied with both January 2002 and 2007, while NASA data put the month in second, also just behind 2007.
Different agencies handle global temperature data in slightly different ways, leading to small differences in monthly and yearly global temperature rankings.
All three agencies ranked 2014 as the warmest year on record by a slim margin, driven by the accumulation of heat-trapping greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Nine of the 10 hottest years on record have all occurred in the 21st century, with the exception of the blockbuster El Nino year of 1998. There hasn't been a record cold year set since 1911, while during the same period there have been 19 record-warm years, according to a Climate Central analysis.
The 2014 mark was largely driven by considerable heat in the world's oceans, as illustrated in the above graphic of sea surface temperatures released by NOAA. The map shows that parts of the Pacific were the second warmest on record and the Indian Ocean was the third hottest since 1982.
Temperature rankings for the globe for January 2015.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: NOAA
“There's a lot of warmth in the ocean,” NOAA climatologist Michelle L'Heureux said. Considering that the map shows such anomalous heat even compared to the past 30 or so years, when the signature of global warming had already emerged makes those rankings even more remarkable, she said.
The oceans on the whole were the third hottest on record for January 2015, according to NOAA. Record ocean warmth was seen off both coasts of North America; the hot waters off the West Coast has helped reinforce the unseasonably high temperatures and dry conditions in that part of the U.S.
Other ocean areas were much warmer than normal, though there were some cool spots, most notably in the North Atlantic between Greenland and Europe where record-cold sea surface temperatures were recorded.
How global temperatures shape up over the rest of the year remains to be seen, but the ocean tends to hang on to heat for much longer than land areas, which will keep temperatures elevated for awhile. And as carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases continue to be emitted, the dice will be loaded to warmer and warmer years in the future.
Editor's Note: The story has been updated with NASA land and ocean data, which puts January 2015 as the second-warmest. A previous version of this story referenced land-only data.
You May Also Like:
Ocean Acidification, Now Watchable in Real Time
California Water Becomes Scarce and Energy Hungry
Sea Ice Still Declining, Despite Antarctica's Gains
Climate Talks Draw Praise, Herald Hard Slog Ahead
The Federal Communications Commission voted to roll back U.S. laws designed to ensure a free and open internet, a controversial but expected decision that critics say hands control of web traffic to a small number of billion-dollar companies.
The five-member panel voted three votes to two to roll back rules implemented in 2015 under then-president Barack Obama aimed at ensuring internet service providers have to treat all data equally along their networks, a principle known as net neutrality.
Proponents of net neutrality say the rules allow for innovation online by making sure that incumbent powers can't make it hard for upstart new rivals to compete with them online.
'This will have global implications for our democracy,' says the Minister of Innovation. 7:22
Such people fear that without net neutrality, internet providers can throttle data for services such as Netflix, or charge more to access it at full speed, which is a barrier to consumers and a disincentive for companies to innovate with new web-dependent services.
But FCC chair Ajit Pai championed the rollback, arguing that doing away with regulation will lead to lower prices and better choices for consumers.
"We are helping consumers and promoting competition," Pai said in his statement Thursday, after a brief recess when security ordered the room be cleared due to an unnamed security threat. Minutes later, the commission and spectators were allowed to return to the room, and the vote happened once Pai concluded his remarks.
Pai derided critics who have alleged that the new rules will "destroy the internet," as he put it.
Far from the new rules being something revolutionary and dangerous, Pai argued, they actually take regulations back to where they were from the early days of the internet, roughly during the Clinton administration, up until the Obama-era changes in 2015.
"This is the way things were, and this is the way things will be again," he said.
The vote marks a victory for internet service providers like AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc. who had fought against net neutrality rules in the first place. Major technology companies such as Google, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, meanwhile, were against the proposed new rules.
FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, said in a written dissent released on Thursday that the decision grants internet providers "extraordinary new power" from the FCC.
"They have the technical ability and business incentive to discriminate and manipulate your internet traffic. And now this agency gives them the legal green light to go ahead," she said.
Unlike Canada's CRTC, the FCC is a much more highly politicized body, where members vote along party lines and the makeup of the commission tends to change with every new administration. The new administration names the five people who make up the FCC panel, and can nominate up to three of them from their own party.
The three Republicans on the panel — Michael O'Rielly, Brendan Carr and chair Ajit Pai — voted to roll back the rules. Two Democrats — Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel — voted to uphold them.
My remarks yesterday on how consumers & innovation win under the FCC's Internet Freedom proposal.<br><br>Thanks to <a href="https://twitter.com/consumerpal?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@consumerpal</a> & American Consumer Institute for hosting!<br><br> <a href="https://t.co/zBp7QtFFLy">https://t.co/zBp7QtFFLy</a> <a href="https://t.co/957bHDz7aG">pic.twitter.com/957bHDz7aG</a> —@BrendanCarrFCC
In her dissenting comments, Clyburn said once the new rules are implemented, "we will have a Cheshire Cat version of net neutrality … where all that is left is the broadband provider's toothy grin."
In his comments in favour, O'Rielly said he didn't like the previous "heavy handed" rules and was proud to play a hand in changing them.
The FCC vote also includes a clause that bars states from implementing their own rules mandating net neutrality.
While momentous, Thursday's vote is unlikely to be the final word on the matter. Lawmakers can overrule or amend the FCC's decision, and the issue is likely to face numerous lawsuits — not to mention be a major campaign issue in the upcoming Congressional elections in 2018.
Consumers are unlikely to see any immediate changes resulting from the rule change, but smaller startups worry the lack of restrictions could drive up costs in the long run.
SAN FRANCISCO—Two of the world's most powerful tech CEOs—Oracle's Larry Ellison and Google's Larry Page—testified in the same San Francisco courtroom today, presenting very different portraits of Google's behavior while building its Android operating system.
The all-star day of testimony was the second day of trial in Oracle v. Google, a lawsuit about whether Google violated copyright and patent rights that Oracle acquired when it purchased Sun Microsystems in 2009.
Google's opening: "The Java language is free and open"
Oracle's argument is that while Java is an open-source language free to all, using the APIs as Google did requires a license—and the fact that Google doesn't have one puts them on the wrong side of copyright law.
Today Google responded to that argument, as its lead lawyer, Robert Van Nest, gave a one-hour opening statement to the jury this morning. The Java APIs are free for all to use, just like the Java language itself, Van Nest told the jury—and Google built Android on its own, from scratch. When it was finished, Java's creator, Sun Microsystems, wasn't angry. It didn't come demanding royalty payments. In fact, Sun CEO Jonathan Schwartz congratulated Google publicly and welcomed Android.
"The Java language is free and open; it's been in the public domain for years," Van Nest said. "And those APIs you heard about, they are necessary just to use the language. Without the APIs, the language is basically useless."
Building Android took three years and thousands of engineering hours. It was built from the ground up, Van Nest said, not by copying Sun or anyone else. After months of combing through the 15 million lines of source code that make up Android, Oracle lawyers have found exactly nine lines of code that are the same as Sun's code, Van Nest said. And, he promised, the jury will get an explanation about even those nine lines. "They were originally written when [a Google engineer] worked at Sun. He made a mistake, and those nine lines of code shouldn't have been in there."
As for the damning e-mails shown by Oracle's lawyers the day before—the ones where Google execs and engineers talked about their need for a Sun license—those were misleading. They were part of an extended negotiation between Sun and Google that ultimately didn't pan out, Van Nest said. When Google was strategizing about Android, it considered bringing on Sun as a partner but ultimately decided not to. Sun recognized Google's right to build Android using Java on its own. Android "has strapped a set of rockets to the Java community," Sun CEO Schwartz wrote in a congratulatory blog post back in 2007, which was shown to the jury today. "We welcome Android to the Java community."
The real story, Van Nest said, was that Oracle had tried, but failed, to get into the smartphone market itself. Oracle had a secret project called "Java Phone," to build a smartphone OS using Java. It never got past the research stage. It was Google who had succeeded, beyond anyone's expectations. So now? "They [Oracle] want to share in Android's profits, without having done a thing to create that profit," said Van Nest.
Larry Ellison on the stand: "The only company that hasn't taken any license... is Google."
Larry Ellison was called as Oracle's first witness not long after the opening statement. Wearing a gray suit and purplish tie, Ellison walked casually to the witness stand and was sworn in. He was smooth and calm as his lawyer, David Boies, walked him through Oracle's story about the Java acquisition.
Oracle today has more than 100,000 employees, Ellison testified, and spends upwards of $5 billion on research and development. Nearly all of that goes towards creating new software.
"Would it be possible without copyright protection?" asked Boies.
"Well, no," said Ellison. "If people could copy our software—create cheap knockoffs of our products—we wouldn't be able to pay for our engineering."
At times Ellison came off more like a technical witness than a CEO, explaining to the jury how APIs worked or the structure of Java. He emphasized the value of both the design and the content of Oracle's programs. These are key points considering Oracle is making a copyright claim against Android despite the fact it has only a small sliver of copied code to show.
Ellison's testimony stressed that the APIs Oracle wants licensing money for are no small thing. Creating APIs "is arguably one of the most difficult things we do at Oracle," said Ellison. "It's done by our most senior and talented software engineers."
Even though Java code was published openly, every company that used Java APIs needed to take some kind of license for it. (One of the licenses available was the free GNU Public License, although Ellison said that even a company using Java under the GPL would have to run, and pay for, a compatibility test called the TCK.)
“The only company I know that hasn't taken any of these licenses is Google,” said Ellison.
During cross-examination, Van Nest emphasized Oracle's aborted attempt to get into the smartphone business, asking about a confidential plan Oracle code-named "Java Phone." E-mails showed, and Ellison acknowledged, that Oracle was eager to negotiate with Android manufacturers. The company even considered buying both Palm and RIM. (Ellison ultimately decided that Palm's technology wasn't competitive, and RIM was too expensive.)
Ellison downplayed the documents Van Nest displayed to the jury, dismissing them as brainstorming that didn't go anywhere. "I had the idea, we explored the idea--and I decided it would be a bad idea," he said.
Larry Page on the stand: "I don't think we did anything wrong."
After Ellison's testimony, Oracle vice-president Thomas Kunian testified about the company's licensing practices for a bit more than an hour.
With just 20 minutes left before the end of the trial day came at 1:00 pm, Oracle lawyers called Google CEO Larry Page as their next witness. (Judge William Alsup, who has a reputation as a workhorse, is keeping the Oracle-Google dispute to a strict 7:30 am to 1:00 pm schedule each day, hearing his criminal cases in the afternoon.)
Page had been waiting in the hallway outside the courtroom, trailed discreetly by a beefy security guy. He emerged from a meeting room down the hall, and was quickly joined by a coterie of lawyers before the group huddled in an alcove next to the courtroom. The group laughed in hushed tones as Page joked about something. The court security officer indicated it was time to go in, and they did, followed by a few reporters re-entering the court.
In court, Page's demeanor was strange, almost overly focused. Someone had clearly prepped him by telling him to smile, and make eye contact with the jury. He certainly did both. In fact, he never stopped. The constant smiling and staring made him look somewhat maniacal at times. As David Boies grilled him about the creation of Android, Page answered his most of his questions without even glancing in his direction. Boies started off by focusing on the "clean room" approach Google had used in building Android.
"You understand a 'clean room' would be a project that had people in it who did not use, reference, or know, the intellectual property of someone else?" "It's a process used to develop software where you carefully control the information you use to do that," replied Page. "So you understood that you might be able to use something that was publicly available in a clean room," said Boies. "But you could not use somebody else's copyrighted material, and could not use developers who referenced or knew someone else's copyrighted material, right?" "I don't think we did anything wrong," during the process, said Page. He acknowledged he didn't know all the details of the clean room work for Android, and didn't supervise it himself.
Boies kept asking about the 'clean room' until Alsup actually cut off his questioning, telling him he was getting too close to dictating the details of copyright law himself (which is the judge's role). "Be mindful that there are [legal] decisions on reverse engineering and fair use," said Alsup. "You're getting very close to getting into issues of law." Boies thanked the judge but continued with the 'clean room' questions.
"Within the software industry, is there a recognized understanding of what a 'clean room' is?" asked Boies. "Well, yeah," said Page. "And I have no reason to think we did anything that was not in accordance with that." "If you discovered Android had lines of code that were literally copied—would that be a violation of Google's policy?" "That seems like a hypothetical question," said Page. "But in general, yeah, we would take that seriously."
Shortly after that, Alsup cut Boies off. "This is getting argumentative," said Alsup. "It's best to move on to something else. You made your point."
Boies wrapped up the day just a few minutes after that line of questioning was shut down. Page will be back on the witness stand tomorrow morning.
Nobu Adilman, far left.
Nobu Adilman and Mio Adilman are Canadian television personalities and brothers. They were born to entertainment writer Sid Adilman.[1] and Toshiko Adilman, a Japanese translator.[2]
They are of Jewish background on their father's side.[3] Adilmans were writers and were involved in the film industry. Nobu Adilman worked as a writer on the Canadian television series Emily of New Moon and Cold Squad, and acted in the film Parsley Days. Together, the Adilmans also made the short films I Pie: A Love Story and Yoga, Man.[4] In 2002, the Adilmans co-hosted the CBC Television series ZeD and then became co-hosts of the series SmartAsk that same year.[4] Nobu Adilman at first was uncertain about working for SmartAsk, saying "it's not like Canada has a rich history of game shows," but was persuaded when he was told the Adilmans could be themselves on the show.[5]
In 2004, the press noted it when the Adilmans temporarily returned to ZeD to co-host a five-hour special called Zed Uncut, which was shot live. (They were substituting for regular host Sharon Lewis).[6] In 2005, the Adilmans appeared in Trailer Park Boys as the fictional drug dealers Terry and Dennis.[7] By March 2007, Nobu Adilman also hosted the series Food Jammers.[8]
Nobu Adilman is also a founding member of Toronto's Choir! Choir! Choir![9]
A team of animal welfare experts from Wageningen University in the Netherlands suggests animal lovers might want to consider a range of wild species outside the realm of dogs and cats when searching for a domesticated pet.
In an effort to evaluate a number of animals, from domestic to wild, on their suitability as pets, researchers developed a framework and subsequent criteria to rate 90 different species on their biology, needs, danger to humans and well-being when kept in captivity. The framework was curated by outsourcing expert knowledge and information from a number of encyclopedias to identify the short phrases that best describe each animal.
If you're in search of man's best friend among these, the Sika deer is the furry friend you want. Following closely behind are the Agile wallaby, Tammar wallaby, llama and the Asian palm civet.
Bonus points if you're familiar with more than two of these all-star mammals. Ultimately, the researchers are hopeful this newfound framework will be used to better understand the implications of keeping wild animals in captivity. Check out the entire list of top 25 furry best friends below.
Correction 11/1/2017: This story previously suggested household dogs and cats were included in the rankings when they were not part of the study. The post has been updated to reflect this.
VACHEN
The age of the smartwatch begins now. Undoubtedly, the next battleground market for the two giants in the smartphone industry will be wearable smart devices, the epitome of which is the “Smartwatch”.
VACHEN is approaching this new market from a fresh angle. Rather than making a smart device to which clock functions have been added, Vachen has decided to make a watch to which simple and necessary smart features have been added.
VACHEN is first and foremost a watch. But its basic functions as a traditional watch have been upgraded: VACHEN Smart movement is an advanced step beyond quartz movement.
VACHEN's strongest point is speed. We have the ability to launch new models faster than any other company. A new model will be released every 45 days.
VACHEN's vision is a new ecosystem. A new market will open where anyone can design their own fabulous watchface using an authoring tool as well as buy and sell VACHEN Smartwatches. VACHEN Smartwatch will generate a new, independent brand collaboration market that has never existed before.
VACHEN uses Google Android as its heart. Google Android also gave us the gift of openness. Openness with VACHEN Smartwatch also means openness in accessories, watchface designs, cases, bands, brands, apps, platforms, and authoring tools, and the open ecosystem means that a number of people can work together and enjoy the fruits of collaboration.
VACHEN Smart movement, the core of VACHEN Smartwatch, will also be open to everyone. We hope that great watch designers and watch brands will begin to use VACHEN Smart movement for their work.
If it is just smart, not fashionable, leave it behind!
VACHEN Smartwatch
Complete Fashion statement
You wear a watch not only to tell time, but also to make a statement to others. A watch is the finishing touch on fashion. VACHEN Smartwatch makes the perfect fashion statement every time—the variable watchfaces and bands are always in style.
VACHEN Smartwatch - A Real Watch
The elegance and functionality of VACHEN is along the lines of a digital clock on a smartphone, rather than an analog clock. VACHEN places a digital clock in a beautiful watch case and puts it on your wrist. The VACHEN Smartwatch is a real watch you can wear that is as much a piece of jewelry as it is a smart device.
Fashion Item
Match with Casual Wear
Match with Formal Wear
Stylish
With Swarovski Crystals
Watch Backlight in the Dark
Match with Sportswear
Lap Time While Driving
Changing Watchfaces
Changing Straps
Watchfaces
VACHEN Smartwatch will provide more than 100 square and circular watchface designs. You can easily download them from the VACHEN store and add them to your VACHEN Smartwatch.
Downloading 100+ watchfaces
More...
Authoring Tools
We will also provide authoring tools you can use to make your own fun and creative watchface. You can decorate a watchface with your own photos, designs, and favorite people, and always carry them on your wrist. Other people can access a design you've made through the VACHEN store. VACHEN Smartwatch watchfaces can be shared with anyone.
Download watchface design SDK, upload your watchface design.
Brand Collaboration
Any wonderful brand logo can be used as a VACHEN watchface.
VACHEN Development Story
We drew inspiration for our product from Apple's 6th Generation iPod Nano. Even from Apple's perspective, however, the watch function on this device felt unrealized, and like a prototype. To truly be serviceable as a watch -- and a smartwatch at that -- this kind of device had several technological barriers which have yet to be overcome, until now. It needed a more stylish case, communication capability, smarter features, a longer lasting battery, and a more diverse variety of case designs and watchfaces.
So, in 2011 we began developing the VACHEN Smartwatch for use with Android Eclair. However, the phone, music, storage and GPS chip in our early models were scrapped during development. In trying this kind of overloaded commercial smartwatches ourselves, we found that too many functions made performance suffer, offering more novelty than lasting, practical value. At this point, we agreed that using a regular smartphone was a better option than our battery consuming early generation smartwatches.
After debating a range of opinions, we reached an important conclusion: A watch is still a very necessary, very important fashion item. At that point, we shifted our efforts to developing the VACHEN Smartwatch into a fashion item capable of assuming numerous, unique designs. And this led us to Smart Movement, which is the same as the clockwork movement of a regular watch.
In order to develop the Smartwatch into a true fashion item, a number of technological dilemmas had to be solved. To pull off the image of an attractive wristwatch, the Smartwatch had to maintain a sleek frame while offering ample battery life. Exchangeable cases were a must, but this could not interfere with the Smartwatch's capability to communicate. Another concern was heat. We couldn't allow heat emitted from the Smartwatch to bother the wearer's wrist.
First, we had to solve the battery life issue. We designed the first generation Smartwatch to hold a battery with a life of 400mAh, boosted this up to 700mAh during mass production, and consistently reduced its electricity consumption, enabling it to be powered on over two to four days.
Secondly, we succinctly merged the case architecture and antenna technology to allow the Smartwatch to switch seamlessly from one case to another without affecting its communication capability — just one example of our knowledge in smart technology and watch design. Lastly, we centered a stainless steel heat sink panel at the heart of the Smartwatch to cool things down. This heat sink panel runs across the entire width of the Smart movement, and via its conductive casing, allows heat to disperse safely in all directions.
VACHEN Core Team
VACHEN is a startup company composed of people passionate about watches and smart devices. We take care in planning and design in both the United States and Korea, and do our manufacturing in Korea.
Creating a smart device requires lots of know-how — and we have it:
Seockwon Lee, as Team Leader of VACHEN Smartwatch, is in charge of marketing and software planning. He brings with him extensive experience in the fields of software architecture and marketing.
Another of our Technical Leaders is Jung Hoon Kim. He implements his vast knowledge on mobile device manufacturing technology learned at Nokia Korea to coordinate the entirety of the Smartwatch developmental process.
Won Rhee started out as a researcher at Phillips Semiconductor, and assists in product planning, product testing and design.
Chan Seok Park is our engineer with considerably dynamic experience in the field of wireless communication technology. Any company involved in smart technology would be hard pressed to duplicate his accomplishments in the areas of communication and mechanical design. He is the one who applied optimized Wi-Fi technology to the Smartwatch.
Jung Hyun Park gained experience in mobile device design while at Samsung Electronics. He currently runs his own design company and is taking full charge of the development of the Smartwatch case and watchface design.
Smart Device
Android Gingerbread and Wi-Fi
VACHEN Smart Movement has Android Gingerbread, optimized for watch function, as its heart and uses a brain of 1 GHz. By applying low power Bluetooth and optimized Wi-Fi communication technology, it goes beyond the usual limitations of Bluetooth. If you need to communicate between VACHEN Smartwatches via Wi-Fi technology, it can be enabled at any time.
Battery Life
The battery in the VACHEN Smartwatch is equipped with the current maximum capacity and battery optimization technology that allows the VACHEN Smartwatch to maintain sleep mode for 120 hours. As a result of the innovative design, the anti-heat technology prevents heat generated by battery and display from bothering the wearer.
Specification
Android OS Gingerbread
Bluetooth 2.1+ EDR and 4.0 (Low Energy)
Wi-Fi 2.4GHz
1.54', 240
Li-Polymer battery
3-Axis accelerometer with gesture detection
Water resistant
Haptic vibrating motor
Smart Functions
Changing watchfaces
Downloading 100+ watchface designs via VACHEN store
Connecting to smartphone, Android and iPhone
Call, SMS, E-Mail, SMS haptic notification
Stopwatch, Alarm, Timer
Compass, Moon Data, Tide graph
Google calendar alerts
Loss prevention of smartphone
Emergency call
Action control for smart TV and smartphone
Developing Technology
VACHEN Smartwatch's built-in 3-Axis accelerometer combined with Wi-Fi technology will enable motion control which can manipulate a variety of smart devices through motion. An NFC-mounted model will soon be released making payments possible with the swipe of a finger.
Mass Production
Reliable Mass Production System
VACHEN Smartwatch has accomplished mass production while succeeding in maintaining independence over Smart movement technology and case design. Most smart devices have difficulty in mass production because exterior materials and designs cannot fulfill diverse built-in features.
Plans for Mass Production
Up to the present, we have undergone three rounds of pilot product development. The product you see in our main video is the 3rd prototype of our final pilot product. Over these three rounds of pilot product development we have made countless changes to the Smartwatch's overall composition and function. Now, to permit mass production, we have settled on a final product design and completed the fabrication of a mock-up case.
Our main focus now lies on making preparations for procuring parts needed for mass production, on the development of software, apps and platforms, and on watchface design.
We are scheduled to begin preparations for mass production in May. Four molds for the watch case, which entails the longest manufacturing time of any Smartwatch part, are scheduled to be finished by June. Therefore, we are planning to mass produce, test, and distribute our first Smartwatches in July. The Swarovski Crystal woman's Smartwatch requires additional decorative processes, and is scheduled for distribution in August.
Molds for our titanium cases demand extra effort as they are made through a process of powder compression, and occasionally mold shrinkage may occur. Consequentially, it is unavoidable that we will have to make corrections to our molds several times before finding the exact design desired. Accounting for several corrections to our titanium molds, we predict it will be possible to distribute these Smartwatches by mid-September.
We have now decided on a company to mass produce our Smartwatches. It is located in Seoul, Korea.
User Interface
VACHEN Smartwatch is designed to obtain desired results through minimal user interface. You can change and fix watchfaces with simple touch actions.
Intelligent Backlight On
To optimize battery life, VACHEN Smartwatch is not always turned on. The Intelligent Backlight On feature has been adopted to automatically turn on the VACHEN Smartwatch when necessary.
Connect to Your Smartphone
The VACHEN Smartwatch delivers the status of incoming calls, email, and text messages received on a smartphone straight to your wrist through haptic vibration. This feature alone will free you from your smartphone more than you can imagine.
Charge the Battery
The VACHEN Smartwatch comes with a charging cradle. The cradle is charged via micro USB and acts as a comfortable bed for your VACHEN Smartwatch.
Smartwatch Apps
With the VACHEN Smartwatch, you can use Smartwatch-dedicated Android apps. We currently provide several convenient apps, but expect developers to provide many more in the near future.
Technology
VACHEN Smart Movement
VACHEN Smart movement is the integration of VACHEN technology and the core of every Smartwatch. VACHEN Smart movement is a watch movement completely independent of a watch case, and is currently waiting to be chosen by the finest watch designers and manufacturers. A variety of sensors and communication technology can be set to VACHEN Smart movement.
Product Models
Ladies' Metal Case with Swarovski Crystals
Men's Metal Case
Men's Aluminum Case
Men's Circular Watchface Titanium Case
Service
Exchange New Parts
The VACHEN Smartwatch consists of a watch band, bezel, case, and VACHEN Smart movement technology. If your bezel or case breaks, it can be easily replaced. If you have a problem with VACHEN Smart movement, you can rest assured it will be replaced as well.
Prototype video
Changing Watchfaces
1st Gen. Pilot Product (2013. 1)
3rd Pilot Product (2013. 4)
Menu User Interface
Roulette Game App
Stopwatch App
..
..
The new Apple iOS 8 platform has opened up a host of new opportunities for developers to make their mobile applications more customized and efficient. Let us here check out some interesting features of iOS 8, that app developers can make use of.
According to an Apple App Store Report (released mid-April), nearly 8 out of every 10 devices are currently working on the iOS 8 platform. This stat has a simple enough meaning for mobile app companies: unless their applications are not customized and completely compatible with the latest Apple mobile platform, their clientele will dwindle (with the imminent arrival of Apple Watch, this is even more so the case). We will here shed light on some important factors related to iOS 8 app development:
The presence of well over 4000 new APIs in iOS 8 makes it imperative for developers to take some time out to learn how to make apps that would be properly customized on this platform. New coders have to, of course, register themselves as ‘Apple Developers' first (doing so is free). Opting for a membership in the official iOS Developer Program is also a good idea. iOS 8 is, without a shadow of a doubt, extremely developer-friendly. All that you need to do is invest some time on getting a hang of its new tools and resources, and you will be able to start making apps on this platform.
A debate has been gathering momentum during the last year on the EU's approach to conflict resolution. This has occurred separately from events in Ukraine and relates to challenges in places like the Sahel, the Horn of Africa, and the Levant. Yet now, that debate must be seen as relevant to the union's Eastern neighborhood too.
EU leaders' discussion of defense in December 2013 gave a boost to the high politics of security deliberations. France has called for a common fund to finance EU military operations. Senior German politicians have promised a stronger military commitment. On the heel of missions in Mali, Niger, and Somalia, the EU is deploying a new Common Security and Defense Policy operation to the Central African Republic.
Attention often focuses on the EU's will and capability to undertake military action. Yet, arguably more significant developments in EU conflict policies have been unfolding off camera and little noticed.
Richard Youngs Youngs is an expert on the foreign policy of the European Union, in particular on questions of democracy support. More > @YoungsRichard
The EU is rolling out a number of new initiatives to improve what is commonly its most important contribution to security: the way it deploys civilian and aid initiatives to build more stable institutions in fragile contexts.
The EU has gradually sought to flesh out its “comprehensive approach” to conflict resolution. In December 2013, the European External Action Service (the EU's foreign policy arm) and the European Commission (its executive) published an important communication calling for the EU to marry short- and long-term funding initiatives; ensure European counterterrorism and migration policies are consistent with conflict interventions; generate more common crisis analysis across member states; and sharpen the focus on preventive measures.
Several EU member states speak similar language, as enshrined, for instance, in the UK development agency's “drivers of conflict” template. Proposals for a European Institute of Peace are also advancing.
The EU has introduced several new instruments to give more political leverage to the aid it channels to governments in fragile contexts. One such instrument is a “state-building contract,” which is linked to the EU's New Deal commitment to strengthen help for fragile states.
The aim of signing state-building contracts with conflict-afflicted countries is to foster all-inclusive dialogue between different sides of local conflicts. This dialogue aims at producing a consensual “compact” to define the use of EU funds. One of the most notable contracts was launched in Mali in mid-2013; in light of postelection instability, the EU's approach in this country has become notably more political. Another contract operates in Mauritania, while efforts now focus on negotiating one for South Sudan.
In addition, the external action service's new mediation support team has begun to make a difference. In places such as Yemen, Lebanon, and Myanmar, this unit now works to improve the effectiveness of EU mediation strategies and ensure that conflict analysis is more systematically applied to the use of aid and trade instruments.
A new interagency coordinating committee has also been set up in Brussels to provide security input to the use of development aid. In 2013, a “comprehensive strategy” was drawn up to broaden the approach toward the Syrian conflict—for many observers still a more dangerous geostrategic flash point even than Ukraine.
All these moves represent a notable fine-tuning of EU conflict policies. However, the political components to peace building still require much careful elaboration.
The December communication acknowledges that the EU's comprehensive approach to crises and conflict is still more aspiration than reality. Unsurprisingly, perhaps, insiders still talk of “firewalls” between different policy areas. The innovative state-building contracts still cover only a very small percentage of commission aid and have not yet unleashed any significant increase in initiatives aimed at boosting societies' long-term resilience and institutional capacity building.
While the mission in the Central African Republic is accompanied by an extra €80 million ($111 million) in aid from the commission, its remit focuses more on extracting Europeans than on the conflict's root causes, which lie in governance deficiencies in large parts of the country.
The EU faces big challenges in the way it addresses state fragility. It needs to better respect the principle of local ownership but combine this with a long-term reform and institution-building agenda that regimes often resist. The state-building contracts are an attempt to narrow the gap between these two orientations, but they have not entirely squared the circle. They still need better flanking measures.
While conflict sensitivity has improved, years of supposedly prevention-oriented European aid have in many places been ineffective in dissuading conflict. The EU will need to develop more bespoke engagement in each national context while also addressing the tightening links between different subregional conflict systems.
More priority needs to be attached to shaping more “democratic security governance” in fragile contexts. The nature of counterterrorism cooperation across this arc of instability still sits uncomfortably with these supposedly more sophisticated approaches to peace building. The EU needs to do a lot more to address the most deep-rooted drivers of conflict.
While critics bemoan the demise and failure of liberal peace building, the EU has sought to design more comprehensive policy interventions. Its willingness to use the December communication to take this approach to the next level will be of crucial significance given the range and depth of conflicts that now claim the union's attention.
This is all highly relevant to the current situation in Ukraine. A stronger connection is required between the EU's generic conflict tools and the deepening crisis in Eastern Europe and the Southern Caucasus. At the same time, the EU must not let the challenge of dealing with Russian President Vladimir Putin distract it from tightening its commitments in other increasingly fractious states—as some diplomats fear is already happening.
Colbey Northcutt is the 28th ranked of 62 active Texas women (pound for pound).
Colbey Northcutt is the 507th ranked of 1239 active United States women (pound for pound).
Colbey Northcutt is the 60th ranked of 143 active US Southwest women (pound for pound).
Edit Tapology wikis about fighters, bouts, events and more. Help build MMA knowledge online: Update Wiki
Invicta FC 25: Kunitskaya vs Pa'aluhi fight card preview The West Coast gets another taste of the all-women organization's offerings. Invicta ... ( over 1 year ago )
LFA 14 highlights: A dislocated arm and Colbey Northcutt's rough pro debut Two MMA newcomers kicked off Friday's LFA 14 event, but the one who flew under the radar ... ( over 1 year ago )
Video: Sage Northcutt's sister Colbey loses pro MMA debut by TKO Colbey Northcutt lost her professional MMA debut in the second round. Colbey Northcut... ( over 1 year ago )
WIDEO: Siostra Sage'a Northcutta przegrywa w swoim debiucie w MMA Colbey Northcutt, siostra popularnego Super Sage'a, nie zaliczy debiutu w profesjonalnym ... ( over 1 year ago )
Eryk Anders and Roberto Sanchez Crowned LFA Champions on AXS TV FIGHTS: LFA 14 Eryk Anders and Roberto Sanchez Crowned LFA Champions on AXS TV FIGHTS: LFA 14 Here are t... ( over 1 year ago )
LFA 14 results: 2 new champs crowned after Colbey Northcutt drops pro debut After a grueling five-rounder to close out Friday's LFA 14 event, the organization has a ... ( over 1 year ago )
Story highlights Cruz's new spots makes a play on the 1999 comedy film
"Damn it feels good to be a Clinton," the parody lyrics say
(CNN) Ted Cruz takes a swing in a new ad at Hillary Clinton's email server controversy with a spoof of a famous scene from the cult classic comedy "Office Space."
In the 1999 movie, a group of software company workers drag a chronically malfunctioning printer into an open field to stomp on and pulverize it with a baseball bat.
Cruz's spot adjusts the frame a bit, substituting in a Clinton character, along with a couple of her aides, and exchanging the printer for a computer drive.
The musical backing will be familiar to the movie's fans -- a neat parody of the Geto Boys' 1992 single "Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangsta."
Cruz's version begins, "Damn it feels good to be a Clinton. A shameless politician always plays her cards right." It goes on to call out the press for keeping "their their mouths tight" in defense of the "entitled" former secretary of state and former president.
Read More
In Najaf's main market, located right outside the mausoleum, religious calendar controls the life of gemstone traders.
Every time Mohammed al-Ghoraifi visits Najaf he returns with another precious stone on his finger. Like for many pilgrims visiting the Iraqi Shiite holy city, buying a gemstone ring is part and parcel of the experience.
Ghoraifi, sporting two weighty rings on the right hand and a third on the left on his latest visit, said they formed only a modest part of his collection.
The collection may have cost him a small fortune, but “the stones have enormous value, whatever the cost”, said the 60-year-old pilgrim from Bahrain, wearing a white robe and bedouin scarf.
Ghoraifi's passion for gemstone rings from Najaf, set with agate stones, rubies or turquoise, is shared by most of the pilgrims, primarily from Iran, who visit the city to pray at Imam Ali's shrine.
A jeweller tries on a ring at a shop in the main market of Iraq's holy city of Najaf. —AFP
Customers come from “Saudi Arabia, Iran, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Pakistan, Lebanon...” said shopkeeper Fayez Abu Ghoneim, 45.
In a city where several family businesses are renowned for the size and cut of their gemstones, pilgrims amble into Abu Ghoneim's shop right after visiting the mausoleum of Prophet Muhammad's (PBUH) son-in-law.
“Many of them buy a ring or a rosary as a souvenir of their pilgrimage for family or friends back home,” said Abu Ghoneim.
A jeweller fabricates a ring in a workshop in the main market of Iraq's holy city of Najaf. —AFP
Competition from abroad
In Najaf's main market, strategically located facing the golden gate of the mausoleum, the religious calendar controls the life of gemstone traders like Abu Ghoneim.
Major religious ceremonies for which millions pour into Najaf are boom times, especially as prices shoot up with the increase in demand, sending the most prized rings into the thousands of dollars price bracket. But not all pilgrims are ready to fork out large sums.
Issa Mussa, a trader in his 70s, said business had declined because the market was being flooded with cheap imports from Turkey, China, Thailand, and Iran.
“Now I've turned into a ring salesman whereas I used to be a jeweller,” said Mussa.
Women browse for rings at a stall outside a jeweller's shop in the main market of Najaf. —AFP
As for Ali Anwar, he is proud to carry on the artisanal tradition of Najaf, which comes at a price.
“Turkish or Thai jewellery is sold by the gram, whereas a Najaf ring is sold individually, for between 40,000 and 50,000 dinars,” or about $35 to $40, not including the price of the stone, he said.
Some clients bring in their foreign-manufactured rings for the stones to be recut in Najaf's workshops.
A cleric tries on a ring at a jewellery shop. —AFP
Imported rings are sold by the armful, at a little over $10 apiece, during major religious holidays such as the holy month of Muharram or the annual commemoration of Arbaeen.
Customers and window shoppers pack the alleyways of the market, a maze of shops built in the yellow stone of the Karbala region and with the names printed in blue mosaic.
The market with its Islamic-inspired architecture plays host in the off-season mostly to Najaf's religious scholars and their students, both local and non-Iraqi, who are estimated to number 25,000.
Many of them wear one or several rings, most often on the right hand — a sign of being a Shia Muslim imitating Imam Ali.
Strategically located facing the golden gate of the mausoleum, the religious calendar controls the life of the market's gemstone traders, for whom boom times on major religious ceremonies are a boon as the increase in demand sends the most prized rings into the thousands of dollars bracket. —AFP
For health and good luck
For pilgrims, the purchase of a Najaf ring is seen by many as the final rite.
As Sheikh Jassem al-Mandalawi, 42, explained to AFP, certain rocks bring “pardon, such as onyx from Yemen, while emerald is a portent of success”.
A ring with a red agate stone or a sapphire can sell for 100,000 dinars or more, he said.
The “must-have” item is the Najaf quartz, a stone that looks like glass but is solid as rock, and which is found in the desert that encircles the city, explained Mohammed al-Shamarati, 30, a trader in precious stones.
A man browses for rings at a jeweller's in the main market. —AFP
Fadel Abu Abdullah, 50, said the stones he sells also have therapeutic powers.
“Yellow sapphire, for example, is good for the heart rate and can also treat jaundice in newborns,” he said, while other stones can keep “bad fortune and evil spirits” at bay.
Shamarati said young single women bought his rings to help them find a husband.
For Abu Abbas, a 40-year-old from a remote area outside Najaf, a ring engraved with a verse from the Koran or one of the 99 names of Allah can also protect the wearer.
“I often travel through desert areas and could be attacked with guns at any time,” he said, as he scoured the shops for the right stone.
“DreamWorks Dragons” is flying onto Netflix.
The children's television series based on the “How to Train Your Dragon” franchise will air its new seasons on Netflix Inc.'s streaming service starting in spring 2015, moving the popular show from the Cartoon Network and bolstering Netflix's partnership with the series' studio, DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc.
The “DreamWorks Dragons” show takes place in the time between the original “How to Train Your Dragon” film, released in 2010, and the franchise's sequel, set for release on June 13. The series follows Hiccup, a teenage boy in a mythical Viking land voiced by “She's Out of My League” actor Jay Baruchel, and Toothless, his beloved dragon. The previous seasons featured Hiccup and others as younger characters, but the show's new seasons on Netflix will take place closer to the time of the theatrical sequel, when he and the others are older.
Story highlights The boat had crossed into South Korean waters, officials say
North Korea test-fired two missiles this week
North accuses South Korea of provocation
A day after North Korea test-fired two missiles, South Korea captured a fishing boat from the North that had crossed into South Korean waters, officials say.
The boat crossed the sea demarcation line that separates the two Koreas and was captured by the South Korean navy Thursday, the South Korean Ministry of Defense said.
The action comes as tensions between the two Koreas are rising once again.
On Wednesday, North Korea tested two medium-range ballistic missiles, firing them into the ocean.
JUST WATCHED North Korea fires missiles Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea fires missiles 01:19
South Korea says it believes the missile tests are a reaction to ongoing U.S.-South Korean military drills.
North Korea had harsh words for the South, accusing it of provocations.
"The puppet military gangsters perpetrated such provocations as firing bullets and shells from the areas around the five islands including Paekryong and Big Yonphyong islands and scattering leaflets hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership of the DPRK on March 24," the North Korean news agency KCNA reported.
We have incredible news to share with the community: legendary game programmer John Carmack will be officially joining the Oculus team as our new Chief Technology Officer (CTO).
John is one of the brightest minds of our generation -- pioneer, visionary, and industry legend. There are very few people in the world that can contribute to the Oculus Rift and the future of virtual reality like John can.
John put together a short note for the Oculus community:
“I have fond memories of the development work that led to a lot of great things in modern gaming – the intensity of the first person experience, LAN and internet play, game mods, and so on. Duct taping a strap and hot gluing sensors onto Palmer's early prototype Rift and writing the code to drive it ranks right up there. Now is a special time. I believe that VR will have a huge impact in the coming years, but everyone working today is a pioneer. The paradigms that everyone will take for granted in the future are being figured out today; probably by people reading this message. It's certainly not there yet. There is a lot more work to do, and there are problems we don't even know about that will need to be solved, but I am eager to work on them. It's going to be awesome!”
If you're unfamiliar with John's background, John co-founded id Software, served as lead programmer on Wolfenstein 3D, Doom, and the Quake series, and is one of the pioneers of 3D graphics. When John's not working on revolutionizing video games or computer graphics, he can be found coding at Armadillo Aerospace.
If you've been following Oculus since the launch of the Kickstarter campaign (or before that on MTBS3D), you know that John has been a part of the project and a true believer in the future of virtual reality since the beginning. He was the first developer to actually integrate the Rift into a game, back when the hardware was just a hand-held prototype without an SDK.
Palmer, Michael Abrash (Valve), and John discuss virtual reality at QuakeCon 2012.
John will be working from the new Oculus Dallas office that we're opening soon. We're looking for a few key hires to help us in Dallas, so if you're interested, check out the Oculus Careers page.
You can follow John at @ID_AA_Carmack on Twitter. Please join us in welcoming John to the Oculus family!
Happy anniversary to our Kickstarter backers! We've come a long a way in 1 year, and we can't wait to show you where we're headed next. This is just the beginning.
-- Palmer, John and the Oculus team
Artificial intelligence has come a long way since R2-D2. These days, most millennials would be lost without smart GPS systems. Robots are already navigating battlefields, and drones may soon be delivering Amazon packages to our doorsteps.
Siri can solve complicated equations and tell you how to cook rice. She has even proven she can even respond to questions with a sense of humor.
But all of these advances depend on a user giving the A.I. direction. What would happen if GPS units decided they didn't want to go to the dry cleaners, or worse, Siri decided she could become smarter without you around?
Our Final Invention: Artificial Intelligence and the End of the Human Era."> Our Final Invention: Artificial Intelligence and the End of the Human Era.">
These are just the tamest of outcomes James Barrat, an author and documentary filmmaker, forecasts in his new book, Our Final Invention: Artificial Intelligence and the End of the Human Era.
Before long, Barrat says, artificial intelligence—from Siri to drones and data mining systems—will stop looking to humans for upgrades and start seeking improvements on their own. And unlike the R2-D2s and HALs of science fiction, the A.I. of our future won't necessarily be friendly, he says: they could actually be what destroy us.
In a nutshell, can you explain your big idea?
In this century, scientists will create machines with intelligence that equals and then surpasses our own. But before we share the planet with super-intelligent machines, we must develop a science for understanding them. Otherwise, they'll take control. And no, this isn't science fiction.
Scientists have already created machines that are better than humans at chess, Jeopardy!, navigation, data mining, search, theorem proving and countless other tasks. Eventually, machines will be created that are better than humans at A.I. research
At that point, they will be able to improve their own capabilities very quickly. These self-improving machines will pursue the goals they're created with, whether they be space exploration, playing chess or picking stocks. To succeed they'll seek and expend resources, be it energy or money. They'll seek to avoid the failure modes, like being switched off or unplugged. In short, they'll develop drives, including self-protection and resource acquisition—drives much like our own. They won't hesitate to beg, borrow, steal and worse to get what they need.
How did you get interested in this topic?
I'm a documentary filmmaker. In 2000, I interviewed inventor Ray Kurzweil, roboticist Rodney Brooks and sci-fi legend Arthur C. Clarke for a TLC film about the making of the novel and film, 2001: A Space Odyssey. The interviews explored the idea of the Hal 9000, and malevolent computers. Kurzweil's books have portrayed the A.I. future as a rapturous “singularity,” a period in which technological advances outpace humans' ability to understand them. Yet he anticipated only good things emerging from A.I. that is strong enough to match and then surpass human intelligence. He predicts that we'll be able to reprogram the cells of our bodies to defeat disease and aging. We'll develop super endurance with nanobots that deliver more oxygen than red blood cells. We'll supercharge our brains with computer implants so that we'll become superintelligent. And we'll port our brains to a more durable medium than our present “wetware” and live forever if we want to. Brooks was optimistic, insisting that A.I.-enhanced robots would be allies, not threats.
Scientist-turned-author Clarke, on the other hand, was pessimistic. He told me intelligence will win out, and humans would likely compete for survival with super-intelligent machines. He wasn't specific about what would happen when we share the planet with super-intelligent machines, but he felt it'd be a struggle for mankind that we wouldn't win.
That went against everything I had thought about A.I., so I began interviewing artificial intelligence experts.
What evidence do you have to support your idea?
Advanced artificial intelligence is a dual-use technology, like nuclear fission, capable of great good or great harm. We're just starting to see the harm.
The NSA privacy scandal came about because the NSA developed very sophisticated data-mining tools. The agency used its power to plumb the metadata of millions of phone calls and the the entirety of the Internet—critically, all email. Seduced by the power of data-mining A.I., an agency entrusted to protect the Constitution instead abused it. They developed tools too powerful for them to use responsibly.
Today, another ethical battle is brewing about making fully autonomous killer drones and battlefield robots powered by advanced A.I.—human-killers without humans in the loop. It's brewing between the Department of Defense and the drone and robot makers who are paid by the DOD, and people who think it's foolhardy and immoral to create intelligent killing machines. Those in favor of autonomous drones and battlefield robots argue that they'll be more moral—that is, less emotional, will target better and be more disciplined than human operators. Those against taking humans out of the loop are looking at drones' miserable history of killing civilians, and involvement in extralegal assassinations. Who shoulders the moral culpability when a robot kills? The robot makers, the robot users, or no one? Nevermind the technical hurdles of telling friend from foe.
In the longer term, as experts in my book argue, A.I. approaching human-level intelligence won't be easily controlled; unfortunately, super-intelligence doesn't imply benevolence. As A.I. theorist Eliezer Yudkowsky of MIRI [the Machine Intelligence Research Institute] puts it, “The A.I. does not love you, nor does it hate you, but you are made of atoms it can use for something else.” If ethics can't be built into a machine, then we'll be creating super-intelligent psychopaths, creatures without moral compasses, and we won't be their masters for long.
What is new about your thinking?
Individuals and groups as diverse as American computer scientist Bill Joy and MIRI have long warned that we have much to fear from machines whose intelligence eclipses our own. In Our Final Invention, I argue that A.I. will also be misused on the development path to human-level intelligence. Between today and the day when scientists create human-level intelligence, we'll have A.I.-related mistakes and criminal applications.
Why hasn't more been done, or, what is being done to stop AI from turning on us?
There's not one reason, but many. Some experts don't believe we're close enough to creating human-level artificial intelligence and beyond to worry about its risks. Many A.I. makers win contracts with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency [DARPA] and don't want to raise issues they consider political. The normalcy bias is a cognitive bias that prevents people from reacting to disasters and disasters in the making—that's definitely part of it. But a lot of A.I. makers are doing something. Check out the scientists who advise MIRI. And, a lot more will get involved once the dangers of advanced A.I. enter mainstream dialogue.
Can you describe a moment when you knew this was big?
We humans steer the future not because we're the fastest or the strongest creatures on the planet, but because we're the smartest. When we share the planet with creatures smarter than ourselves, they'll steer the future. When I understood this idea, I felt I was writing about the most important question of our time.
Every big thinker has predecessors whose work was crucial to his discovery. Who gave you the foundation to build your idea?
The foundations of A.I. risk analysis were developed by mathematician I. J. Good, science fiction writer Vernor Vinge, and others including A.I. developer Steve Omohundro. Today, MIRI and Oxford's Future of Humanity Institute are almost alone in addressing this problem. Our Final Invention has about 30 pages of endnotes acknowledging these thinkers.
In researching and developing your idea, what has been the high point? And the low point?
The high points were writing Our Final Invention, and my ongoing dialogue with A.I. makers and theorists. People who program A.I. are aware of the safety issues and want to help come up with safeguards. For instance, MIRI is working on creating “friendly” A.I.
Computer scientist and theorist Steve Omohundro has advocated a “scaffolding” approach, in which provably safe A.I. helps build the next generation of A.I. to ensure that it too is safe. Then that A.I. does the same, and so on. I think a public-private partnership has to be created to bring A.I.-makers together to share ideas about security—something like the International Atomic Energy Agency, but in partnership with corporations. The low points? Realizing that the best, most advanced A.I. technology will be used to create weapons. And those weapons eventually will turn against us.
What two or three people are most likely to try to refute your argument? Why?
Inventor Ray Kurzweil is the chief apologist for advanced technologies. In my two interviews with him, he claimed that we would meld with the A.I. technologies through cognitive enhancements. Kurzweil and people broadly called transhumanists and singularitarians think A.I. and ultimately artificial general intelligence and beyond will evolve with us. For instance, computer implants will enhance our brains' speed and overall capabilities. Eventually, we'll develop the technology to transport our intelligence and consciousness into computers. Then super-intelligence will be at least partly human, which in theory would ensure super-intelligence was “safe.”
For many reasons, I'm not a fan of this point of view. Trouble is, we humans aren't reliably safe, and it seems unlikely that super-intelligent humans will be either. We have no idea what happens to a human's ethics after their intelligence is boosted. We have a biological basis for aggression that machines lack. Super-intelligence could very well be an aggression multiplier.
Who will be most affected by this idea?
Everyone on the planet has much to fear from the unregulated development of super-intelligent machines. An intelligence race is going on right now. Achieving A.G.I. is job number one for Google, IBM and many smaller companies like Vicarious and Deep Thought, as well as DARPA, the NSA and governments and companies abroad. Profit is the main motivation for that race. Imagine one likely goal: a virtual human brain at the price of a computer. It would be the most lucrative commodity in history. Imagine banks of thousands of PhD quality brains working 24/7 on pharmaceutical development, cancer research, weapons development and much more. Who wouldn't want to buy that technology?
Meanwhile, 56 nations are developing battlefield robots, and the drive is to make them, and drones, autonomous. They will be machines that kill, unsupervised by humans. Impoverished nations will be hurt most by autonomous drones and battlefield robots. Initially, only rich countries will be able to afford autonomous kill bots, so rich nations will wield these weapons against human soldiers from impoverished nations.
How might it change life, as we know it?
Imagine: in as little as a decade, a half-dozen companies and nations field computers that rival or surpass human intelligence. Imagine what happens when those computers become expert at programming smart computers. Soon we'll be sharing the planet with machines thousands or millions of times more intelligent than we are. And, all the while, each generation of this technology will be weaponized. Unregulated, it will be catastrophic.
What questions are left unanswered?
Solutions. The obvious solution would be to give the machines a moral sense that makes them value human life and property. But programming ethics into a machine turns out to be extremely hard. Moral norms differ from culture to culture, they change over time, and they're contextual. If we humans can't agree on when life begins, how can we tell a machine to protect life? Do we really want to be safe, or do we really want to be free? We can debate it all day and not reach a consensus, so how can we possibly program it?
We also, as I mentioned earlier, need to get A.I. developers together. In the 1970s, recombinant DNA researchers decided to suspend research and get together for a conference at Asilomar in Pacific Grove, California. They developed basic safety protocols like “don't track the DNA out on your shoes,” for fear of contaminating the environment with genetic works in progress. Because of the “Asilomar Guidelines,” the world benefits from genetically modified crops, and gene therapy looks promising. So far as we know, accidents were avoided. It's time for an Asilomar Conference for A.I.
What's standing in the way?
A huge economic wind propels the development of advanced A.I. Human-level intelligence at the price of a computer will be the hottest commodity in history. Google and IBM won't want to share their secrets with the public or competitors. The Department of Defense won't want to open their labs to China and Israel, and vice-versa. Public awareness has to push policy towards openness and public-private partnerships designed to ensure safety.
What is next for you?
I'm a documentary filmmaker, so of course I'm thinking about a film version of Our Final Invention.
Misty Snow and Misty Plowright have become the first transgender people to be nominated for a Congressional seat by a major political party, when they won their respective Democratic primary races in Utah and Colorado, though neither will be favored to win in November.
Ms. Snow, a 30-year-old grocery store cashier from Salt Lake City, bested marriage therapist Jonathan Swinton, a self-identified conservative Democrat who ran on a centrist platform, in the primary for a Utah U.S. Senate seats.
The transgender woman will now face off against incumbent Republican Sen. Mike Lee in November. Mr. Lee ran unopposed in the Republican primary and will be an overwhelming favorite in a state that has not elected a Democrat to the U.S. Senate during Ms. Snow's lifetime.
Although Mr. Swinton won the initial ballot at the state party's Democratic convention, he failed to garner 60 percent of the vote, sending the race into a primary runoff. The unofficial returns showed Ms. Snow with a 59.5 percent-to-40.5 percent advantage.
Ms. Snow ran on a platform of increasing the minimum wage and criticized her opponent for supporting restrictions on abortion. She played up the historic nature of her candidacy.
“This shows LGBT people that being LGBT is not a barrier to running for political office,” she said. “You can be you, and people will respect you for that.”
But on Wednesday she downplayed that, saying that “Utah just has this really kind of nice culture. There's this kind of libertarian kind of mindset. They don't really care too much about those types of things. They just really care about where you stand on issues or whether or not you're a good person.”
In an interview with a local CBS station in April, Ms. Snow called Mr. Lee “one of the most loathsome people in the Senate,” and said he “needs to be removed from office.”
Ms. Plowright was nominated by Democrats in Colorado's conservative 5th Congressional District, which has never been held by a Democrat and in which the party didn't even field a candidate in 2012. She will run in November against Republican Rep. Doug Lamborn, who easily won his primary.
A 33-year-old who works in information technology, Ms. Plowright secured the Democratic nomination over Donald Martinez, an Iraq War veteran, by 58 percent to 42 percent.
Mr. Martinez ran his campaign on a platform of reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs, citing his own difficulties receiving medical care through the embattled agency.
Ms. Plowright campaigned on an anti-establishment platform, pledging to get money out of politics. She also downplayed her gender identity.
“Yeah, I'm trans, but the simple fact of the matter is that a lot of people just don't care,” the first-time candidate said Wednesday.
The fact that the two were nominated in races where any Democrat would have little chance didn't surprise other Democrats. “We're going to lose anyway; we might as well make a statement about inclusion,” Utah state Sen. Jim Dabakis, who is gay, told The Associated Press.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Some rideshare drivers with Uber and Lyft say they're making more money than ever before, all thanks to the legalization of marijuana.
Keith has been driving for Lyft for 7 months. He loves it so much, he made it his primary form of income.
So why all the hype? Keith says after July 1, when the new recreational marijuana law went into effect, things changed for the better.
State regulators predicted 63 percent of the recreational marijuana industry in Nevada would come from tourists, and Keith says that's got to be right on point. He spends nearly half of his time on the clock driving from the Las Vegas Strip to a dispensary, back to the Strip, and so on.
"Swear to god it's the best job I've ever had," said Keith. "I'm making now more than I was before, and I'm more relaxed."
The longer trips off the Strip mean more money for the drivers. Keith's average trip cost went up from about $12 to $25 in the past few weeks. Not only that, but some of the dispensaries pay him to bring new customers.
On average, Keith says he works five hours a day, raking in $300 every time. Something he feels can be life-changing to anyone looking for a job.
To be clear, the driver we spoke with said he's making extra money with Lyft due to 3 factors:
Longer rides traveling off the Strip
Kickbacks from pot shops for bringing new customers (up to $25 each time)
Cash tips from his passengers
As for Uber, they don't have any specific data on the number of marijuana-related trips in Las Vegas, but their safety spokesperson released the following statement:
"We have continued to see a steady growth in trips throughout Nevada. Marijuana impaired driving is 100% preventable. By providing people with safe ride options, we believe we are empowering people to make better, safer choices. With our technology, we want to help everyone have a safe ride home."
It is important to note, many drivers have come forward saying they have not had the same positive experience as Keith.
This 1941 Graham Hollywood 4-door sedan has been restored and given the street rod treatment with the addition of a 302 Ford V-8 and C4 automatic, according to the seller, but retains a mostly stock appearance. Like the nearly identical Hupmobile Skylark, these cars used the body dies of the 1936-37 Cord Westchester sedan from the cowl rearward, but have a shorter front clip, different front-end styling and rear-wheel drive. Find this one here on eBay in Concord, California for $59,950 or “offer.”
The Hollywood was produced only for 1940 and 1941, but like its Cord predecessor was never made in large numbers (production ended in September 1940). This car features a stock body with stock Hollywood trim and is finished in early Ford Cloud Mist Gray PPG single-stage paint. It has new glass, new rubber gaskets and bear-claw latches on all four doors, according to the seller. The seller notes some cracking in the finish, which can be seen in the photos, but the car appears to present well overall.
The redone interior features new upholstery, door panels, carpet and headliner as well as Dynomat sound insulation. Power windows have been fitted to the front doors, but the stock cranks have been retained. The dash features restored stock instruments (the fuel gauge is said to be intermittent) and a hidden underdash AM/FM/CD unit has been added. The floor-mounted 14-inch Gennie transmission shifter has a period look in keeping with the rest of the car.
The Ford 302, bored .060 over and fitted with an Edelbrock manifold and four-barrel carb, fits readily into the space originally occupied by the car's supercharged, 124-horse, Continental six. Given the car's near-3,000-pound curb weight, the extra power of the V-8 should make for a far more usable car in modern traffic. Other additions include Mustang front suspension with rack and pinion steering, power front disc brakes and a dual-circuit braking system.
Though purists probably won't appreciate the non-stock drivetrain and suspension, we think they make this a Hollywood we'd be more likely to use. The car's rarity is also an attraction. Like the seller notes, you certainly won't be parking next to one at your next car show.
Shadowrun: Hong Kong - Extended Edition - Harebrained Schemes
TROUBLESHOOTING & REPORTING BUGS
Core/Engine Bug Fixes
Resolved animation issue that caused old dog models not to animate.
Resolved issue that caused weapons to be reloaded upon loading save files.
Resolved issue that could cause items with tag/variable prerequisite to be duplicated in equip screen.
Resolved issue that prevented some locked items from being observed in the equip screen.
Shadowrun Hong Kong Bug Fixes
Resolved an edge case issue that could cause a conversation to end unexpectedly in the Showdown mission.
Resolved issue that prevented some actors from equipping items as expected in the Showdown mission.
Resolved various spelling, and other grammatical issues.
Shadows of Hong Kong Bug Fixes
Resolved issue that caused some actors to have their equipment duplicated on save/load in the Rude Awakening mission.
Resolved issue that incorrectly displayed some player choices in save import screen.
Resolved many grammatical and continuity issues, see notes below for more information.
Notes
Release 3.1.2 contains a variety of Shadowrun: Hong Kong and Shadows of Hong Kong campaign fixes, bug fixes, and new features. If you are encountering any issues in Hong Kong, please update to build 3.1.2 immediately. (To update, restart Steam and then allow Shadowrun to fully verify and download the new build.)After the update if you are experiencing a campaign-related issue, you may also need to restart your current scene (select "Restart Level" from the PDA) or rewind (select "Rewind" from the PDA save screen, then select a previous level) to before you encountered the issue in order to resolve the issue.If you are experiencing technical issues with Shadowrun: Hong Kong, please see this post: https://steamcommunity.com/app/346940/discussions/1/528398719793341723/ The Shadows of Hong Kong campaign has undergone a comprehensive edit pass. This should resolve many of the spelling, grammar, and continuity errors found in previous versions. If you have contacted us previously notifying us of these types of issues please update to this version 3.1.2 and restart the level that you are currently playing. If you see that we did not resolve your issue please contact us again with a screenshot of the issue, as well as the version number of the game you are currently playing.
What do we know about the soldier who claims to know that Princess Diana was murdered by Britain's special forces?
Age: Classified.
Appearance: I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
Is there anything you can tell me that won't result in someone dying? Yes.
What is it? It's complicated. Are you familiar with Sgt Danny Nightingale?
The 38-year-old SAS sniper who was given a suspended sentence after being convicted of keeping a Glock 9mm pistol and various rounds of ammunition in his house by a court martial in July, which was held after the court of appeal overturned a previous conviction for the same offence? I'll take that as a yes.
Good idea. Well, during the recent retrial, "Soldier N" was the codename given to a former colleague and housemate of Nightingale, who testified that it was routine for soldiers to bring weapons back home as trophies.
I see. But the court heard allegations that Soldier N was an unreliable witness. One piece of evidence was a letter that his parents-in-law had written two years ago to a commanding officer in the SAS, in which they said he was behaving erratically.
I'm with you so far. Good. The letter said that Soldier N was scaring his children by hoisting them high up in trees and transporting them around under canvas in the back of his Land Rover, and that he was frightening his wife with threats to make her "disappear".
How allegedly horrid. Quite. The letter also claims he said that Princess Diana had been murdered by the SAS.
Proof at last! Except it's not quite proof, is it? An inquiry and an inquest both found no evidence at all that Diana was killed deliberately. Needless to say, during the silly season, the world's media have jumped on the story.
I noticed. So this "Diana killed by SAS" thing was mentioned precisely as an example of something that an unreliable person would say? Basically.
But the media are reporting it like it's significant? That's right.
Honestly, some people will print any old rubbish to sell newspapers, won't they? They will indeed.
Do say: "Perhaps we should just have a Diana inquiry every four years? A bit like the World Cup."
Don't say: "The guy who works in the pet shop where my wife's friend used to buy cat litter is the same age that Lord Lucan would be today."
Big Things
I came to Las Vegas this summer to attend the WSOP, same as I have annually since I was 20 years old. I had fallen in love with poker before I was old enough to battle at the Rio, and gladly spent that first pre-21 summer grinding online while rooting on my friends from the rail. Ever since, competing in the June-July WSOP with those same friends has been my favorite time of the year.
This summer, I played a whopping zero hands of poker at the Rio, a tiny bit fewer than I anticipated.
This year was always going to be a turning point for me. I celebrated my 30th birthday in April, and I took hitting 30 as a signal to pause and evaluate what I was doing and what I envisioned for myself and Run It Up. I had set up all my partnerships and commitments to expire in 2017, giving me the chance to pivot if I chose to. But as these conversations loomed, for the first time in my business life I felt anxious, not excited. I really didn't know what I wanted to do next.
Jason Somerville at the PCA
I ended up spending June and July focusing on getting into healthy routines, the likes of which I've never had before in my adult life. Sorry Annie's, but I only ate mac-and-cheese for breakfast like six times this summer. I haven't checked, but that stock has to have plummeted. I made a concerted effort to read (even though I mostly read about baseball) and tried to spend 12 minutes outside every day, a feat I may have accomplished accidentally a few times in middle school. Small but fulfilling victories all around for a lifelong dirty basement resident.
Turns out, normal human things can be pretty fun. I enjoyed my summer and never found the competitive desire to go wage war for hundreds of thousands of dollars at the WSOP. And amidst this rather wonderfully tranquil summer, I was able to invest heavy time deep in the tank, pondering what could be next. It didn't take long. By the end of July, I had sketched out a vision for a new streaming project. Momentum gathered, I met with partners old and new, and big dreams started becoming Big Things.
Gaming has been a staple of my life since my Dad gave me a Commodore 64. Twenty years or so later, the first esport I fell in love with was Starcraft 2. I gladly stayed up until 5am every chance I had to watch professional matches live from South Korea. Captivated by those livestreams, I remember asking myself about what kept poker streams from reaching that same level of popularity and broadcast production. A few years later, I asked the same questions about poker on Twitch, but this time, I was in a position to try and produce answers.
Twitch has already been a powerful engine for growth in poker. Hundreds of thousands of fans have tuned into Run It Up each month since I began streaming, consuming over a billion minutes of poker content. But I don't think we're even close to peaking (_/\_). I see Twitch Poker as the single best way of introducing people around the world to the game we love. Illuminating the strategic beauty of poker draws new players and rekindles former players' interest in the game. Let's raise the bar for poker content so that one day our major events rival marquee esports championships. I want to build Twitch Poker and help our dedicated and talented poker streamers reach new heights of success.
Twitch's positive impact on our industry is only just beginning.
Jason Somerville in winning ways
I promise to continue to work hard for the good of poker. I will seek partnerships and alliances across and outside of our industry in an effort to build our game and community. I've never been accused of thinking small, and there's a long road ahead filled with challenges. Let's get there together. I deeply appreciate everyone's love, support, and patience - these last few years on Twitch have been the best of my life, and I'm not going anywhere. I'm glad to have you with us as we embark on this new chapter of Run It Up, and I'm stoked to see many of you at Run It Up Reno October 16th-23rd!
Peace
@JasonSomerville
Over the years I have encountered several clients who've told me they are bisexual. One of them had a dilemma. A woman in her late twenties had experienced several short-term relationships with women and men since she was a teenager. For the past three years, she had been in a monogamous relationship with a male partner, and now he had asked her to marry him.
She loves him and they both would like to have children. The problem is that she has never told him that she is bisexual; she prefers to be in a heterosexual relationship because settling down and having a family is very important to her. Now her difficulty was, should she tell him or not!
I am often surprised how many people know very little about their partner's sexual past. Sometimes this is because they don't know how to ask, or they don't want to know because of insecurity or jealousy. Having to compete with a member of the opposite sex can even be more daunting!
Most people don't understand the concept of bisexuality, and the assumption is often made that "you are either, gay, straight, or lying". Many bisexual people complain that they feel like outsiders, who don't fit in to the gay or straight world. It's difficult for them to find acceptance and there are very few role models.
Gay men often believe that bisexual men are really gay, but in denial. Bisexual women are often mistrusted by lesbians for "sleeping with the enemy" while straight women may reject bisexual men out of misguided fear they may have HIV or other sexual transmitted infections. Bisexual men are told to make up their minds.
The sex researcher Alfred Kinsey noted more than 50 years ago, that sexual attraction varies along a continuum and he devised a seven-point scale to describe this. At one end are people who are exclusively heterosexual and at the other end people who are exclusively homosexual. In between are many graduations of desire. This third category, meaning people with some significant attraction to both genders is called bisexuality.
Last year in the US a Pew Research Centre survey revealed that bisexuals differ from gay men and lesbians on a range of attitudes and experiences related to their sexual orientation. For example, while 77 per cent of gay men and 71 per cent of lesbians says most or all of the important people in their lives know of their sexual orientation, just 28 per cent of bisexuals says the same.
Many bisexuals avoid coming out because they don't want to deal with misconceptions that bisexuals are indecisive or incapable of monogamy, or going through a phase (stereotypes that also exist among straights, gays and lesbians alike). They also feel that they are sometimes shunned by the gay and lesbian and the straight world alike.
Another client, who has been happily married for 20 years and has three children, has an active sex life with his wife, but he also has occasional anonymous sex with men. He explained that while he is not romantically attracted to men, it's exciting and easy to hook up with another man and get a sexual release. But his wife found out and was devastated and she believes he must be gay or bisexual.
This scenario happens quite often, and the men in this category are known as "married men who have sex with men". Most of these men insist they are not gay or bisexual. However it's very confronting and confusing for their wives if they are found out.
So, with all the myths and prejudices that bisexuals experience, will they be more accepted in the near future? There are many gay characters in the movies or TV but very few bisexual ones. Exceptions include Nolan Ross, the wealthy software inventor in the popular TV show Revenge. And The Good Wife has an interesting main character, the investigator Kalinda Sharma.
As for celebrities, Anna Paquin, Megan Fox, Lady Gaga, and Angelina Jolie have openly stated that they are bisexual, but maybe it's slightly more acceptable for women. Katy Perry famously performed a song called I Kissed a Girl and Madonna kissed Britney Spears on stage, but I doubt if Justin Bieber or Bruno Mars had dared to kiss a boy!
What do you think?
Neptune is a truly fascinating world. But as it is, there is much that people don't know about it. Perhaps it is because Neptune is the most distant planet from our Sun, or because so few exploratory missions have ventured that far out into our Solar System. But regardless of the reason, Neptune is a gas (and ice) giant that is full of wonder!
Below, we have compiled a list of 10 interesting facts about this planet. Some of them, you might already know. But others are sure to surprise and maybe even astound you. Enjoy!
1. Neptune is the Most Distant Planet:
This may sound like a pretty simple statement, but it's actually rather complicated. When it was first discovered by in 1846, Neptune became the most distant planet in the Solar System. But then in 1930, Pluto was discovered, and Neptune became the second-most distant planet. But Pluto's orbit is very elliptical; and so there are periods when Pluto actually orbits closer to the Sun than Neptune. The last time this happened was in 1979, which lasted until 1999. During that period, Neptune was again the most distant planet.
Then, at the XXVIth General Assembly of the International Astronomical Union – which took place between Aug 14th and 25th, 2006, in Prague – the issue of which was the most distant planet was visited once again. Confronted with the discovery of many Pluto-sized bodies in the Kuiper Belt – i.e. Eris, Haumea, Sedna and Makemake – and the ongoing case of Ceres, the IAU decided it was time to work out a clear definition of what a planet was.
In what would prove to be a very controversial decision, the IAU's passed a resolution which defined a planet as “a celestial body orbiting a star that is massive enough to be rounded by its own gravity but has not cleared its neighboring region of planetesimals and is not a satellite. More explicitly, it has to have sufficient mass to overcome its compressive strength and achieve hydrostatic equilibrium.”
As a result of this, Pluto was “demoted” from the status of planet and thereafter defined as a “dwarf planet” instead. And so, Neptune has once again become the most distant planet. At least for now…
2. Neptune is the Smallest of the Gas Giants:
With an equatorial radius of only 24,764 km, Neptune is smaller than all the other gas giants in the Solar System: Jupiter, Saturn and Uranus. But here's the funny thing: Neptune is actually more massive than Uranus by about 18%. Since it's smaller but more massive, Neptune has a much higher density than Uranus. In fact, at 1.638 g/cm3, Neptune is the densest gas giant in the Solar System.
3. Neptune's Surface Gravity is Almost Earth-like:
Neptune is a ball of gas and ice, probably with a rocky core. There's no way you could actually stand on the surface of Neptune without just sinking in. However, if you could stand on the surface of Neptune, you would notice something amazing. The force of gravity pulling you down is almost exactly the same as the force of gravity you feel walking here on Earth.
The gravity of Neptune is only 17% stronger than Earth gravity. That's actually the closest to Earth gravity (one g) in the Solar System. Neptune has 17 times the mass of Earth, but also has almost 4 times larger. This means its greater mass is spread out over a larger volume, and down at the surface, the pull of gravity would be almost identical. Except for the part where you wouldn't stop sinking!
4. The Discovery of Neptune is Still a Controversy:
The first person to have seen Neptune was likely Galileo, who marked it as a star in one of his drawings. However, since he did not identify it as a planet, he is not credited with the discovery. That credit goes to French mathematician Urbain Le Verrier and the English mathematician John Couch Adams, both of whom predicted that a new planet – known as Planet X – would be discovered in a specific region of the sky.
When astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle actually found the planet in 1846, both mathematicians took credit for the discovery. English and French astronomers battled over who made the discovery first, and there are still defenders of each claim to this day. Today, the consensus among astronomers is that Le Verrier and Adams deserve equal credit for the discovery.
5. Neptune has the Strongest Winds in the Solar System:
Think a hurricane is scary? Imagine a hurricane with winds that go up to 2,100 km/hour. As you can probably imagine, scientists are puzzled how an icy cold planet like Neptune can get its cloud tops t0 move so fast. One idea is that the cold temperatures and the flow of fluid gasses in the planet's atmosphere might reduce friction to the point that it's easy to generate winds that move so quickly.
6. Neptune is the Coldest Planet in the Solar System:
At the top of its clouds, temperatures on Neptune can dip down to 51.7 Kelvin, or -221.45 degrees Celsius (-366.6 °F). That's almost three times the coldest temperature ever recorded here on Earth (-89.2°C; -129°F), which means that an unprotected human being would flash freeze in a second! Pluto gets colder, experiencing temperatures as low as 33 K (-240 °C/-400 °F). But then again, Pluto isn't a planet any more (remember?)
7. Neptune has Rings:
When people think of ring systems, Saturn is usually the planet that comes to mind. But would it surprise you to know that Neptune has a ring system as well? Unfortunately, it is rather difficult to observe compared to Saturn's bright, bold ring; which is why it is not so well-recognized. In total, Neptune has five rings, all of which are named after astronomers who made important discoveries about Neptune – Galle, Le Verrier, Lassell, Arago, and Adams.
These rings are composed of at least 20% dust (with some containing as much as 70%) which are micrometer-sized, similar to the particles that make up the rings of Jupiter. The rest of the ring materials consists of small rocks. The planet's rings are difficult to see because they are dark, which is likely due to the presence of organic compounds that have been altered due to exposition to cosmic radiation. This is similar to the rings of Uranus, but very different than the icy rings around Saturn.
It's believed that the rings of Neptune are relatively young – much younger than the age of the Solar System, and much younger than the age of Uranus' rings. Consistent with the theory that Triton was a Kuiper Belt Object (KBO) that was seized by Neptune's gravity (see below), they are believed to be the result of a collision between some of the planet's original moons.
8. Neptune Probably Captured its Largest Moon, Triton:
Neptune's largest Moon, Triton, circles Neptune in a retrograde orbit. That's means that it orbits the planet backwards relative to Neptune's other moons. This is seen as an indication that Neptune probably captured Triton – i.e. the moon didn't form in place like the rest of Neptune's moons. Triton is locked into a synchronous rotation with Neptune, and is slowly spiraling inward towards the planet.
At some point, billions of years from now, Triton will likely will be torn apart by Neptune's gravitational forces and become a magnificent ring around the planet. This ring will be pulled inward and crash into the planet. It is too bad that such an event will be happening so very long from now, because it would be amazing to watch!
9. Neptune has Only Been Visited up Close Once:
The only spacecraft that has ever visited Neptune was NASA's Voyager 2 spacecraft, which visited the planet during its Grand Tour of the Solar System. Voyager 2 made its Neptune flyby on August 25, 1989, passing within 3,000 km of the planet's North Pole. This was the closest approach to any object that Voyager 2 made since it was launched from Earth.
During its flyby, Voyager 2 studied Neptune's atmosphere, its rings, magnetosphere, and also conduct a close flyby of Triton. Voyager 2 also viewed Neptune's “Great Dark Spot“, the rotating storm system which has since disappeared, according to observations by the Hubble Space Telescope. Originally thought to be a large cloud itself, the information gathered by Voyager helped to shed light on the true nature of this phenomenon.
10. There are no Plans to Visit Neptune Again:
Voyager 2‘s amazing photographs of Neptune might be all we get for decades, as there are no firm plans to return to the Neptune system. However, a possible Flagship Mission has been envisioned by NASA to take place sometime during the late 2020s or early 2030s. For example, in 2003, NASA announced tentative plans to send a new Cassini-Huygens-style mission to Neptune, called the Neptune Orbiter.
Also described as a “Neptune Orbiter with Probes”, this spacecraft had a proposed launch date of 2016, and would arrive around Neptune by 2030. The proposed mission would go into orbit around the planet and study its weather, magnetosphere, ring system and moons. However, no information on this project has been forthcoming in recent years and it appears to have been scrapped.
Another, more recent proposal by NASA was for Argo – a flyby spacecraft that would be launched in 2019, which would visit Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune, and a Kuiper belt object. The focus would be on Neptune and its largest moon Triton, which would be investigated around 2029.
And these are just of the things that make Neptune such a fascinating planet, and one that is worthy of study. One can only hope that future missions will be launched to the outer Solar System that will be able to dig deeper into its many mysteries.
We have many interesting articles about Neptune here at Universe Today. Here is one about the Rings of Neptune, the Moons of Neptune, Who Discovered Neptune?, and Are There Oceans on Neptune?
If you'd like more information on Neptune, take a look at Hubblesite's News Releases about Neptune, and here's a link to NASA's Solar System Exploration Guide to Neptune.
Astronomy Cast has some interesting episodes about Neptune. You can listen here, Episode 63: Neptune and Episode 199: The Voyager Program.
Obama is an unprecedented threat to America. Romney is a precedented one.
As I have explained in The DIM Hypothesis, Obama is in essence a destroyer for the sake of destruction, a nihilist, the first such to become President. The object to be destroyed is America. Given the academic and popular support he has received, he has been able to pursue this goal methodically and, to many observers, with astonishing success.
Many evils are in store for us if Obama wins a second term, ranging from crippling taxation and Obamacare to the war on energy and the imminence of economic collapse. These are certainly legitimate concerns, but to my mind what is even more frightening is Obama's practice of ruling by executive order—that is, by moving into the legislative realm and instituting federal policies he himself approves, regardless of the ideas of Congress, and even in contradiction to established law (e.g., his latest edict on immigration). So far, most of these orders have been unchallenged by Capitol Hill's supine politicians. If this trend continues, it can lead ultimately only to the effective end of the legislative branch. Add in to this a couple of Obama-picked Supreme Court justices, who will effectively nullify the Court as a force restraining the President. What is left of checks and balances among the three elements of our government when two are no longer functional? An executive with unlimited power is the definition of a totalitarian leader.
Qua candidate, Romney by contrast is not moved by passion, of any kind, good or evil. He seems to hold no political convictions, to be a textbook example of a “moderate” Republican—pragmatic, appeasing, directionless, and therefore following along in the wake of the Establishment consensus. So he too would move the country in the direction of ever-increasing statism, as Republican administrations have always done. (While I approve of the selection of Ryan, I do not believe that an isolated subordinate can change the nature or results of an administration.)
Although both Obama and Romney will move us closer to dictatorship, there is a critical difference: time. Obama is not stumbling, but racing to his goal, and his pace can only increase in a second term, when keeping the public happy would no longer be an important concern to him. By contrast, though following the same road as Obama, Romney the pragmatist can't race to anything; since he moves by groping through compromises, he can only, perhaps unknowingly, amble with us to the cliff (no doubt, with some dashes now and then).
This difference in pace has profound practical implications. Within a decade or less, for example, it is quite possible that a nihilist assault on free speech, already visible, will gain some respectability and momentum, and in that way start to intimidate and silence any opposition. Whereas the Romneys won't get around to attacking the First Amendment for at least a generation, which gives us some time to try to educate the country.
The political choice in November is: non-entity vs. anti-entity. Or: a man who is nothing vs. a man who wants to mass-produce nothings. This, in my judgment, is an unanswerable reason to vote for Romney, no matter what the nature and quantity of his flaws. A man such as our current president is far more dangerous to the survival of the United States than any terrorists from the Mideast.
P.S. For the same reason, I intend to vote for whatever Republicans in my district are running for the House and the Senate. Republican control of at least one of these bodies, however weakened they have become, is still some restraint on Obama if he wins.
NEW DELHI: The elections for the Delhi assembly this February is the most awaited contest since the general elections in 2014.However, while opinion polls indicate a close a fight between AAP and BJP with the latest opinion poll conducted by ABP News-Nielsen even showing that AAP has increased its vote share by about 4% , it is interesting to note that the RIL-owned online media brand Firstpost too says that AAP is perhaps headed for a landslide win.In a post on the website, ' Paanch Saal Kejriwal: Aam Aadmi Party may be headed for a landslide win ', the First Post Editor, R Jaganathan says that Arvind Kejriwal, who seemed to get nothing right in the first half of last year has now reversed his slide, aided by the complete misreading of his challenge in Delhi by the BJP.
Even if you don't have a favored fighter in the browser wars , you have to admit Microsoft's Internet Explorer has been looking mighty unfit over the last few years. Younger and fitter contenders like Mozilla's Firefox and Google's Chrome have arguably overtaken the old stalwart, and now Microsoft is making some much-needed noise about fighting back. The software giant has been giving developers and curious journalists a very early peek into its IE 9 progress at PDC, with its stated ambitions including faster Javascript (see table above), HTML5 support, and hardware acceleration for web content. By harnessing DirectX and your graphics processor, the new browser will offer improvements in text readability and video performance, as well as taking some of the load off the CPU. Development has only just got under way, mind you, so there's still plenty of time to screw it all up. Or make it awesome.
New for Spring 2019
We have made some changes in the Counseling Center, to try to eliminate wait times and give better service to students.
The first thing to know is: Walk in hours are Monday - Friday from 8:00-4:30
Students who have never been to the Counseling Center may walk in and will be seen for a brief check in. In this check in a counselor will meet with you for 15 minutes or so, to gather the nature of your concerns. You and the counselor will determine what resources may be helpful and the counselor will facilitate your next steps.
Counselors may recommend a number of resources including group and/or individual counseling in the Counseling Center or with an off campus provider. Other options for help include online therapies, support services on campus such as advocates in Health Services, career counseling in the Career Center or financial advising in Financial Aid, for example.
If you need assistance after hours call 678-839-6428, press option 2, you will be connected to the on-call counselor.
The thing that hasn't changed in the Counseling Center is that all services are confidential and free of charge. #CounselorsCare #UwgCares #UWGSpeaks
Release date: April 2nd, 2017
William MacAskill
This episode introduces "moral uncertainty," the idea that you shouldn't be overly confident in your moral judgments -- like whether it's okay to eat meat, for example, or whether it's okay to abort a baby. The episode's guest is Will MacAskill, a founder of the effective altruism movement and Oxford professor of philosophy. Julia and Will discuss how to take multiple moral systems into account when making a decision, and how to deal with "absolutist" theories that insist some actions have infinite badness, like lying.
Will's Pick (in response to 'what's a book you disagree with but respect?'): "Anarchy, State, and Utopia" by Robert Nozick
Will's Other Pick: "Common Objections to Pascal's Wager" by Amanda Askell
Edited by Brent Silk
Music by Miracles of Modern Science
Full Transcripts
Here's the thing about the law—location matters.
John Oliver is being sued by Robert Murray, the head of a coal-based energy company and a recent subject of mockery on Oliver's Last Week Tonight. The case is set to go forward in West Virginia, where several of the companies technically suing Oliver are based.
This is bad for Oliver. Murray will enjoy home-field advantage in West Virginia despite the best efforts of the lawyers representing Oliver and HBO to move the case to federal court.
And if other recent high-profile cases are any guide, state courts are where media companies can be laid out.
When Hulk Hogan sued Gawker in 2012 for posting a clip of his sex tape, a U.S. District Court tossed the lawsuit pretty quickly. To most in the legal world, it was a relatively clear case of press freedoms based on the First Amendment, particularly since Hogan publicly discussed his sex life semi-regularly.
In a Florida state court, things went very differently. That court, helmed by a judge considered to be a right-wing activist and whose rulings have a tendency to be overturned, was located in Hogan's hometown. The result was a finding that sunk Gawker, which was the clear end goal of billionaire Peter Thiel, whose personal vendetta drove him to finance the lawsuit.
In wrestling parlance, Hogan effectively forced Gawker to tap out, causing the company to collapse before it could take the case to a higher court. That's a move Murray, who Oliver called a "geriatric Dr. Evil," hopes to copy.
Murray is suing Oliver and HBO for defamation for a segment on Last Week Tonight in which the host hurled a variety of insults mixed with facts alongside claims that a mine accident that killed nine people was the result of the company's practices rather than an earthquake. Murray is a particularly litigious person, having already sued the New York Times.
Oliver's segment can be found here, and really should be watched in full.
The bad news is that being in West Virginia is good for Murray, as Florida was for Hogan. Like Florida, West Virginia has no anti-SLAPP law, a tool other states have put in place to give defendants a way to fight back against lawsuits much like this one. These legal proceedings can cost heaps of time and money, forcing weaker defendants to settle regardless of the merit of the lawsuits. Anti-SLAPP laws are meant to provide a way out in these cases.
It's a perfect recipe for a pissed off billionaire to go after someone he doesn't like and do his best to cause financial burden—even if the case doesn't end up going the billionaire's way.
The good news is that this case—at least according to legal experts—won't get far. First Amendment lawyer Ken White called the lawsuits "frivolous and vexatious." The American Civil Liberties Union noted in an Amicus Brief filed on the case arguing there's almost no substance to this lawsuit.
Oliver's lawyers will look to get the case thrown out before it ever gets to a jury.
"Bob Murray thinks John Oliver was mean to him, and he doesn't want him to be mean again. While that is sad for Bob Murray, it is unconstitutional for a court to order such relief," the brief stated.
The lawyer who drafted the brief also felt confident enough to credit her cat with helping check her citations.
There's still danger. The insults hurled by Oliver won't end up mattering, but the part about the mine collapse just might prove enough to let the case move forward—and that could be enough to put Oliver and HBO in jeopardy.
Gawker's not the only media company that has recently been hit by a lawsuit that resulted in major damages. ABC paid out a $177 million settlement over its now-infamous "Pink Slime" report after the case ended up going to trial.
ABC might have won, but with a defendant playing on its home turf to a local jury, big payouts can suddenly seem like a smart business move.
"Say you think you have a 20 percent risk of the jury coming back with a $1 billion judgment, with years of attorney fees for appeal ahead to overturn that award," said Chip Stewart, a professor of media law at Texas Christian University. "At that point, $177 million starts looking pretty good."
This is the reality for media companies. Only two things need to go wrong—denial of access to a federal court and a judge that will allow a case to proceed to jury—for a relatively meritless case to result in a major settlement.
In this case, the first thing has already gone wrong, as the case is moving forward in West Virginia. If the judge in the case sees the earthquake issue as enough to move forward, the case could turn to a jury.
Oliver, HBO, and their lawyers will need to hope they can avoid that fate.
During their research for a new paper on quantum computing, HongWen Jiang, a UCLA professor of physics, and Joshua Schoenfield, a graduate student in his lab, ran into a recurring problem: They were so excited about the progress they were making that when they logged in from home to their UCLA desktop — which allows only one user at a time — the two scientists repeatedly knocked each other off of the remote connection.
The reason for their enthusiasm: Jiang and his team created a way to measure and control the energy differences of electron valley states in silicon quantum dots, which are a key component of quantum computing research. The technique could bring quantum computing one step closer to reality.
“It's so exciting,” said Jiang, a member of the California NanoSystems Institute. “We didn't want to wait until the next day to find out the outcome.”
Quantum computing could enable more complex information to be encoded on much smaller computer chips, and it holds promise for faster, more secure problem-solving and communications than today's computers allow.
In standard computers, the fundamental components are switches called bits, which use 0s and 1s to indicate that they are off or on. The building blocks of quantum computers, on the other hand, are quantum bits, or qubits.
The UCLA researchers' breakthrough was being able to measure and control a specific state of a silicon quantum dot, known as a valley state, an essential property of qubits. The research was published in Nature Communications.
“An individual qubit can exist in a complex wave-like mixture of the state 0 and the state 1 at the same time,” said Schoenfield, the paper's first author. “To solve problems, qubits must interfere with each other like ripples in a pond. So controlling every aspect of their wave-like nature is essential.”
Silicon quantum dots are small, electrically confined regions of silicon, only tens of nanometers across, that can trap electrons. They're being studied by Jiang's lab — and by researchers around the world — for their possible use in quantum computing because they enable scientists to manipulate electrons' spin and charge.
Besides electrons' spin and charge, another of their most important properties is their “valley state,” which specifies where an electron will settle in the non-flat energy landscape of silicon's crystalline structure. The valley state represents a location in the electron's momentum, as opposed to an actual physical location.
Scientists have realized only recently that controlling valley states is critical for encoding and analyzing silicon-based qubits, because even the tiniest imperfections in a silicon crystal can alter valley energies in unpredictable ways.
“Imagine standing on top of a mountain and looking down to your left and right, noticing that the valleys on either side appear to be the same but knowing that one valley was just 1 centimeter deeper than the other,” said Blake Freeman, a UCLA graduate student and co-author of the study. “In quantum physics, even that small of a difference is extremely important for our ability to control electrons' spin and charge states.”
At normal temperatures, electrons bounce around, making it difficult for them to rest in the lowest energy point in the valley. So to measure the tiny energy difference between two valley states, the UCLA researchers placed silicon quantum dots inside a cooling chamber at a temperature near absolute zero, which allowed the electrons to settle down. By shooting fast electrical pulses of voltage through them, the scientists were able to move single electrons in and out of the valleys. The tiny difference in energy between the valleys was determined by observing the speed of the electron's rapid switching between valley states.
After manipulating the electrons, the researchers ran a nanowire sensor very close to the electrons. Measuring the wire's resistance allowed them to gauge the distance between an electron and the wire, which in turn enabled them to determine which valley the electron occupied.
The technique also enabled the scientists, for the first time, to measure the extremely small energy difference between the two valleys — which had been impossible using any other existing method.
In the future, the researchers hope to use more sophisticated voltage pulses and device designs to achieve full control over multiple interacting valley-based qubits.
“The dream is to have an array of hundreds or thousands of qubits all working together to solve a difficult problem,” Schoenfield said. “This work is an important step toward realizing that dream.”
The research was supported by the U.S. Army Research Office.
As you may or may not be aware the team at Red Badger has been hard at work crafting away at the new Fortnum & Mason e-commerce website. It has also recently been nominated for the best customer experience award at the BT tech & ecom awards (https://techecommawards.retail-week.com/shortlist-2015). We have delivered the site from concept to live in just 8 months using agile and lean methods such as Kanban. One of the core concepts that compliments our Kanban approach when delivering features on the project is the ability to deploy without friction, confidently and multiple times a day.
Lets break this down and take a look from a high level what the process looks like.
Reduced Friction
You might recall I blogged about how we used GitFlow (http://red-badger.com/blog/2013/08/15/sprint-efficiently-with-github/) within our development team. In Fortnum & Mason and other projects we have recently moved to GitHub Flow (https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) mainly due to the recent supporting features implemented by GitHub.
The core principle is that the team pair programs on a feature branch. A pull request is then created with relevant specs, it then gets reviewed and collaborated on by the team. Once the feature branch runs all of the tests via CircleCI it can then be merged into master. Our master branch reflects production code always. We use CircleCI which executes our Ansible scripts for provisioning and deployment.
In Fortnum & Mason we have unit tests along with golden path journeys using Capybara that run using Chrome driver. These golden path specs are the core journeys that reflect if the site is transactional. Once all of the specs have passed the master branch is then deployed to our staging environment immediately ready for our QA to test.
If our QA is happy with the build then the QA will take ownership and tag a release via GitHub releases (https://github.com/blog/1547-release-your-software) stating what issues have been fixed as well as any new features added. The last part is to fill the release tag name with a semantic version (http://semver.org/) number. This gives us fantastic rolling documentation that at a glance everyone can see what changes have taken place. We are transparent with our clients as much as we can be and our product owner has access so can also take a look and really get a feel of what work has been completed day to day or even minute by minute.
Another tool widely used across Red Badger is Slack for company wide collaboration and communication. For this project we decided to setup hubot (https://hubot.github.com/), an automated bot that (mostly) obeys your commands. We added a couple of custom scripts that allows the QA or any of the team to deploy a release as and when necessary. It is as simple as a message @badgerbot fm list tags. Which lists the 5 latest tags in our repository. Once you have the tag you want you can deploy it using @badgerbot fm deploy v1.0.0. This causes a parameterised build (https://circleci.com/docs/parameterized-builds) within CircleCI to run the relevant Ansible scripts using the tag specified which then deploys into the production environment.
Increased Confidence
Our deployments already come with a high degree of confidence due to the development practices of pair programming, code review, specs and QA tested features / issues. But if something does go wrong in production we are safe in the knowledge that we will know about it immediately, how do we know… well in comes New Relic and a quick Red Badger service we hacked together in a few hours. The Fortnum & Mason site is rigged up all over with New Relic alerts and events throughout its codebase. Every instance, moving part and third party call has its instrumentation and performance tracked. CircleCI even tracks each deployment so we can quickly see any performance degrading for every deployment that goes out.
Another element we have in Fortnum & Mason is the ability to flip features on and off using a concept called feature flipping. This allows us to incrementally release larger features to select users, we can then ensure that we are confident it works as the code runs side by side against deployed production code. A good example is adding another payment provider such as PayPal, we can test run it in production with a few users to make sure everything integrates before switching it on to everyone. We can have fine grained control and can release it to the product owner, groups of users or even a random percentage of users.
This really helps the teams principle of always moving forward.
Here is a breakdown of the monitoring and alerting services we use and what for:
New Relic Application Performance Monitoring (APM)
Instrumentation, performance and error logging. Every server and third party performance call is logged and alerting is setup to inform of us of any bottlenecks and errors.
New Relic Synthetics
Continuous golden path testing to ensure the the site is always testing transactional flows. Selenium scripts using Chrome that run every 15 minutes to ensure core journeys on the site are operational.
New Relic Insights
Customer behaviour analytics as well as KPI. We log everything from delivery methods, revenue, average basket sizes and much more allowing us to analyse and test new assumptions to improve customer experience.
Red Badger Phone Alerting
Although not part of New Relic we hacked a service that accepts hooks from ZenDesk and New Relic. If any critical part of our monitoring raises a critical alert or email the service uses the Twilio API to phone a badger who is on 24/7 support.
Early and often
With all this in place we can be confident that fixing issues and deploying new features multiple times a day is second nature to the whole team. Deployments are not blocked by hefty deadlines and big ‘release planning' becomes a thing of the past. Just a quick review of the tagged release in Github by the team is all that is required. The other huge added benefit when deploying early and often is minimising risk of every deployment with ultimately smaller incremental changes.
So next time you are ‘release planning' ask yourself how confident, efficient and easy is it for you and your team to deploy multiple times a day.
Phoenix Suns guard John Jenkins goes up for a layup while being guarded by Washington Wizards Garrett Temple during a NBA game at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix on April 1, 2016. (Photo: Cheryl Evans/azcentral sports)
The Suns waived Archie Goodwin – a move they tried to avoid – to keep John Jenkins and filled out the roster with Derrick Jones Jr. – a move they did not see coming.
The Suns waited until after Monday's practice to make what General Manager Ryan McDonough called “really tough decisions” in setting a roster of 15 players, the NBA maximum, that was due 90 minutes after practice.
In the end, McDonough said they did not see a way Goodwin would play meaningful time in a fourth Suns season.
“We told Archie Goodwin and his agent at the end of last season that if there wasn't going to be an opportunity for him to play going into the last year of his deal, that we would try to help him get to a good spot,” McDonough said. “We explored some trade scenarios throughout the summer and into the fall. We tried to help him get elsewhere in a trade.“
Unable to fulfill a trade request from the Goodwin camp, the Suns waived the 22-year-old with Jenkins sliding into the role of third-string off-guard behind Devin Booker and Leandro Barbosa.
RELATED: Suns waive Archie Goodwin; keep Jenkins, Jones
The Suns, still more than $3 million below the league salary floor, are set to absorb Goodwin's $2.1 million salary because he is unlikely to be claimed off waivers. Every NBA team but Chicago went to the roster maximum Monday and teams have other options among waived guards, like Ronnie Price, R.J. Hunter, Gary Payton III and Pablo Prigioni.
“It's tough for us, for me personally,” said McDonough, who acquired Goodwin in a 2013 draft night deal. “We had him for over three years. He's improved as a player. He got a lot stronger. His shot has improved. He's still got some work to do with the shooting. He's really good in the open court. He's excellent in transition in getting to the rim. Sometimes, a fresh start for a young guy can be a good thing, especially when he's somewhat blocked like Archie was here. He's still so young (22) so I hope that other teams keep that in mind.”
While Goodwin was frustrated at times, Jenkins has been steadfast about wanting to be part of the Suns in any capacity. As he did in July, Jenkins again agreed this week to delay his contract guarantee date on a $1.05 million salary. This time, it was pushed to January.
Jenkins, who has 141 appearances in four seasons due to injuries, shot 40.6 percent from 3-point range in 22 appearances for the Suns after arriving in February.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
MORE: Devin Booker's roots inspired stardom| More Suns season preview
“He's just a guy that we think fits well with how we're going to play in terms of trying to spread the floor, trying to move the ball around the perimeter and as a guy who can keep defenses honest and knock down shots," McDonough said. "John's the consummate professional. He's off the charts in terms of his work ethic, in terms of working before and after practices. He's probably one of the best in the league with how he carries himself and his professionalism.”
Jones' route to the roster started when the Suns invited him to training camp as an undrafted rookie out of Nevada-Las Vegas, where his career was cut unexpectedly short by a dismissed ACT score in March. The Suns considered him to be a “longshot” but planned to place him with their D-League affiliate.
Then, they saw more of the 6-foot-7, 19-year-old small forward's astounding athleticism, 7-foot wingspan, defensive potential, decent jump shot and ideal approach.
Even a chance that Jones could be claimed by another team if they waived him was enough for the Suns to give him the final roster spot. He agreed to a four-year contract that could be worth as much as $3.63 million but has nothing guaranteed beyond $42,500 of his $543,471 rookie salary.
RELATED: Suns welcome Jones' unexpected NBA detour
“It's likely that he will spend a good portion of the year in Prescott Valley anyway with the NAZ Suns,” McDonough said. “We liked what we saw from him as a 6-7, 19-year-old guy with great length and athleticism. He just had limited opportunity to play in the preseason but I thought he did pretty well in the two games he got into. We're intrigued by his size and length and bounce and potential.”
McDonough likes the positional balance of the roster better than recent seasons. It potentially can better withstand injuries and foul issues to a 10-man rotation with a third-team squad now featuring Tyler Ulis, Jenkins, Jones, Alan Williams and Dragan Bender or Marquese Chriss.
On Monday, the Suns also picked up 2017-18 team options in the contracts for Booker (third year, $2.32 million) and T.J. Warren (fourth year, $3.15 million).
Reach Paul Coro at paul.coro@arizonarepublic.com or (602) 444-2470. Follow him at twitter.com/paulcoro.
Feb 3, 2015; Madison, WI, USA; Wisconsin Badgers mascot Bucky Badger give a thumbs up as he entertains the crowd during the game with the Indiana Hoosiers at the Kohl Center. Wisconsin defeated Indiana 92-78. Mandatory Credit: Mary Langenfeld-USA TODAY Sports
Wisconsin Football: Reaction From Badgers First Spring Practice in Pads by Jim Oxley
A few Wisconsin women's hockey players helped Team USA to a first round win in the IIHF
The United States women's hockey team opened play in the 2016 International Ice Hockey Federation World Championships, and thanks to several former Wisconsin women's hockey players, earned a 3-1 win over Canada in the opening round late Monday night.
Former Badgers star Hilary Knight scored a pair of goals, former Badger Brianna Decker scored a goal and former Badgers goalie Alex Rigsby earned the victory as Team USA scored all three goals in the final period to emerge victorious.
Team USA went scoreless through the first two periods, despite having power play opportunities early on.
Team Canada took the lead very early in the third period on a Laura Fortino shot that went over Rigsby.
Team USA answered back, equalizing with 10 minutes left on the clock as Monique Lamoureux found Knight, who put one by Canadian goaltender Emerance Maschmeyer to tie the game.
Later in the period, Team USA took a 2-1 lead when Lamoureux sent a shot on goal during a power play, and Decker cleaned up the miss to give Team USA a one-goal lead with six minutes remaining.
That one goal lead was all they would need, but Knight punctuated the victory with an empty-netter as the final seconds ticked away.
Thanks for staying up to cheer us on. Solid team win. And how about @aRigs33 between the pipes?! Siick #WomensWorlds pic.twitter.com/uNhZ01tC3q — Hilary Knight (@Hilary_Knight) March 29, 2016
Team USA coach Ken Klee said the team was able to settle down after the slow start and pull out the victory in the final period.
“We got past some early jitters and beared down during the course of the game. We earned the win and will look to get better as the tournament progresses.”
Former Badger Rigsby earned the victory in the net, notching 22 saves on 23 Canada shots on goal. Decker added an assist to her game-winning goal, while Kinght finished with Team USA's other two goals.
Team USA plays again today, March 29, against Finland. The game begins at 5:30 p.m. CT.
Here's a survival tip for living in the big city: Don't breathe.
Researchers at NYU's medical school said that merely inhaling New York's air can increase your risk of stroke by contributing to a deadly artery constriction.
“Our study adds to the growing body of evidence that air pollution is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease,” said Jonathan Newman, a cardiologist at NYU's Langone Medical Center.
“It shows that a person's cardiovascular risk is not only associated with their genes, health behaviors and lifestyle choices — it also depends, to some extent, on the world we live in and the air we breathe.”
Newman was the lead author on a study titled “Particulate Air Pollution and Carotid Artery Stenosis,” which focused on air quality in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
The study focused on 300,000 area residents and the levels of pollution in each person's home ZIP code based on air quality measurements collected by the US Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2008.
The analysis revealed that residents living in ZIP codes with the most air pollution had a 24 percent greater risk of artery constriction than those living with less air pollution in their neighborhoods.
The analysis excluded people with known carotid disease and adjusted for age, demographics, medical history and median household income.
The research focused on a type of pollution known as fine particulate matter, which stems largely from combustion-related sources, such as car exhaust and the burning of coal or wood.
“If you're in good health, the level of air pollution we see in most parts of the United States probably doesn't pose a significant health risk to you,” Newman said.
“But for people who are very young, very old or have other medical problems, air pollution could be a significant source of cardiovascular disease risk.”
Carotid artery stenosis is linked to more than half of strokes in the United States.
And indoor and outdoor air pollution is linked to about 8 million premature deaths from respiratory and other diseases each year worldwide, according to the World Health Organization.
The NYU findings also point to air pollution as a potential factor in why some people, such as those with diabetes, might be more susceptible to cardiovascular problems than others.
Newman said people with cardiovascular risk factors such as smoking, high blood pressure and high cholesterol should limit their time outdoors when pollution levels are high.
He also stressed the importance of drawing attention to strategies to reduce air pollution.
Frank Howarth used the construction of this outdoor chair as the focal point for a recent stop-motion animation that tickles the soul and boggles the mind.
Just the other day, a Shop Talk Live listener by the name of “Tuck” wrote me, suggesting that I have a look at a woodworking video by furniture maker Frank Howarth. The stop motion animation, shot with a conventional digital SLR camera, shows the entire construction process for an outdoor chair of Howarth's design. What makes this short film unique however, is the fact that not once in the entire piece, is a woodworker, or even a hand, seen in a shot. A pencil line magically appears on a board, a circular saw makes its way down a board for a smooth rip cut, heck, even the finish is applied by a phantom.
Howarth uses a Canon 5D slr set atop a tripod. A wireless shutter release is used to capture each frame. As he explains it in his subsequent behind-the-scenes video, the key here is never to touch the camera. The mere tapping of an index finger on the camera's shutter release is enough to throw off an entire shot–thus the wireless, electronic release.
I cannot imagine how much time this 10-minute video took to produce but I'm certainly glad it was made. Here's to ingenuity, artistic talent, and good old-fashioned woodworking chutzpah!
H/T Tucker!
Building a Lawn Chair
The Making of the Lawn Chair Stop-Motion Animation
Frank Howarth shares his technique for producing what I've dubbed the “phantom woodworker.”
https://youtube.com/watch?v=ALjdGFDLpYI%3Flist%3DUU3_VCOJMaivgcGqPCTePLBA
Sign up for eletters today and get the latest techniques and how-to from Fine Woodworking, plus special offers. Sign Up
Indoor air pollution and household energy: the forgotten 3 billion
Around 3 billion people still cook using solid fuels (such as wood, crop wastes, charcoal, coal and dung) and kerosene in open fires and inefficient stoves. Most of these people are poor, and live in low- and middle-income countries.
These cooking practices are inefficient, and use fuels and technologies that produce high levels of household air pollution with a range of health-damaging pollutants, including small soot particles that penetrate deep into the lungs. In poorly ventilated dwellings, indoor smoke can be 100 times higher than acceptable levels for fine particles. Exposure is particularly high among women and young children, who spend the most time near the domestic hearth.
Impacts on health
3.8 million people a year die prematurely from illness attributable to the household air pollution caused by the inefficient use of solid fuels and kerosene for cooking. Among these 3.8 million deaths:
27% are due to pneumonia
18% from stroke
27% from ischaemic heart disease
20% from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
8% from lung cancer.
Pneumonia
Exposure to household air pollution almost doubles the risk for childhood pneumonia and is responsible for 45% of all pneumonia deaths in children less than 5 years old. Household air pollution is also risk for acute lower respiratory infections (pneumonia) in adults, and contributes to 28% of all adult deaths to pneumonia.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
One in four or 25% of premature deaths from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in adults in low- and middle-income countries are due to exposure to household air pollution. Women exposed to high levels of indoor smoke are more than two times as likely to suffer from COPD than women who use cleaner fuels and technologies. Among men (who already have a heightened risk of COPD due to their higher rates of smoking), exposure to household air pollution nearly doubles that risk.
Stroke
12% of all premature deaths due to stroke can be attributed to the daily exposure to household air pollution arising from cooking with solid fuels and kerosene.
Ischaemic heart disease
Approximately 11% of all deaths due to ischaemic heart disease, accounting for over a million premature deaths annually, can be attributed to exposure to household air pollution.
Lung cancer
Approximately 17% of premature lung cancer deaths in adults are attributable to exposure to carcinogens from household air pollution caused by cooking with kerosene or solid fuels like wood, charcoal or coal. The risk for women is higher, due to their role in food preparation.
Other health impacts and risks
More generally, small particulate matter and other pollutants in indoor smoke inflame the airways and lungs, impairing immune response and reducing the oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood.
There is also evidence of links between household air pollution and low birth weight, tuberculosis, cataract, nasopharyngeal and laryngeal cancers.
Mortality from ischaemic heart disease and stroke are also affected by risk factors such as high blood pressure, unhealthy diet, lack of physical activity and smoking. Some other risks for childhood pneumonia include suboptimal breastfeeding, underweight and second-hand smoke. For lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, active smoking and second-hand tobacco smoke are also main risk factors.
Impacts on health equity, development and climate change
Without a substantial policy change, the total number of people lacking access to clean fuels and technologies will remain largely unchanged by 2030 (International Energy Agency, 2017 (1)) and therefore hinder the achievement of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
Fuel gathering increases the risk of musculoskeletal damage, consumes considerable time for women and children, limits other productive activities (such as income generation) and takes children away from school. In less secure environments, women and children are at risk of injury and violence during fuel gathering.
Black carbon (sooty particles) and methane emitted by inefficient stove combustion are powerful climate change pollutants.
Many of the fuels and technologies used by households for cooking, heating and lighting present safety risks. The ingestion of kerosene is the leading cause of childhood poisonings, and a large fraction of the severe burns and injuries occurring in low- and middle-income countries are linked to household energy use for cooking, heating and/or lighting.
The lack of access to electricity for 1 billion people (many of whom then use kerosene lamps for lighting) exposes households to very high levels of fine particulate matter. The use of polluting lighting fuels introduces other health risks, such as burns, injuries, poisonings, and constrains other opportunities for health and development, like studying or engaging in small crafts and trades, which require adequate lighting.
WHO response
WHO provides technical support to countries in their own evaluations and scale-up of health-promoting household fuels and technologies. WHO is building capacity at the country and regional level to address household air pollution through direct consultations and workshops on household energy and health. This is further complemented by the ongoing development of the Clean Household Energy Solutions Toolkit (CHEST) to support the implementation of WHO Guidelines for indoor air quality: household fuel combustion. CHEST is a suite of tools and information resources that help countries identify stakeholders working on household energy and/or public health to design, implement and monitor policies addressing household energy.
Guidelines for indoor air quality: household fuel combustion
To ensure healthy air in and around the home, WHO's Guidelines for indoor air quality: household fuel combustion provide health-based recommendations on the types of fuels and technologies to protect health as well as strategies for the effective dissemination and adoption of such home energy technologies. These build upon existing WHO outdoor air quality guidelines and WHO guidance on levels of specific indoor pollutants.
Household energy database
The WHO Household energy database is used to monitor global progress in the transition to cleaner fuels and stove combinations in households. It also supports assessments of disease burden from the household air pollution generated from the use of polluting fuel and technologies. Currently the database includes housing data from more than 1100 surveys, representing 157 countries. It has been expanded to include information on household fuels and technologies used for heating and lighting.
As the custodial agency for Sustainable Development Goal Indicator 3.9.1 (mortality rate from the joint effects of household and ambient air pollution) and 7.1.2 (population with primary reliance on clean fuels and technologies), WHO uses the Household energy database to derive estimates for tracking progress towards achieving universal clean energy access and related health impacts.
Research and programme evaluation
WHO is working with countries, researchers and other partners to harmonize methods of evaluation across settings so that health impacts are assessed consistently and rigorously and incorporate economic assessment of health benefits.
Leadership and advocacy in the health, energy and climate community
Health sector
In May 2015, the World Health Assembly unanimously adopted a resolution on air pollution and health, calling for the integration of health concerns into national, regional and local air pollution-related policies. The following year, the World Health Assembly adopted a “Roadmap for Enhanced Action,” calling for increased cross-sector cooperation to address the health risks of air pollution.
Building on this mandate, WHO is working to integrate guidance and resources for supporting clean household energy into global health initiatives and decision-support tools, such as the Global Action Plan for Pneumonia and Diarrheal Disease (GAPPD), or Global Strategy for Women and Children's Health, as well as into other aspects of WHO's own health policy guidance. WHO emphasizes the compelling health arguments for cleaner household energy in a range of global forums addressing maternal and child health issues related to pneumonia as well as forums concerned with noncommunicable diseases. This advocacy can help increase awareness of the importance of providing and scaling up of cleaner household energy as a core preventive public health measure.
Health and climate change
WHO is a partner of the Climate and Clean Air Coalition to Reduce Short-Lived Climate Pollutants (CCAC). As a member of the CCAC's health task force, WHO is providing technical support for harnessing health benefits from actions to reduce short-lived climate pollutants, and working to scale up health sector engagement to address such pollutants and improve air quality.
Health, energy and sustainable development
Reductions in air pollution-related disease burden (both for household and outdoor) will be used to monitor the progress towards attaining the Sustainable Development Goal on Health (SDG 3).
Ensuring universal access to clean fuel and technologies is a target of the Sustainable Development Goal on energy (SDG 7). Achieving this goal could prevent millions of deaths and improve the health and well-being of the billions of people relying on polluting technologies and fuels for cooking, heating and lighting.
To better assess the health risks of household energy use, as well as differentiated gender impacts from household energy practices, WHO is leading an effort with countries and surveying agencies (e.g. USAID's DHS, UNICEF'S MICS, World Bank's LSMS) to enhance, harmonize and pilot questions for national censuses and surveys. The effort will ensure that surveys better capture information on all the fuels and technologies used in the home for cooking, heating and lighting, as well as other impacts like time lost to fuel collection disaggregated by sex.
WHO also supports international initiatives to improve air pollution and related health impacts such as the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves and the Climate Clean Air Coalition.
(1) WEO-2017 Special Report: Energy Access Outlook, International Energy Agency, 2017 (https://webstore.iea.org/weo-2017-special-report-energy-access-outlook)
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement
Barcelona midfielder Jonathan dos Santos has been left out of Mexico's 23-man final squad for this summer's World Cup in South Africa.
The 20-year-old made his Barcelona debut this season, as the club secured a second successive La Liga title.
Dos Santos' older brother Giovani, currently on loan at Galatasaray from Tottenham, is selected in the squad.
Strikers Carlos Vela of Arsenal and Guillermo Franco, who was recently released by West Ham, are included.
Javier Hernandez, who is set to join Manchester United this summer, provides coach Javier Aguirre with yet further attacking options.
WORLD CUP PHOTO ALBUM Do you have a photo with yourself and a star from Mexico? Send us your photos to be in our World Cup Photo Album!
But he will have to do without Morelia striker Miguel Sabah, who did not make the initial 26-man provisional squad as he struggles to recover from a tendon injury in his leg.
Dos Santos' exclusion means Aguirre's squad contains only five recognised midfielders.
However, defender Rafael Marquez, a team-mate of Dos Santos' at the Nou Camp can play in midfield if required.
Mexico, who are preparing for the World Cup in Germany, are in Group A with hosts South Africa, Uruguay and France.
Mexico squad:
Goalkeepers: Memo Ochoa (America), Luis Ernesto Michel (Chivas), Oscar Perez (Chiapas)
Defenders: Rafael Marquez (Barcelona), Ricardo Osorio (Stuttgart), Hector Moreno (AZ Alkmmar), Francisco Rodriguez (PSV Eindhoven), Carlos Salcido (PSV Eindhoven), Paul Aguilar (Pachuca), Efrain Juarez (Pumas UNAM)
Midfielders: Jonny Magallon (Guadalajara), Jorge Torres Nilo (Atlas), Gerardo Torrado (Cruz Azul), Israel Castro (Pumas UNAM), Andres Guardado (Deportivo La Coruna)
Forwards: Pablo Barrera (Pumas UNAM), Adolfo Bautista (Guadalajara), Alberto Medina (Guadalajara), Cuauhtemoc Blanco (Veracruz), Javier Hernandez (Guadalajara), Giovani dos Santos (Galatasaray), Guillermo Franco (West Ham), Carlos Vela (Arsenal).
The Liberal Party marketed a recent $1,500 per ticket fundraiser with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as an opportunity for donors to "form relationships and open dialogues with our government" and to network with other wealthy business executives.
It is the federal party's first written acknowledgment that Liberal cash-for-access fundraisers are more than just partisan functions but a place to network and discuss business in the Prime Minister's presence.
The Sept. 14 event was at the Montreal home of former Liberal senator Leo Kolber, who was a chief Liberal fundraiser for Pierre Trudeau and Jean Chrétien. Montreal billionaire Stephen Bronfman, who now heads fundraising for the Liberal Party, was the co-host, along with high-tech entrepreneur Ari Himmel.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Opposition parties urge federal watchdogs to probe Liberal fundraisers
Read more: Influential Chinese-Canadians paying to attend private fundraisers with Trudeau
Globe editorial: Justin Trudeau didn't invent cash-for-access, but he can end it
Mr. Himmel sent e-mails to potential donors in early September, talking up the importance of having quality time with Mr. Trudeau at the exclusive cocktail reception in Montreal's Westmount suburb.
"Your participation and contribution is deeply appreciated," he wrote on Sept. 6. "Everyone knows how important it is for our generation to have a strong showing so that our issues are heard and that we begin to form relationships and open dialogues with our government."
He added that "it's going to be a great night as well as a wonderful networking opportunity for everyone."
In an e-mail exchange, Mr. Himmel told one potential donor, entrepreneur Sylvie Leduc, the Trudeau event was a perfect opportunity for her to seek investors for her struggling IT business venture.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Leduc, a Liberal Party volunteer, had a proposal before the federal government at the time, and politely declined to attend, largely due to the ticket price.
"As a bootstrapping IT start-up trying to make inroads with the Trudeau government to structure PPP [private public partnerships] to implement a business intelligence solution to optimize the administrative and financial management of defined benefits, I will unfortunately have to decline as the requested amount is a tad too steep for the time being," she wrote in an e-mail to Mr. Himmel.
He replied: "Since you are on the look-out for investors/partners I would suggest considering this event as there will be a lot of networking going on. Also keep in mind you get half your donation back when you file your taxes."
Ms. Leduc told The Globe and Mail federal bureaucrats rejected her proposal, and she now wonders if she should have paid the $1,500 entry fee to get some time with Mr. Trudeau or some of the rich business people at the reception.
"Now in retrospect maybe I should have taken the easy route and just gone to the cocktail [reception] and mingle and be nice and pretty and I wouldn't be sitting here where I am now three or four months later," she said. "From a moral perspective, to be honest with you, I am not sure."
The Globe contacted Mr. Himmel for comment, and he promised to return the telephone call but failed to do so.
Story continues below advertisement
In his first e-mail to potential donors in mid-August, Mr. Himmel said those who wrote a cheque for $1,500 for the Sept. 14 fundraiser would become members of the exclusive Laurier Club. "Your donation of $1,500 per person to the Liberal Party of Canada will ensure that we are able to stay at the forefront of modern campaigning."
Laurier Club membership would entitle donors to "roundtable discussions with leading members of the Liberal team, a summer garden party in Ottawa and a winter holiday cocktail." Canadians aged 35 or younger had to pay only $750 to attend the Trudeau reception and sign up as Laurier Club members. Donors of all ages can pay for membership in monthly instalments.
"From a social-justice perspective and from a party that wants to help the middle class and the ones wanting to get there, you know, I don't think a lot of people can afford $1,500," Ms. Leduc said.
Since The Globe first reported on the Liberal cash-for-access fundraisers on Oct. 19, the Liberal Party has maintained that the events are strictly partisan affairs and government business is not discussed.
Party-fundraising guidelines for cabinet ministers state that "any individual who wishes to initiate a policy discussion is immediately redirected to instead make an appointment with the relevant office" and " fundraising events are partisan functions where we do not discuss government business."
In the Commons, the opposition parties continued to hound the government to stop fundraisers at which Mr. Trudeau and senior cabinet ministers are the star attractions.
Story continues below advertisement
"Mr. Speaker, the Prime Minister's cash-for-access events are not open and transparent. They are hidden and they are secretive," Interim Conservative Leader Rona Ambrose said. "Guests have plainly said at several fundraisers the Prime Minister openly discussed government business they were seeking his support for."
She asked if Mr. Trudeau had ever discussed government business "with someone who paid the Liberal Party to meet with him to seek his support on a topic that benefits them directly."
Government House Leader Bardish Chagger did not answer the question, instead repeating what the government has been saying for weeks.
"When it comes to the rules around fundraising, they are the most open and transparent and they are the strictest across the country," she replied.
NDP Leader Tom Muclair raised the issue of B.C. multimillionaire Miaofei Pan, host of a $1,500-per-ticket event on Nov. 7 for more than 80 people at his West Vancouver home at which Mr. Trudeau was the prize guest.
Mr. Pan told The Globe in an interview last week that he spoke to Mr. Trudeau about Chinese investment in seniors' care and land development as well as making it easier for rich immigrants to come to Canada.
Story continues below advertisement
"Now we learn that this same individual was personally invited by the Prime Minister to meet the Chinese Premier, and as a result he accepted to hold a Liberal fundraiser," Mr. Mulcair told the House.
Mr. Mulcair was referring to a story in a newspaper in Wenzhou, China, that quoted Mr. Pan as saying Mr. Trudeau invited him to dinner in Ottawa in honour of Premier Li Keqiang in September, and that he invited the Prime Minister to his house.
"He invited me to attend the welcome dinner for Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, I immediately invited him [Trudeau] back to my home in Vancouver when he is available, and he readily said yes," Mr. Pan is quoted as saying in the Wenzhou News.
The Liberal Party denied there was any quid pro quo, saying the location of the Nov. 7 fundraiser was not decided upon until late October.
When the latest attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act — the Graham-Cassidy bill — failed before reaching the Senate last week, many people were left wondering how the health care debate will move forward. If the past few months are any indication, the answer is nowhere.
Congress is so divided on health care that the passage of meaningful legislation on the matter is becoming more and more of a pipe dream. Republicans have campaigned on the idea of repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act since it was first implemented seven years ago. However, even upon winning the presidency and a majority in both chambers of Congress, they have been unable to fulfill this promise. They have made three repeal attempts since January, each one more desperate than the last, and each one has failed.
In each case, a few Republicans — Senators John McCain, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, and Rand Paul — were not willing to get on board. During the first two attempts, Murkowski cited the cutting of Medicare in her home state of Alaska as the reason for her opposition. Collins, from Maine, opposed cuts to Medicaid and diminishing protections for those with pre-existing conditions, as well as rising premiums and falling coverage rates that would result from the bill. McCain, for his part, felt that the bills were rushed, and that Congress needed to return to regular order and take adequate time to discuss and analyze important legislative decisions.
These three Republican Senators — joined by Paul of Kentucky — were the reason for the downfall of the third main repeal attempt, the Graham-Cassidy bill. Paul opposed Graham-Cassidy because he felt that it was “Obamacare-lite,” and that it did not do enough to repeal the ACA.
Now that Republicans have missed their chance to pass health care reform through a simple majority vote, they will be forced to work across the aisle and scrap any plans that will not pick up enough Democratic support. Democrats have been very unified in their opposition to bills that Republicans have proposed thus far, but it is unclear how, exactly, they want to move forward.
One-third of Senate Democrats have put their support behind Senator Bernie Sanders' proposed Medicare For All Program, while the other two-thirds of Senate Democrats favor more incremental improvements to the ACA, rather than a complete revamping of it.
This gridlock on health care is unlikely to end any time soon, but senators on both sides of the aisle should seriously consider Sanders' Medicare For All plan. When it comes to health care, partisanship should be an afterthought, while the well-being of Americans should be the priority. Sanders' plan puts lives before profits and ensures that everyone — regardless of age or medical condition — will have access to health care.
The current high-profit health care insurance industry is not what is best for Americans. When insurance companies profit off of health care, they are incentivized to discourage people who are more likely to get sick from getting insured. Also, they are less likely to collaborate on medical advancements, because other companies are their competitors. The system, as it is, has put us in a situation in which tens of millions of Americans do not have health care. In a country with so much wealth, we cannot stand for this.
A single-payer system should be adopted to create a process through which the government would be in charge of financing health care while the actual facilitation of medical services would still be within the private domain. If this single-payer model were to pass, it would mean that everyone would have health insurance, could choose any doctor's office, and receive whatever treatment they need. Although this plan might seem like a fantasy, it would be following in the footsteps of Canada and the United Kingdom, among other nations — by treating health care as a right instead of a privilege.
The good news for progressives that favor this plan is that each 2020 Democratic frontrunner — including Senators Kirsten Gillibrand, Corey Booker, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, and Sanders — has advocated for it. If Democrats are able to regain control of Congress in 2018, and maintain it in 2020, we may start to see a more compassionate, effective approach to health care in our government.
Editor's Note: This op-ed appears in a weekly forum feature, which consists entirely of guest submissions. This op-ed appears is a series of forum columns regarding Student Government at UT.
Last year, The Daily Texan wrote about us saying, “We cannot take them seriously until they take themselves seriously.” We promise we've changed. We now take ourselves VERY seriously.
Student Government is the official (auto-tuned) voice of the student body, and we are T-Pain and Kanye West in the 2007 hit single “Good Life.” Just like T-Pain and Kanye West, we've also debuted 63rd on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. Our life philosophy follows that of Timon and Pumbaa from “Lion King 1½” in that we both want to be a meerkat and warthog and eat bugs all day.
We spent the summer trying to figure out exactly what Student Government is. We still haven't figured it out quite yet, but we're beginning to think it's an elaborate Ponzi scheme. Besides that, we also worked on a few initiatives that were hopefully successful enough to talk about at our next private equity hedge fund investment banking business analyst job interview.
When we were first elected, so many were quick to say that we wouldn't get anything done. People often said that we were going to destroy the University — which we probably did a little bit. People were also quick to point out that our lack of Student Government experience would hinder our performance. Just remember, not a single U.S. president has ever served in UT Student Government in any capacity, and look where they ended up.
So if you are interested in some of the stuff we accomplished this summer (i.e. want to hear us brag a bit), continue on.
We got J2 to be open 30 minutes later than usual so that you can eat your unlimited mac-and-cheese for 1,800 more seconds every night. Thirty minutes doesn't seem like much, but if you really think about it, the entire inflationary epoch of the universe following the Big Bang lasted about 10-33 seconds, which means J2 will now be open for what is equivalent to an extra 1.8x1036 inflationary epochs of the universe following the Big Bang.
We also deputized about 30 Resident Assistants and professional staff. We'll be holding voter registration drives across campus so that we can register your pretty faces to vote. Civic participation is important, or this would all be one big dystopian anarchist playground (aka a country where Donald Trump is president).
We secured funding so that the FAC can be open 24 hours, 5 days of the week and then 24/7 after Thanksgiving break. Either way, you should really develop some better study habits so you're not up doing O-Chem at 5 in the morning.
Over the summer, we both became ordained ministers ($38 with the Universal Life Church) with the intent of officiating weddings and renewing vows of married students on campus. We look forward to pronouncing you all RotMan and RotWife. Please let us know if you require our services, or else our master's degrees in divinity will have gone to waste.
Jefferson Davis has come down. The statue is moving to a museum. That's really about it. Please leave us and our families alone.
Anyway, we've had a really busy and fruitful summer. Now we are going to take things as they come. What does that mean? We don't exactly know. It probably means more fun things like silly videos and getting ready for our 2016 presidential campaign (we will be caucusing with the Modern Whig Party). This brings to mind a great existential question German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche once posed: “I got money in the bank. Shawty, whatchu think?” Basically, we got a lot more done this summer than we expected, so now we have to figure out what to do with all this time. Feel free to reach out to us with any suggestions and/or goulash recipes.
We hope this year's Daily Texan Editorial Board likes us more than last year's Editorial Board. As we promised everyone after we won, we'll continue to take our jobs seriously, but we will never take ourselves seriously. RotMan 4evr.
Rotnofsky and Mandalapu are both Plan II seniors.
Sometimes, it's difficult to pick out what an album is trying to say, its overall theme clouded by vague lyrics difficult to discern and as a result, makes the album incoherent. That's not the case with indie-pop band For Everest's first album We Are At Home In The Body, which releases July 29 via Broken World Media.
The album chronicles the experiences of being a bipolar, non-binary woman, as well as the universal fears of love, death, and loss. At times, the lyrics can be a little on point, but no less poetic and lovely. However, it's lead vocalist Sarah Cowell's commanding presence throughout the entire album that drives home the emotions, vulnerability, power, and humanity in each song. The album goes from loud, rock n roll pop like the first song “Reasons #2-7” to slower, contemplative songs such as “Vitamins” and “The Body” and finally to the seven minute long anthem “50/50” to close it all out. It's a powerful album, one which I think would be a crime if you missed out on.
It's clear there's a message within We Are At Home In The Body, which Cowell spells out beautifully here: “The two anthems of this record are the title, “We Are At Home In The Body,” and the repeated “I don't want a body.” This duality represents living with mental illness, bad relationships, and gender dysphoria. Bouncing between high functioning and manic depression completely changes your worldview, and I aim to explore that dichotomy through my lyrics.”
Notable songs: “I'm in a Boxcar Buried Inside,” “Autonomy,” “Slurpee Pt. 1,” and “Slurpee Pt. 2.” But that's already four out of the 9 songs, so guess you'll have to listen to the whole thing, which you can do below.
Tour Dates
8/12 Winchester, VA @ Valley Cat
8/13 Baltimore, MD
8/14 Pittsburgh, PA @ City Grows
8/15 Akron, OH @ It's a Kling Thing!
8/16 Detroit, MI @ The Sanctuary Detroit
8/18 Williamsport, PA — TBA
8/19 Philadelphia, PA @ Smokey's Regal Estate
8/20 Brooklyn, NY @ The Barbershop
8/21 New Haven, CT @ Lyric Hall
8/22 Montclair, NJ — TBA
We Are At Home In The Body is available for preorder now.
The Culprits
http://www.saw5.com
Maybe when you click that link, you can view any of the trailers you want to see. I get INSTANTLY redirected to their page warning me I don't have Flash.
Well that's interesting. I swear, I was just on Youtube, maybe 12 seconds ago? To even further the dilemma I face, I actually visited their site by clicking a FLASH BANNER I saw on IMDB. If I really didn't have Flash, I would have never been able to click that advertisement.
In fact, what's the point of warning me I don't have Flash and then preventing me from seeing any content? Can't they just let me take the gigantic risk and view the site, while still acknowledging their very helpful warning?
What's the point of even warning me? Let's assume I don't have the Flash plugin installed. Okay, let's pull up a very popular site that I am more likely to view than the Saw 5 website. Youtube. I go to Youtube. Hey, this video isn't loading, but there's a warning from my browser that will clear it up for me by installing this plugin. Okay, it's installed. I should be fine now.
The browser will take care of installing Flash. It has for YEARS now, and will continue to do so. I don't need some movie trailer site informing me that I don't have Flash. If you did not have Flash by the time you visited saw5.com, chances are you are well aware of that. You've either decided to not install Flash at all, or can't get the piece of crap working yet.
For the record, the Saw 4 website doesn't have this "feature" and I can view all of the wonderful Flash content.
Forty years ago, LSD was used in the treatment of alcoholics - with good results. Perhaps it's time to look at it again?
In the 1950s, '60s and '70s, researchers in many places in the world experimented with LSD in the treatment of various disorders, including alcoholism. Not all experiments were scientifically tenable by today's standards, but some were. Now Teri Krebs and Pål-Ørjan Johansen, researchers at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), have taken a closer look at these experiments.
The results of all of these studies pointed in the same direction, which Krebs and Johansen say is quite clear: A single dose of LSD, provided for treatment purposes, helped heavy alcoholics and made it less likely that they would relapse.
"There has long been a need for better treatments for addiction. We think it is time to look at the use of psychedelics in treating various conditions," the researchers say.
536 alcoholics
The Norwegian researchers found six different studies of LSD and alcoholism that were scientifically sound, in which patients were randomly assigned, as if by tossing a coin, to receive either LSD or a comparison treatment. They combined all the data from these studies, involving a total of 536 people - the first such rigorous quantitative analysis in the world.
All of the studies were conducted either in the U.S. or Canada between 1966 and 1970. The studies all involved individuals who were admitted to treatment for alcoholism and who voluntarily participated in the trials. Nearly all were men.
Within each of the studies all patients were given the same treatment programme. But on one treatment day some patients were given a single large dose of LSD, while control patients received a low dose of LSD or a stimulant drug - or nothing. In some studies, during the duration of the drug effects, patients talked with a therapist, while in other studies, patients received only brief reassurance if they wanted. But all were encouraged to reflect on their alcohol problem.
Neither patients nor the individuals who were treating them knew in advance who would get a full dose of LSD.
Clear improvements - greater opportunities
"In independent and standardized follow-up examinations, ranging from one to twelve months later, all of the studies showed that the patients who had received a full dose of LSD fared the best. On average, 59 per cent of full-dose patients showed a clear improvement compared with 38 per cent in the other groups," say Krebs and Johansen.
LSD patients were less likely to relapse into problematic alcohol use and had higher levels of total abstinence. In some studies their relatives also reported the same findings. Many of the patients said they had gained a new appreciation for their alcohol problem and new motivation to address it.
These patients also reported greater self-acceptance and openness, as well as greater faith in their ability to deal with future problems.
Affects the brain
"We do not yet fully know why LSD works this way," the researchers admit. "But we know that the substance is non-toxic and that it is not addictive. We also know that it has a striking effect on the imagination, perception and memories."
The researchers explain that LSD interacts with a specific type of serotonin receptor in the brain.
"LSD may stimulate the formation of new connections and patterns, and generally seems to open an individual to an awareness of new perspectives and opportunities for action," they say.
Not followed up
By 1971 LSD had been banned for non-medical use, and although the drug was and is still permitted as an experimental medical treatment, it became increasingly difficult to conduct clinical trials. Despite the promising studies, LSD was claimed to have no demonstrated medical use. There may be several reasons for this, the researchers explained.
"The earliest studies reported promising results but also had methodological problems. Many scientists expected unrealistically good results from a single dose, and tended to ignore effects that lasted less than a year. Importantly, many of the individual studies did not have enough patients to reach a conclusion by themselves."
"But when we combine studies that had sound methodology, the results are unambiguous. We can therefore safely conclude that a single dose of LSD had a positive treatment effect that lasted at least six months," Krebs and Johansen said.
Should offer repeated doses
The improvement was greatest during the first few months of treatment. As the months passed, the effect gradually decreased.
"It is unusual for psychiatric drugs to have an effect that lasts for several months after a single dose. We now better understand that alcoholism is a chronic, relapsing disorder that typically requires ongoing treatment. The next step should be to periodically provide additional doses of LSD in combination with modern evidence-based treatment programs," the researchers conclude.
The meta-analysis is being published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology.
###
The work was financed by the Research Council of Norway and conducted during a research stay at Harvard Medical School. Krebs and Johansen are currently affiliated with the Department of Neuroscience at NTNU.
Reference: Teri S. Krebs and Pål-Ørjan Johansen: Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) for alcoholism: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (Journal of Psychopharmacology) DOI:10.1177/0269881112439253
FILE - In this Feb. 26, 2013 file photo, House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. President Barack Obama will meet Friday with the top leaders in the House and Senate to discuss what to do about automatic cuts to the federal budget, White House and congressional leaders said. The meeting is set to take place hours after the $85 billion in across-the-board cuts will have officially kicked in. This suggests both sides are operating under the assumption a deal won't be reached to avert the cuts ahead of the March 1 deadline. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — With big, automatic budget cuts about to kick in, House Republicans are turning to mapping strategy for the next showdown just a month away, when a government shutdown instead of just a slowdown will be at stake.
Both topics are sure to come up at the White House meeting Friday between President Barack Obama and top congressional leaders, including Republican House Speaker John Boehner. A breakthrough on replacing or easing the imminent across-the-board spending cuts still seems unlikely at the first face-to-face discussion between Obama and Republican leaders this year.
To no one's surprise, even as a dysfunctional Washington appears incapable of averting a crisis over economy-rattling spending cuts, it may be lurching toward another over a possible shutdown.
Republicans are planning for a vote next week on a bill to fund the day-to-day operations of the government through the Sept. 30 end of the 2013 fiscal year — while keeping in place the new $85 billion in cuts of 5 percent to domestic agencies and 8 percent to the military.
The need to keep the government's doors open and lights on — or else suffer the first government shutdown since 1996 — requires the GOP-dominated House and the Democratic-controlled Senate to agree. Right now they hardly see eye to eye.
The House GOP plan, unveiled to the rank and file on Wednesday, would award the Pentagon and the Department of Veterans Affairs with their line-by-line budgets, for a more-targeted rather than indiscriminate batch of military cuts, but would deny domestic agencies the same treatment. And that has whipped up opposition from veteran Democratic senators on the Appropriations Committee. Domestic agencies would see their budgets frozen almost exactly as they are, which would mean no money for new initiatives such as cybersecurity or for routine increases for programs such as low-income housing.
"We're not going to do that," said Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa. "Of course not."
Any agreement needs to pass through a gantlet of House tea party conservatives intent on preserving the across-the-board cuts and Senate Democrats pressing for action on domestic initiatives, even at the risk of creating a foot-tall catchall spending bill.
There's also this: GOP leaders have calculated that the automatic cuts arriving on Friday need to be in place in order for them to be able to muster support from conservatives for the catchall spending bill to keep the government running. That's because many staunch conservatives want to preserve the cuts even as defense hawks and others fret about the harm that might do to the military and the economy. If the automatic cuts are dealt with before the government-wide funding bill gets a vote, there could be a conservative revolt.
"The overall sequester levels must hold," said Rep. Tom McClintock, R-Calif.
Little to no progress has been made so far between House and Senate leaders and the White House, and given the hard feelings engulfing Washington, there's no guarantee that this problem can be solved, even though the stakes — a shutdown of non-essential government programs after March 27 — carry more risk than the across-the-board cuts looming on Friday.
The funding plan for the rest of the fiscal year will be a main topic at the White House meeting on Friday, the March 1 deadline day for averting the across-the-board cuts.
Obama, speaking to a group of business executives Wednesday night, said the cuts would be a "tumble downward" for the economy, though he acknowledged it could take weeks before many Americans feel the full impact of the budget shrinking.
The warring sides in Washington have spent this week assigning blame rather than seeking a bipartisan way out. In a glimpse of the state of debate on Wednesday, Republicans and the White House bickered over whether the cuts would be under way by the time Friday's meeting started. A spokesman for Boehner said they would be in place; the White House countered that Obama would in fact have until midnight Friday to set them in motion.
The cumbersome annual ritual of passing annual agency spending bills collapsed entirely last year — not a single one of the 12 annual appropriations bills for the budget year that began back in October has passed Congress — and Congress has to act by March 27 to prevent a partial shutdown of the government.
Forget getting kicked out of Austin — Uber just got banned from an entire country.
The ride-hailing service is now blocked in Italy after a judge ruled Friday that it created unfair competition.
Unlike rulings in other European countries, where the use of UberX or the European version (UberPop) has been limited, Italy's ruling blocks all of Uber's services: UberBLACK, UberLUX, UberX, UberXL and UberSelect among them.
Italy's taxi associations succeeded in winning the ruling after they brought a lawsuit against Uber to court. In addition to its ban against Uber operating, the ruling also prevents Uber from advertising in Italy at all.
Uber didn't immediately respond to a request for comment from Mashable, but the company told Reuters that they were "shocked" by the decision and planned to appeal.
Uber's last major loss got us RideAustin — get ready for RideItaly?
UPDATE: April 15, 2017, 10:07 a.m. EDT
Good news for Uber: another judge ruled that Uber can keep operating until the company finishes appealing their total ban. So you can order an Uber in Italy again, for now.
"We are happy for the thousands of Italian drivers and riders who can now continue using the Uber app until the court's appeal ruling," Uber said in a statement. "We will continue fighting this judgement in the hope that Italians will be able to enjoy the benefits of modern technology that provides reliable transportation at the push of a button."
Miami's latest about-to-open brewery, Concrete Beach Brewery, is finally closer to opening after some delays. Short Order was invited for a rare behind-the-scenes look at the construction underway in Wynwood, and a chat with president and craft veteran Alan Newman.
We meet under the slim shade outside Panther Coffee in Wynwood, the bustling and cacophonous interior forcing us into the warm summer sunshine. Newman has the air of an artisan, complete with funky circular yellow-rimmed glasses. Over some iced coffee, talk begins to focus on why he's in Miami, and what this brewery operation means for the community at large.
See also: South Florida Brew Bus Delivers South Florida's Craft Beer Craze
Continue Reading
First, some background. Newman founded and worked for Magic Hat Brewing Company for 17 years, having started the company in 1993, and left the brewery in 2010 due to "financial reasons," as he says. According to Vermont's Seven Days, "the financial crash of 2008 thwarted his plans to merge Magic Hat with Seattle-based Pyramid Breweries, [and] he was contractually forced to sell his shares in the company."
It was then that Newman felt compelled to leave the brewing world altogether, focusing on a book tour and the lecture circuit. Longtime friend and Samuel Adams face Jim Koch, it appears, could not let his talented friend go off into the night. So what started as an endeavor with Stacey Steinmetz to try their hand in a different industry, Alchemy & Science became a subsidiary of Boston Beer Company.
The sub-company owns and markets other craft beer brands, including Coney Island Brewing Company, Angel City Brewery, The Traveler Beer Company, and now Concrete Beach Brewery.
"I'm a culture guy," Newman says. "Miami fits my mission, and I love it. It makes sense to put it here... I've been coming down to Miami for almost 60 years...Wynwood is where I'd end up coming out to drink."
What's to be expected from this new Miami experiment? A 20-barrel brewhouse (meaning that for each time they brew, they can produce a batch of beer at about 630 gallons in volume) complete with a unique circular indoor/outdoor "social hall" that will feature split seating and a stage to promote entertainment such as musicians, poetry readings, and small theater groups.
"We call it the social hall," Newman replied, correcting our use of the term taproom. "It'll be somewhere to educate [people] and offer a wide variety of beers...to crush their misconceptions on what beer is."
"It will be tour-centric and bilingual. Everyone will be speaking multiple languages, as that's what the area is."
Multiculturalism is a principle element in what Concrete Beach is trying to accomplish in Wynwood, besides putting out world-class beer.
"We have to turn on the Hispanic market, and focus on the culture that is here. We need to embrace them."
Which is a small, but growing market. According to Craft Brewing Business, 38 percent of Hispanic consumers indicated that they consume craft beer at any time. That market is taking ground from the mainstream brands, but still has work to do as 58 percent of Hispanics aged 21+ report drinking domestic beer and 55 percent of Hispanics drink imported beer.
"We need to turn people on to beer with flavor...The only way it will happen [converting people to craft] is through local breweries."
With the coffee drained and the sun taking its toll, we headed down the street to the under-construction brewery. Large metal roll-up doors make up the street-facing facade, currently featuring gravel pits, bare walls, and welders installing equipment.
Head brewer John Carpenter showed us around the facility, highlighting the easy-to-use spent grain dispenser for local farmers, the massive horizontal fermentation tanks, and the gorgeous two-story brewing system complete with a control room that overlooks the soon-to-be outdoor beer garden.
"We're hoping to push out 5,000 barrels a year from this system," he said.
Newman told us what he's looking to have produced at the beginning. "I'm a real believer that the customer decides our flagship. The public decides what they like and don't like."
"We'll definitely have an IPA, and a malty beer...We want to be playing with pilsners, but not the corn lagers," he said, saying that the style has been tainted by what gets put out by the "big guys." A fresh pilsner is an amazingly flavorful and refreshing thing.
By design, there will be a focus on beers that don't necessarily conform to what the hardcore set are into, following the literal flavor of the month. They're seeking to "do some things that are out of the beer geek world, things you can drink with a balance of flavor."
That isn't to say experimentation will be out; quite the opposite. Carpenter showed off the pilot system and explained that there are quite a few tanks set aside for smaller experimental batches.
With a tentative October opening (barring any other setbacks), Concrete Beach Brewery aims to join the growing Miami brewing network, currently comprised of Wynwood Brewing Company, The Abbey Brewing Company, Miami Brewing Company, fellow up-and-comer J. Wakefield Brewing, and M.I.A. Brewing.
It's a good time to be a beer geek in South Florida.
Doug Fairall is a craft beer blogger who focuses on Florida beers and has been a homebrewer since 2010. For beer things in your Twitter feed, follow him @DougFairall and find the latest beer pics on Instagram.
Follow Short Order on Facebook, on Twitter @Short_Order, and Instagram @ShortOrder.
Aaron Bernstein / Reuters Yes, Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) said "they shot their wad." No, it doesn't mean what you think it does. Not in this case, anyway.
Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) got people snickering on Monday with his use of a phrase that many consider a little... well... dirty.
“We're not going back to health care. We're in tax now,” he said, according to Politico. “As far as I'm concerned, they shot their wad on health care and that's the way it is. I'm sick of it.”
Many people rushed to social media to let the senator know that the reference to a “wad” being “shot” is commonly used as a crude term for ejaculation.
One reporter called the quote “graphic,” but Hatch communications director Matt Whitlock defended the phrase while cracking a joke about the 83-year-old senator's age at the same time:
No it's not. It was used quite often during the Civil War when Hatch was just a young Senator. https://t.co/wJCeAukE4f — Matt Whitlock (@mattdizwhitlock) August 7, 2017
Whitlock's tweet links to a Washington Post defense of the phrase from 2011, when some readers objected to its use in a news report, which was also about healthcare.
The Post noted that the term was used in previous centuries for firearms, which had a “wad” to keep the projectile from the propellant.
“‘Shooting one's wad' simply means that the charge contains no projectile and is therefore ineffectual,” the Post noted. “Those who apply it to potentially offensive activities have only their own sensibilities to blame.”
In addition to the Post link, Hatch's office sent a definition from the Oxford English Dictionary:
Zope 2.12 alpha 1 has been released. It's completely “eggified”, meaning that all parts of it are separate python modules, installable with setuptools easy_install command. The main egg is called just Zope2, and you can therefore now install Zope 2 with “easy_install Zope2” from the command line. Of course, this will install it in the system library, which is probably not what you want. So you probably want to use virtualenv to create a separate installation, or use buildout.
Here are the commands I used to test this alpha version:
virtualenv zope212 # Create a python sandbox for testing
cd zope212
bin/easy_install Zope2 # Install Zope 2
# make coffee while Zope 2 gets downloaded and installed
bin/mkzopeinstance
cd testinstance # Or whatever you called it
bin/zopectl fg
Yeah, that's it! Works like a charm. Even on Python 2.6! Zope 2.12 will be released probably around a similar time as Plone 4. Plone 3.2 is already completely eggyfied, but Plone buildouts still need to have special recipies for installing Zope 2. With Zope 2.12 this will no longer be necessary, and you can install Plone just by doing an easy_install Plone, and get all of the parts installed. Which is totally cool!
So thanks to everyone involved in this, and also to everyone involved in eggifying Zope3, without which this never could have happend!
Advertisements
When large majorities of Americans oppose the idea of allowing Syrian refugees into the country, they're following an old, if not particularly honored, tradition.
Current polls have shown widespread opposition to the Obama administration's plan to admit as many as 10,000 refugees from Syria over the next year. President Obama and his aides have emphasized the extensive screening that refugees go through -- a process that can take two years or more -- but so far, that message has not changed many minds.
A new Gallup poll showed that Americans oppose the administration's plan by 60% to 37%. But, as Gallup noted, there's nothing new about American reluctance to admit refugees fleeing foreign war zones.
In the late 1970s, Gallup's surveys found opposition to admitting Vietnamese refugees at levels virtually identical to today's polls, 57%-32%. Twenty years earlier, almost identical percentages of Americans opposed admitting refugees escaping the Soviet invasion that crushed Hungary's brief anti-communist uprising.
By 57% to 24%, Americans in 1947, two years after the end of World War II, opposed President Harry Truman's request to allow 10,000 European refugees into the country.
And in 1939, Americans by 67% to 26% opposed the entry of child refugees fleeing the Nazis.
Conyers reiterates demand for RNC documents Nick Juliano
Published: Thursday August 7, 2008
Print This Email This Chairman says committee must cooperate with probe of Justice Dept. after judge's subpoena ruling House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers is reiterating his demand that the Republican National Committee hand over e-mails and other documents relating to its probe of the Bush administration's politicization of the Justice Department. Conyers (D-MI) wrote to RNC lawyer Robert Kelner Thursday explaining that a judge's recent ruling upholding Congress's authority to subpoena two White House aides also complied to the political committee, which maintained separate e-mail address for some administration figures like former adviser Karl Rove. The Judiciary Committee has spent more than a year trying to get its hands on the RNC documents in its probe that began with an inquiry into the firing of nine US Attorneys and has expanded to consider all aspects of the Justice Department, including the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman. Critics and whistleblowers say Rove helped orchestrate the Siegleman prosecution; at the time he was sent to jail on what many see as trumped-up charges, Siegelman was the only Democratic governor in the south. In his letter (.pdf), Conyers noted the White House has not claimed executive privilege to scuttle its inquiry into Siegelman's case, as it has with other Congressional investigations. Therefore, the Michigan Democrat argues, there is no reason for the RNC not to cooperate. In addition, I would also like to request that you identify and produce any emails transmitted to or from the White House staff through RNC computer servers that mention former Governor of Alabama Don Siegelman. Because there has been no White House claim of privilege regarding Siegelman documents -- to the contrary, the White House has permitted Karl Rove to provide written statements to the Committee's Ranking Member on this very subject -- I would assume that you will be able to produce these documents directly and that no listing or privilege log will be required. To the extent that your client does elect to withhold any of these documents from the Committee, I would appreciate a comparable listing so that the Committee can evaluate any claims of privilege that you believe apply. US District Judge John Bates ruled last week that the White House's "claim of absolute immunity" to avoid handing over documents and prevent testimony from Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten and former counsel Harriet Miers "is without any support in case law." That ruling went on to require the White House to produce subpoenaed documents or offer a detailed list of what it was withholding, outlining specific executive privilege claims in each case. "[Y]our client has declined to produce or itemize the subpoenaed documents relying on the very Executive Privilege claim that was considered by Judge Bates, and you have previously indicated that the RNC would adhere to the terms of a court resolution of the dispute between the Committee and the Executive," Conyers wrote to Kelner. "Accordingly, I expect you will provide any non-privileged documents that your client possesses and an appropriate list and description of any subpoenaed documents that you continue to withhold."
This tweet from the RIAA's Senior Vice President of Communications is just about the most asinine thing we've read all day. Way to totally trivialize an issue that millions of people care passionately about. Updated below
What Is SOPA? If you hadn't heard of SOPA before, you probably have by now: Some of the internet's most … Read more Read
Advertisement
We understand that SOPA blackout day is probably a bummer if you're the mouthpiece for the RIAA, but here's a tip from your friends in that terrifying blogosphere: If you want to convince the public (you know, those people you like to sue) that you aren't a bunch of assholes, maybe try a different tack. Or, if you're going to be a dick, maybe be a dick who can spell?
Or maybe try a new slogan? The RIAA: Good at Lobbying, Bad at People. [Twitter]
Update: 11:20 AM
Lamy has deleted the offending tweet. Thank goodness for screengrabs!
This was a commission for who came up with the initial concept and idea, I just filled in the blanks, hope you enjoy it!
And I hope the rest of you enjoy it too!
Shotgun Battlesaddle concept designed to fire two types of ammo, buckshot and 12G slugs. I really like how this one turned out, I am trying to get faster and faster with my digital drawings and am always trying new techniques, here it was a more spontaneous coloring approach where I did the shading and coloring in the same layer. As always I took an artistic license on gun mechanics so I'm sorry in advance if some of this makes no sense, feel free to point it out so I can take a note of it for future drawings.
Carnegie Wave Energy has successfully installed its electricity-generating underwater buoy technology off the coast of Perth, creating the first operational wave energy project in the world.
The so-called CETO technology - that converts ocean swell into renewable power and freshwater - has been operating successfully for the past week, according to the company.
The CETO 5 unit off the coast of Perth (left) and it's installation into the sea floor. Credit:Carnegie Wave Energy
The successful installation, a year later than originally anticipated, represents a crucial step for Carnegie to meet its goal of becoming cash-flow positive within five years.
Its main generators of cash last financial year were, in order, government grants ($14 million), research and development tax rebates ($2.3 million) and gold mining royalties ($1.3 million) it received as a leftover of its former incarnation as a mineral exploration company.
You know you are not a member of the Republican establishment when Karl Rove tells you to “never darken the door of the White House again.” That happened to me in 2002, and that's when I knew I had chosen the right side on the immigration issue.
Things have changed in 2016; the establishment is under siege. But who is really anti-establishment and who is faking it?
I guess there are different ways to define the establishment and “anti-establishment” and different ways to measure a man's courage in fighting the establishment. Campaign promises are cheap, so let's ask, who has demonstrated that courage through action?
Surely one good test would be the willingness to take risks by openly criticizing the power structure from the inside, not the outside. It's easy to throw stones at windows when don't have to live there.
Some candidates are Johnny-come-latelys to taking on the establishment. Some candidates adopt the mantle of outsider when it is popular, despite a lifetime of cozying up to power elites. Only a tiny handful of political leaders actually have a record of fighting the establishment and political correctness, not just talking about it when it becomes popular.
One of those rare, courageous souls is Senator Ted Cruz, a man who has taken risks and challenged established institutions when the issue was a matter of principle—conservative principles.
But let's move beyond generalities. Let's consider three examples of Ted Cruz challenging the status quo. To me, such examples illustrate that Cruz has been willing to go against the establishment his entire career, not just for six months after deciding to run for president.
Ted Cruz went on the floor of the United States Senate and called his party's leader a liar – not to make a headline, but because it was true and someone needed to say it.
He paid a price for “speaking truth to power,” because men in power will retaliate when their lies are exposed. Accepting the retaliation is part of the price to be paid when you offend powerful people.
But Cruz probably did not anticipate that another “outsider” would criticize the act because he made some enemies by challenging his party's leadership—the same leadership the conservative movement has been criticizing for their habitual accommodations to Obama.
Conservatives looking at presidential candidates have to ask what kind of leader they want sitting in the White House.
Could it be that sometimes, when your country is in danger, when the Constitution is being trashed, when deals are being struck with Obama and Nancy Pelosi that break solemn promises, could it be that in such times telling the truth is more important than winning a popularity contest in a den of thieves?
A second example is Cruz's impressive record in Texas as the state's solicitor general before he ran for the Senate. He took on powerful leftist organizations on gun control and election law, and took important cases all the way to the US Supreme Court — and won, nine times. He was the author of the amicus brief signed by 24 state attorneys general that led to victory in the historic 2nd Amendment case, District of Columbia v. Heller.
Those cases were not law review articles, New York Times op-eds, Charlie Rose interviews, or political speeches. They were hard fought court cases against powerful establishment forces – and they changed the law and protected personal rights.
Finally, let's look at Cruz's record on immigration enforcement, the issue most voters consider the single most important of the 2016 election. If voters' anger is the hallmark if the 2016 campaign, nothing has generated that anger as much as the establishment's decade-long duplicity on immigration.
Avoiding a repeat of past treachery on immigration means electing a president who will keep his promises, not “work out a deal” that perpetuates our open borders fiasco. So, it is fair to ask, can we trust Ted Cruz to challenge the Republican establishment's love affair with massive immigration?
Some candidates make loud, colorful promises to secure our borders. Ted Cruz has a record of actually fighting for secure borders.
In 2013, Cruz fought in the Senate trenches to defeat the establishment's grandiose “Gang of Eight” amnesty bill. He offered strong amendments that exposed the true character of the amnesty bill.
The Senate conservative leader of that battle, Senator Jeff Sessions, credits Ted Cruz as being his strong right arm in the fight. Their arguments were so sound and their fight so successful that a majority of Republican senators ended up voting against the amnesty bill and it died in the House.
Did that battle win him friends among the Republican Party leadership? No. Did making enemies among party leadership stop him from doing the right thing? No.
It is easy to attack the establishment from the outside; that always gets applause and cheers, even when the “outsider” has a lifelong record of enjoying the benefits of insider status.
It takes real courage and conviction to attack the establishment from within and makes waves as big as a tsunami. Ted Cruz has done that – consistently, and successfully, on immigration and other issues like Obamacare, voting rights, and the 2nd Amendment.
That's why the establishment fears Ted Cruz: He's the real deal.
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — (UPDATED – Jan. 17, 2014. The columnist and the Toronto Star's public editor stand behind the story. See two responses from the paper below.)
What a bizarre answer from the Toronto Star's ethics columnist Ken Gallinger.
On January 5th, I wrote an article about a bogus story in the Toronto Star that supposedly involved a trans woman in a woman's locker room with an erection “playfully” approaching someone.
I said at the time: “No where to be found in this report was the date, time, and location of this incident, along with the name of manager taking report of the incident, and whether or not the report was made to the police. This leaves the entire story bogus, even if true.”
The next day, Cristian Williams published an article in the TransAdvocate about the same hoax which included this response from Gallinger: “It is, of course, not possible for me to substantiate most of the stories I'm told, and frankly I don't try — my general policy is to deal with issues as they are presented…”
This is such a stunning and bizarre response and I am rather speechless. If the “ethics” columnist can't figure out what's wrong here, maybe someone else at the paper can.
———-
UPDATE — Jan. 17, 2014. Kathy English, the Star‘s Public Editor responds in an editorial:
“I cannot tell you with absolute certainty that a letter published recently in the Star's “Ethically Speaking” column from a “senior” woman recounting the inappropriate sexual behaviour of a transgender woman in a Y change room is not a hoax concocted for political purposes.
I can tell you I have telephoned and talked to the North York woman whose name is on the email sent to Star ethics columnist Ken Gallinger in October. I have also confirmed that the YMCA of Greater Toronto received a similar letter from a former member in late fall. Last week, an executive of the organization contacted the same North York woman I talked with.
If this woman's letter was a hoax perpetuated by organized forces opposed to transgender rights, as many in the transgender community through North America and beyond have declared with all certainty, then it is indeed a grand and elaborate one played on both the Star and the YMCA.
The woman would not agree to come forward publicly for this column. She spoke confidentially to me, in line with her expectation of confidentiality in the ethics column. “I am asking the Star to protect my privacy,” she said. “I would not rest easy if any group decided to approach me personally.”
She told me she is 70. She said the incident she described in her letter to Gallinger in which a naked “man” claiming to be a transgender woman behaved inappropriately happened “a couple of years ago” in the late afternoon in the women's locker room of the Toronto Y on Sheppard Ave.
She said she shared her concerns with the Y manager at the time but felt she was not taken seriously. She said the branch manager contacted her in the fall after she sent her letter and she was again contacted by a senior executive of the Y following publication of the Star column.
YMCA spokesman Celecia Partap confirmed this week that the Y did receive a similar letter in the fall from “a former female member” about an incident that was “historical in nature.” Partap said the Y has no record of any formal complaint about the incident the woman described and that the general manager of the Y where the woman used to swim had no recollection of a past complaint.
This woman is aware of accusations her letter is a hoax. To that she said: “I have no agenda, just an incident. Why would anyone lie?”
This is where things get political. Stoking fear about transgender persons in bathrooms is a key nasty ploy of conservative groups opposed to human rights for trans people. As well, conservative media organizations in the U.S. have been called out for reporting fake stories about transgender persons harassing people in washrooms.
In Canada, Bill C-279, a bill to include transgender rights in our anti-discrimination and hate laws is still pending Senate approval. Last March, it was passed by the House of Commons by a 149-137 vote. The bill has been dubbed the “bathroom bill” by its vocal Conservative critics. Among the most vocal is Calgary MP Rob Anders, who posted a petition on his website saying the goal of the bill “is to give transgendered men access to women's public washroom facilities.
“It is the duty of the House of Commons to protect and safeguard our children from any exposure and harm that will come from giving a man access to women's public washroom facilities,” it states.
Throw in some fear of the documented practice of what's called “astroturfing” in which organized lobby groups use letters to the editor, online comments and social media to make it appear that grassroots “real people” are aligned with their cause and it's not all that surprising that some trans advocates questioned the veracity of the letter published in the Star's ethics column.
Gallinger, a former United Church minister, answered the woman's letter with sensible sensitivity telling her that transgender women have the absolute right to use the woman's change room and that “we have come to understand that gender is much more complex than whether we wear our equipment externally or internally.”
But Gallinger and the Star came under attack after he told trans advocates he deals with issues as they are presented and said he did not verify the letter.
Certainly this raises ethical questions about whether the newsroom — or indeed readers — expect media advice columnists to verify the facts of the mainly anonymous letters they get from people seeking advice to life's many strange-but-true quandaries. It's a question neither I nor the newsroom had ever given much thought to so I reached out for advice from other public editors and ombudsmen.
From what I have been able to determine, media advice columnists generally do not — and likely cannot — verify the often fantastical facts in readers' letters. But that does not give them a free pass to publish anything just because someone puts it in a letter.
“We have a sexual healing column where some of the problems are — it seems to me — exceptional, but that may be a generational thing and a sheltered life,” Chris Elliott, Readers' Editor of the Guardian, told me. “It is written by Pamela Stephenson Connolly and she says she makes a judgment as to each letter's plausibility — as do our editors.
“If in doubt addresses are checked but a lot of people honestly submit problems anonymously, which makes checking very hard on occasions.”
Like all journalists, advice columnists must be alert to the possibility of a hoax and certainly question the plausibility of what people tell them. If something does not ring true — especially on a sensitive and political subject — further checking is called for before publishing.
That is common practice for the Star's “Ellie.” Gallinger, too, told me he checks further if he has doubts about a letter's veracity. While he has said publicly that a well-known trans rights advocate he consulted raised the possibility the letter might not be true, the woman's letter seemed sincere to him and did not set off his alarm bells.
Having seen the full unedited letter, sent from a Rogers email account and signed with the woman's name, I would agree. Still, as some measure of concern had been raised with him, I think further checking with the letter writer would have put the ethics columnist on stronger ground here.
I expect that would have landed him right where I am at now. Having talked several times to the woman, it's a stretch for me to think the letter was some sort of hoax.
But as advice columnists well know, anything is possible.
http://www.thestar.com/opinion/public_editor/2014/01/17/transgender_rights_letter_no_hoax_says_north_york_woman_public_editor.html
———
UPDATED Jan 17, 2014. Ken Gallinger responds with another column:
“Recently, I ran a column on transgender rights; the response was fast and furious. Remarkably few correspondents were troubled by my answer; indeed many praised its “sensitivity” — which several were kind enough to describe as “unusual.” What troubled many, however, was the question.
An older, female correspondent reported an episode with a person who, apparently posing as a transgender woman, found “his” way into a woman's change room and made inappropriate sexual advances. Several people, most self-identifying as trans, wrote to say that the question was likely a hoax; apparently bogus scenarios much like this have been used, especially in the United States, to scare folks into opposing legislated rights for transgender people.
Sadly, it now appears the column, or more precisely the question, may have been hijacked by groups and individuals as “evidence” that episodes such as this are an inevitable result of increased rights for trans folk. The reader's question was presented to me as a private and unreported incident — but some have apparently translated a question into a news report — and then used it for their own sad purposes.
In response, several justifiably upset trans folk have requested, then demanded, to know who wrote the question and where the episode was purported to have taken place. I even received a note from a Toronto police officer asking, very politely it must be said, to know the “when, where and who” of the incident. As someone who pays speeding tickets 10 days before due, I experience such a request, even politely proffered, as mildly threatening.
This episode caused me to reflect on ethical questions attached to this column. This has all been unsettling, and I haven't worked it all through yet, but I thought you'd be interested in a few principles I follow.
1: All questions come from real readers. Seven years ago, when we started this adventure, I had to “prime the pump” with made-up queries. No more. Most questions (several hundred each year) come by email; I notify the person that I will likely use their question, and in the process verify their email address. A few ask questions in person. Most are edited for length and clarity, but in every case the answers are mine, the questions are yours — as faithfully rendered as I am able.
2: I respect the right of people to ask questions confidentially. The name and address of correspondents is never given — not even in cutesy forms like “Miserable in Mississauga”. I won't reveal names or contact information of correspondents except in extreme circumstances. (I once had a teenager write about the ethics of suicide, indicating the intention to end her life. After several exchanges, I became sufficiently concerned to reveal her identity to folks who could help. Was that ethical? Damned if I know.) In the case now in question, because of the uproar, I have confidentially passed on the original email to the Public Editor at the Star — but I have no intention of revealing my correspondent's identity to anyone else.
3: I respond to situations as they are presented. That's maybe a difference between so-called advice columnists and real journalists; journalists are honed to sniff out the last fact, while we who dabble in dispensing wisdom tend to listen to situations, and respond as described. I assume the pet columnist doesn't verify that a black lab really did eat those slippers, nor the investment columnist ask to see proof of an inquirer's RSP. I don't believe many people intentionally lie to me — although a few do, and I won't run a question I know to be false. But folks write about intensely personal situations — a fight with their sister, a sexual misadventure, a threatening episode in a locker room … often stories they've never told another human being. And they describe them as they see them — even if that might not correspond exactly with reality as a good journalist might document it.
At the end of the day, the scenarios described each week by my correspondents are unverified and, usually, unverifiable. In this particular case, I had, and have, no reason to doubt the claims of the reader who sent the letter — but I can't prove it, and those who claim it was a hoax can't prove that, either. All I know is that I stand by the answer offered.
I regret, and deeply resent, that my column has been so egregiously misused.” http://www.thestar.com/life/2014/01/17/column_on_transgender_rights_raises_its_own_ethics_debate.html
———————————–
Kathy English is the Star‘s Public Editor: publiced@thestar.ca, telephone 416-869-4949, or fax 416-869-4322.
Other contact info for the Toronto Star: http://www.thestar.com/about/contactus.html
My previous article: Bogus ‘anti-transgender' story in the Toronto Star | THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT by Lexie Cannes.
Cristian Williams: Toronto newspaper pushes trans hoax, claims no duty to fact-check | The Transadvocate.
“It is, of course, not possible for me to substantiate most of the stories I'm told, and frankly I don't try — my general policy is to deal with issues as they are presented…” – See more at: http://www.transadvocate.com/toronto-newspaper-pushes-trans-hoax-claims-no-duty.htm#sthash.eebE7iSj.dpuf
“It is, of course, not possible for me to substantiate most of the stories I'm told, and frankly I don't try — my general policy is to deal with issues as they are presented…” – See more at: http://www.transadvocate.com/toronto-newspaper-pushes-trans-hoax-claims-no-duty.htm#sthash.eebE7iSj.dpuf
“It is, of course, not possible for me to substantiate most of the stories I'm told, and frankly I don't try — my general policy is to deal with issues as they are presented…” – See more at: http://www.transadvocate.com/toronto-newspaper-pushes-trans-hoax-claims-no-duty.htm#sthash.eebE7iSj.dpuf
“It is, of course, not possible for me to substantiate most of the stories I'm told, and frankly I don't try — my general policy is to deal with issues as they are presented…” – See more at: http://www.transadvocate.com/toronto-newspaper-pushes-trans-hoax-claims-no-duty.htm#sthash.GI5SakZa.dpuf
—–
Here's a trans feature film that you'd be thrilled to watch: “Lexie Cannes” http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332 Or via PayPal: http://www.lexiecannes.com/id13.html THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/ Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
President-elect Donald Trump blasted Boeing on Tuesday for alleged cost overruns on a new fleet of Air Force One planes and called for the government to cancel the contract, saying the project price tag is "out of control."
The president-elect took aim at Boeing's Air Force One work in a Tuesday morning tweet, and reiterated his concerns to reporters minutes later at Trump Tower.
The government has contracted with Boeing to build two or more new 747 planes, which would replace the current aging Reagan-era aircraft and go into service around 2024. That means Trump wouldn't fly on the new planes, which carry U.S. presidents around the globe, unless he pursued and won a second term. But the Air Force has pressed for a faster schedule, saying the current planes are becoming too expensive to repair and keep in good flying shape.
The contract for the planes was projected at about $3 billion, but costs have been reported to be rising. The Air Force had previously earmarked $1.65 billion for two new jets, but hadn't detailed costs beyond that. Boeing was the sole builder to bid on the planes, The Wall Street Journal reported.
“The plane is totally out of control,” Trump told reporters later Tuesday inside Trump Tower. “It's going to be over $4 billion for Air Force One program and I think it's ridiculous. I think Boeing is doing a little bit of a number. We want Boeing to make a lot of money, but not that much money.”
In a statement Tuesday, Boeing downplayed any payments it's received, seemingly citing a January contract worth about $26 million and a July contract worth about $127 million as its only commitments on the Air Force One project.
“We are currently under contract for $170 million to help determine the capabilities of these complex military aircraft that serve the unique requirements of the President of the United States,” the aircraft giant said. “We look forward to working with the U.S. Air Force on subsequent phases of the program allowing us to deliver the best planes for the President at the best value for the American taxpayer.”
Tuesday was not Trump's first interaction with Boeing. Trump tweeted in January 2013 that he had bought stock in the corporation and called it a “Great company!” Trump's personal aircraft, often called “Trump Force One,” is a Boeing 757.
Trump's personal financial disclosure, filed in May, shows $50,000-$100,000 worth of stock in Boeing, though spokesman Jason Miller told reporters on a Tuesday conference call that Trump sold all of his stocks in June.
Miller said the details of any cancellation would be handled once Trump was inaugurated but the Tuesday tweet “really speaks to the president-elect's focus on keeping costs down across the board.”
Trump may have some precedent if he ultimately decides to nix the Boeing deal. President Obama in 2009 canceled the program to replace Marine One when the cost of the 28-helicopter fleet ballooned from $6.1 billion to $13 billion.
Trump recently appointed ex-Boeing chairman, president and CEO Jim McNerney to chair a board of executive advisers on economic, regulatory and labor matters. McNerney retired as Boeing chair in March 2016.
But haggling over the bill may be about more than money.
In September, Boeing said China was set to buy $1 trillion worth of its planes during the next 20 years. China would become “the first trillion dollar aviation market” after Boeing delivered nearly 7,000 planes, the company said in a statement at the time.
Trump has been a frequent critic of China. The president-elect accepted a controversial call from the Taiwanese government last week, possibly jeopardizing longstanding U.S. policy towards China. On Sunday, he also tweeted extensively about companies that sought to leave the U.S., and singled out China for “making it hard for our companies to compete.”
The double-decker 747-8 is the only four-engine commercial jet made by Boeing, Reuters reported. It entered service in 1970 and underwent an overhaul in 2012.
Fox News' Doug McKelway and John Roberts and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Share Why the Polish Left was wiped out by a Eurosceptic conservative surge
Why the Polish Left was wiped out by a Eurosceptic conservative surge Poles have spoken very clearly; the rest of Europe should listen
Poles have spoken very clearly; the rest of Europe should listen Poland has a single-party government for the first time since Jaruzelski 1980s dictatorship
Poland, once again, has defied a European trend. Elsewhere in Europe, parties of the populist Left are on the rise. In Poland, they face extirpation. The Polish Left didn't just fail to win office; it failed to win seats. The parties represented in the Sejm cover the rest of the spectrum: free-market, nationalist, conservative, Christian Democrat, liberal; but the socialists, who never properly reinvented themselves after the Jaruzelski dictatorship in the 1980s, have finally been obliterated.
Even more striking is that Poland has a single-party government for the first time since – well, since Jaruzelski. Poland has always had a fissiparous political tradition. In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, the Sejm was a byword for chaos, because the “liberum veto” system allowed any MP to block a measure by objecting to it. After the democratic revolution in 1989, a similar disorderliness appeared to have set in, with parties forming and reforming kaleidoscopically.
Eventually, three more or less stable blocs emerged: the rump socialists; the free-market but Eurofanatical Civic Platform (the party of Donald Tusk, now President of the European Commission); and the winner of yesterday's election, the conservative Law and Justice, led by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Most Western commentators were rooting for Civic Platform, which had governed since 2007. Poland, they pointed out, experienced impressive economic growth under Tusk – which is true, although there was equally impressive growth under the previous Law and Justice government.
Law and Justice are routinely portrayed in Western European newspapers as paranoid anti-German bigots, whose appeal rests on Catholicism and nostalgia. Indeed, it's hard to think of any mainstream party in the EU that gets a more undeserved press.
After all, Law and Justice's electoral achievement is extraordinary. In a part of the world where few parties come back from defeat, it recovered from its loss of office in 2007 to win both the presidential and parliamentary elections this year. It did so, moreover, after losing several of its leaders – including Jarosław Kaczyński's twin brother, Lech, then President of the Republic – in the 2010 Smolensk air disaster. Yet, despite that recovery, a typical news report this morning spoke of its “introverted rhetoric” and tried to hint that it might somehow threaten civil freedoms.
Why does Law and Justice get such a hard time abroad? Three reasons. First, and most obviously, because it is Eurosceptic. However moderate and respectable a party is on other issues, criticising Brussels is – at least as far as The Economist and the FT are concerned – ipso facto proof of extremism. Never mind that, in opposing membership of the euro, Law and Justice has been utterly vindicated. Being right, in Europhile eyes, is no defence.
Second, because when David Cameron left the palaeo-federalist European People's Party to found his own conservative bloc in the European Parliament, it became fashionable to throw mud at his allies. Truly bizarre things were written in an attempt to smear mainstream Centre-Right parties as extreme, jingoistic or even anti-Semitic. To give you an idea of quite how idiotic the press commentary of that time could be, the Guardian sent along a reporter to cover a speech by a Law and Justice MP at the 2009 Conservative Party Conference. Evidently disappointed at how reasonable he was, the journalist – Allegra Stratton, now BBC Newsnight's political editor – wrote the following:
“Although the fringe event was carefully stage-managed – terse political lines trotted out and limited time for questions – there was one unfortunate mistake. The basement room in which delegates gathered to hear the controversial Tory allies was in Manchester's Midland Hotel, a building Hitler is said to have liked so much that he would have made it his northern residence if he had invaded.”
Absurd as that now seems, a slight residue from that campaign has stuck in pundits' memories. (After all, as Allegra might put it, Goebbels knew that the purpose of propaganda is not to convince with facts, but to create an unsettling impression.)
Third, Law and Justice suffer from having been genuine patriots during the Communist era. In Poland, as in other Warsaw Pact states, a measure of dissent was permitted. You could campaign for better prison conditions, or a relaxation of censorship, or even a wider choice of candidates at elections. But there were two things you absolutely couldn't do: you couldn't demand religious freedom; and you couldn't oppose the occupation of your country by the Red Army.
If you kept to these rules, you might be allowed to travel and study abroad, even to pick up awards from Western human rights organisations. But the Kaczyński twins and their followers did not confine themselves to “controlled dissent”. They were genuine opponents of the dictatorship, and they paid the price, being blocked from non-menial occupations, having university places denied to their children. Western journalists are naturally drawn to those Polish politicians who speak good English, studied in the West and favour the political idioms that European politicians use. They therefore tended, at least in the early days, to gravitate to opponents of Law and Justice.
Perhaps the supreme example of this cultural bias was the furious reaction to Law and Justice's lustration policy – that is, the requirement that people who had worked secretly for the Communists come clean. Such a policy was pursued very effectively in Germany and Italy after 1945, as well as in several post-Communist countries after 1990. Yet, when Poland sought to do the same thing, Western media wrote it up as a vindictive witch-hunt. Why? Because they were taking their cue from the Polish opposition, not all of whom had especially glorious records during the Communist era.
As far as I'm concerned, having a genuine record of resistance when your country is under Soviet domination is no bad thing. Neither is asserting your legitimate national interests vis-à-vis Russia and Germany. Nor is disregarding the politically correct vocabulary which is expected in Brussels these days. And nor, for that matter, is criticising the EU itself. Poles have spoken very clearly; the rest of Europe should listen.
Daniel Hannan is a Conservative Member of the European Parliament and blogs at www.hannan.co.uk.
Share
Scores on the Perception and Intensity subscales of the HRS were higher than those previously reported for a high ayahuasca dose equivalent to 1 mg DMT/kg body weight. 24 On the contrary, scores after oral intake were lower than those of the psychostimulant d‐amphetamine. 24 Scores on the SCQ subscales were lower than those reported for a 30 mg/70 kg oral psilocybin dose. 22
Scores on the different subscales of the HRS and SCQ questionnaires following smoked (blue) an oral (red) DMT intake: ( A ) HRS: Som = Somaesthesia , Aff = Affect , Per = Perception , Cog = Cognition , Vol = Volition , Int = Intensity ; ( B ) SCQ: IntU = Internal unity ; ExtU = External unity , Sacred = Sense of sacredness , Noetic = Noetic quality , Trans = Transcendence of time and space , PM = Deeply felt positive mood , Inef = Ineffability and paradoxicality of the experience. Statistical comparison between intake routes was conducted using Wilcoxon's test. n = 6, * p < 0.05, ns = not significant.
Following smoked intake, all participants reported experiencing fully psychoactive effects of medium (five out of six participants) and high intensity (one out of six participants). This was in contrast with the oral administration where only one participant reported experiencing any effect at all and described it as being very low in intensity (he verbally described it as having an intensity of 1 on a scale from 1 to 10). As shown in Figure 2 , scores on all subscales of the HRS and six of the seven subscales of the SCQ were significantly higher after smoked as compared to oral intake.
Urine determinations
Mean ± standard deviation urine volume collected was 1285 ± 302 mL after smoked DMT and 1377 ± 531 ml after oral DMT. These volumes did not differ statistically [z = ‐0.732, p > 0.1].
In the urine collected during the 24 h prior to each drug intake, concentrations for DMT and DMT‐NO were below the LOD (limit of detection) but not for IAA which, as expected, is excreted physiologically. The individual amounts of DMT, DMT‐NO and IAA measured following drug intake are presented in Table 1. As shown therein, the total amounts of DMT plus metabolites quantified in urine was larger after oral intake than after smoking [z = ‐1.992, p = 0.046]. These differences may reflect thermal degradation and incomplete vaporization and inhalation of DMT in the smoked route.
Table 1. Summary statistics and individual values of DMT and metabolite amounts (micromoles and percentage) measured for each study participant in 24 h urine after smoked and oral intake. IAA values have been corrected by subtracting the amounts (micromoles) measured in the 24 h urine collected prior to drug intake. Percent values refer to the total micromoles measured in each individual. SD = standard deviation Subject Smoked DMT DMT‐NO IAA Total DMT DMT‐NO IAA µmol µmol µmol µmol % % % 1 0.12 0.14 0.00 0.26 47.30 52.70 0.00 2 0.12 0.16 8.42 8.69 1.33 1.85 96.82 3 0.13 0.14 5.72 5.99 2.13 2.34 95.53 4 0.24 0.31 24.89 25.44 0.95 1.20 97.54 5 0.15 0.20 2.05 2.40 6.32 8.19 85.50 6 0.00 0.04 0.00 0.04 0.00 100.00 0.00 Mean 0.13 0.16 6.85 7.14 9.67 27.71 62.61 SD 0.08 0.09 9.45 9.58 18.56 40.61 48.70 Oral µmol µmol µmol µmol % % % 1 0.00 0.29 43.60 43.90 0.00 0.67 99.33 2 0.00 0.21 16.92 17.12 0.00 1.20 98.80 3 0.15 0.04 66.37 66.57 0.23 0.07 99.71 4 0.00 0.30 57.15 57.45 0.00 0.52 99.48 5 0.00 0.32 1.78 2.10 0.00 15.30 84.70 6 0.00 0.29 53.14 53.42 0.00 0.53 99.47 Mean 0.03 0.24 39.83 40.09 0.04 3.05 96.91 SD 0.06 0.10 25.17 25.16 0.09 6.01 5.99
In order to control for the overall recovered amounts between routes while addressing the relative contribution of oxidative deamination and N‐oxidation to DMT metabolism, we calculated the percentage of each metabolite relative to the overall substances measured in urine. Additionally, to control for physiological IAA, the amounts measured for each individual in the 24 h period prior to the drug sessions were subtracted from amounts after smoked and oral DMT. As shown in Table 1, following oral intake, unmetabolized DMT represented less than 1% of the total compounds found in urine. Interestingly, DMT‐NO, the MAO‐independent metabolite, amounted to 3%. The rest was IAA, indicating the predominance of oxidative deamination when DMT is taken by the oral route.
The analysis of the urine samples obtained following smoked DMT showed a higher proportion of unmetabolized DMT, which almost reached 10%. The distribution of the two metabolites showed a clearly different pattern as compared to the oral route. The percentage of DMT‐NO increased to around 28% whereas that of IAA decreased to 63%. As shown in Figure 3, the statistical comparison between routes showed significant differences in the percentage of unmetabolized DMT and IAA. Though higher values were found for DMT‐NO, the comparison was not significant due to the large intersubject variability observed following smoked DMT.
Figure 3 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint n = 10, data from a published study. 19 Graph showing percentage distributions of DMT, DMT‐NO and IAA in human urine following smoked DMT (blue), oral DMT (purple) and ayahuasca (yellow,= 10, data from a published study.) Notice the absence of significant differences between smoked DMT and ayahuasca. Within‐group comparisons using Wilcoxon's test and Between‐group comparisons using Mann‐Whitney test. * p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01, *** p < 0.001, ns = not significant.
For comparison purposes, Figure 3 shows the DMT and metabolite distribution in urine following ayahuasca. These results were obtained in a previous study by our group.19 Similar to what we observed here following smoked DMT, after ayahuasca administration unmetabolized DMT (1.8%) was found in urine together with around 20% DMT‐NO and 78% IAA. The comparison of the DMT and metabolite percentages measured after ayahuasca and after smoked DMT did not show any significant differences. On the contrary, the comparison between percentages after ayahuasca and after oral DMT yielded significant differences for all three compounds (Figure 3).
As an additional analysis, we explored potential correlations between DMT, DMT‐NO and IAA levels in urine after smoked DMT and scores on the subjective effects questionnaires. We found statistically significant inverse correlations between IAA and the SCQ Internal unity subscale. Correlations were significant when IAA was expressed as micromoles (r = ‐0.894, r2 = 0.798, p = 0.016) and as percentage (r = ‐0.894, r2 = 0.798, p = 0.038). Thus, the presence of smaller amounts of the main MAO‐dependent metabolite of DMT was associated with more intense subjective effects. We also calculated the ratio between IAA and DMT‐NO levels for each participant and we correlated these values with subjective effects measures. Again, an inverse correlation was found between this ratio and the Internal Unity subscale (r = ‐0.919, r2 = 0.845, p = 0.010). The scatter plot for this correlation is shown in Figure 4. Trend correlations were also found for the Sense of Sacredness (r = ‐0.795, r2 = 0.632, p = 0.059) and Transcendence of time and space (r = ‐0.764, r2 = 0.584, p = 0.077) subscales. Though preliminary due to the small sample size, these results suggest that psychoactivity depends on the shift from oxidative deamination to N‐oxidation. As the highly efficient MAO‐dependent first‐pass metabolism is circumvented by the smoked route, DMT metabolism is directed to the less efficient N‐oxidation allowing the access of larger amounts of the parent compound to the central nervous system. This gives rise to the mystic‐like experiences measured by the subscales of the SCQ.
Figure 4 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Scatter plot showing the inverse relationship between excreted IAA/DMT‐NO ratio after smoked DMT and the intensity of subjective effects (SCQ Internal unity subscale).
In the present study we assessed the metabolism and urinary disposition of DMT administered by two different routes: orally and smoked. The absence of unmetabolized DMT following oral administration is compatible with an intense first‐pass effect, as portal circulation conveys absorbed substances directly to the liver, where they undergo extensive biotransformation. By contrast, the smoked route initially bypasses the liver altogether and compounds typically do not suffer such intense metabolism. This would explain the greater levels of undegraded DMT found in this route.
Our results following oral DMT are in line with previous studies that found lack of psychoactive effects when DMT was administered orally in doses much higher than those in the present study.25 Early studies had identified IAA as the degradation product of DMT in urine.6 The high levels of IAA found in our study support the notion that MAO is the main metabolic route for DMT, as previously noted by other researchers.17, 18, 26-30 This is also true for other methylated tryptamines,30 for which the corresponding indoleacetic acid has been identified as the major breakdown product.30-33 However, MAO‐catalyzed oxidative deamination is not the only metabolic pathway available to these compounds, as DMT‐NO was also formed, although in small amounts, following oral DMT intake.
In a previous study with ayahuasca, we also found that DMT‐NO accounted for 20% of all tryptamine derivatives measured in urine.19 We estimated an 80:20 ratio for IAA:DMT‐NO, very close to the value found here after smoked DMT. Similar to what occurs after smoked DMT, in the presence of MAO‐inhibiting harmala alkaloids, DMT metabolism becomes partially shifted from oxidative deamination to N‐oxidation. Therefore, MAO inhibition or the use of routes of administration other than oral (smoking in this case) effectively enhance N‐oxidation as an alternative pathway for the elimination of DMT. This shift has also been observed in in vitro studies where MAO is inhibited. The MAO‐inhibitor iproniazid effectively blocks the formation of IAA from DMT in liver homogenates although not the formation of DMT‐NO.30 Iproniazid also increases tissue levels of DMT in vivo in the rat,29 and urinary excretion of unmetabolized DMT and DMT‐NO.28 Considering these results and the negative correlation between IAA/DMT‐NO ratio and subjective effects found in the present study, it appears that the metabolic shift is closely associated with the presence of psychoactive effects. Thus, low IAA and high DMT‐NO values were associated with higher scores on the SCQ Internal Unity subscale. This instrument measures sensations that are considered characteristic of mystical experiences and can be induced by other psychedelics such as psilocybin.22, 23
Image caption The government wants to reduce the number of long-term claimants of incapacity benefit
Three-quarters of people who apply for sickness benefit were found fit to work or drop their claims before they are completed, the government says.
Figures show 887,300 of 1,175,700 people applying for employment and support allowance (ESA) between October 2008 and August 2010 failed to qualify.
Fitness to work tests are being changed following criticism from mental health groups and an independent review.
About 40% of applicants' appeals against rulings have been successful.
'Clear evidence'
People claiming ESA - which replaced incapacity benefit - for the first time now have to go through a face-to-face test, the Work Capability Assessment, which was introduced under the previous Labour government.
The test is also in the process of being rolled out to 2.6 million people who were already claiming disability benefits.
Analysis The real significance of today's figures - showing three-quarters of new claims for sickness benefit are rejected - is how far they are replicated as the government tests those already on employment support allowance (ESA). The view in government circles is that, given the right support, many of the more than two million claimants on ESA can work, and that in an era of computers and modern technology there should be jobs which people with minor disabilities can perform. Ministers argue this is not just about saving money, it's also about trying to tackle inter-generational poverty by ensuring families are not abandoned on sickness benefits but helped back into work. And yet successive governments have tried and failed. Indeed the number of claimants on sickness benefits has hardly fallen over the past 20 years - even when the economy was booming. Ministers hope this time it will be different. The real challenge they face though is that they're trying to move people off ESA and back into work when there just aren't many jobs around. Q&A: Incapacity benefit crackdown
Department for Work and Pensions figures for people applying for ESA between 27 October 2008 and 31 August 2010 show that of the 887,300 people who failed to qualify for assistance, 39% were judged fit to work, while 36% abandoned their claim - for example because their illness was short term.
Only 6% of claims - 73,500 people - were considered to be entitled to full ESA support.
Employment minister Chris Grayling said the figures showed how important it was to reassess people who were still on the old incapacity benefit.
"We now know very clearly that the vast majority of new claimants for sickness benefits are in fact able to return to work.
"That's why we are turning our attention to existing claimants, who were simply abandoned on benefits.
"That's why we are reassessing all of those claimants, and launching the work programme to provide specialist back to work support," he said.
He said those who could not work would get "unconditional support" but for other it was "right and proper that they start back on the road to employment".
The Work Capability Assessment involves a "functional health assessment" of someone's ability to work, rather than the previous "diagnostic medical assessment" by a GP or specialist, focusing on particular conditions.
It determines whether applicants are entitled to the highest rate of ESA - for those deemed unable to work due to sickness or disability, or are considered "fit for work" - in which case they are put on Jobseeker's Allowance instead.
It can also place applicants into a "work related activity group", where they will be expected to take steps to prepare themselves for work.
But the assessment has proved controversial and its rulings have prompted tens of thousands of appeals. An independent report found that the numbers of rulings overturned on appeal since the test was introduced had been "consistently around 40%".
The test was changed after criticism from mental health campaigners and an independent review of the system in November 2010.
The Harrington review recommended mental health experts be present in all assessment centres to ensure full understanding of individual conditions, more support for those being assessed and better communication of what the test entails.
The government accepted all the recommendations and says they will be implemented by the summer.
But mental health charity Mind has said it fears the assessments are still "unfit for purpose and will have a detrimental impact on people with mental health problems".
Russia threatened to retaliate to the expulsion of 35 of its diplomats from Washington, while US lawmakers called for even stiffer measures and a deeper investigation into alleged hacks carried out by Moscow during the US elections.
“The principle of reciprocity applies here,” Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov said, according to the Interfax news agency. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin would formulate a response that would create “considerable discomfort in the same areas” for the US.
However, he hinted that Russia may wait until US President-elect Donald Trump, who has played down the hacking claims, officially becomes President on 20 January.
"These decisions were taken by President Obama, but Trump will become the head of state in three weeks' time," Peskov said. "Of course, this factor will certainly be taken into account one way or another."
Russia has denied any involvement and called the US sanctions "ungrounded".
On Thursday, the US state department declared the 35 Russian diplomats from the Washington embassy and the consulate in San Francisco "persona non grata", and gave them and their families 72 hours to leave the US.
The sanctions target Russia's military intelligence agency, the Main Intelligence Directorate, or GRU, for “tampering, altering or causing the misappropriation of information” with the purpose or effect of interfering with the election. The measures also cite Russia's main security agency, the Federal Security Service, for assisting the GRU in the activities.
The sanctions covered also three Russian companies the administration accused of providing material support for the GRU's cyber operations and four top Russian officials who run the military intelligence agency.
The sanctions reportedly impose asset freezes and travel bans on the individuals and prohibit US citizens and companies from doing business with them.
President Barack Obama had vowed action against Russia amid US accusations that it directed cyber-attacks against the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
AWAY from the California of the popular imagination, from the beaches and glamour of Los Angeles and the technological innovations of Silicon Valley, sits the Central Valley, a 450-mile stretch of mainly agricultural flatlands encased by mountains to east and west. The valley's geographical seclusion has bred other forms of disconnect; here you encounter habits, such as listening to country music and voting Republican, that are virtually extinct in the rest of the state.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But this isolation is anything but splendid. A 2011 California human-development report gave the San Joaquin Valley, the more populous part of the Central Valley, roughly the same score as West Virginia. Life expectancy is low, crime rates high, and the air dreadful (if improving). A 2010 report from the Milken Institute, a think-tank, found three San Joaquin Valley cities among the ten least-educated in the country. And joblessness, long the scourge of the valley (see chart), is keeping its grip. Locals hate being told by outsiders that they live in “the Appalachia of the West”, but in the same breath acknowledge it is true.
For decades the fertile soils of the valley, which provide about 40% of America's fresh produce, have attracted workers from poorer lands, from the dust-bowl Okies of the 1930s to the Mexicans and Central Americans who dominate today's agricultural labour force. (By one estimate, 90% of valley farmworkers are in the United States illegally.) Over one-fifth of jobs in the Central Valley are linked to agriculture.
More recently Californians and other Americans have flocked to the region, sucked in by low house prices and living costs. That helped inflate a bubble that popped in 2007-08, but the state still forecasts that the population of the San Joaquin Valley will more than double to 8.2m by 2060. That will create fresh challenges for public services, employment and, particularly, infrastructure (hence the need, say officials, for a statewide high-speed rail link; see next story). A journey through the valley makes the difficulties clear.
At the southern tip of the San Joaquin Valley lies Kern County. This is oil land, and the spoils of the commodity boom have brought an optimism entirely absent from communities farther north. Pumpjacks nod tirelessly, as they have since the late 19th century, in the large oilfields outside Bakersfield, the county seat. Business leaders enthuse about the possibilities of fracking the Monterey shale, a vast oil formation, and of the solar and wind farms that dot nearby mountains and plains. Bakersfield is one of America's fastest-growing cities, and few locals hesitate to contrast its fortunes with the rest of the valley.
Yet, despite its energy riches, Kern County shares many of its neighbours' troubles. A quarter of the population lives in poverty. At 11.5%, unemployment is close to the regional average. Far more people toil in low-paying farming jobs than in the energy sector. A common complaint, as elsewhere in the valley, is the failure of local schools and colleges to attend to the needs of local employers. Kern County has been a major agricultural centre for decades, but it took the local university until 2011 to begin offering relevant courses.
Businesses throughout the valley find it hard to recruit locally. Ambitious types tend to leave. Among those who stay, a lack of basic skills and high levels of drug use mean that employers struggle to fill even menial positions. Poor schooling is a chronic problem in the valley, but an even worse one nowadays, when many manufacturing and agricultural jobs require more skills than before.
Such concerns loom large in Fresno, the valley's biggest city. The Census Bureau predicts that one in six graduates will leave the place. Unemployment in Fresno County stands at 12.3%. Crime and homelessness are rampant, and visitors are warned not to stay in the city centre. Mark Arax, a local author, recently asked readers of the Fresno Bee how anyone could “breathe its foul air, ignore its shared poverty, abide its corruptions”. Regretfully, readers tended to agree with him.
Still, there are signs of hope if you seek them. They include the energetic mayor, Ashley Swearingen, and the business leaders behind the Boomerang Project, an optimistic attempt to inspire Fresnan emigrants to return. Business groups and investors speak hopefully about the city's strength in water-use technology, given the complexity of the surrounding irrigation channels. “It's not going to be the next Silicon Valley,” says Fred Mendez at Rabobank, a community bank. “But there is real opportunity there.”
Sixty miles north-west of Fresno sits Merced, where the foreclosure crisis struck with particular ferocity: in 2009 the city had the third-highest rate in the country. House prices fell by two-thirds. The city is ringed by Irish-style half-built housing estates like the Bellevue Ranch, where handsome houses with green lawns and SUVs in the driveway share space with vacant brown lots baked hard by the valley sun.
Drive just two miles east and you reach the glittering University of California Merced campus, the most recent addition to one of America's best public universities. When it opened in 2005 locals hoped it would provide the region with an economic jolt. The housing crash dashed those dreams, but the campus has begun to forge industry links in areas like solar energy and biotech, and spin-offs may follow.
Yet the story behind UC Merced also shows the valley at its worst. Rather than celebrating the arrival of a first-class seat of learning in the region, the backers of competing proposals in Fresno and Madera grumbled and sniped. A similar dynamic is alive today as cities scrap to be the place where the high-speed trains are inspected and repaired. “You often have competition rather than co-operation,” says Carol Whiteside, who as president of the Great Valley Centre, a research institute, has worked on regional infrastructure projects. The potential benefits of high-speed rail, she hopes, will foster a more collaborative spirit.
If the valley is to pick itself up, that is probably one necessary ingredient. A renewed focus on education, particularly among Latinos, is another. The valley is unlikely ever to enjoy the wealth of its coastal cousins. But by fastening on its advantages, especially in agricultural industries, and acknowledging its limits, it may be able to offer its children a brighter future than their parents had.
Mr Sharon, an activist for the opposition Kadima party said that Israel's south would only be calm when Israel would be able to declare total victory over Hamas and other radical groups in the city.
Otherwise the alternative would be to reoccupy the territory that his father ordered a withdrawal from in 2005. To do so the army should unleash an all-out assault. "Flatten all of Gaza. The Americans didn't stop with Hiroshima – the Japanese weren't surrendering fast enough, so they hit Nagasaki, too," he wrote in the Jerusalem Post.
Mr Sharon, who is also a major in Israel's reserve forces, said the government should force the leadership of Gaza to capitulate by cutting off all supplies.
"There should be no electricity in Gaza, no gasoline or moving vehicles, nothing. Then they'd really call for a ceasefire," he wrote.
"Were this to happen, the images from Gaza might be unpleasant – but victory would be swift, and the lives of our soldiers and civilians spared.
"If the government isn't prepared to go all the way on this, it will mean reoccupying the entire Gaza Strip. Not a few neighbourhoods in the suburbs, as with Cast Lead, but the entire Strip, like in Defensive Shield, so that rockets can no longer be fired.
While the elder Mr Sharon, one of the most distinguished soldiers in Israel's history, remains incapacitated, Gilad claimed recently he can communicate with his father by gestures and eye movements.
The youngest son of the family, Gilad was the gatekeeper to his father during his time in office. He now manages the family farm in the Negev desert.
A storm of hostile comments was triggered on Twitter by the remarks.
"Why did JPost publish Gilad Sharon's horrible, racist call to kill innocent Arabs to protect "truly innocent" Jews?" asked Tim Jacob Wise.
Cops and private security guards cast the fine fishing nets into the rear wheels of the speeding motorcycles, clogging the machinery and bringing the bike slowly to a halt.
In the past year hundreds of errant bikers have been caught and fined by the traffic police unit in Thanh Hoa Province, where the technique was pioneered after other methods failed or posed a danger to other road users.
Police had previously tried putting up fences or sacks of straw to stop the racers. But the motorcyclists simply rode through the barricades, or span around sharply posing a risk to others.
Now police use their experience to guess where the racers are heading and radio ahead to have their colleagues lie in wait with the fine yet strong fishing nets prepared.
"Without the nets, mob racing in the province would have caused chaos by now," said Luu Thien Minh, head of the Thanh Hoa police traffic unit. "The method does not cause accidents to the racers and limits dangers to other travellers on the streets and to the police." Mr Minh said his department had applied to the Public Security Ministry to legalise the motorbike fishing method, but had yet to receive a response.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has a double-digit edge over Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in Indiana, a new poll released Wednesday finds.
A new Monmouth University poll found that the GOP nominee leads his Democratic counterpart by 11 points, 47 percent to 36 percent, in a three-way contest in the home state of Trump's running mate, Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE.
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson Gary Earl JohnsonPotential GOP primary challenger: Trump's 'contempt for the American people' behind possible bid The Hill's 12:30 Report — Presented by Kidney Care Partners — Trump escalates border fight with emergency declaration Former Mass. governor takes step toward Trump primary challenge MORE takes 10 percent, while 5 percent remain undecided.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump narrowly leads independent voters with 38 percent, while Clinton takes 34 percent and Johnson 18 percent.
But both Trump and Clinton have negative favorability ratings in the Hoosier State. Thirty-three percent of voters view him favorably, while 54 percent have an unfavorable opinion. Clinton's ratings are worse: 28 percent view her favorably, while 62 percent view her unfavorably.
“Pence is likely boosting the GOP ticket's prospects here, as Indiana voters really don't like either of the two presidential nominees,” said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute. “In fact, their favorability ratings are among the lowest the Monmouth University Poll has found anywhere we've polled.”
Indiana is considered a reliably red state that was narrowly won by President Obama in 2008. The Wednesday survey is a bright spot for Trump, who has seen sagging poll numbers in recent weeks both nationally and in battleground states.
The poll was conducted from Aug. 13 to 16 and surveyed 403 likely Indiana voters via phone. The margin of error was 4.9 percentage points.
Donald Trump just lost his 4-star character witness.
That didn't take long, did it? It's been less than three months since retired Marine Corps General John Kelly moved from Homeland Security secretary to White House chief of staff. Kelly's new job, never an easy one, was to ease the infighting, fire the worst crackpots and bring some basic credibility to a president who often has trouble distinguishing between Breitbart News and the truth.
Kelly was actually making progress. Goodbye, Mooch! Goodbye, Bannon! Then Thursday, he marched into the briefing room to clean up the president's latest, self-inflicted mess: a clumsy condolence call to a Gold Star family, a gratuitous attack on a Florida congresswoman and an inaccurate attack on previous U.S. presidents. Just another day in Trumpland, you know.
Kelly's presentation started out promisingly, as he compellingly described how the U.S. military normally responds when a U.S. service member is killed. The iced-down body. The somber helicopter ride. The condolence officer's careful words. Chilling stuff all around. Then, for no good reason, it all went to hell. Kelly began channeling his crude, truth-challenged boss, delivering an ugly, personal and, oh yeah, utterly false attack on congresswoman Frederica Wilson.
At a 2015 dedication of an FBI building in Florida, he said, she “stood up there…and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money—$20 million—to build the building. And she sat down."
Unfortunately, a video proves none of that was true, except for the sitting-down part. Wilson wasn't even in Congress when the money was approved.
Now, people make mistakes, even 4-star Marine Corps generals. That's not the really bad part.
But faced with this glaring falsehoods, Kelly pulled a Trump. For four long days, the once-credible general has refused to take back a word of his slander. He dispatched White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders to double-down on phony assertions, while he has uttered not a word of apology.
What can you say?
The general learned from the master.
Duck, deny, accuse, rinse, repeat.
Metro columnist Ellis Henican is the best-selling author of a dozen books, including TRUMPITUDE: The Secret Confessions of Donald's Brain, coming next month from Post Hill Press. He is on Twitter @henican.
Image caption The Chinese government has been in a long-running dispute with Google
The Chinese government has renewed Google's licence to operate in China, the internet giant has said, ending a long-running stand-off between the two.
Google gave no details of the licence renewal.
There had been speculation China would revoke the licence after Google began redirecting Chinese users to its unfiltered search site in Hong Kong.
But last month, in a conciliatory move towards Beijing, Google said it would no longer automatically redirect users.
Analysis The battle between Google and the Chinese government appears to have ended in a score-draw. Google can truthfully say that it has stopped censoring search results in China, fulfilling the promise it made at the end of last year. Its Chinese search business is effectively moribund in the country but it can continue to operate in other areas like music, so that Chinese citizens remain aware of its brand. The Chinese government has made sure that its citizens cannot receive unfiltered search results because searches have to pass back from Hong Kong through the firewall where sensitive material can be removed. A source at Google said: "We've had a lot of messages from China saying don't let Google go dark -we've managed to do that while staying true to our principles. "
Instead, Chinese users would be sent to a "landing page", which would send them to the Hong Kong site.
"We are very pleased that the government has renewed our ICP (internet content provider) licence and we look forward to continuing to provide web search and local products to our users in China," Google's lawyer David Drummond said in an e-mailed statement.
Google's share price rose 2.8% in Friday trading following the announcement.
On Thursday, Google boss Eric Schmidt said that he expected the Chinese government to renew the licence.
'Cyberattack'
Google has had a long history of run-ins with the Chinese authorities, but without a licence granted by Beijing, it cannot operate in China.
"Our operations in China are completely at the discretion of the Chinese government," Mr Schmidt has said.
In January, Google said it might pull out of China following what it called a "sophisticated" cyberattack originating from the country.
The attacks targeted the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists, along with the computers and infrastructure of Google and several other US firms.
GOOGLE CHINA TIMELINE January 2006: Google launches in China
March 2009: China blocks access to YouTube
June 2009: China introduces filtering software on all new PCs
January 2010: Google says it may pull out of China after cyberattacks
January 2010: China denounces US criticism of its internet controls
March 2010: China's state media attacks Google for close ties with the White House
March 2010: Google says will automatically redirect China customers to uncensored Hong Kong site
June 2010: Google says China customers now have to actively click on Hong Kong site
July 2010: China renews Google licence
Following the threat to withdraw, some passers-by laid flowers outside Google's offices to thank the company for standing up for its principles.
The US government even issued a statement saying it was "disappointed" that Google and China had not been able to resolve their differences.
'Issues remain'
The licence renewal is key to Google. Losing business in China, which already has more internet users than any other country despite relatively low penetration, could harm the company's future growth prospects.
Analysts welcomed the renewal, but warned that fundamental differences between Google and China remained.
"It is good news for the Chinese consumer and good news for the Chinese internet industry that Google is still available in the country in some shape or form," said Ted Dean at Beijing-based business advisory firm BDA.
"But many of the issues around why Google shut down its Chinese search page in the first place are still there."
Elinor Leung, at investment firm CLSA in Hong Kong, went even further, arguing that "this doesn't really change anything about Google's position in China. The redirection to its Hong Kong site is ongoing so it is the same problem as before".
Nut rage case: Korean Air executive's daughter Heather Cho sentenced to prison for breaking aviation law
Updated
A South Korean court has sentenced the daughter of the chairman of Korean Air to one year in prison for breaking aviation law in the so-called nut rage case.
Heather Cho, daughter of Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho and the former head of in-flight service, was found guilty of having violated the law by ordering the plane to return to the gate after it started to taxi on December 5 last year.
Prosecutors sought a three-year prison term if she was convicted of breaking aviation law and another charge.
Cho had demanded the crew chief be removed from the flight at John F Kennedy airport in New York after a flight attendant served her macadamia nuts in a bag, not on a dish.
The plane, already moving to taxi, returned to the gate.
Cho later resigned from her posts at the airline and subsidiaries in the face of public anger over her behaviour.
Cho's lawyers told the court at a previous hearing that she felt sorry for her action and she did not merit legal punishment.
Heather Cho is the oldest of Cho Yang-ho's three children. Her siblings are also executives with the airline.
She has been in detention since December 30.
The nut rage incident, as it has become known, has stirred public outrage and ridicule in South Korea and raised questions about the power of the country's "chaebol" conglomerates.
ABC/Wires
Topics: courts-and-trials, air-transport, korea-republic-of, asia
First posted
Throughout the early Democratic primary race, President Barack Obama has remained mostly quiet, only occasionally weighing in on the battle to succeed him. In a wide-ranging interview, however, Obama seemed to tip his hand, describing Hillary Clinton as “wicked smart” and implying that Bernie Sanders is a one-issue candidate.
“[The] one thing everybody understands is that this job right here, you don't have the luxury of just focusing on one thing,” the president said in a wide-ranging interview with Politico published Monday, exactly one week before the Iowa caucuses kick off the primary voting season.
While Sanders has a comprehensive policy platform, his driving concern has been income inequality and the corrupting influence that money has on the political process. Obama acknowledged that the issue is resonating with voters (“Well, I don't want to play political consultant, because obviously what he's doing is working”), but noted that the Vermont senator would have to demonstrate that he could “pass a series of hurdles that the voters are going to put in front of you.”
As an example, he brought up the recent moment when he learned that Iran had captured several U.S. soldiers while he was drafting his recent State of the Union address: “that's maybe a dramatic example, but not an unusual example of the job.”
Sanders, like Obama, has managed to capture the imaginations of many of the same young, motivated college-aged voters that helped elect Obama. But the president, who won a shocking victory over Clinton in the 2008 Iowa caucuses, told Politico that he doesn't believe Sanders' surge is similar to his own, and later acknowledged that he'd come around to Clinton's description of the presidency—the same description that she'd used to criticize Obama eight years ago: “I think that what Hillary presents is a recognition that translating values into governance and delivering the goods is ultimately the job of politics, making a real-life difference to people in their day-to-day lives.”
Off-the-record sources told Politico that, privately, Obama supports Clinton, who's once again facing an uphill battle in Iowa, where she and Sanders are nearly neck and neck in the polls. With Sanders poised to take New Hampshire, Clinton desperately needs a victory in Iowa to prove that she won't be undercut by the passion propelling the self-described democratic socialist. In recent debate appearances, Clinton has tactically presented herself as Obama's successor. Without acknowledging it directly, the 44th president hinted that it would ultimately be a successful strategy: “My bet is that the candidate who can project hope still is the candidate who the American people, over the long term, will gravitate towards,” Obama said.
Update (1:23 P.M.): During an appearance Monday on CNN, a Sanders campaign adviser blasted Obama's comments, characterizing them as “to be expected” and arguing that the “political establishment ... is supporting continuity.”
“Bernie is saying to millions of Americans, and that's where the energy is coming from, that we can work for change,” Larry Cohen said. “It's not simple, it won't be just ‘elect me,' it'll be that we have to work for change on city councils, on state legislatures, and everything up and down the scale.”
Bernie Sanders FOLLOW Hillary Clinton FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
Tesco is to build 4,000 new homes in an attempt to make use of its vast undeveloped landbank with a £1bn construction programme.
The plan, announced weeks after the Guardian revealed that Tesco is hoarding land that could support 15,000 homes, is the biggest housebuilding project ever announced by the supermarket.
A Guardian investigation of Land Registry records found that the retailer was sitting on 310 sites that do not currently house a Tesco store.
Among the Tesco sites set for housing developments following Friday's announcement will be Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, close to the retailer's operational headquarters, where it plans to build more than 700 homes on a site where it previously planned a store.
The trade journal Property Week said the majority of the sites will be in the south-east of England but developments are also scheduled further north, including in Liverpool and the west of England. Schemes include 80 houses and flats on the former Evershed printing works site in St Albans, Hertfordshire.
Tesco said it was likely to build homes itself via its development wing, Spenhill, while also selling sites to housing developers, in a programme that has been valued by Property Week at £1bn, based on a valuation of £250,000 per home.
A Tesco spokesperson said: "In response to changing customer shopping habits we have decided to reduce the amount of new store space we build each year, building fewer large stores. Where we no longer intend to develop sites, we sell them, lease them or develop them for housing.
"We are pleased to be bringing new investment to communities up and down the country and playing our part in meeting local housing needs over the coming years."
Last April Tesco boss Philip Clarke cut the value of about 460,000 sq m of its land by £800m as he admitted the company would have to sell off land where it had previously planned to build stores, store extensions and distribution centres. However, the company has been slow to act as the most ready buyers for much of its land stock are likely to have been rivals such as the fast-growing Aldi and Lidl chains.
Retail analysts said Tesco was now turning to housing developments because residential development was more economically viable. The poor performance of out-of-town supermarkets meant the land was not necessarily worth more if it was dedicated to new retail sites.
Clive Black, an analyst at Shore Capital, said Tesco was under pressure to act due to public and political demand for space to build housing, alongside calls from shareholders to recoup some of the value of the land.
"This is a silver lining on a very dark cloud," said Black. "Tesco is at least trying to maximise value after a high-profile profit writedown but it's not clear how much it will be able to claw back. It's a sensible move and better than building a Tesco store that's not economic or selling to the competition."
Tesco already has a policy of building homes above or beside its stores as part of efforts to gain planning permission. In London alone, Tesco was set to build more than 800 homes last year, close to 5% of all non-local authority homes being built in the capital. That included projects in Woolwich, Highams Green and Streatham, where Tesco built a total of 450 homes.
Other supermarkets are also developing housing, with at least 4,500 homes expected to be built by the major grocers between 2013 and 2018. J Sainsbury was set to begin projects involving more than 1,500 homes this year, including a partnership with Barratt on a major development in Battersea, south London, which includes 700 homes and a new tube station. Some developments are smaller in scale. Waitrose has developed a number of stores topped by flats, while many retailers are turning redundant pubs into convenience stores with housing above.
Elon Musk pulled his children out of an established school after discovering they weren't receiving the quality of education catered to their abilities. So how does an entrepreneurial billionaire effect change? By building his own school. Even hiring one of his kids' former instructors to help start the small academy of mostly SpaceX employee parents.
Known as Ad Astra, or Latin for "to the stars", the small school only had 14 students for the 2014-2015 academic year, but enrollment is expected to grow to 20 in the fall. Business Insider reports the father wants to eliminate grades and focus on the important elements of each subject and course. There's no "assembly line" for kids to fall in line.
By integrating the thinking process to include a progressive step-by-step approach at once, children will be challenged and able to understand result through a systemic pattern.
Talking about the school on Beijing Television with Yang Lan, Musk broke down what doesn't work in the American education complex. "Let's say you're trying to teach people about how engines work. A more traditional approach would be saying, 'we're going to teach all about screwdrivers and wrenches.' This is a very difficult way to do it."
Children lose inspiration by eliminating curiosity and putting everything into a chore. "It's important to teach problem-solving, or teach to the problem and not the tools." He uses the motor example in a more functional, linear solution.
"How are we going to take it apart? You need a screwdriver." When you show "what the screwdriver is for," he explains "a very important thing happens" because students then witness the relevancy of task, tool, and solution in a long term application. It doesn't matter if the tool is a screwdriver or red ink pen.
@elonmusk's #AdAstra initiative reminds me of the new Finnish approach to education. A much-needed substitute to our old school systems— David Dizon (@MrDizon) May 24, 2015
Musk's approach to delete grade level numbers and focus on aptitude may take the pressure off non-linear students and creates a more balanced assessment of ingenuity. The current United States focus on catching up to other world leader levels of STEM (science, technology, engineer, and math) may be a hindrance for someone who prefers to read or learns through visual mediums instead of texts.
Something he understands as a nerd and a father equally.
Admitting books were "comforting" as a child and to reading everything from science fiction to the encyclopedia and philosophers from “morning to night," it's easy to see why he was so enthusiastic in building Ad Astra. Claiming the children "really love going to school," he also points out that not everyone will be strong in every subject, or be able to retain regurgitated standardized aptitude facts beyond the test.
"It makes more sense to cater the education to match their aptitudes and abilities." And the line of thinking isn't entirely new, but is somewhat controversial.
Stating that his five boys "think vacations are too long" implies a school were education still magic and wonder. As children are forced to endure more and more standardized testing to pass limited education goals, parents and educators begin to wonder if the system adds up to success.
PBS's Frontline provides a parental primer on what to expect within the realm of testing and who says what. Not everything is relevant to the College Board, which produces the SAT—a test many feels has little to do with actual high school education.
The National Assessment of Education Progress (NAEP) charts American student progress through overall trends and statistics. The lack of partisan data means that many scholars and policymakers find the data to be helpful. But the testing does not particularly fit students who think outside the box or who is a problem solve in a non-linear fashion. In that case, the lack of distraction in Ad Astra would offer a chance to excel through experience.
Some parents debate private school yields higher academic knowledge. Yet a 2006 NAEP study proves the results were not “significantly different” in Grade 4 reading levels and comprehension. The only time the data outlined a possibility of uneven retention was when the data was not adjusted to co-variates. However, in mathematics, the biggest discrepancy occurred when the seemingly higher ranked private education fell below public education.
The general assessment bears out that private school educational rankings do not vary enough to support public opinion. The only major difference is private schools offer a better chance at networking, especially in small, elite schools like Ad Astra where teachers are able to focus on individual students.
Interestingly, private enrollment fell 3 percent between 1985 and 2013. But it is impossible to compare modern educational framework, goals, and accomplishments due to new guidelines enacted in 2009.
While many parents debate if private or public schools are the best place for their children, Elon Musk decided to reinvent not just the education system but the academic stakes as well.
Promoting a deeper look into creative but practical solutions means that SpaceX parents may find their children not just reading about some amazing engine in a decade, but inventing the product and knowing how to instinctively follow patterns because Elon Musk believed in their potential.
"In physics, you're always taught to question yourself. To assume you're not right." Let's hope Musk is wrong since there's more than one way to ride a shuttle to the stars.
Watch Elon Musk talk about his school Ad Astra in the interview below.
One count of gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated
An alternative count of gross vehicular manslaughter
Two counts of driving under the influence resulting in injury
Two counts of driving with a .08% blood alcohol content causing injury
Great bodily injury allegations for all four vehicle code violations
This July 22, 2017 photo provided by the Merced County Sheriff, shows Obdulia Sanchez in Merced, Calif.
EMBED >More News Videos Family members say her 14-year-old sister was killed, and a live recording of the crash has gone viral.
EMBED >More News Videos 14-year-old daughter Jacquelin Sanchez was killed in a crash happened while her sister Obdulia was live streaming on Instagram.
An 18-year-old pleaded not guilty to all charges on Wednesday stemming from a fatal crash in Central California that she livestreamed on Instagram.Obdulia Sanchez was charged with the following:She appeared in court via teleconference for her arraignment Wednesday afternoon. In yellow jail garb and with her hands in cuffs, Sanchez was seen on a small screen as she was read her charges.She said she did not have sufficient funds to hire her own attorney, so one was appointed to her. That attorney entered the not guilty pleas on Sanchez's behalf.Sanchez was previously convicted in 2015 for a reckless driving incident that occurred in 2013, according to the California Department of Motor Vehicles.Prosecutors said the Instagram video will be a key piece of evidence in the case.Sanchez was driving the car on Friday when the vehicle veered onto the shoulder near Henry Miller Road and Highway 165 outside of Los Banos in Merced County.She overcorrected, causing the car to swerve and roll over into a field, ejecting and killing her 14-year-old sister, Jacqueline Sanchez, officials said."I f------ killed my sister. I know I'm going to jail for life, I understand that," Sanchez says in the video. "I don't give a f---."Another 14-year-old girl, Manuela Seja, suffered a leg injury in the crash.Manuela, who had been dating Jacqueline for seven months, described her girlfriend as a unique and funny individual who wanted to travel.Family members say Jacqueline was supposed to celebrate her quinceanera on Sunday. Loved ones started a GoFundMe page for Jacqueline's funeral expenses.According to CHP, Obdulia Sanchez was under the influence at the time of the wreck. Prosecutors say Sanchez could spend more than 13 years in state prison if convicted of all the charges.
Image caption The Jersey born actor is the first non-American to don the red Superman cape
Superman Henry Cavill will come to the island for the Jersey premiere of Man of Steel.
He is the first non-American to don the red cape, and is from the Channel Island.
Cavill and some of the film's other cast members will be in the island for the first showing of the film in St Helier on Friday 14 June.
The Jersey premiere at Cineworld is set for two days after the UK premiere next month.
The film is directed by Zack Snyder who also directed 300 and Watchmen.
Henry Cavill was born in Jersey and went to St Michael's preparatory school in St Saviour before going to Stowe boarding school in Buckinghamshire.
He found fame playing Charles Brandon in the Tudors and was shortlisted to play James Bond. He also appeared in Immortals.
Coachella East? Goldenvoice hopes so. The concert organizers and producers behind the California music festival announced Panorama, a music festival to take place July 22 to 24 in New York City's Randall's Island Park.
“We look forward to bringing Panorama to New York City and introducing a new festival that showcases today's top music acts,” said Goldenvoice Festival Producer Mark Shulman in a statement. “We're committed to creating an event that will provide significant benefits to New York City with the level of experience and meticulous attention to detail for which Goldenvoice is known.”
The inaugural festival vows to feature premier musical performances, art installations, and highlight the city's food scene. The name of the festival references the Panorama of the City of New York, a 10,000 square-foot to-scale model of the city, hosted at the Queens Museum.
Panorama will be the second major music festival in NYC. Governors Ball comes back for its sixth year in the beginning of June. Kanye West, The Killers, and The Strokes are headlining.
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, and music.
Goldenvoice reiterated its support for Queens and the communities of Flushing Meadows-Corona Park. “Goldenvoice has received tremendous support from the local community and elected officials who recognize the immense economic benefits these types of events deliver to their businesses and constituents,” Shulman said in a statement. “We look forward to continuing our discussions with NYC Parks to create an event to take place in Queens in the future.”
As for Goldenvoice's golden goose, Coachella features the reuniting of both Guns N' Roses and LCD Soundsystem, in addition to Calvin Harris. The desert festival set in Indio, California runs two weekends: April 15 to 17, and April 22 to 24.
Ticket info and lineups are not available yet for Panorama.
The government of Saudi Arabia is speaking out for the first time about the controversy surrounding a $15-billion arms deal with Canada, saying it will not accept outside criticism of its human rights record and pointing out that Riyadh could have easily purchased the armoured combat vehicles elsewhere.
In a statement, the Saudi embassy in Ottawa decried what it called "sensationalized and politicized" coverage of the deal brokered by the Canadian government. Ottawa is the prime contractor on a deal to supply the Saudi Arabian National Guard, which is responsible for combatting internal threats, with London, Ont.-produced fighting machines that will be equipped with machine guns or anti-tank cannons.
The previous Conservative government, which inked the deal, and the current Liberal government, which refuses to suspend the shipments, have faced criticism for allowing Ottawa to act as an arms supplier to a country that is regularly rated among the "worst of the worst" by Freedom House when it comes to human rights.
Story continues below advertisement
Two former Liberal cabinet ministers, Irwin Cotler and Lloyd Axworthy, have called on the government to reconsider the deal, but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said it would hurt Canada's reputation if it annulled the contract. Ottawa retains the right to suspend exports of the machines but has not acted, even in the face of mass executions in January and accusations by a United Nations panel that the Saudi-led air campaign in Yemen has been indiscriminately killing non-combatants through "widespread and systematic" bombing runs.
The Saudi embassy said it will not allow outsiders to dictate what happens inside Saudi Arabia. "The kingdom of Saudi Arabia does not accept any interference in its jurisdiction or internal affairs by any party," it said in its statement.
The embassy said the idea that human rights should be universal – or adopted by all states worldwide – must not interfere with Islamic rules.
"The kingdom of Saudi Arabia believes that call[s] for universality of human rights does not mean imposition of principles and values that go against our Islamic values and religion," it said.
It also made a point of noting that the Saudis could have bought their military goods elsewhere, saying it gave Canada the contract in an effort to strengthen ties. "Although Saudi Arabia had multiple options from different manufacturers, the contract was awarded to General Dynamics Land Systems to support the bilateral desire to increase trade between the two countries and promote the numerous advantages of deepening Saudi-Canada investment relationships," the embassy said.
Foreign Affairs Minister Stéphane Dion's chief spokesman said the Trudeau government had no comment on the Saudi statements.
The Riyadh statement comes after The Globe and Mail has repeatedly contacted the Saudi embassy as part of its extensive coverage of the $15-billion arms deal over the past 14 months.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The arms supply contract will support 3,000 jobs in Canada for nearly 15 years – many of them in the London, Ont., area.
The embassy argued that sharia law – the Islamic legal system – in Saudi Arabia protects human rights and equality. "The kingdom … adheres to Islamic sharia (law), which calls for preserving and protecting human rights."
Saudi Arabia is among the biggest executioners in the world, often carrying out sentences carried out by beheading.
Women cannot drive in Saudi Arabia. Saudi authorities took harsh measures against women who defied this ban in 2015. The male guardianship system there means that women cannot obtain a passport, marry, travel or obtain higher education without the approval of a male guardian, usually a husband, father, brother or son.
Public practice of religion other than Islam is forbidden, as are challenges to Islam. Saudi writer Raif Badawi was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes after being convicted of blasphemy.
The Saudi embassy said Canadians are being fed misleading information. "The judiciary system in Saudi Arabia is independent, fair and transparent. It ensures equality and the right of litigation for all citizens and expatriates on its territory," the Saudis said.
Story continues below advertisement
"We have tremendous respect for the judicial systems of other countries and we expect that other countries would respect ours."
A spokeswoman at the Saudi embassy said the ambassador was not available to comment on Friday.
The federal government refuses to explain to Canadians how the deal with Saudi Arabia is justified under Canada's arms export control regime, and in particular how rules that restrict shipments to countries with poor human rights records would allow this agreement to proceed.
Cesar Jaramillo, executive director of the anti-war group Project Ploughshares, which monitors the arms trade, said he found it odd that the Saudis made it seem "as if they were doing Canada a favour" with the contract and consider coverage of their human rights record as "sensational" media.
"It's hard to see how information on the January, 2016, mass execution by the Saudi regime – the worst in decades – or on the UN report highlighting widespread and systematic targeting of civilians by the Saudi coalition in Yemen could reasonably be considered misleading," Mr. Jaramillo said.
He said Canadians who hoped closer business ties with Riyadh might give Ottawa some leverage on human rights conduct with Saudi Arabia should be disappointed by the embassy's comments.
Story continues below advertisement
"The Saudi embassy has made it abundantly clear that any efforts in this regard will be deemed intolerable interference," Mr. Jaramillo said.
In opposition, the Liberals were frequent critics of the secrecy surrounding the deal and Saudi Arabia's human rights record.
In particular, Mr. Trudeau's top adviser, Gerald Butts, used his Twitter account to attack Stephen Harper's Conservatives for their close ties to the Saudis, especially in the context of the $15-billion contract. "Remind me, did Harper ever disclose the terms of his arms deal with Saudi Arabia?" he wrote during the 2015 election campaign.
Mr. Butts, currently the Prime Minister's principal secretary, at one point used his Twitter account to draw comparisons between the justice system in Saudi Arabia and under the Islamic State – and blaming the Saudis for the birth of the extremist group.
He criticized the Tories for trumpeting what they called their "principled foreign policy" while counting the Saudis among Canada's top allies.
In March, 2015, Mr. Butts applauded the Swedish government for denouncing human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia. He posted a link to a story that included an account of how Sweden announced that it would not renew a military co-operation deal with the Saudis worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
This is the Mercedes-AMG GT Concept. It's a four-door version of the AMG GT sports car, and Mercedes-AMG says it's a preview of a real car it'll release down the road. And damn, does it look good.
Unlike the current AMG GT lineup which is focused on gasoline-fired power only, the GT concept offers a hybrid powertrain inspired by the Mercedes-AMG Formula One cars. Total system output, from the electric motor and the 4-liter twin-turbo V8, is 805 horsepower. AMG calls it EQ Power+ (also a name borrowed from the F1 car), branding that will be applied to all performance hybrids from the company going forward.
wait, did you say 805 horsepower?
With a 0–60 time of less than three seconds, a big luggage compartment, and a comfortable interior, the AMG GT is a roomy four-door beauty with performance — at least in a straight line — rivaling today's top supercars.
The Mercedes-AMG GT concept is stunning. pic.twitter.com/E0qKXJKQNL — Vlad Savov (@vladsavov) March 7, 2017
It can be driven in an electric-only mode (range not disclosed), or its electric motor can be used as a booster to make the GT Concept even quicker. The battery is charged while the vehicle is driven, just like in Formula One, to ensure maximum performance is available at all times. Again like in F1, battery charging occurs during braking or from the combustion engine if charge drops too far.
I'll withhold judgement on the performance specs until the thing becomes a reality — until then, I'll just admire the GT Concept and think about how it would look in my garage.
(Lauren Cater/CNA)
Pope Calls Faithful to Participate Actively in Politics
Catholics also should pray for political leaders, the Holy Father instructs, petitioning that they govern with humility and love.
CNA/EWTN NEWS
VATICAN CITY — Catholics should not be indifferent to politics, Pope Francis said, but they should offer their suggestions, as well as prayers, that their leaders may serve the common good in humility and love.
In his Sept. 16 daily homily at St. Martha House, the Pope rejected the idea that “a good Catholic doesn't meddle in politics.”
“That's not true. That is not a good path,” he said, according to Vatican Radio. “A good Catholic meddles in politics, offering the best of himself, so that those who govern can govern.”
“None of us can say, ‘I have nothing to do with this; they govern,'” Pope Francis told those present for the Mass. Rather, citizens are responsible for participating in politics according to their ability, and in this way, they are responsible for their leadership.
“Politics, according to the social doctrine of the Church, is one of the highest forms of charity, because it serves the common good,” he explained. “I cannot wash my hands, eh? We all have to give something!”
He noted that it is sometimes common for people to speak only critically of their leaders, to complain about “things that don't go well.”
Instead of simply complaining, we should offer ourselves — our ideas, our suggestions and, most of all, our prayers, the Holy Father said.
Observing that prayer is “the best that we can offer to those who govern,” he pointed to St. Paul's Letter to Timothy inviting prayer for the conversion and strong leadership of those in authority.
Even if they believe certain politicians to be “wicked,” Christians should pray “that they can govern well, that they can love their people, that they can serve their people, that they can be humble,” he said.
At the same time, the Pope reflected on the role of those who hold political power, stressing the need for humility and love.
Reflecting on the Gospel of the centurion who humbly and confidently asked for the healing of his servant, the Holy Father explained that “a leader who doesn't love cannot govern — at best, they can discipline; they can give a little bit of order, but they can't govern.”
In addition, he emphasized, “You can't govern without loving the people and without humility.”
“And every man, every woman who has to take up the service of government must ask themselves two questions: ‘Do I love my people in order to serve them better? Am I humble, and do I listen to everybody, to diverse opinions in order to choose the best path?'”
“If you don't ask those questions, your governance will not be good,” Pope Francis continued. “The man or woman who governs — who loves his people — is a humble man or woman.”
Images from the Originals episode House Of The Rising Son
The CW has released some photos from the second episode of The Originals.
It airs on Tuesday, October 8 and it is called “House Of The Rising Son.” Here is how they describe it:
A FLASHBACK TO THE 1800s — When Rebekah (Claire Holt) arrives in New Orleans at her brother Elijah's (Daniel Gillies) insistence, she meets Hayley (Phoebe Tonkin), who gives her some unexpected news. Concerned that her brother Klaus is up to no good, Rebekah seeks help from a reluctant Sophie (Daniella Pineda.) At her wits' end, Hayley takes matters into her own hands, but things quickly take a dangerous turn. Determined to uncover Marcel's (Charles Michael Davis) secret weapon, Klaus stays one step ahead and executes his plan. Meanwhile, after a run-in with Marcel, Rebekah is reminded of all the anger and disappointment Klaus has caused her throughout the years. Finally, Marcel enlists Davina's (Danielle Campbell) help in his own dangerous plan. Leah Pipes also stars. Brad Turner directed the episode written by Diane Ademu-John and Declan de Barra (#101).
Here are a lot of preview photos:
THE ORIGINALS ◄ Back Next ► Picture 1 of 16 The Originals -- "House of the Rising Son" -- Pictured: Joseph Morgan as Klaus -- Image Number: OR101a_0014.jpg -- Photo: Bob Mahoney/The CW -- © 2013 The CW Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
Come talk The Originals on our forum!
New Delhi: Five days after he stressed on the need to play cricket, engage with Pakistan, Board of Cricket for Control in India (BCCI) secretary Anurag Thakur has taken a U-turn on the burning issue.
ALSO READ: Will wait for 2 more days, after that series is off: Shaharyar Khan
According to a report in The Indian Express, Thakur said, “We cannot play cricket with Pakistan when people are dying on the border.”
“We want peace with neighbours. Even the prime minister Modi wants that. But Pakistan has to be serious on terror, “ Thakur told NDTV.
ALSO READ: Sushma Swaraj remains tight-lipped as Indo-Pak cricket ties still hang in balance!
Earlier, speaking at The Indian Express Idea Exchange, the Lok Sabha MP from Hamirpur in Himachal Pradesh had said that the dialogues between the two countries could be improved only by engaging more.
ALSO READ: Need to play cricket, engage with Pakistan: Anurag Thakur
“I think you have to take a call (on) whether there should not be any talks. Let other countries go to UN and let other boards go to ICC for decisions, but you have to decide if you want to engage with them. So I think you have to decide diplomatically what call to take. If you engage (with Pakistan), then you can raise the issue of terrorism as well as cricket as well as trade. But if you don't engage, you give that opportunity to someone else,” said Thakur.
Thakur had also voiced his opinion saying since India were playing cricket with Pakistan in different tournaments, there's no point why they shouldn't play a bilateral series.
ALSO READ: I am not an astrologer to predict on Indo-Pak series: Shashank Manohar
“We play Pakistan in the World Cup. We played them in the 2015 World Cup, we'll play them next year in the Asia Cup. Then we'll again play them in the month of March in World T20. So when you play them in a multinational tournament in world events, then what stops you from playing them in a bilateral series. So that's the question we have to answer,” he said.
The final decision regarding the future of the series is pending with the Indian government after a green signal was given by Nawaz Sharif recently.
ALSO READ: Either give clearance or decide against it, what's the delay? Rajeev Shukla to govt on Indo-Pak series
Indian Premier League (IPL) chairman Rajeev Shukla had earlier confirmed that Sri Lanka had been decided as the neutral venue for the much-anticipated series between the neighbouring countries.
Notably, Najam Sethi was chairman of the board when the PCB and BCCI signed a MOU last year under which the two countries agree to play six series against each other between 2015 and 2023 with Pakistan hosting the first series in December this year in the UAE.
ALSO READ: Blow to Indo-Pak series: MoU signed between BCCI, PCB under scanner?
India has not played a full bilateral Test series with Pakistan after the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
The Ravens enter Sunday's showdown against the Steelers with two quarterbacks on their active roster: Joe Flacco, a four-year veteran who has never missed a start, and Tyrod Taylor, an untested rookie who is coping with a minor shoulder injury. Hunter Cantwell is running with the practice squad, so he doesn't count.
Despite throwing three interceptions in the preseason, Taylor did enough to win the trust of the coaching staff and keep the team from bringing in a more seasoned quarterback. It also helped his cause that the pickings on the open market were slim. But on Tuesday, a viable option presented itself in the form of David Garrard.
The Jaguars unexpectedly cut Garrard, opting to go with Luke McCown and Blaine Gabbert. They said it was a performance-based move, but they also saved $9 million by letting the 2009 Pro Bowl selection go.
Garrard was mostly mediocre as a starter, but if he signs on with a team as a second-stringer, he would be among the best backup quarterbacks in the NFL. The Ravens were in a similar situation last season when they signed former Rams quarterback Marc Bulger to give them depth at the position and peace of mind, too. Might they consider bringing in Garrard as insurance for Flacco?
“Don't be surprised if [the] Ravens take a hard look at David Garrard, who is expected to be released by [the] Jaguars,” our Ravens beat reporter Jamison Hensley wrote on Twitter after the Garrard news broke. “[The] Ravens need [a] veteran backup.”
They were the first team that ESPN's John Clayton mentioned as potential suitors. Garrard's agent told The Florida Times-Union on Tuesday that three teams had already inquired about Garrard's services. Were the Ravens one? Who knows?
The Ravens don't have much cap space, so money could be an issue if they do show interest in Garrard. If the interest is mutual and a deal is fiscally doable, why wouldn't the Ravens bring him in?
I like Taylor's potential, and maybe he would do just fine filling in for Flacco, but adding a proven player such as Garrard -- whether he is No. 2 or No. 3 on the depth chart -- is a luxury worth splurging on. He has won a playoff game, against Ben Roethlisberger and the Steelers in Pittsburgh, no less. Sure, if Flacco gets hurt, the team's title dreams will be trashed. Garrard may be able to salvage them.
Your turn: Should the Ravens show interest in David Garrard, or should they stand pat with Joe Flacco and Tyrod Taylor?
Jeb Bush, the former First Son and onetime first choice to reclaim the White House for the Republican Party, bowed out of the race on Saturday evening after failing to break fourth place in any of the three primary contests so far this year.
To add insult to a deeply bruising, personal injury, Bush's campaign and super-PAC, Right to Rise, blew through $130 million along the long road to nowhere. A detailed breakdown of how the candidate burned that cash over the last seven months makes one thing abundantly clear: Bush spent money like the wealthy prep-school kid he always was.
No self-respecting rich kid with access to a credit card would go seven months without a stint in Las Vegas, and Bush and his staff did not disappoint. While Bush didn't survive long enough to make it to Nevada, his campaign and super-PAC still poured nearly $50,000 into Sin City, specifically, at the Bellagio, the Wynn, and the Venetian hotels and casinos, according to a ledger re-created by The New York Times. Frankly, it could have been worse.
Most appropriately, Bush's team racked up $94,100 clubbing throughout his campaign, the Times reported. Though, for those envisioning Jeb! teetering on a banquet spraying bottles of champagne, these clubs were more of the “country” and “Ivy League” variety than the “night” kind. It is familiar territory for Bush, who spent his formative teenage years tucked away behind the centuries-old walls of Phillips Academy, where Vanity Fair contributing editor David Margolick reported he hung around with a “clique of wealthy kids,” which could likely describe just about every one of his generation to attend the New England boarding school. His campaign team shelling out a pretty penny to court donors at the Yale Club, the Westmore Club in Nantucket, the Union League Club of Chicago, and more than two dozen other private, preppy haunts, probably felt just like a second home (or third, or fourth, or fifth) for the former tennis team captain.
It seems, then, that campaign, with its $130 million spending spree befitting the best trust-fund baby, was simply an attempt by Bush to live up to his boarding school's motto: “The End Depends on the Beginning.” The nearly $5,000 pizza tab was just for kicks.
Jeb Bush FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
Dave Emory's entire life­time of work is avail­able on a flash drive that can be obtained here. The new drive is a 32-gigabyte drive that is current as of the programs and articles posted by 10/02/2014. The new drive (available for a tax-deductible contribution of $65.00 or more) contains FTR #812. (The previous flash drive was current through the end of May of 2012 and contained FTR #748.)
You can subscribe to e-mail alerts from Spitfirelist.com HERE.
You can subscribe to RSS feed from Spitfirelist.com HERE.
You can subscribe to the comments made on programs and posts–an excellent source of information in, and of, itself HERE.
COMMENT: A grotesque milestone, of sorts, was reached this past week. It is impossible in the present post to detail our coverage of Ukraine and the events there. Interested listeners are referred to the programs we have done on the subject to fill themselves in on developments in Ukraine.
We have covered the ascension of the OUN/B heirs in Ukraine in a number of programs: FTR #'s 777, 778, 779, 780, 781, 782, 783, 784, 794, 800, 803, 804, 808, 811, 817, 818.
This past week, the U.S. was one of three countries to vote against a U.N. resolution condemning the celebration of Nazi collaborators as “freedom fighters”–something the U.S. has been promoting since the end of World War II. Germany and the EU nations abstained.
Ukraine itself and Canada were the other countries that voted against the resolution. The OUN/B diaspora and its influence in the GOP and intelligence services of the U.S. is the primary consideration to be weighed in connection with this disgraceful episode.
The large OUN/B diaspora population in Canada undoubtedly has much to do with that nation's behavior in this context.
“Honoring Collaborators;” german-foreign-policy.com; 11/26/2014.
The Federal Republic of Germany has refused to vote in favor of a United Nations resolution condemning the glorification of National Socialism and Nazi collaboration. Last week, the Third Committee of the UN General Assembly passed a resolution strongly criticizing the edification of memorials to Nazi functionaries and the stylization of Nazi collaborators as “freedom fighters.” Germany and the other EU nations abstained, the USA, Canada, and Ukraine voted against the document, with 115 nations voting in favor. Berlin and Brussels use the excuse of not wanting to support a resolution initiated by Russia. In fact, a vote in favor of the document would have caused hefty disputes within the EU, and between the EU and important allies. With growing frequency, notorious Nazi collaborators are being publicly honored in such EU countries as Hungary or the Baltic countries and in Ukraine, in some cases by officials of the respective governments.
Deep Concern
The UN resolution expresses its “deep concern about the glorification, in any form, of the Nazi movement, neo-Nazism, and former members of the Waffen SS organization.” As examples the document names erecting monuments and memorials and holding public demonstrations in the name of the glorification of the Nazi past but also by “attempting to declare such members and those who fought against the anti-Hitler coalition and collaborated with the Nazi movement participants in national liberation movements.” The resolution explicitly “emphasizes that any commemorative celebration of the Nazi regime, its allies and related organizations, whether official or unofficial” should be prohibited by UN member states. The resolution especially expresses its condemnation “of any denial or attempt to deny the Holocaust.”[1]
Nazi Glorification not rejected
Last Friday, when the Third Committee of the UN General Assembly put the resolution to a vote, the German Ambassador to the UN found himself unable to cast his vote in favor. All other EU nations also abstained, along with countries, dependent, in one way or the other, on the EU, such as Andorra, Bosnia-Herzegovina or Mali. Ukraine, the United States, and Canada voted pointblank against the resolution. The latter two countries are sheltering rather influential Ukrainian exile communities, characterized by former Nazi collaborators of the “Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists” (OUN). The reason generally given last Friday was that they did not want to support a resolution initiated by Russia. The Soviet Union – of which Russia had been its core – was the country accounting for the most casualties from Nazi terror – 27 million. However, had Germany and the other EU nations voted in favor of the resolution, it would have necessarily caused hefty disputes. Today, collaborators, who had joined the Nazis in the war against Moscow, are commemorated in several European countries.
In the Struggle against Russia
This is particularly true of Ukraine, where, since early 2012, German organizations have been working – and intensively so, since 2013 – to incorporate the Svoboda Party and its affiliated forces into an anti-Russian alliance of organizations. (german-foreign-policy.com reported.[2]) Svoboda honors the OUN and particularly its commander Stepan Bandera, who is very popular throughout West Ukraine. In 1941, Bandera's militias actively supported Nazi Germany in its attack on the Soviet Union. Svoboda also honors the “Ukrainian Partisan Army” (UPA), which, in the wake of the German war of extermination, had participated in mass murders of European Jews.[3] In the course of the Maidan protests, both this party and other fascist organizations, receiving vigorous support from Germany, were playing a growing role. Consequently, since the end of February, Svoboda has had several ministers in the Ukrainian putsch regime. Today, fascist battalions are among the most resolute combatants in East Ukraine's civil war. Some of their commanders have been elected to parliament in the Verchovna Rada on electoral tickets of the parties forming the future government. At the beginning of the month, an activist of the fascist “Right Sector” and deputy commander of the fascist “Asov Battalion,” had been named police chief of the District of Kiev. In their struggle against Russia, Ukraine is uninhibitedly developing the traditions of its anti-Soviet Nazi collaboration – at the side of Germany.
Freedom Fighters
Nazi collaborators are also being honored in EU member countries, for example, in the Baltic nations. Regular commemoration honor parades for the Waffen SS, sponsored by their national Waffen SS veterans are organized in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. In Latvia, one of the most recent marches was held last spring, with approx. 2,000 participants – which, in proportion to the size of the population, would correspond to a demonstration of 80,000 in Germany. Observers point out that in Riga's state-run Latvian “Occupation Museum” the Latvian Waffen SS militias are referred to as “freedom fighters” in the struggle against Moscow. Organizers of the Waffen SS memorial march are invited to schools to teach courses in “patriotism.”[4] The “All for Latvia” national alliance party, which has consistently been in the government since 2011, supports these memorial parades. The party recurringly raises the issue of the deportation (“repatriation”) of the country's Russian-speaking minority. One of the party's leaders had once declared that the Russian minority – nearly one quarter of the population – are “occupiers” or “illegal colonialists.” A critical appraisal of Nazi collaboration is not welcome in this country. As the historian Maris Ruks notes, Latvian scholars risk “setbacks in their careers, if they engage in too detailed research into the Holocaust.”[5] In the current confrontation with Russia, the Baltic countries are among the EU's most aggressive forces.
Hitler's Partner is being rehabilitated
Also in Hungary fascist traditions are becoming more prevalent. Showcase examples are the new memorials to the “Reich's Deputy” and Nazi collaborator Miklós Horthy, which have been inaugurated since 2012. After changing the name “Freedom Square” to “Horthy Square,” in April 2012, in Gyömrö, near Budapest, a Horthy statue was erected in the village of Kereki in southern Hungary.[6] A Horthy commemorative plaque was installed on its premises of the Calvinist College in Debrecen in May 2012. Other memorials have followed. For example, in June 2013 in the East Hungarian village of Hencida [7] and in November of the same year right in Budapest. “Hitler's Hungarian partner is being rehabilitated,” wrote German press organs back in 2012, attentively noting that, at Hitler's side, Horthy had led Hungary “into war against the Soviet Union.”[8] However, currently, Hungary is not one of those countries taking a particularly aggressive stand toward Russia. The rehabilitation of Nazi collaborators extends far beyond Horthy. Since the 1990s, there have been many commemorative plaques dedicated to the ethnic, anti-Semitic writer, Albert Wass, who had been a loyal follower of Horthy and the Nazi Reich. His writings have been as accepted into the country's curriculums as those of Jozsef Nyiro, who still in 1944 was active in the Nazi Arrow Cross Party.[9] Hungary's “Jobbik” Party – which polled 20.5 percent in the April 6, 2014 elections, its greatest success ever – stands in the tradition of the Arrow Cross Party.
“Counter Insurgency”
This is hardly an exhaustive list of EU countries publicly honoring Nazi collaborators. In Croatia, for example, monuments to Nazi opponents were destroyed, while, streets were being named after Mile Budak, the fascist Ustasha's leading propagandist and, for awhile, Croatia's Foreign Minister during the period of Nazi collaboration. In Italy's Affile, to the east of Rome, a mausoleum to the fascist war criminal, Rodolfo Graziani was inaugurated in 2012. Graziani, who had initially been engaged in “counter insurgency” in Libya, ordered hostages shot and used poisoned gas in Ethiopia. Toward the end of the war, he was having Italians executed for refusing to collaborate with the Nazi puppet regime in Salò. Had Germany and the other EU countries not refused to vote in favor of last Friday's UN resolution, they would – had they taken the document seriously – be facing serious conflicts with one another and with their close allies, e.g. their partners in Ukraine.
[1] United Nations General Assembly: Sixty-ninth session of the Third Committee. Agenda item 66 (a): Elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance. A/C.3/69/L.56/Rev.1. 19.11.2014.
[2] See A Broad-Based Anti-Russian Alliance, Termin beim Botschafter and Juschtschenkos Mythen.
[3] See Zwischen Moskau und Berlin (IV).
[4] See Tag der Kollaborateure and “Liberation Fighters” and “Occupier”.
[5] Frank Brendle: International gegen SS-Verherrlichung. www.neues-deutschland.de 17.03.2014.
[6] György Dalos: Horthy im Hoch. www.nzz.ch 03.07.2012.
[7] Jobbik und Neue Ungarische Garde weihen neues Horthy-Denkmal ein. pusztaranger.wordpress.com 23.06.2013.
[8] Paul Jandl: Hitlers ungarischer Partner wird rehabilitiert. www.welt.de 05.06.2012.
[9] See Ein positives Ungarn-Bild.
Gab Marcotti breaks down Group D in the Champions League, but can Messi finally break his duck against Juve's Buffon?
Champions League holders Real Madrid will face Borussia Dortmund and Tottenham in a difficult group following the draw ceremony in Monaco on Thursday.
Barcelona did not get an easy pass, either, as they were drawn against Juventus, Olympiakos and Sporting CP in Group D.
Aside from Spurs, English teams received slightly easier draws, with Chelsea's matchup with Atletico Madrid among the more challenging matchups, while Liverpool will face Sevilla.
Manchester United will face Benfica, FC Basel and CSKA Moscow in Group A, while Manchester City get Shakhtar Donetsk, Napoli and Feyenoord in Group F.
Teams were drawn into eight groups of four. Clubs from the same national association -- as well as Russian and Ukrainian clubs -- could not be drawn together. The first group games will be played on Sept. 12-13.
Group A: Benfica, Manchester United, FC Basel, CSKA Moscow.
Group B: Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain, Anderlecht, Celtic
Group C: Chelsea, Atletico Madrid, Roma, FK Qarabag
Group D: Juventus, Barcelona, Olympiakos, Sporting CP
Group E: Spartak Moscow, Sevilla, Liverpool, NK Maribor
Group F: Shakhtar Donetsk, Manchester City, Napoli, Feyenoord
Group G: Monaco, FC Porto, Besiktas, RB Leipzig
Group H: Real Madrid, Borussia Dortmund, Tottenham, APOEL Nicosia
Dortmund finished top of their group above Madrid last year, but new coach Peter Bosz still said Real were the most difficult challenge his side could have been drawn against in Group H.
"Real Madrid are the first team that could defend the Champions League title," he said after the draw. "I also saw their [recent Super Cup] matches against Barcelona, and I have to say: That is the absolute top level in football right now.
"For me, it'll be the first time at the Bernabeu, though for most BVB fans it will be a well-known feeling. Against Tottenham, a very strong team, I already played successfully with Feyenoord. And Nicosia rounds off an overall tough group. We're accepting the challenge."
Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke told Sky Germany that the club would look to the experience of finishing at the top of an equally tough group in 2012, when BVB went unbeaten against Real Madrid, Ajax and Manchester City before reaching the final.
"No doubt about it. This is the most difficult group," he said. "But we've had that in 2012. We got through a group with Real and Manchester City. Heroes are born in those groups. Sure, we always get Real, and we played Tottenham in Europa League. But we can't pick the teams."
Real Madrid director Emilio Butragueno shrugged off the notion that his club were the favourites to advance, saying "we'll have to be at our best in order to qualify."
"There're a lot of teams that start today with that [favourites] tag," he said. "We're the champions from the last two seasons, we have a great team and a winning spirit. But this competition takes you to the limit in all aspects.
"It depends on a lot of factors and we must think about making it through the group stage. Hopefully we're in the draw for the last 16 as winners of our group."
Tottenham will go up against their former stars Gareth Bale and Luka Modric when they host Real Madrid at Wembley this year, and Spurs forward Harry Kane called the matchups "a good draw."
"You expect to play the best in Europe in the Champions League, and it's exciting for us. We look forward to these games," Kane said. "You want to test yourself against the best, and Real Madrid are the best at the moment.
"It will be interesting to see where we're at and a great test for us against Borussia Dortmund and APOEL as well. I remember the game against Real Madrid at the Lane in 2011. I'm sure Wembley will be packed for the matches, and we can't wait to get started."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
Sylvia Allegretto says a minimum wage boost is working in Seattle. Dante Chinni says the Electoral College stays unless someone is elected with a 6-million-vote deficit. And Bill Press interviews The Progressive's John Nichols.
The state of Missouri recently took away the pay of workers in St. Louis who had been getting a higher minimum wage. Labor economist Sylvia Allegretto says that in Seattle, the higher minimum wage has worked well, without throwing people out of work. Political expert Dante Chinni says maybe it takes a general to keep Trump in line, and predicts it will take a whole lot before he is removed from office. And John Nichols, of The Nation, talks with Bill Press about his new book, “Trumpocalypse.”
Support the Show
Are you tired of Tea Party Republicans and Rush Limbaugh dominating the airwaves? Do you want the facts you won't get on Fox — or even on CNN?
Then stay tuned.
Our sponsor, 21st Century Democrats, works hard to get everyday Democrats involved in returning our party to its roots… and to success at the ballot box.
Sit back and listen, then stand up and fight!
Sylvia Allegretto
Republicans again are not letting facts get in the way of good policy. In Missouri, the state government cut the wages people of St. Louis were making, but labor economist Sylvia Allegretto makes the strong case why a 15-dollar-an-hour wage makes sense.
Dante Chinni
State politics expert Dante Chinni predicts that the Electoral College will remain in place until someone wins the popular vote by so much that denying the winner the White House will lead to changing the Constitution. Three million votes isn't enough, he says. It needs to be five or six million.
John Nichols
Author John Nichols talks about his new book “Trumpocalypse” with Bill Press.
Jim Hightower
Amazon buys out Whole Foods: What's it to us?
As if BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra aren't doing enough these days to showcase the very best in EDM, they recently decided to take over the city of Hull, England. The radio show hosted a series of massive nights from all across the musical spectrum at venues throughout the city. Among those performing included Pete Tong, Annie Mac, Porter Robinson, Chuckie, Judge Jules, Fedde le Grand, Sub Focus, Knife Party, Zane Lowe, and many more! With all of this talent converging at once, BBC Radio went to work trying to capture all of the sounds of the weekend through their multiple channels. First up we have this week's Essential Mix hosted live from Hull City Hall. Chuckie and Porter Robinson each throw down for an hour supplying your ears with some musical bliss. This is Porter Robinson's first appearance on Pete Tong's show and he doesn't disappoint! Incorporating over thirty songs in his set including the new Zedd remix of Break'n a Sweat and a whole lot of Knife Party and Wolfgang Gartner.
Porter Robinson – Essential Mix (Live from Hull)
Chuckie – Essential Mix (Live From Hull)
Next up is Pete Tong's Essential Selection recorded live in Hull. This week's selection includes three short yet intense live sets from Julio Bashmore, Madeon, and Groove Armada with Tong himself hosting and spinning between sets. I'm going to be brief and just say that Madeon is unbelievable and that I can't wait to catch him live whenever in hell that may be. And leave it to Pete Tong to drop some of the sickest, new tracks around in his short time on the decks during this week's Selection.
Pete Tong – Essential Selection (Live from Hull)
And of course all of the tracklists can found in the full article after the jump…
Porter Robinson Essential Mix Tracklist
01 Porter Robinson – Spitfire
w/ Kraze – The Party (A cappella)
w/ ID – ID
w/ Wolfgang Gartner – Space Junk
w/ Spencer & Hill feat. Lil Jon – Less Go (Chrizz Luvly Remix)
02 Tiesto – Maximal Crazy
03 Justice – D.A.N.C.E. (MSTRKRFT Remix)
w/ Kill The Noise – Kill The Noise (Alvin Risk Remix)
04 Michael Woods – VMS
05 Tiesto feat. Kay – Work Hard, Play Hard
w/ Dada Life – Kick Out The Epic Motherf**ker
06 Porter Robinson feat. Amba Shepherd – Vandalism
w/ Wolfgang Gartner – The Champ
07 Porter Robinson feat. Jano – The Seconds
08 Deadmau5 & Wolfgang Gartner – Animal Rights
w/ ID – ID
09 Skrillex & The Doors – Breakin' A Sweat (It's Alright) (Zedd Remix)
10 Knife Party – Destroy Them With Lazers
11 ID – ID
12 Hardwell – Spaceman
13 ID – ID
14 Tommy Trash – Future Folk
w/ Angger Dimas & Tommy Trash – Big Fucking House
15 Knife Party – Tourniquet
w/ Chuckie – Who's Ready To Jump (A cappella)
w/ Plump DJs – Gobstopper
16 Michael Calfan – Resurrection (Axwell Re-Cut Club Version)
w/ ID – ID
17 Swedish House Mafia & Knife Party – Antidote (Vocal Mix)
18 ID – ID
19 Chris Lake – Sundown
w/ Knife Party – Internet Friends
w/ ID – ID
20 Knife Party – Internet Friends
21 Porter Robinson – Unison (Knife Party Remix)
22 Porter Robinson – 100% In The Bitch
23 Feed Me – Pink Lady
24 Afrojack – Polkadots 2010 (Oliver Twizt Remix)
25 Kaskade feat. Rebecca & Fiona – Turn It Down
w/ Zedd – Shave It (Kaskade Remix)
26 Spencer & Hill feat. Lil Jon – Less Go (Porter Robinson Remix)
27 Calvin Harris – Feel So Close (Instrumental)
28 Daft Punk – Harder Better Faster Stronger (A cappella)
w/ Adam K & Duro The Third – Daun't Kick My Bag Bitch
w/ Uppermost – Mainstreaminization
29 Dubsidia – Kill Humans (Dirtyloud Remix)
w/ Tom Hangs feat. Shermanology – Blessed (Avicii Edit)
30 Deadmau5 feat. Rob Swire – Moar Ghosts N Stuff (Hard Intro Version Mix)
w/ Deadmau5 – Some Chords
w/ Noisia – Machine Gun
31 Porter Robinson – ID
32 Porter Robinson – Say My Name
Chuckie Essential Mix Tracklist
01. ID w/ Knife Party – Internet Friends
02. David Guetta feat. Sia – Titanium (Cazzette Ant Seeking Hamster Mix)
03. ID w/ Chuckie – Who's Ready To Jump (A cappella)
04. Example – Changed The Way You Kiss Me (ID Remix)
05. Avicii – Levels (Cazzette Remix)
06. ID
07. Firebeatz – Where's Your Head At
08. J Flash – Swag
09. Adele – Someone Like You (Promise Land Bootleg)
10. Tommy Trash – Cascade
11. ID
12. Antoine Clamaran – The Tribe w/ Justice vs. Simian – We Are Your Friends (A cappella)
13. Felguk – Bassive
14. ID
15. ID
16. Tristan Garner – Overdrive w/ Nirvana – Smells Like Teen Spirit
17. Chuckie feat. Gregor Salto – What Happens In Vegas (Chuckie Amsterdam Edit)
18. ID
19. Deadmau5 feat. Rob Swire – Ghosts N Stuff
20. Chuckie – Together
21. Elite Force – Be Strong (The Loops Of Fury Remix)
22. Myomi – Sun In My Eyes w/ Sandro Silva & Quintino – Epic
23. ID
24. LMFAO vs. Chuckie – Let The Bass Kick In Miami Bitch (I'm Dj Chuckie Bitch Edit)
Pete Tong Essential Selection Tracklist
PETE TONG
Jack Back feat. David Guetta, Nicky Romero & Sia – Wild One Two [Big Beat]
Moguai – Mpire [Mau5trap]
Chris Lake – ID
Nero – Must Be The Feeling (ID Remix)
DJ Le Roi feat. Roland Clark – I Get Deep (2011 Edit) [Get Physical]
ID (28min)
JULIO BASHMORE
Julio Bashmore – Ensnare [Futureboogie]
Julio Bashmore – Batak Groove [Soul Motive]
Julio Bashmore – Well Wishers [Futureboogie]
Classixx feat. Karl Dixon – Into The Valley (Julio Bashmore Remix) [La Musique Fait La Force]
Julio Bashmore – Battle For The Middle You [PMR]
PETE TONG
Skrillex & The Doors – Breakn' A Sweat (Zedd Remix) [Owsla]
John Dahlback – Life [Big Beat]
Style Of Eye – Devastate [White Label]
MADEON
Madeon – ID
Oliver – Dirty Talk [Kitsuné] w/ Daft Punk – Prime Time Of Your Life [EMI]
Madeon – Shuriken (ID Remix) w/ Yelle – Que Veux Tu (A cappella) [V2]
Volta Bureau – Alley Cat [Nurvous] w/ The Knocks – Dancing With The DJ (A cappella) [Heavy Roc] w/ Madeon – Monarch
M83 – Midnight City w/ Digitalism – Blitz [Kitsuné]
Jacques Lu Cont – ReLoad w/ Pheonix – If I Ever Feel Better (A cappella) [Source]
Kaskade & Skrillex – Lick It [Ultra]
Madeon – Icarus
Deadmau5 feat. Greta Svabo Bech – Raise Your Weapon (Madeon Remix) [Mau5trap]
Alex Metric & Charli XCX – End Of The World (Russ Chimes Remix) [Positiva] w/ The Ting Tings – Hang It Up (A cappella)
Blur – Song 2 (Madeon Bootleg)
Wolfgang Gartner – Cognitive Dissonance (‘96 Bulls Edit) w/ Madeon – For You
Madeon – Pop Culture (Mashup)
PETE TONG
Jacques Lu Cont – Church [White Label]
GROOVE ARMADA
C'hantal – The Realm (A cappella) [Powertraxx]
Lazy Ants & Rob Threezy – Chi To Rome [BMKLTSCH]
Bingo Players – Devotion [Sneakerz Muzik] w/ ID (1h33min) w/ Groove Armada feat. Gram'ma Funk – I See You Baby (A cappella) [Jive Electro]
ID (1h35min)
Eats Everything – The Size [Dirtybird]
Lunde Bros – Knifeproblems [Mutants] w/ ID (1h41min)
ID (1h43min)
ID (1h47min)
ID (1h49min)
ID (1h52min)
Groove Armada – Superstylin' (Edit) [Jive Electro]
Carnival of Mathematics 141
Published by Ganit Charcha | Category - Math Events | 2017-01-09 07:02:50
Carnival of We are glad to host the $141$th Carnival of Mathematics in December $2016$ after last months
Mathematics 140 by Tom at Mathematics and Coding . Carnival of Mathematics is a monthly blogging round up that is organised by The Aperiodical
We choose to host $141$th Carnival in December because $22$nd of this month is celebrated as National Mathematics Day of India. Indian legendary Mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan was born on $22$nd December $1887$. In order to recognize his immense contribution towards Mathematics the Government of India has declared Ramanujan's birthday to be celebrated every year as the National Mathematics Day of India. We choose to host $141$th Carnival in December because $22$nd of this month is celebrated as National Mathematics Day of India. Indian legendary Mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan was born on $22$nd December $1887$.In order to recognize his immense contribution towards Mathematics the Government of India has declared Ramanujan's birthday to be celebrated every year as the National Mathematics Day of India.
To start with let us first take a look into some interesting facts about number 141.
1. A crazy sequential representation of $141$ written in terms of $1$ to $9$ in increasing as well as
http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.1479 decreasing order (taken from) is as follows $$141 = 1 + 2.3.4 + 5.6 + 7 + 89 = 9 + 87 + 6.5 + 4.3 + 2 + 1$$
2. $141 = 3.47$ is a semiprime ( a natural number that has only two prime factors, not necessarily
distinct) and $A001358(46) =141$, where the description of $A001358$ can be found here
https://oeis.org/A001358 }. Interestingly, prior to this we celebrated $129$th Carnival of Mathematics
and eventually $129$ was also a semi-prime.
We will now move on to the posts that make up this months carnival.
Let's decipher a thousand-year-old magic Mark Dominus shared with us a nice article titled
. His discourse is motivated by a magic square carved at the entrance of Parshvantha Temple at Khajuraho
in Madhya Pradesh, India.
An integral with a couple John Cook shared with us a blog post
lessons which illustrates in context to
computing definite integrals two principles very nicely - (1) keep in mind the distinction between a
definition and a computational technique, and (2) you might not have to do as much work as it seems.
Everything's Mixed Up. Can You Sort It All James Clare shared with us a blog post
Out? that describes
some beautiful riddles.
Why the Number Line Freaks Me Peter has shared with us the post titled
Out . This is a nice post
which describes different types of computable numbers starting from whole numbers and at the end of it
has talked about non-computable numbers which can not be understood by human mind.
Fusion and sex in protocells & the start of Artem Kaznatcheev has provided us with the link of his post
evolution which in a way justifies that
Theoretical biology is becoming increasingly mathematized. Most exciting is the introduction of tools
from theoretical computer science and the analysis of algorithms. Here these tools, along with broader
themes from computation, are used to analyze if the fusing parts of sex are essential for getting
evolutionary dynamics going. The post combines fundamental biology with some fun math while summarizing,
criticising, and expanding on a recent preprint.
Mathemethics: the dark and desirable 007 side to Lucy Rycroft-Smith has shared with us his blog post
numbers that refute the argument that
mathematics is useless, and explores some of the thrilling narratives around mathematical, desirable
skills.
Taming, claiming and reframing the beast Lucy Rycroft-Smith has also directed us with another blog post
of mathematics that describes the essence
of what mathematics is very aptly.
Kaleidoscopic Fractals: Folding the Koch MIke Lawler has directed us to a blog post titled
Snowflake that shows that Koch snowflake is good for
generating fractals with folds.
Joel David Hamkins has shared a brilliant post showing There are no nondegenerate regular polygons in
the integer lattice, except for squares
http://jdh.hamkins.org/no-regular-polygons-in-the-hexagonal-lattice/ . A related follow-up post as mentioned by him can be found here
A niced eye opener is the post Math myth-busting some of our worst urban planning misconceptions
Who have more sisters: boys or girls? with lots of nice examples. A niced eye opener is the post
Another nice post we would like to make a mention of is Mathematicians bring ocean to life for Disney's 'Moana '
This brings to an end of this edition of Carnival of Mathematics. Next Carnival of Mathematics will be hosted by Manan at a nice puzzle shared to us by the author Rob Eastaway.This seemingly simple question/puzzle was first posed to the author by Hugh Hunt a couple of years ago. The puzzle turns out to have a number of interesting twists - a couple of which haven't been resolved. For example, how does the fact that girls tend to live longer than boys affect the answer? It's not obvious - and might call for a computer simulation.Another nice post we would like to make a mention of isThis brings to an end of this edition of Carnival of Mathematics. Next
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
In this letter, Epicurus summarizes his ethical doctrines:
Epicurus to Menoeceus, greetings:
Let no one be slow to seek wisdom when he is young nor weary in the search of it when he has grown old. For no age is too early or too late for the health of the soul. And to say that the season for studying philosophy has not yet come, or that it is past and gone, is like saying that the season for happiness is not yet or that it is now no more. Therefore, both old and young alike ought to seek wisdom, the former in order that, as age comes over him, he may be young in good things because of the grace of what has been, and the latter in order that, while he is young, he may at the same time be old, because he has no fear of the things which are to come. So we must exercise ourselves in the things which bring happiness, since, if that be present, we have everything, and, if that be absent, all our actions are directed towards attaining it.
Those things which without ceasing I have declared unto you, do them, and exercise yourself in them, holding them to be the elements of right life. First believe that God is a living being immortal and blessed, according to the notion of a god indicated by the common sense of mankind; and so believing, you shall not affirm of him anything that is foreign to his immortality or that is repugnant to his blessedness. Believe about him whatever may uphold both his blessedness and his immortality. For there are gods, and the knowledge of them is manifest; but they are not such as the multitude believe, seeing that men do not steadfastly maintain the notions they form respecting them. Not the man who denies the gods worshipped by the multitude, but he who affirms of the gods what the multitude believes about them is truly impious. For the utterances of the multitude about the gods are not true preconceptions but false assumptions; hence it is that the greatest evils happen to the wicked and the greatest blessings happen to the good from the hand of the gods, seeing that they are always favorable to their own good qualities and take pleasure in men like themselves, but reject as alien whatever is not of their kind.
Accustom yourself to believing that death is nothing to us, for good and evil imply the capacity for sensation, and death is the privation of all sentience; therefore a correct understanding that death is nothing to us makes the mortality of life enjoyable, not by adding to life a limitless time, but by taking away the yearning after immortality. For life has no terrors for him who has thoroughly understood that there are no terrors for him in ceasing to live. Foolish, therefore, is the man who says that he fears death, not because it will pain when it comes, but because it pains in the prospect. Whatever causes no annoyance when it is present, causes only a groundless pain in the expectation. Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not. It is nothing, then, either to the living or to the dead, for with the living it is not and the dead exist no longer.
But in the world, at one time men shun death as the greatest of all evils, and at another time choose it as a respite from the evils in life. The wise man does not deprecate life nor does he fear the cessation of life. The thought of life is no offense to him, nor is the cessation of life regarded as an evil. And even as men choose of food not merely and simply the larger portion, but the more pleasant, so the wise seek to enjoy the time which is most pleasant and not merely that which is longest. And he who admonishes the young to live well and the old to make a good end speaks foolishly, not merely because of the desirability of life, but because the same exercise at once teaches living well and to die well. Much worse is he who says that it were good not to be born, but when once one is born to pass quickly through the gates of Hades. For if he truly believes this, why does he not depart from life? It would be easy for him to do so once he is firmly convinced. If he speaks only in jest, his words are foolishness as those who hear him do not believe.
We must remember that the future is neither wholly ours nor wholly not ours, so that neither must we count upon it as quite certain to come nor despair of it as quite certain not to come.
We must also reflect that of desires some are natural, others are groundless; and that of the natural some are necessary as well as natural, and some natural only. And of the necessary desires some are necessary if we are to be happy, some if the body is to be rid of uneasiness, some if we are even to live. He who has a clear and certain understanding of these things will direct every preference and aversion toward securing health of body and tranquillity of mind, seeing that this is the sum and end of a blessed life. For the end of all our actions is to be free from pain and fear, and, when once we have attained all this, the tempest of the soul is laid; seeing that the living creature has no need to go in search of something that is lacking, nor to look for anything else by which the good of the soul and of the body will be fulfilled. When we are pained because of the absence of pleasure, then, and then only, do we feel the need of pleasure. Wherefore we call pleasure the alpha and omega of a blessed life. Pleasure is our first and kindred good. It is the starting-point of every choice and of every aversion, and to it we come back, inasmuch as we make feeling the rule by which to judge of every good thing.
And since pleasure is our first and native good, for that reason we do not choose every pleasure whatsoever, but will often pass over many pleasures when a greater annoyance ensues from them. And often we consider pains superior to pleasures when submission to the pains for a long time brings us as a consequence a greater pleasure. While therefore all pleasure because it is naturally akin to us is good, not all pleasure is should be chosen, just as all pain is an evil and yet not all pain is to be shunned. It is, however, by measuring one against another, and by looking at the conveniences and inconveniences, that all these matters must be judged. Sometimes we treat the good as an evil, and the evil, on the contrary, as a good.
Again, we regard independence of outward things as a great good, not so as in all cases to use little, but so as to be contented with little if we have not much, being honestly persuaded that they have the sweetest enjoyment of luxury who stand least in need of it, and that whatever is natural is easily procured and only the vain and worthless hard to win. Plain fare gives as much pleasure as a costly diet, when once the pain of want has been removed, while bread and water confer the highest possible pleasure when they are brought to hungry lips. To habituate one's self, therefore, to simple and inexpensive diet supplies all that is needful for health, and enables a man to meet the necessary requirements of life without shrinking, and it places us in a better condition when we approach at intervals a costly fare and renders us fearless of fortune.
When we say, then, that pleasure is the end and aim, we do not mean the pleasures of the prodigal or the pleasures of sensuality, as we are understood to do by some through ignorance, prejudice, or willful misrepresentation. By pleasure we mean the absence of pain in the body and of trouble in the soul. It is not an unbroken succession of drinking-bouts and of revelry, not sexual lust, not the enjoyment of the fish and other delicacies of a luxurious table, which produce a pleasant life; it is sober reasoning, searching out the grounds of every choice and avoidance, and banishing those beliefs through which the greatest tumults take possession of the soul. Of all this the beginning and the greatest good is wisdom. Therefore wisdom is a more precious thing even than philosophy ; from it spring all the other virtues, for it teaches that we cannot live pleasantly without living wisely, honorably, and justly; nor live wisely, honorably, and justly without living pleasantly. For the virtues have grown into one with a pleasant life, and a pleasant life is inseparable from them.
Who, then, is superior in your judgment to such a man? He holds a holy belief concerning the gods, and is altogether free from the fear of death. He has diligently considered the end fixed by nature, and understands how easily the limit of good things can be reached and attained, and how either the duration or the intensity of evils is but slight. Fate, which some introduce as sovereign over all things, he scorns, affirming rather that some things happen of necessity, others by chance, others through our own agency. For he sees that necessity destroys responsibility and that chance is inconstant; whereas our own actions are autonomous, and it is to them that praise and blame naturally attach. It were better, indeed, to accept the legends of the gods than to bow beneath that yoke of destiny which the natural philosophers have imposed. The one holds out some faint hope that we may escape if we honor the gods, while the necessity of the naturalists is deaf to all entreaties. Nor does he hold chance to be a god, as the world in general does, for in the acts of a god there is no disorder; nor to be a cause, though an uncertain one, for he believes that no good or evil is dispensed by chance to men so as to make life blessed, though it supplies the starting-point of great good and great evil. He believes that the misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool. It is better, in short, that what is well judged in action should not owe its successful issue to the aid of chance.
Exercise yourself in these and related precepts day and night, both by yourself and with one who is like-minded; then never, either in waking or in dream, will you be disturbed, but will live as a god among men. For man loses all semblance of mortality by living in the midst of immortal blessings.
We first encountered Joe Musgrove's one-seam sinker around the All-Star break, when the Houston Astros right-hander was kind enough to show us the grip before his appearance in the Futures Game. I'd never seen a one-seam grip before, unless you count the one Zach Britton showed us. While we could spot glimpses of the sinker in the Futures Game and in his minor-league games, it wasn't until Musgrove came up and started pitching in the big leagues that we could truly put his pitch in the context of other big-league sinkers. It's weird.
Here's that grip, again. It's notable for a few reasons. It's not a four-seam grip because he's not pulling down on a seam to create the down-up spin that gives four-seam fastballs their trademark upwards “ride.” And it's not a two-seam grip because he's not pulling down on a seam with his middle finger, which traditionally creates the sideways spin that gives two-seam fastballs their sideways “fade.”
That one-seam sinker grip.
If you take away both of those movements, what are you left with? Downward movement without fade. And the pitcher admitted it back then when he said that he gets “more downward action than side to side” on his version of the sinker. Not too many pitchers throw this kind of pitch. In fact, it's hard to find a comp for it at all.
First, you have to clean up the PITCHf/x for his fastballs, because the system is understandably a little confused by the movements on his pitches and has classified more than a few of his four-seamers as sinkers and vice versa. If you look at the heat maps for his movement and velocities, though, you can spot a pattern. Here's how Musgrove's corrected sinker looks against his PITCHf/x sinker and the league-average sinker from a right-hander. Still weird.
Joe Musgrove's Weird Sinker Pitcher Pitch Start Speed Horizontal Vertical Spin Rate swSTR% GB% Joe Musgrove Sinker 91.5 -5.5 5.1 2271 10% 58% Joe Musgrove Corrected SI 90.5 -5.0 4.2 2230 13% 60% League Sinker/2Seam 92.2 -8.1 5.5 2059 5% 48% SOURCE: Statcast Movement in inches.
If you want to see where Musgrove's sinker lives among his peers in a more visual format, check out the below. He's got more sink than the pitchers with harder, flatter sinkers, and he's got less fade than the guys with the plus, bendy sinkers.
Musgrove is over the top, and it's sometimes rare for over-the-toppers even to have a sinker. Once you height-adjust release point and take the pitchers who throw in the top 20% by height-adjusted release point, his pitch gets a little stranger even. Only Luke Gregerson, Tyson Ross, and Blake Treinen throw from a similar arm slot and get as much sink on their sinkers. And while Treinen has a weird grip of his own, he and Ross have a lot more fade on their pitches.
Here's a look at what we're talking about.
That particular example of the pitch works well because, while it'd be risky to throw a normal sinker that far inside to a righty, this one doesn't have that sideways spin and movement that reads like a sinker. So maybe Beltre thinks it's a four-seamer… and swings over the top of the pitch. Here's a spot where Musgrove can use his lack of fade to his advantage.
Given the lack of arm-side fade, you might be tempted to call this pitch a slider or cutter thing, but then it would only be a weird version of those pitch types. And while it's tempting to consider this weird pitch bad because it doesn't look like the pitches we normally call sinkers, there's too much to be gained from being different in baseball. Weird is good, say Brad Ziegler‘s release point, Koji Uehara‘s splitter usage, Justin Verlander‘s fastball spin rate, Darren O'Day‘s Submarine Riseball, Clayton Kershaw‘s straight/cut fastball, Felix Hernandez's power change, and a teenage Eno Sarris softly to himself.
For a guy who throws over the top, Musgrove has no problems getting horizontal movement like many of his fellow topsiders. The movement on his slider in particular — it has more cut than all save six sliders in baseball, and five of those are thrown by pitchers with much lower arm slots, like Justin Masterson, Joe Smith, and Chaz Roe.
Another weird pitch! Just more to watch for tonight when Musgrove takes the bump.
Every man's home or office needs a good place to stash the booze. Unless you have to hide it away in a desk drawer somewhere, I prefer to go the way of Mad Men and have it on display in the classiest way possible. Unfortunately, a nice bar cart can cost hundreds of dollars, so I decided to do a little hunting for an old Cosco cart I could repurpose into my own classy moonshine wagon.
I lucked out and found a perfect cart at a yard sale for ten bucks. You see this kind of carts all of the time, and some need a little more work than others to fix up, but they are pretty easy to come by if you make the garage sale rounds.
Once you have a cart, all you need are a few accessories from IKEA and a couple cans of spray paint to make your own fully stocked bar cart. Here's what you will need:
Cosco Cart
Set of 2 IKEA drawer pulls
IKEA wine glass rack
3 IKEA silverware canisters
set of super strong magnets (like these)
3 small zip ties
Spray paint
Your favorite liquor bottles
Glassware
Awesome decorative tchotchkes
Start by cleaning your cart and prepping it for a new coat of paint. If your cart has any rust, go at it with some steel wool and sand paper to smooth out the surface. Wash down the entire surface area with soap and water and let it dry thoroughly. Here you have two options for painting - disassemble and paint individual pieces, or mask and paint as a whole. I wanted all of my screws to stay silver, so I chose the disassemble option and broke down my cart into 4 legs and 3 shelves by removing all of the hardware.
Prior to painting the cart, I drilled new holes for the drawer pull handles that I wanted to add on each side. First, carefully measure the distance between the holes of your drawer pulls and mark where you are going to put them on the top shelf of your cart. I started with a small drill bit to get an indentation started in the metal, and then finished making the screw hole with an awl and a hammer. The drill is really just to get the hole started, and the awl will do the rest of the work. Once you have a small hole, the metal is easily bendable and you can easily increase the size of your hole by spinning your awl.
Next, take your cart to a well ventilated area for spray painting. I went with navy blue, and I needed just over a single can of spray paint for full coverage. (Get two cans to be safe and avoid having to run back to the hardware store in the middle of the project.) Spray evenly across all surfaces of the metal, and let it dry fully before reassembling or unmasking.
Once your cart is back together, add the drawer pulls to the top shelf. If you want to add a wine glass rack without screwing any more holes into the shelves, and your cart is metal, use high powered magnets. IKEA sells a wine glass rack for a few bucks, so I lined the top of it with 10 magnets (each is rated to hold 4 pounds) and adhered it to the bottom of the second shelf of my cart.
Next put together your wince rack. Get your 3 IKEA canisters and line up the holes on the sides. Connect them through the holes using small zip ties. The zip tie is practically invisible once you tighten it and trim the excess, and can't be seen at all when the wine rack has bottles in it.
Lastly, you are going to want to stock your bar with all of your favorite bottles of booze. I am a gin man myself, but I like to have a variety of spirits on hand. I stocked my cart with Sailor Jerry's Dark Rum, New Amsterdam Gin, St. Germain, Espolon Tequila, and a bottle of Bulleit Bourbon. I stocked my wine rack with a few bottles of red wine and made sure to have enough glassware to host a small gathering.
In order to really make your bar cart stand out, you will also want to put a few choice items on the shelves. Dress it up with some other garage sale finds or special mementos from around your house. Then sit back and pour yourself a drink. Cheers!
Tagged:
SEATTLE—NASA's venerable planet-hunter, the Kepler spacecraft, has shaken its one-thousandth planet from the sky. Eight new worlds beyond our solar system, announced Tuesday, boost the number of Kepler's confirmed planets to 1,004 (if you're keeping count), including two of the most Earthlike planets discovered so far.
Those eight new worlds are each less than 2.7 times the size of Earth, astronomers reported at the American Astronomical Society's annual winter meeting. But hiding in the wings, among a group of 554 newly announced planet candidates, is an even more tantalizing set of planets.
"These candidates represent the closest analogues to the Earth-sun system found to date, and this is what Kepler has been looking for. We are now closer than we have ever been finding a twin for Earth around a star," says Fergal Mullally of the SETI Institute and NASA's Ames Research Center.
Kepler's eight newly confirmed planets are all relatively small, and they all orbit stars that are smaller and cooler than the sun. Depending on which calculations scientists use, at least three of the planets—and perhaps all eight—are in the habitable zones of their parent stars. This is the region where temperatures are just right for supporting liquid water on the planet's surface. (Learn more about habitable-zone planets in "Kepler Telescope Discovers Most Earth-Like Planet Yet.")
At least two of those planets, Kepler 438-b and Kepler 442-b, are likely to be rocky, like Earth.
"We have significantly increased the number of these verified, small, habitable-zone planets from Kepler," says Doug Caldwell of the SETI Institute and NASA's Ames Research Center.
"They really make up a special population that is of interest for understanding the prevalence of life in the universe. Yesterday we had five Kepler exoplanets in this special hall of fame, and today we have eight in this elite club."
Earth Twins
The new catalog of worlds from Kepler identifies an additional 554 planet candidates, bringing the mission's total number of candidates—objects that might be exoplanets—to 4,175. Of those 554 new candidates, eight are small, less than twice the size of Earth, and in the habitable zones of their stars. (These candidates are in addition to the eight newly confirmed planets.)
And here's the really tantalizing bit: Six of those potential planets are orbiting sunlike stars and represent a class of planet that Kepler hasn't yet gotten a good look at: the real exo-Earths.
"I'm over the moon," says Natalie Batalha of NASA's Ames Research Center. "We now have a sizable bunch of small planet candidates orbiting in the habitable zone of [sunlike] stars. This is tremendously good news for Kepler's census and for the search for life beyond Earth."
Kepler's mission is to determine how common Earthlike planets are in the galaxy. So far, astronomers' best guesses suggest that roughly 20 percent of sunlike stars host Earth-size planets in their habitable zones.
Kepler the Planet-Hunter
Launched in 2009, the Kepler spacecraft spent four years staring at a patch of northern sky studded with 150,000 stars. It looked for periodic twinkles caused by planets marching across the faces of those stars, a journey that temporarily dims the star's light.
Newly found planets came rolling out of Kepler's sky like cosmic marbles shaken loose. At first, the planetary marbles were big, but as Kepler continued to shake those stars, smaller planets followed, and finally the Earth-size planets (and smaller) came rolling out.
Then Kepler was struck by a mechanical problem in 2013, losing two of the four reaction wheels needed to aim the craft and keep it staring fixedly at its star field. But scientists breathed new life into the spacecraft with a different mission, called K2.
The spacecraft now uses the force of sunlight hitting its solar panels as essentially a third reaction wheel and is free to look anywhere it wants. Already, scientists have found one new planet: HIP 116454b, announced in December.
One of the K2 mission's potential planetary systems is stuffed with three super-Earth-size planets on 10-, 24-, and 44-day orbits, Andrew Vanderburg of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics reported Monday at the AAS meeting.
"If real, these planets are orbiting a relatively cool, nearby star," Vanderburg says. "What's special about This is that they would be orbiting a bright star, with the potential for more sophisticated follow-up observations."
That so many worlds have been found in just four years with one dedicated instrument is heartening for astronomers who struggled for decades to find the first exoplanet orbiting a main sequence star. That planet, a large, hot, Jupiter-like gas giant called 51 Pegasi b, was discovered 20 years ago, in October 1994.
"Just before that time, I remember astronomers feeling very worried. Scientists had been looking for a long time for exoplanets—for decades—and hadn't found any," says veteran planet-hunter Debra Fischer of Yale University. "And we really had to step back and say, 'We have to entertain the possibility that maybe the Star Trek picture of the universe isn't right. Maybe there are no other planets around other stars, or they're there rarely.'"
Now, with roughly 1,800 exoplanets discovered by Kepler and through other observations, Fischer is glad to put that desolate possibility to rest and get to work tackling the next big question.
"We now know the universe is teeming with planets," she says. "The next step is to figure out if the universe is teeming with life."
In an interview with Japanese gaming site 4gamer, Shuhei Yoshida, President of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios, answered a question about how Polyphony Digital and the Gran Turismo series fits in with the company's future plans.
Thanks to our own Shirakawa Akira for this translation:
4gamer: A driving game called “Driveclub” has been announced as [a coming up] PS4 software. However, in Japan there's Polyphony Digital and I think many people are looking forward to an announcement regarding *that* racing game. What [can you tell us] about this? Yoshida: Key members of Polyphony Digital are involved in the very development of the PS4 and the PS Vita. I am thinking of asking them what's going on with Gran Turismo, but related matters will be probably made clear by its representative Kazunori Yamauchi in due time.
Although Polyphony's involvement with the PlayStation 4 is very encouraging for Gran Turismo fans, it is most interesting to learn about their contributions to Vita's hardware.
The news comes after it's been suggested over the past year that a Gran Turismo title for the PlayStation Vita was in development.
Kazunori also talked about how a new mobile Gran Turismo title could take advantage of the Vita's 3G data connection in an interview from last July.
Thanks to SolidSnakex for the tip!
More Posts On...
Class Struggles
Spirit Shaman
The spirit shaman, introduced in Complete Divine, is a divine spellcaster who interacts mainly with spirits. Unlike the druid, whom they are closely related to, and with whom they share a spell list, the spirit shaman is more focused on the needs of those around them, rather than nature itself. They are competent and aggressive spellcasters who can fire volleys of flame and lightning at their enemies while being able to tend to the wounds of their allies.
The spirit shaman, unlike the shaman introduced in Oriental Adventures is loosely based around the shamans and medicine men of the First Nations people. Many of the abilities that spirit shamans learn are based on the purported powers of the holy men of tribes such as the Ojibwe, Lakota, Navajo and many others.
Spirit Shaman Strengths
Full access to druid spells.
Powerful abilities that manipulate spirits.
High Fortitude and Will saving throws.
Spirit Shaman Weaknesses
Low Reflex saving throws.
Reliance on dual ability scores for spellcasting.
Must select a small number of spells they can cast from each day.
Many class abilities don't affect non-spirit creatures.
Playing a Spirit Shaman
Spirit shamans are not physical characters. Their reliance on light armor and simple weapons combined with their average attack bonus and hit dice mean that they are not likely to wade into the thick of combat. Instead, they rely on their spellcasting and their large number of class abilities to deal damage to their enemies.
A spirit shaman character will want both a high Charisma and a high Wisdom score. Both are required for their spellcasting, and many of their supernatural class abilities are Charisma-based. Besides that, they will probably want fairly good scores in both Dexterity and Constitution to help them survive longer.
What separates the spirit shaman the most from other classes is their unique approach to spellcasting. Each day, the spirit shaman bargains with denizens of the spirit world to retrieve a small number of spells from the druid spell list. They can then cast those spells spontaneously. This means that spirit shamans are not truly practiced or spontaneous spellcasters, but a mix between the two. A spirit shaman character will need to make certain that they retrieve a good mix between offensive, defensive and curative spells each day.
Race Suggestions
There are many races that can excel as spirit shamans. The issue is that as a class with a very unique flavor, not many races truly fit in. With some minor choices, you can create a spirit shaman character that feels real and not just thrown together.
Needless to say, humans make for good spirit shaman characters. Not only can they make excellent use of the bonus skill points afforded to them, but the extra feat can also be very welcome, especially since so many feats can be useful to a spirit shaman (see below).
The keen senses and deftness of the elf also makes for a perfect fit. Their bonuses to Listen, Search and Spot checks make them more difficult to be ambushed, and their bonus to enchantment spells coupled with the class's high Will saving throw and the spirit shaman's generally higher Wisdom score mean that they'll likely always be in control of themselves. What's more, if they should happen to fall prey to an enchantment spell, their follow the guide ability will give them a chance to shrug it off. Finally, the elf's weapon proficiencies are a welcome addition to the meager list provided to the spirit shaman and give them some more options for when they must fight physically. On the downside, their lower Constitution score means that the character will be easier to put down, so such a character should focus on not being in the line of fire.
The halfling is also an excellent choice. They have a higher Dexterity score, and their lower Strength isn't a huge hindrance. Their small size makes them more difficult to hit, which can be a boon. Bonuses to several movement based skills can help them get around, and a bonus to their saving throws can always be beneficial. Finally, the bonus they receive to making attacks with slings and thrown weapons can help them be effective in combat without having to expend their spellcasting abilities.
Aasimars (from the Planar Handbook) have a level adjustment, but their bonus to Wisdom and Charisma are extremely useful to a spirit shaman character. Their energy resistance can help them to survive against magical attacks. Their spell-like ability is less useful however, so overall, this race is a good choice, but could be better.
The killoren (Races of the Wild) aren't an obvious choice, but they are interesting all the same. Not only do they have enhanced survival-based skills, but their aspects can provide them with another outlet for their abilities. The aspect of the destroyer can give the killoren spirit shaman an offensive ability that works on creatures largely outside of the scope of their class abilities.
The neanderthal (Frostburn) combines high physical abilities with low maneuverability and intelligence. They also possess bonuses to Listen, Spot and Survival checks, which is always useful. A neanderthal spirit shaman can be a leader of their people and a more physical interpretation of the class.
Although the uldra (Frostburn) has a level adjustment, they also have a number of abilities that make them quite useful as spirit shamans. Not only do they have a higher Wisdom and Constitution, but they also possess a small number of spell-like abilities that aren't available on their normal spell list. In addition, their ability to deal extra cold damage can be useful if they ever need to get into melee combat.
Feat Suggestions
Spirit shamans have a number of feat options available to them that can make them incredibly powerful. One important note: because spirit shamans technically 'know' all of their spells (and are restricted only by the number of unique spells they can cast per day) the extra spell feat (Complete Arcane) can't provide them with any benefit.
Getting More Variety
The biggest drawback of the spirit shaman is the limited number of spells they can retrieve for casting each day. Thankfully there are some feats that can help mitigate this, all from Complete Divine.
The easiest of these feats is spontaneous summoner, which lets the character spontaneously cast summon nature's ally spells a small number of times per day. By taking cross-class ranks in Knowledge (Religion), the spirit shaman can also qualify for spontaneous healer or spontaneous wounder by 5th level. A neutral spirit shaman can qualify for all three feats, allowing them huge versatility by always having the ability to cast a summon nature's ally, cure or inflict spell on the fly without using up a retrieved spell slot.
Spirit Abilities
Dragon Magazine #343 introduced three feats that can benefit a spirit shaman by improving their class abilities. Extended spirit form can allow them to remain incorporeal for much longer than ordinary. Spirit spell allows them to maximize all spells they cast for a single round. Finally, the extra divine power feat allows them to increase the daily uses of one of their abilities such as spirit form, spirit journey and chastise spirits.
Supernatural Abilities
Tome of Magic includes a few feats that can provide metamagic-like effects to supernatural abilities. Of these, three of them can help the spirit shaman by improving their class abilities. Empower supernatural ability can allow to chastise spirits to deal more damage and be more difficult to resist. Enlarge supernatural ability can double the range of their abilities. Finally, extend supernatural ability can allow them to use their spirit form for much longer.
Others
Unlike druids, spirit shamans are not restricted against using heavy armors. A spirit shaman who wants to take a more martial path can easily take armor proficiency (medium) or armor proficiency (heavy).
Spirit shamans are also adept at metamagic spells since they can retrieve spells with the feats already applied to them. A magic-focused spirit shaman should take a couple of metamagic feats in order to maximize their potential with much less of a downside than a true spontaneous spellcaster would suffer.
Weapon finesse can help a spirit shaman without a high Strength score land hits more often. In addition, the weapon focus feat can also improve their ability to connect with their attacks, and help them to rely less upon spellcasting.
Multiclass Suggestions
Spirit shamans are in a unique position that they really want for little. Although they can multiclass, it may not be in their best interest to do so.
The ranger is a great way to splash in a little martial prowess into your spirit shaman. Their high base attack bonus and Reflex saves augment your shaman's weak points and both the combat style feats and the favored enemy bonuses can be useful, especially if you select a favored enemy that's also a spirit.
Without the monastic training feat, you won't be able to effectively multiclass spirit shaman with the monk, but the cost is well worth it. The monk's many abilities work well with the ones provided by the shaman. The biggest problem that you'll encounter is that the mid-level attack bonuses provided by both classes mean that this combination will end up with a very low attack in total, but it's offset by higher damage and the ability to easily meet the prerequisites of the sacred fist prestige class (Complete Divine).
The barbarian class can provide a spirit shaman with powerful offensive melee abilities, some added armor proficiency and at higher levels, damage reduction. This multiclass combination is likely going to put the spirit shaman in harm's way, but higher hit points and a liberal use of cure spells should help to offset any damage the character might take.
The totemist (Magic of Incarnum) provides a number of abilities through their meldshaping abilities. Soulmelds like the behir gorget can provide the character with some very powerful abilities that won't take up the character's daily spells. In addition, the class's higher Reflex saves help offset the spirit shaman's lower ones.
Prestige Class Suggestions
Much like multiclassing, spirit shamans aren't necessarily required to multiclass. There are some choices though that can make for interesting results though.
Stormcaster (from Stormwrack) can provide the spirit shaman with a number of sonic and electricity based attacks along with most of their normal spell progression. The downside is that the character will need to take cross-class ranks in Knowledge (arcana) in order to meet the prerequisites. The low hit die provided by the class will make the character much more fragile, but thankfully their storm-based abilities can help them destroy enemies at a safe distance and even turn away some ranged attacks.
The lord of tides (from Sandstorm) is one of the near-perfect spirit shaman prestige classes. Their survival abilities can help the character survive in the harsh environment of the desert, but their real power comes from the ability to manipulate the water in the bodies of their enemies. They also learn to summon elementals and travel to the inner planes.
Walker in the waste (also from Sandstorm) is an interesting choice for an evil spirit shaman. The character doesn't need to work hard to meet the prerequisites of the prestige class. The ability to create powerful desert creatures and create desiccated environments couples with their eventual apotheosis into a dry lich turns them into a powerful force to be reckoned with and a powerful enemy to boot.
The combat medic (Heroes of Battle) is a different take for the spirit shaman. By focusing on curative magic they can turn themselves into powerful healers who also happen to have access to a bevy of offensive spells. One of the greatest abilities comes at the final level of the class when they learn to spontaneously cast heal spells. Not only can it free up a retrieved spell every day, but it allows them to cast the spell spontaneously as a 6th level spell instead of retrieving it as a 7th level spell.
Another near-perfect prestige class choice is the holt warden from Complete Champion. Trading up the ability to manipulate spirit creatures for plants. The class allows them to spontaneously cast spells from the Plant domain, perform a ritual to heal allies and provide refreshment to those around them. In addition, they learn a number of druid-like movement abilities along with full spellcasting advancement.
New Material
New Feats
Although there are a small number of feats created specifically for spirit shamans, the class doesn't receive much support beyond that. Included here are some new feats for spirit shamans along with a new magical item.
Consecrate Spirit [General]
You can destroy the bonds that a spirit uses to anchor itself to a corpse.
Prerequisites: Chastise spirits class ability, knowledge (religion) 4 ranks.
Benefit: You can effect corporeal undead creatures with your spirit shaman class features as if they were spirits. The save DC for these abilities (if any) are decreased by 4.
Normal: Only undead creatures that are incorporeal are considered spirits.
Extra Retrieval [General]
You can retrieve an extra spell.
Prerequisites: Spirit shaman level 4th.
Benefit: You can retrieve one extra spell per day at any level up to one lower than the highest level of spell you can currently cast. For example, a 4th-level spirit shaman gains the ability to retrieve an extra 0-level or 1st-level spell. Once selected, the level of the extra spell retrieved never changes.
Special: You can gain this feat multiple times. Each time, you gain an extra spell retrieval at any level up to one lower than the highest level of spell you can currently cast.
Unbind Spirit [General]
You can pierce the protections around constructs and interact with the spirits that control them.
Prerequisites: Chastise spirits class ability, knowledge (arcana) 4 ranks.
Benefit: You can effect construct creatures with your spirit shaman class features as if they were spirits. The save DC for these abilities (if any) are decreased by 4.
New Magic Item
Ghost Shirt: This thin linen shirt has been enchanted to protect the wielder against arrows. It provides the wearer with DR 5/magic against ranged attacks.
Moderate abjuration; CL 18th; Craft Wondrous Item, protection from arrows or spirit shaman; Price 28,980 gp.
The History of the Ghost Shirt
The ghost shirt was used by the Lakota Sioux in the late 1800s. Created by an offshoot of the Ghost Dance Movement, warriors wore these shirts to protect them from gunfire so they could resist the oppression of the Americans. The ghost shirts did not work, and the many of their wearers were massacred at Wounded Knee.
Did you like this article? Then try:
Lance Armstrong has once again been accused of using banned performance-enhancing substances, this time by two former teammates. (Spencer Platt/GETTY IMAGES)
Lance Armstrong's seven Tour de France titles could be jeopardized by the doping allegations made by two former cycling teammates even if Armstrong avoids a federal indictment or prosecution, according to people involved in the anti-doping movement and legal precedent.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency has already been in discussions with the attorney for Tyler Hamilton, who told the CBS News program “60 Minutes” that he received banned drugs from Armstrong and saw him using performance-enhancing drugs on a number of occasions.
USADA, which has a long history of prosecuting athletes who haven't tested positive when other evidence becomes available, interviewed Floyd Landis when he became the first athlete to say publicly he witnessed drug use by Armstrong last May. After Landis made the allegations, the agency formally opened a wide-ranging investigation into doping in cycling.
“There is absolute historical precedent for USADA or [the World Anti-Doping Agency] to come in and adjudicate,” said Steven Ungerleider, an anti-doping expert with close ties to both agencies. “We have seen precedent where athletes have been stripped of their medals and earnings retroactively.”
The results can be dire for athletes found guilty of doping offenses, even if the rulings come years after the fact. If an athlete is found guilty of using banned drugs, all the results that occurred after that doping offense took place would be disqualified.
USADA chief executive Travis Tygart declined Monday to comment on the significance of Hamilton's public statements but said in an e-mailed statement that “any anti-doping case initiated by USADA will be based on the actionable evidence obtained through a fair and thorough investigation.”
Armstrong, who has been under investigation by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles, has repeatedly denied ever using performance-enhancing drugs while attacking the credibility of his accusers. Both Landis and Hamilton tested positive for drugs and lied about their drug use for years before coming clean.
“Landis and Hamilton are simply not credible witnesses: They both lied about their own doping — and then made money by raising millions of dollars from friends in support of those lies,” Armstrong's publicist Mark Fabiani said in an e-mail. “Now, when it has become potentially profitable, they've completely changed their stories.”
The World Anti-Doping Code places an eight-year statute of limitations on bringing doping charges, but one attorney said USADA would likely argue that the statute of limitations does not apply in a case involving fraud or concealment. Another countered that Armstrong's first four Tour victories might be untouchable, with only the last three in jeopardy. Both attorneys declined to be identified because they did not wish to publicly comment on the case.
“I don't think that issue has ever come up in a doping case,” one attorney said.
Hamilton alleged he witnessed Armstrong doping for three years beginning in 1999, when Armstrong won his first Tour de France; Landis claimed he witnessed doping between 2002 and '04. Armstrong won seven straight Tour titles from 1999 to 2005.
USADA likely would wait until federal prosecutors abandon their probe or prosecute their case before bringing any charges against Armstrong or any U.S. cyclist.
USADA has previously brought doping cases against athletes who have retired if the evidence warrants it and the cases are significant. The lead agent in the Armstrong investigation, Food and Drug Administration Special Agent Jeff Novtizky, has testified in several USADA arbitrations, including one resolved just weeks ago in which a track and field agent received a 10-year ban from the sport.
Hamilton's attorney, Chris Manderson, declined to say whether Hamilton was cooperating with USADA, but he said he had made “no deals” with USADA.
“Tyler is dedicated to telling the truth and helping to clean up the sport of cycling, so that young cyclists no longer have to face the Faustian bargain that he did,” Manderson said in an e-mail.
Late in 2008, Kayle Leogrande, a professional cyclist who had not tested positive for any drug, received a two-year doping ban and the disqualification of his results on the basis of testimony two alleged eyewitnesses gave to USADA.
Armstrong and his attorneys have made it clear they will attack the credibility of Landis and Hamilton in any proceeding; however, the standard of proof for doping cases is lower than the “reasonable doubt” standard for criminal cases. To find a person guilty of a doping offense, an arbitration panel must be “comfortably satisfied” that the evidence shows guilt.
The agency banned sprinter Marion Jones for two years in 2007, disqualifying all of her results from the time of the 2000 Summer Olympics, soon after she pleaded guilty to lying about her steroid use to federal investigators. Jones relinquished the five medals she had won at the 2000 Games in Sydney.
The “60 Minutes” report also claimed that Armstrong, his handlers and the world cycling governing body, UCI, jointly covered up a positive test in 2001 by Armstrong for erythropoietin (EPO). The report showed a letter written by USADA last month in which it sought information about the alleged coverup from the director of the Swiss lab that handled the case, and indicated that the director of that lab, Martial Saugy, had already met with USADA officials.
Saugy declined to comment from Lausanne, Switzerland, on Monday.
The Sunday report said former Armstrong teammate George Hincapie told the grand jury reviewing the case that he and Armstrong shared drugs with each other. Hincapie and his attorney have declined to discuss what Hincapie told the grand jury, citing the ongoing investigation.
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a fast-emerging dark horse in the Jon Lester sweepstakes, joining the Los Angeles Dodgers in pursuit of the Boston ace as the Red Sox decide whether to trade him before Thursday's deadline, major league sources told Yahoo Sports.
Pittsburgh, two games back of the Milwaukee Brewers in the National League Central and a half-game behind three teams competing for the two wild-card spots, boasts one of the best farm systems in the game and could use it to fortify its run at a second straight postseason spot. And one name at the center of the talks, according to sources, is switch-hitting prospect Josh Bell.
The Red Sox continue to ask for an exceedingly high return considering Lester will be a free agent this offseason, sources said, targeting multiple high-end prospects in exchange for what amounts to a rental. The price is prohibitive, particularly with other aces, such as Tampa Bay's David Price and Philadelphia's Cole Hamels, nominally available, not to mention the strong perception that Boston must deal Lester now because it has no intentions of re-signing him in the offseason.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Bell, 21, is the sort of prospect around whom a deal could be made. He hit .335/.384/.502 at Class-A Bradenton before a recent promotion to Double-A. The Pirates signed him for $5 million after selecting him in the second round of the 2011 draft.
The Dodgers' potential centerpieces are considered even higher end: pitcher Julio Urias, outfielder Joc Pederson or shortstop Corey Seager. While the Dodgers are not insistent on adding a pitcher to a rotation that already includes Clayton Kershaw, Zack Greinke, Hyun-Jin Ryu, Josh Beckett and Dan Haren, the ability to use their vast financial resources and deep farm system to upgrade is indeed alluring, sources said.
Story continues
Who that is, exactly, depends on how the market shifts before the 4 p.m. ET deadline Thursday. Tampa Bay, which has thrust itself back into the American League East race, could hold on to Price. Similarly, the Phillies, with Hamels under contract for another four seasons, may try to rebuild around him. Or one of the teams, sensing the glut of pitching and wanting to make a deal, could lower its asking price.
Boston could be the first team to budge. Lester is scheduled to start tomorrow night, and while the Red Sox at one point indicated they would like to know whether he's staying or going before his outing, they expect teams will step up their offers over the next two days.
Other teams known to be interested in the frontline starters include the Brewers, Toronto Blue Jays, Baltimore Orioles, St. Louis Cardinals and Seattle Mariners.
More MLB coverage from Yahoo Sports:
After a meeting with his national security team in the wake of the Orlando shooting, President Obama addressed criticism that he has not used the term "radical Islam" when referring to the shooting. He called the criticism a "political distraction" and said, "calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away." (Reuters)
After a meeting with his national security team in the wake of the Orlando shooting, President Obama addressed criticism that he has not used the term "radical Islam" when referring to the shooting. He called the criticism a "political distraction" and said, "calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away." (Reuters)
For the eighth time during his presidency, President Obama will arrive on Thursday in another grieving American city to assume the role of comforter in chief after a mass shooting, to console the victims and their families, and to offer a message of national solidarity and resilience.
The long list of gun-related attacks during his tenure — including at a military installation in Fort Hood, Tex.; an elementary school in Newtown, Conn.; and an African American church in Charleston, S.C. — has drawn the president to a somber tableau of diverse communities bound together by little more than their grief and fortitude in the face of unspeakable horrors.
A White House spokesman said Wednesday that Obama has been “personally touched” by his interactions with people in those communities and thinks that they have exhibited “courage and perseverance” and a steadfast “refusal not to be divided.” On Wednesday evening, a group of family members from Newtown, where 20 first-graders were gunned down in their classrooms in December 2012, visited the White House to view a documentary film about that tragedy.
But Obama's visit to Orlando comes at a time when his message of embracing a common national spirit and identity above political partisanship — an idea that animated his rise to political power — could be a harder-than-ever sell amid the nasty and divisive 2016 presidential ­campaign.
The slaughter of 49 people in a gay nightclub in Orlando early Sunday has further exacerbated those political tensions, and even Obama lashed out this week at his chief detractor, presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, with a withering assault on what he characterized as Trump's demagoguery of Muslims and other groups.
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What the investigation into the Orlando mass shooting looks like View Photos Officials are scouring the site and others in the area for information about the June 12 massacre. Caption Officials are scouring the site and others in the area for information about the June 12 massacre. June 15, 2016 Law enforcement officials gather outside Pulse nightclub in Orlando during the shooting investigation. David Goldman/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
At a White House picnic for members of Congress on Tuesday evening, Obama alluded to the Orlando massacre and appealed to lawmakers to rise above ­partisanship.
“At moments like this, it's critically important to remind ourselves what bind us together as a people — that regardless of race or ethnicity or religion or sexual orientation, we're all Americans and we look out for each other,” Obama said. “We celebrate those things we hold dear and have in common — the love of family, the love of country. We mourn together when part of that family is hurt.”
Inside the West Wing, Obama and his top advisers have scrambled to react to the worst mass shooting in U.S. history and determine the proper role for the president. Aides said he will spend several hours in Orlando, meeting with victims, families and first responders such as medical personnel and police officers, and he will make public remarks to reporters traveling with him.
But unlike his appearances in Tucson after then-congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords was wounded by a gunman in 2011, and in Charleston, where nine African Americans where killed by a white-supremacist gunman last year, Obama is not expected to participate in a large memorial service in Orlando.
Aides rejected the notion that the president's vision of a diverse and tolerant nation unified in a time of crisis may ring hollow during this election season, which has exposed bitter, seemingly in­trac­table divisions within the American electorate. They point to an outpouring of public sympathy for the Orlando victims, many of whom were gay and Latino. Some of the families speak little or no English.
“He's offering a message of condolence and comfort on behalf of the American people,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said. “This is a responsibility that's all the more important when you're talking about the way that the LGBT community in Orlando came under attack on Saturday, and signs of support and comfort from the president of the United States should be a powerful affirmation for those American citizens.”
Obama has not refrained from political combat in the wake of mass shootings. During a vigil in Newtown, Obama made clear he would move forward on a push for stricter gun control laws, an effort that fell short in Congress amid opposition from most Republicans and some Democrats.
49 people were killed at a nightclub in Orlando when a gunman who pledged loyalty to the Islamic State opened fire and took hostages. Here are the victims. (Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
But the president also has emphasized the need for the nation to rise above political divisions even as it debated how to move forward on policies to prevent another tragedy.
“Rather than pointing fingers or assigning blame, let's use this occasion to expand our moral imaginations, to listen to each other more carefully, to sharpen our instincts for empathy and remind ourselves of all the ways that our hopes and dreams are bound together,” Obama said during the memorial service at a sports arena at the University of Arizona honoring those killed in the shooting that wounded ­Giffords.
The reality is, however, that the semi-regular cycle of mass shootings has produced what seems to be a sped-up cycle of political reaction, debate and recriminations. Obama was shocked by the reaction in Washington to the coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris last November that killed 130, accusing Trump and other Republicans of betraying American values in a rush to ban Muslim immigrants and reject refugees from war-torn Syria.
The following month, when a married couple in San Bernardino, Calif., purportedly inspired by the Islamic State, killed 14 co-workers at an office party, Obama addressed the nation in a rare prime-time Oval Office statement and attempted to calm fears with a call to ­common values.
During his second term, Obama has become very familiar with the orchestration of presidential visits to grief-stricken communities. “Unfortunately we've had far too much practice, but you can never prepare yourself for seeing people in the worst time of their lives,” White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said in an interview Wednesday.
Greg Jaffe contributed to this report.
A map of Oklahoma showing foreclosure rates by county RealtyTrac The New York Observer's Foster Kamer has a great post on why Oklahoma's Attorney General refused to join into the mortgage settlement.
There are, expectedly, diverse opinions on the settlement, from both sides of the debate and a comfortable middle.
Wherever you land on that spectrum, when 49 states go along with a decision and one holds out, there's something going on.
Kamer does a great job debunking Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt's claim that Oklahoma homeowner's will get the same amount of money as those in the other 49 states and tosses aside the claim that the state didn't need to participate because it has an acceptable foreclosure rate.
So what's up with Pruitt? It's impossible to know his motivations with any certainty, of course, but this doesn't make things look good:
In Pruitt's words, he did it for the community banks. And on principle, of course.
For what it's worth, the article provides some samples from Pruitt's 2010 donation cycle:
JP MORGAN CHASE& CO: $10,000.00 ASSOCIATED GENERAL CONTRACTORS OF OKLAHOMA: $5,000.00 ERC LAND DEVELOPMENT GROUP LLC: $5,000.00 AMERICAN FIDELITY CORP: $5,000.00 KOCH INDUSTRIES: $5,000.00 OKLAHOMA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS: $4,000.00 OKLAHOMA BANKERS ASSOCIATION: $3,500.00
And some broader totals:
Finance, Insurance & Real Estate: $175,172.00 Lawyers & Lobbyists: $142,835.00 General Business: $125,546.00
Read the full post at the New York Observer here >>
Abstract
Understanding which species are most vulnerable to human impacts is a prerequisite for designing effective conservation strategies. Surveys of terrestrial species have suggested that large-bodied species and top predators are the most at risk, and it is commonly assumed that such patterns also apply in the ocean. However, there has been no global test of this hypothesis in the sea. We analyzed two fisheries datasets (stock assessments and landings) to determine the life-history traits of species that have suffered dramatic population collapses. Contrary to expectations, our data suggest that up to twice as many fisheries for small, low trophic-level species have collapsed compared with those for large predators. These patterns contrast with those on land, suggesting fundamental differences in the ways that industrial fisheries and land conversion affect natural communities. Even temporary collapses of small, low trophic-level fishes can have ecosystem-wide impacts by reducing food supply to larger fish, seabirds, and marine mammals.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
President Trump has often said that Barack Obama's nuclear weapons deal with Iran was a “terrible deal.” He's right. But whatever he decides to do about it, the opposition is apparent and will only grow both here and abroad.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's “supreme leader,” said he would set the agreement on fire if Mr. Trump tried to change it. Iranian President Rouhani said his nation won't let Mr. Trump change the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, as the Obama deal is formally known.
Any proposal to renegotiate or cancel the deal won't receive warmer receptions from Russia, China, England, France and Germany, which signed it with the United States and Iran.
From the political upheaval in reaction to his temporary immigration ban, the president will have learned to prepare the political battlefield before taking such major actions.
Regarding the Iran deal, perhaps the most effective way to do that is for Mr. Trump to reveal what Mr. Obama's agreement actually provides.
Most international agreements are accompanied by confidential side agreements that are classified or concealed from the public for diplomatic reasons.
We don't even know how many of them Mr. Obama's deal with Iran has. Under the Corker Amendment, which enabled Mr. Obama to claim the Senate had approved the deal, although it had not, all side agreements were required to be submitted to the Senate. That was never done, as a senior Republican senator told me months ago
Many of the most puzzling aspects of Mr. Obama's deal could be explained by Mr. Trump's publication of the side deals.
For example, Iran is permitted to limit how and when international inspectors can inspect some of its nuclear weapons sites. What side deal enables Iran to evade the supposedly intrusive inspection plan?
Bizarrely, Iran is permitted to self-inspect some of its nuclear weapons sites. One example is the Parchin site at which Iran is permitted to collect its own forensic samples and turn them over to the U.N.'s purblind nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Parchin may be the heart of Iran's nuclear weapons development. Unsurprisingly, the IAEA — on the basis of the samples provided by Iran — says that everything at Parchin is just peachy. How does Mr. Obama's deal permit this ridiculous self-inspection? What other sites are exempted from real inspection?
At one point during the negotiations of the deal, Iranian opposition to inspection of military sites was to be decided by a panel of arbitrators comprised of representatives of Iran and each of the P5+1 nations. They were to have about three weeks to decide whether the inspection could proceed. Of course, those three weeks were more than enough time for the Iranians to conceal what was going on. Is there a side deal that effectuates the arbitration idea?
These are only two of the known problems that arose from the side deals. We don't know how many more there are.
Our P5+1 allies will be embarrassed by publication of the side deals because it may show how badly they were duped. The Iranians — whose opposition Mr. Trump can comfortably ignore — understand that publishing the advantages they've gained in secret will result in a backlash supporting Mr. Trump's demands to renegotiate or cancel the deal.
Mr. Trump will be told that we can't risk undoing the nuclear weapons deal because of Iran's strengths in Syria and Iraq. Iran is Russia's principal partner in Syria and will, with Russia, control the outcome of the Syrian war. Both could prove to be obstacles to Mr. Trump's plan to destroy ISIS, but publication of the side deals is immaterial to their action on ISIS.
None of those facts outweigh America's national security interest in preventing Iran from having nuclear weapons. Revealing the side deals can only benefit Mr. Trump. By doing so, he will be able to show Americans how bad the deal really is. He can build political support for the action he intends to take and may, with relative ease, be able to overcome the foreign and congressional opposition that's sure to erupt in Congress and the media.
It will be harder for him to overcome what former President Obama says in defense of what he and the media believe was his greatest diplomatic achievement. What Mr. Obama says will be published and republished hourly by Mr. Trump's media opponents, so Mr. Trump needs to be doubly prepared.
Mr. Trump's team should remember that Mr. Obama made an arms limitation agreement with Russia, the New START Treaty, which became effective in 2011. Like the 2015 nuclear weapons deal with Iran, Mr. Obama's treaty with Russia has unpublished side deals.
Whatever those side deals say, one gave rise to a Russian claim that the our anti-missile missiles (and the warheads on them) must be counted among our offensive missiles, warheads and bombs. Before Mr. Obama's treaty, we had never agreed to count purely defensive weapons as offensive ones. What does that side agreement say and what others did Mr. Obama sign, needlessly giving away American advantages?
Mr. Obama's deals with Iran and Russia are contrary to our national security and those of our allies. Mr. Trump can, and should, make that perfectly clear by publishing the side agreements.
• Jed Babbin served as a deputy undersecretary of defense in the George H.W. Bush administration. He is a senior fellow of the London Center for Policy Research and the author of five books including “In the Words of Our Enemies.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2009 July 2
Explanation: Dubbed a Lyman-alpha blob, an enormous cloud of hydrogen gas spans several hundred thousand light-years in this remarkable image (left), a composite of x-ray, optical, and infrared data from space and ground based observatories. The gigantic, amoeba-like structure is seen as it was when the universe was a mere 2 billion years old (about 12 billion years ago). Lyman-alpha blobs are so called because they strongly emit radiation due to the Lyman-alpha emission line of hydrogen gas. Normally, Lyman-alpha emission is in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum, but Lyman-apha blobs are so distant, their light is redshifted to (longer) optical wavelengths. X-ray data (blue) indicates the presence of a supermassive black hole feeding at the center of an active galaxy embedded in the blob. Illustrated close up in the right hand panel, radiation and outflows from the active galaxy are thought to be a source for energizing and heating the blob's hydrogen gas. In fact, Lyman-alpha blobs could represent an early phase in galaxy formation where the heating is so great it begins to limit further rapid growth of active galaxies and their supermassive black holes.
Margot Robbie is in final negotiations to reunite once more with her About Time and Goodbye Christopher Robin co-star Domhnall Gleeson on a new adaptation of Peter Rabbit.
Gleeson, James Corden, Rose Byrne and Daisy Ridley have already been cast in the live-action/CGI hybrid adaptation of Beatrix Potter's beloved children's story.
The new movie is described as a modern interpretation of Potter's works, focusing on the rivalry between mischievous young Peter Rabbit (Corden) and Mr McGregor (Gleeson), a disgruntled man trying desperately to keep his garden rabbit-free.
It is not yet known which character Robbie will take on, but The Hollywood Reporter says she will voice a bunny, with Gleeson and Byrne playing the live-action roles.
Gluck will direct the project from a script from Rob Lieber, with filming scheduled to kick off in January 2017.
Robbie and Gleeson are currently filming Simon Curtis' upcoming historical biopic Goodbye Christopher Robin, which is about the life of Winnie the Pooh creator A.A. Milne and in which the Irish actor plays the famed writer and Robbie his wife, Daphne.
Ten years ago, Willacy County officials made a catastrophic mistake. And they're about to make it again.
In 2006, “Tent City” opened in Willacy County as a detention facility for civil immigration detainees held by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Also known as “Ritmo” — the “Gitmo” of Raymondville, the city where it was located — it soon became infamous as one of the most inhumane facilities in the country.
Kathleen Baldoni, a nurse who worked in Tent City, testified before Congress that “the level of human suffering was just unbelievable.” Baldoni went on to describe the “extreme temperatures, inadequate nutrition, medical staffing shortages, and long delays for critically needed health care” at the facility.
A PBS Frontline documentary highlighted numerous stories of racial, physical, and sexual abuse of Tent City's detainees in 2011. A 2015 Vice story cataloged the “racism of the guards, the stench of the sewage, and the rampant overcrowding.” And our own report ​“Warehoused and Forgotten” exhaustively detailed the squalor, the hopelessness, and the inhumane conditions in which Tent City's detainees were forced to live.
In 2015, Tent City's prisoners rioted. The facility was almost completely destroyed, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons ended its contract with Management Training Corporation, the company that had run the facility as a for-profit enterprise. A year later, Willacy County officials sued MTC for their “abysmal mismanagement of the prison.”
Willacy County is not the only place that's been burned by these prison profiteers. Last month, the state of Mississippi filed 11 civil Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations lawsuits against MTC and other private prison companies, alleging “a pattern of bribery, kickbacks, misrepresentations, fraud, concealment, money laundering and other wrongful conduct” by these companies.
But now that ICE is looking for new bed space in Willacy County, those same Willacy County officials may drop the lawsuit and contract again with the same unscrupulous private prison company.
County officials should have learned by now that hosting a private prison is not an effective economic development strategy for Texas counties. Yet elected officials are willing to put their county's finances at risk once again to contract with the same private prison company that according to their own lawsuit “failed to properly oversee, manage, and repair the prison and turned a blind eye to the enormous problems that plagued the prison from its inception.”
Private prisons don't provide good jobs, decent wages, or economic growth. Their operators are frequently found in violation of state-imposed standards, especially in staffing and programming. And they often cut back on employment and programs to increase their profits.
Why would Willacy County officials want to relive this nightmare? MTC has proved that they can't oversee, manage, or maintain a prison, and the taxpayers are footing the considerable bill for its failure. Willacy County is buried in debt because of how heavily it relied on that revenue; only more financial and human misery could come of contracting with MTC again.
Heed the lessons of your own history, Willacy County officials: Don't let the false promises of prison profiteers seduce you into reopening Tent City.
Canada's top court on Friday rejected an appeal from parents in Quebec who sought the right to keep their children out of an ethics and religious culture program taught in the province's schools.
The program, which was introduced in 2008 to elementary and high schools by the provincial Education Ministry, replaced religion classes with a curriculum covering all major faiths found in Quebec culture, including Catholic, Protestant, Jewish and aboriginal beliefs.
"Exposing children to a comprehensive presentation of various religions without forcing the children to join them does not constitute an indoctrination of students that would infringe the freedom of religion of L and J [the appellants]," Madam Justice Marie Deschamps wrote in the main ruling.
"Furthermore, the early exposure of children to realities that differ from those in their immediate family environment is a fact of life in society. The suggestion that exposing children to a variety of religious facts in itself infringes their religious freedom or that of their parents amounts to a rejection of the multicultural reality of Canadian society and ignores the Quebec government's obligations with regard to public education."
P.O.V. Do you agree with the Supreme Court's ruling? Have your say.
The top court said that the appellants had not proven that the ethics and religion course infringed their freedom of religion, nor that the refusal of the school board to exempt their children had violated their constitutional rights.
In 2009, Quebec's Superior Court rejected a request from two Drummondville parents who wanted to keep their children out of the program.
After their appeal was denied in Quebec in 2010, the parents took it to the Supreme Court, which heard their case in May 2011.
Incompatible beliefs
When the program became mandatory in Quebec schools in May 2008, the appellants, who cannot be named under a court-ordered publication ban, had one child in elementary school and another in secondary school.
The parents wrote to the two schools to request that their children be exempt from the courses.
They claimed their children would suffer serious harm from contact with a series of beliefs that were mostly incompatible with those of the family.
The school board refused to grant the exemption, responding as other boards had to similar requests. The Quebec minister of education publicly stated that there would be no exemptions.
When Quebec first brought in the ethics and religion course, some Catholic parents fought back, saying it interfered with their ability to pass their faith on to their children. They also argued that it infringed on their freedom of conscience and religion under the Charter of rights and Freedoms.
They wanted to pull their children out of the classes and exempt them from taking other religion classes in the future. Almost 2,000 other parents also requested exemptions from the education ministry but were denied.
In effect, the Supreme Court now has sided with the provincial government and the earlier ruling by the Quebec Court of Appeal.
The past few years haven't been the best for London's Metropolitan police. There was the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes at Stockwell tube station, the shooting of Mark Duggan that sparked the 2011 London riots, illegal phone hacking, allegations of abuse of power and excessive force and often legitimate allegations of racism.
In fact, the police recently admitted that only five percent of street searches in London lead to an arrest, and that black people are 28 times more likely to be stopped in certain areas, which aren't the kind of statistics I'd imagine they really want in the public forum. To round it all off, the Metropolitan Black Police Association – the biggest group representing minority officers in the force – declared this weekend that the Met is still institutionally racist, two decades after the death of Stephen Lawrence.
But despite all that racism, head-kicking and itchy trigger fingers, is it time to give the boys in blue a bit of a break? After all, while you're hungover, they're the ones scooping dead bodies out of canals, strip-searching aggressive crack addicts and working longer hours for less pay to make sure your lives are safer.
To get some insight into life as a London copper – and find out whether they really are angry, racist megalomaniacs – I spoke to Henry (not his real name, obviously), who left his job as a constable in a south London borough last month.
"Henry". Photo by Alex Chitty.
VICE: Hi Henry. What's it like being a policeman in London?
Henry: Exciting, sometimes scary, occasionally boring. There's a lot of paperwork, but that's not too bad, and you can understand why it's needed. You see some crazy things.
Like what?
There was a guy who'd covered himself in petrol and set himself on fire, so we had to wrap him up in cling film. And dead bodies. The first I saw was in this small, hot flat and the guy was just lying there naked; it was awful. Anyway, as I flipped the body to check for knife wounds or anything that would suggest a crime, this dead body let out a huge fart, right in my face. There were a couple of CID detectives there giggling at me, which didn't help. Then you have crackheads' houses, which aren't nice. It's south London, so you see something disgusting every other day.
Gross. But south London isn't all junkies and dead people.
Sure, but you get a fucked up view of the place because you're only dealing with the worst of society, so you start to think everyone in that area must be a scumbag. You keep telling yourself it's not, but you never see Nice People, which is what we call people who aren't involved with us. A lot of the time you're dealing with these idiots who seem to suck everything out of society. People will call you scum on the streets, then call you next day because their boyfriend won't give them the TV remote or let them use the PlayStation. You spend a lot of time dealing with people who can't manage their own lives.
Why did you join then?
I was bored in my desk job and I thought it would be more fun to drive fast cars, chase people, catch criminals and bully the bullies. Not some sense of civic duty or any other bullshit, it just sounded like a really fun job. Like the army, but without the war.
Did you come across many gangs?
Yeah, there were Triads in the area. I was in a response team once and we arrived 30 seconds after a big fight over pirate DVD-selling turf, right on the high street. One guy had been hit with a meat cleaver and you could see his brains. There's not much you can do in that situation except help him – he could have just been a victim. And these aren't cool Triads with Ferraris and coke and hot girls, these are poor kids in trackies selling DVDs. It's sad.
What other gangs were there?
There are about 200 or so identifiable gangs in London and they tend to be run by men in their thirties in charge of “youngers”, who are foot soldiers aged 13 to 20. They copy all the LA gang colours and bandana stuff from the 90s, but they basically just exist to sell drugs and take your iPhone and wallet. We were dealing with the Peckham Boys and the Peckham Young Guns, who were the cunts who killed Damilola Taylor. But also the Ghetto Boys and even some all-female gangs, like the Shower Chicks. Most of the ones you actually catch are just kids, so you can grab hold of them, chuck them in the van and tell them to shut the fuck up or you'll beat the shit out of them.
Is the Met winning or losing the battle against gangs?
I always felt that you couldn't really make a huge difference. You can't expect the government to give you a billion and billions of pounds, which would sort out the problem. But if they gave the police any less money it really would tip over into serious shit. Every policeman is busy all the time, especially with the cuts. With gangs, it's not getting worse, but I don't think it's getting better. Gang injunctions have made a difference, but mostly they're impossible to catch. They do this thing called "starbursting" – running in all directions when you run up on them – so out of a massive group, you might catch one.
I see. Were you aware of any corruption?
No. Some guys would sift through bags of porn and take a couple of DVDs, like in that Triad case [laughs]. You'd hear about the bosses finding crack or weed in officers' lockers at the station, but that would be carelessness after street searches. I wasn't aware of any corruption in the Met. I didn't necessarily like all the other cops, but I could trust them.
How much do police enjoy the power trip?
Some people like the authority and the violence, yeah. It's hard not to. When you're off duty and someone gives you shit, for example, you just show them your warrant card and tell them to fuck off – that gets rid of them. The power goes to some people's heads, but that won't get them far in the police.
What were the 2011 London riots like?
Scary and exhausting at times, but also exciting. There was a feeling of being alone – the bosses would be on the radio asking for support from riot police, but the response would be, "Nope, you're on your own." That wasn't nice. We couldn't respond to most of the 999 calls because we were too busy stopping looting or escorting ambulances and the fire brigade because people were attacking them – who does that?
Did you get attacked personally?
There was one point where I was on a cordon with a female police officer and we were told to "hold the station". Basically, our nick was under siege, and I remember telling her, "If it kicks off, we'll just run away." Then people were lobbing bricks at us when we were on patrol in the car later that night. About half the cars got trashed.
When did you start to feel like you were turning it around?
By the fourth night, every cop in the world seemed to be in London. We felt like the biggest gang in town and we were taking the streets back. We were told to police “robustly” and we did. We were all pissed off and knackered, so we just laid into people. We might have bent up people a bit too hard, but that's “robust policing”. I remember pressing down quite hard on one guy's legs, but I figured he was OK as he wasn't screaming. It was only afterwards I realised I'd had my arm over his throat. It felt good to be actually catching people and we fucking nailed the lot of them.
A man very gracefully throwing a brick at a police car during the London riots.
After the riots, did you get the feeling it could kick off again at any time?
No, but it could at some point. These parts of London are full of people who really hate the police – they see someone getting shot and it makes their blood boil to the point where they want to go and burn a car.
If a riot happened now, would it get shut down quicker?
I suspect it would. The police are good at learning lessons, which is why there hasn't been another Hillsborough Disaster, for example. So I imagine next time it'll be stubbed out pretty quickly.
What did the cops think of the rioters?
You really hate them. Who wouldn't when you've seen all these shops and houses get burned down? They weren't protesting anything, except that the police shot an armed, drug-dealing scumbag, which almost never happens and isn't an excuse for burning houses down. Mark Duggan was a big time gangster, a criminal, armed and was shot by the police. People are stupid and they jump onto a bandwagon.
But Duggan's gun was in a sock in his pocket – you can't shoot him for that.
Of course, but no one knows for sure what happened; the official report isn't out yet. We know he had a gun, which makes him a much better candidate for being shot than Jean Charles de Menezes, for example. People don't realise how bad it is out there; the media just doesn't report on the levels of violence in London. In my borough, someone would get shot or stabbed every week at least. You've got kids getting killed and the papers are talking about whatever celebrity crap or attacking the Met.
"Robust policing" at the student demos.
Did you use racial profiling when you stop-and-search people?
No, and the police aren't racist. You get 20 street robberies a night in one borough, mostly committed by young black men, which isn't racist to say. There were a lot of poor black people in my borough, and that's society's fault, not the police's. You have to record everyone's racial background, so you're actually on the lookout for white kids to search to even out the numbers.
Did you search people for no real reason?
Yes. If you don't like the look of them, you search them.
But that's illegal.
Yeah. They train you to follow a tip from the public or some other evidence, but that never, ever happens. If you see someone that looks like a criminal, they usually are, so you want to turn them over for knives or drugs. You can give the reason that they looked uncomfortable or were in a high street crime area, or other generic stuff. You don't lie, you just got a few sentences to cover yourself. If you weren't doing at least three stop-and-searches per shift, you had to explain yourself.
Did you ever worry about alienating the community?
Yeah, some people do. I did. But I think as you get older you stop thinking that way. You do your best, you talk to the kids and you act nice. Some officers would rile people up to start shit, but that was unusual. That said, you don't always have to be nice if they're not – you can tell someone to shut the fuck up if that's what's needed.
Did you ever have a complaint against you?
Not really. One kid whinged to his mum about me but that was as far as it got. To get complaints you have to piss people off, and if you're not pissing people off you're not doing the job properly. That's not abuse of power, but you have to get in people's faces and annoy them. You have to bully the bullies.
Most complaints come from career criminals, but at Hendon you were told to watch for the “Three Ps”: property and prisoners. You had to make sure your schizophrenic, suicidal, crack addict prisoner doesn't die on you, because a death in custody is the ultimate bad day at the office. You also have to make sure they get their property back when they leave the cells.
And the third P?
[Laughs] Prostitutes. Apparently some will touch their fanny then wipe it on your hand, then make an allegation of sexual assault against you. It doesn't look good when you get a positive result from the DNA swab following the investigation. They'd do that just to get you in trouble. When they say prostitutes, they really mean all female prisoners. Basically, you never allow yourself to be alone with a female prisoner.
Cheers, Henry.
Follow Alex on Twitter: @alexchitty
More stuff involving the London Metropolitan Police Force:
There Was Another Thatcher Death Party in London This Weekend
Walthamstow, Where Fascists Go to Die
A Day At the Riots - Gatecrashing Tory HQ
The Police Even Make Their Own Protests Boring
Microsoft's CEO quickly backpedaled Thursday night after arguing at an event that women shouldn't ask for raises, saying in an email to employees that he answered the question “completely wrong.”
Satya Nadella, who took over as Microsoft's boss in February, said during a question-and-answer session during a conference on women in technology that for women, “it's not really about asking for the raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along.” The CEO argued such a practice was “good karma,” adding “it'll come back because somebody's going to know that's the kind of person that I want to trust.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The reaction to Nadella's comments was swift and angry, with many commenters saying his answer was tone-deaf in an era when many firms are grappling with ways to elevate women's role in the technology world. After issuing a short tweet backtracking from his statement a few hours after the event, Nadella sent this email to Microsoft staff:
“Without a doubt I wholeheartedly support programs at Microsoft and in the industry that bring more women into technology and close the pay gap. I believe men and women should get equal pay for equal work. And when it comes to career advice on getting a raise when you think it's deserved, Maria's advice was the right advice. If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
I'm Erin and I am obsessed with the color turquoise. I started this blog to collect inspirational photos I find of fabulous rooms that feature all of the lovely shades of my favorite color. For more turquoise fun, visit my shopping blog, Everything Turquoise. Read More…
Browse By Category Browse By Category Select Category 30A AGK Design Studio Andrew Howard Bar Basement Bathroom Bedroom Books and Resources Breakfast Nook Bunk Room Cinnamon Shore Closets and Storage Coastal Dining Room Easter Echelon Interiors Fall Decor Fireplace For Sale Foyer Geoff Chick Get the Look Great Paint Colors Guest Blogger Hallway High Point Market Holidays Hotel In the News Jane Coslick Kids Room Kitchen Lark Hotels Laundry Room Library Living Room Mirabel Mudroom My Home My Life Nook Nursery Office One Room Challenge Outdoors Painted Ceilings Painted Door Painted Floors Painted Shelves Painted Shutters Palladian Blue Pantone Pools Porches Rainwashed Readers Rooms' Rustic Shops and Restaurants Stairways Studio Table Setting Teen Room Thibaut Tobi Fairley Tracey Rapisardi Turquoise and Beige Turquoise and Black and White Turquoise and Blue Turquoise and Brown Turquoise and Coral Turquoise and Gold Turquoise and Gray Turquoise and Green Turquoise and Orange Turquoise and Pink Turquoise and Purple Turquoise and Red Turquoise and Tangerine Turquoise and White Turquoise and Yellow Turquoise Appliances Turquoise Backsplash Turquoise Beds and Headboards Turquoise Black White and Yellow Turquoise Chandeliers Turquoise Sofas Tybee Uncategorized Vacation Recap Vacation Rental WaterColor Weddings and Parties Wesley Wythe Blue
The new comedy scores a 0% ranking on Rotten Tomatoes
Eddie Murphy‘s new comedy A Thousand Words has scored the dubious honour of receiving 0% on Rotten Tomatoes.
The movie reviews aggregation site pulled in a solid 39 negative reviews out of 39, making it a contender for the worst reviewed film of all time, according to The Guardian.
Other films have scored 0% in the past, including Puffball and Bucky Larson: Born To Be Star, but never before with such a high profile star. Reviews have been scathing across the board. USA Today said: “the concept is unoriginal, the scenarios aren't funny, and its message is banal.”
The usually sober Variety meanwhile stuck the knife in, saying: “Murphy's largely wordless, physically adroit performance can't redeem this tortured exercise in high-concept spiritualist hokum.”
In the movie, Murphy stars as a literary agent who is cursed by a new age guru, and has to stop speaking or he will die when he has spoken his thousandth word. It is released in the UK on April 6.
The Uttar Pradesh Police conducted 420 encounters with alleged criminals, killing 15, in less than six months since the Yogi Adityanath government came to power, according to official statistics released Friday. Figures released by the Director General of Police headquarters show that a sub-inspector, Jai Prakash Singh, died in one of these encounters with a gang of alleged dacoits in Chitrakoot.
Advertising
Eighty-eight policemen suffered injuries in the encounters between March 20 and September 14, according to the figures. They show that ten of the alleged criminals were killed in just 48 days leading up to September 14.
While IG (Law and Order), Hari Ram Sharma, said that these encounters were part of police's efforts to “control crime”, questions are being raised over a series of tweets by Rahul Srivastav, public relations officer at the DGP headquarters.
On September 2, a day after wanted criminal Sunil Sharma succumbed to injuries sustained in an encounter on the outskirts of Lucknow, Srivastav posted: “#uppolice encounter express halts in the capital… miles to go…” The tweet was accompanied by a news clipping of the encounter.
Advertising
On September 12, Srivastav posted: “No count is final. It's 5 now. A 12,000 rewardee criminal Raju succumbed to bullet injuries in Shamli, another got injured in Muzaffarnagar.”
When contacted, Srivastav declined comment and referred queries to IG Sharma, who is the spokesperson for the DGP's office.
Sharma said police also arrested 1,106 persons in these encounters in which 84 accused were injured. The officer said that the National Security Act has been invoked against 54 accused while the properties of 69 gangsters were attached under the UP Gangster and Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act.
“Criminals do not surrender to police without any resistance. Policemen need to fire in retaliation,” he said.
Dismissing suggestions that police were portraying these encounters as normal, Sharma said, “Police is accountable to the executive, judiciary, media and people. Every encounter is probed through a magisterial inquiry. The National Human Rights Commission has been informed about the deaths.”
ADG (Law and Order) Anand Kumar said, “We have adopted an aggressive and proactive approach towards criminals who are creating fear in society. We are identifying these wanted criminals to arrest them.”
Asked about the encounters, Kumar said, “They happen and are not planned. When police work proactively, there are chances that such encounters will happen.”
Advertising
The BJP government, which took charge on March 19, had faced criticism for its inability to control crime, especially in the initial days of its rule. In June, in an interview telecast on India TV, Adityanath warned: “Agar apradh karenge toh thok diye jayenge (If they commit crimes, they will be hit).”
The Palestinian aid worker accused by Israel of diverting tens of millions of dollars to fund the Hamas war machine in the Gaza Strip was profiled by the United Nations in 2014 as a “humanitarian hero,” according to the charity that employs him and a now-removed page on the website worldhumanitarianday.org that is still archived online.
Muhammad Halabi, a Hamas member and manager of operations for World Vision in Gaza, was indicted in a Beersheba court on Thursday on a number of security-related charges for his alleged role in the scheme. He was arrested on June 15 in a joint operation between the Shin Bet, the Israel Defense Forces and the Israel Police at the Erez Crossing from Israel into Gaza as he tried to return to the Strip.
Halabi, a member of Hamas from a young age, was handpicked to infiltrate the international charity in 2005 in order to steal money for the terrorist organization, according to Israeli investigators. “This was a meaningful and important investigation that showed — above all — the cynical and crude way in which Hamas takes advantage of funds and resources from international humanitarian aid organizations,” the Shin Bet said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In an August 2014 interview on the World Vision website to mark his nomination, Halabi says he became a humanitarian during the Second Intifada at the turn of the millennium, when he “saw the victims among civilians and saw how people were suffering.” This, he said, “motivated me to volunteer in one of the local NGOs.”
The interview says he “has been profiled as one of the UN's Humanitarian heroes.”
Halabi adds: “Having lived through consequent conflicts and wars, seeing injured and killed children, and knowing my own children have been traumatized by the violence, I decided to fully dedicate my life to helping people and children to restore their lives.”
Regarding his work for World Vision, Halabi said: “We are helping more than 1,500 children in 15 Child Friendly Spaces, 350 injured children in hospitals and 600 in neighborhoods. Furthermore, we have helped 8,000 parents in psychological first aid training which significantly reduces the stress on their children during the war.”
World Vision cast doubt Thursday on the accusations by Israel, insisting it conducts regular audits and evaluations to ensure financial aid in Gaza reaches those who need it most.
“Based on the information available to us at this time, we have no reason to believe that the allegations are true,” said World Vision International in a statement.
“Programs in Gaza have been subject to regular internal and independent audits, independent evaluations, and a broad range of internal controls aimed at ensuring that assets reach their intended beneficiaries and are used in compliance with applicable laws and donor requirements,” the charity said.
The money — allegedly some 60 percent of the charity's total budget — was used to purchase weapons, dig tunnels and construct military installations for Hamas, according to investigators.
Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri denied the “false accusations,” telling AFP the movement had “no relationship” with Halabi.
World Vision works in conjunction with the United Nations, often implementing its projects.
The UN said it was “aware of the very serious allegations” and would be following the case.
Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations Danny Danon called on the UN to exercise greater control over its Gaza aid programs to ensure that they are not exploited by terror groups.
“An organization which received UN support was caught funding terrorism,” he said in a statement. “The UN must ensure that other organizations supported by the international community are not aiding terrorists.”
Halabi was handpicked to infiltrate the international charity in 2005 in order to steal money for the terrorist organization, according to the investigation.
Over a period of several years, approximately 40% of World Vision's funds for civilian projects — $1.5 million a year — was also given to Hamas battalions in cash, according to the Shin Bet, along with approximately $4 million a year that was designated for helping the needy.
World Vision is an Evangelical Christian charity created in 1950 that operates in nearly 100 countries worldwide. It is today one of the largest relief organizations based in the United States, with a budget of approximately $2.6 billion and nearly 50,000 employees. It has operated in Israel, the West Bank and Gaza since the 1970s.
A 2015 statement on World Vision's website said it provided support to roughly 90,000 people in Gaza.
AFP contributed to this report
Did Julian Assange Just Use the Bitcoin Blockchain to Prove He Is Alive?
Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks editor-in-chief, read yesterday the bitcoin blockchain hash of block 447506 during a recorded video. At the time, it represented the most recent bitcoin block published to the blockchain. Experts contend this is proof that Mr. Assange is alive – or at least that the video, in which the whistleblower appears uncoerced, was not pre-recorded.
Also Read: WikiLeaks Has Raised 4,000+ BTC Since 2011
Bitcoin's Blockchain is Public and Immutable
There had been some speculation that Mr. Assange was dead or lost control of his online identity. Instead of holding up today's newspaper, as might have happened historically, the Australia-native used the blockchain technology to prove he is alive, contained at the Ecuadorian embassy. He referred to it as “proof of life.”
As a public cryptographic ledger, the bitcoin blockchain allows anyone to “mine” and add pieces of information (known as ‘blocks') to the blockchain, but only upon completing a computer process known as “proof of work”.
Bitcoin's hash algorithm, known as SHA256, scrambles data stored in the blocks (in the case of bitcoin, mostly transaction data) into a string of letters and numbers referred to as a hash. Knowing what data went into creating a hash is very hard. However, it is very easy to determine the hash of a particular piece of data.
A bitcoin block hash represents a random group of letters and number virtually impossible to predict. Once distributed via the blockchain, however, the hash is widely available and cannot be altered. By reading the most recently published block hash, Mr. Assange could prove today's interview had not been pre-recorded.
Bitcoin Removes Financial Blockades
When WikiLeaks released a trove of U.S. diplomatic cables in November 2010, the non-profit lost access to the banking system on December 7, 2010. Since Bank of America, Visa, Mastercard and PayPal stopped serving Wikileaks, the group – known for aiding in the Chelsea Manning leaks – began accepting bitcoin.
WikiLeaks offers private bitcoin addresses for larger donations, so it's tough to know how many bitcoins the service has received. Through 626 days of the financial blockade in August 2012, as reported by Jon Matonis for Forbes, Wikileaks had received (on just its public bitcoin address) more than $32,000 equivalent in over 1,100 separate bitcoin donations. 1BTC was worth $10 at that time.
As of November 30, 2016, WikiLeaks had raised 4,000 bitcoin since 2011. The address received its 4,000th bitcoin in December 2016. In September of 2014 during a Reddit AMA, Assange spoke highly of the bitcoin blockchain:
Bitcoin is an extremely important innovation, but not in the way most people think. Bitcoin's real innovation is a globally verifiable proof of publishing at a certain time. The whole system is built on that concept and many other systems can also be built on it. The blockchain nails down history, breaking Orwell's dictum of ‘He who controls the present controls the past and he who controls the past controls the future.
In his book, Mr. Assange allegedly details the process by which WikiLeaks came to accepting bitcoin donations, including discussions on forums with the pseudonymous founder of bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto, who wrote:
The project needs to grow gradually so the software can be strengthened along the way. I make this appeal to WikiLeaks not to try to use bitcoin. Bitcoin is a small beta community in its infancy. You would not stand to get more than pocket change, and the heat you would bring would likely destroy us at this stage.
Indeed, WikiLeaks heeded the advice of Satoshi Nakamoto. Assange states that “WikiLeaks read and agreed with Satoshi's analysis, and decided to put off the launch of a Bitcoin donation channel until the currency had become more established.”
Alive, Held Against his Will
During the interview recorded today, Mr. Assange did not seem to be under duress. He implored viewers, however, not to take this as a sign that everything's coming up roses.
“Don't take some cryptographic proof as evidence that I am OK,” Mr. Assange said. “I'm not, I have been held here for 8 years. I haven't been OK the entire time.”
What do you think about Julian Assange's ‘proof of life' interview? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock, Twitter, and Pixabay.
Bitcoin.com is ramping up our tools section with a variety of useful Bitcoin-related applications. There's a price converter, paper wallet generator, a faucet, and a verifier to validate messages using the Bitcoin blockchain. We're pretty excited to introduce these new widgets and tools so our visitors have the best resources to navigate the Bitcoin landscape.
The Internet has come a long way since the early 90s. For instance, the Apple homepage here? That was no fan page. That was Apple's actual homepage in the early Internet days, a far cry from the crisp and clean Apple.com of today. Listen, kids, things were more fast and loose back in the days when pages took three minutes to load and "good web design" was virtually non-existent.
This first Apple site reportedly dates from around 1993 or 1994. Kevin Fox found it upon some deep digging, after finding a history of the Apple.com page compiled from Archive.org by Charlie Hoehn. Fox had it on hand from an old, old screenshot (probably taken when the Print Screen button ~meant something~), and has since tried to trace it backwards.
The screenshot had to be resurrected from a .pict file, a borderline obsolete file format that could be revived by GraphicConverter, granting us this snapshot of the early Internet. As Fox points out, this page would have been built as one image with image map tags (in which you put in coordinates on an image to indicate where to hyperlink a part of that image.)
Sadly, you can no longer navigate a version of Apple.com that's old enough to order a drink. But Gizmodo, the Telegraph, and Mental Floss have all previously compiled websites left over from the early Internet. Dig into the production notes of Space Jam, check in on the Dole / Kemp 1996 presidential campaign, or find out whatever happened with that O.J. Simpson trial.
Source: Kottke
Actor Anthony Edwards published a statement Friday accusing producer Gary Goddard, whom he first met at the age of 12, of sexual molestation over a multi-year period. But even before those allegations emerged — and prior to a previous accusation in 2014 — Goddard's big-ticket Broadway 4D project, which would have brought newfound technological bells and whistles to the stage, had apparently stalled out.
Goddard announced Broadway 4D in March 2012, which was described in a 2013 press release as “a 3-D film-enhanced show incorporating in-theater special effects,” but it went off the rails in 2014 due to financial and theater renovation issues, according to an October report from Broadway World.
Goddard and partners had inked a 49-year lease with New 42nd Street to restore the long-abandoned Times Square Theatre as a venue for its new theatrical vision, built elaborate sets, and hired big name actors like Hugh Jackman and Christina Aguilera, the latter of whom was brought on to sing the iconic “Don't Cry for Me Argentina” song from “Evita.”
Also Read: Anthony Edwards Says He Was Molested by Producer Gary Goddard as a Child
Alas, Goddard and partner Robert Kory closed up shop in the middle of that year, with Broadway 4D resurfacing a year later when Elie Samaha and Donald Kushner, who had renovated Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, put out a statement announcing that they had acquired the assets. But there's been radio silence since, even though the director brought in to oversee Broadway 4D's creative decisions still believes it would have been a worthwhile endeavor.
“I was certainly enthusiastic about it,” Richard Maltby, Jr. told Broadway World. “I think it is a lovely tribute to Broadway. Those iconic numbers. It wouldn't take ticket buyers from ‘Wicked,' it would inspire people to see ‘Wicked.' People would develop a love of musicals from watching this film. Broadway is about not only the shows that are there now, but everything before. This film is a tribute to that.”
The dome was largely destroyed in 2006 by extremists who entered the shrine and set off explosives. It was later rebuilt.
Hospital officials in Samarra reported that six people were killed and 23 others were wounded in the attack.
The Iraqi government has heavily reinforced the city of Samarra, about 80 miles north of Baghdad, to prevent insurgents with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria from carrying out such attacks on the shrine. It has so far prevented ISIS from entering Samarra or getting close to the shrine area.
ISIS has made no secret of its intention to foment a sectarian war in Iraq, as Al Qaeda did in 2006.
The attack was likely to arouse fears of retaliatory attacks in an atmosphere where Sunnis have already become victims of random, apparently sectarian killings in Baghdad and elsewhere, as a response to the advances by ISIS in Sunni parts of the country.
Barack Obama has now been at war longer than any president in United States history, as the New York Times pointed out on Sunday. Barring some sort of peace miracle in the next six months, he will be the only president who ever served two full terms in office while constantly being at war. And given how he has transformed how the US fights overseas, his wars will likely continue long after he leaves office.
Anytime the media writes about Obama and war, it's apparently a rule that the author must mention that Obama supposedly fights his wars more reluctantly than his predecessors. But in many contexts, this is misleading. Obama hasn't attempted to avoid war; he has merely redefined it. In some ways, he has fought them in a far more aggressively than any president before him, just with different tools.
As the US meddles in another Middle East war, candidates must address it | Trevor Timm Read more
Gone are the battalions of tens of thousands of soldiers, torching everything in their paths. Obama's wars are fought with special forces, drones and other high-tech weaponry that, he argues, lead to fewer American deaths. But they pose the same dangers to world peace that the wars in Vietnam and Iraq once did, while making them far easier to fight.
Obama's hallmark has been drone strikes, which he has used to bomb at least seven countries since becoming president. For all the talk of their precision and pin-pointedness, though, drones regularly kill additional people and have resulted in hundreds of civilian deaths. These strikes cause blowback and stoke anti-American hatred in virtually every country they fly in, and many former officials say the program does more harm than good.
But it's not just drones. Instead of being straightforward with the public, his administration hides behind secrecy and word gymnastics in all facets of its war policy, keeping the number of exact number of troops in the Middle East hidden from the public, and re-defining words like “combat” and “boots on the ground” and “civilians” to mask how much killing is really going on.
Even the word “end” has lost all meaning. Obama declared the “end” of the Iraq war in 2011 only to start sending troops back. In Afghanistan, he didn't even go through that formality. While he declared the Afghanistan war over in 2014, thousands troops continue to fight, and sometimes die, inside the country to this day. There is no definite timetable for when they will leave, if ever.
How many troops are in each country exactly? Well as the Times points out, we don't know, since the Pentagon refuses to say. We do know that there are at least tenfold more troops in Iraq now than there were in the latter half of 2014, when Obama went on television and said that the US would be conducting “limited” airstrikes there. Since then, more than 25,000 bombs have been dropped in Iraq, Syria, Libya and elsewhere.
For a reluctant warrior, Obama also has smashed records for selling weaponry and arms to our Middle East “allies”, many of whom continue to wage their own wars of destruction. One of those wars, Saudi Arabia's, has thrown Yemen into chaos and strengthened al-Qaida, which has, in turn, led to Obama sending US troops back into the country. The timetable on that fight? “Short term”, a Pentagon spokesman said last week.
Donald Trump's foreign policy speech proves: we have no anti-war candidates | Trevor Timm Read more
This is not to say Obama's wars are completely comparable to his predecessors', including those of George W Bush – his Iraq war remains the most calamitous foreign policy mistake of our generation. And with each passing year, despite the fact that no one wants to admit it, the Afghanistan war inches closer to the same.
But at least Bush fought his wars with authorization from Congress, something that Obama has refused to do with his war on Isis, despite the constitution requiring it. Maybe this isn't solely the Obama administration's fault. Congress has shown itself to be cowardly in upholding its constitutional responsibility, content with the president taking all the blame when things go wrong. But the Obama administration has continually refused put forth its own plan for an Isis war authorization beyond a couple of soundbites saying it'd be nice if Congress passed one (while also making clear it won't make a difference either way).
Whoever the next president is, there's little chance he or she uses these powers less. Donald Trump is an unpredictable maniac who denounces military interventions in one breath and promises them in the next. Hillary Clinton, a longtime favorite of the neocon crowd even before Trump became the Republican nominee, has supported virtually every aggressive US military action in the past 15 years and has already promised more military intervention than Obama.
Rather than being remembered as the reluctant warrior, pushed into war by circumstance, there is far more likelihood Obama will be remembered as the opposite: the president who cemented the forever war mentality and architecture that has continually expanded, and that tragically shows no signs of slowing.
WhatsApp Share Email 154 Shares
Anthony Foley's men could be about to sign a new playmaker.
The Irish Times have this morning reported that the IRFU want Ian Madigan to move to Munster. Despite the fact that the Union's High Performance Director, David Nucifora, has yet to offer the playmaker a new contract.
Nevertheless, with Ian Keatley unable to recapture the form that saw him make his Six Nations debut against Italy last season, and having lost JJ Hanrahan to Northampton, such a move would make perfect sense for both Munster and Ireland.
Indeed, if Madigan were to move to Munster, it would leave Ireland with their three first choice outhalves playing regularly, the others being Johnny Sexton and Paddy Jackson.
However both Munster and the IRFU would have to fight off the attention of clubs such as Bristol, Harlequins, Bordeaux-Begles and Montpellier if the move were to go through.
However given Munster's poor form, Madigan's signature would come as a massive boost to fans who have been disinclined to watch their team play this season.
Alan Drumm, Pundit Arena
Introducing the Toshiba Excite 7.7
While Toshiba's tablets so far haven't been necessarily bad, like most Android tablets they just haven't really set the world on fire. The only breakthroughs in this market seem to have been ASUS with their Transformers and Amazon's Kindle Fire with its hyper-aggressive pricetag; frankly, the iPad's market stranglehold is a tough nut to crack. That's why I like seeing what Toshiba's up to; most people don't notice when they experiment, but with their Excite line they definitely seem to be doing just that.
Toshiba produced the only 13.3" tablet at the top of the Excite line, but in the smallest form factor, the 7.7", they've gone a different route. To Excite 7.7 eschews the IPS panels most commonly found on tablets in favor of a 1280x800 AMOLED display. The result is a visual experience that's definitely eyecatching compared to other tablets on the market, but can it really justify the $499 starting price?
So here's an interesting question for you: why is the desktop/notebook/case guy handling a tablet review instead of someone like Jason, Anand, Brian, or Vivek? The simple answer is that as someone who doesn't use tablets with any great frequency, I get a slightly different perspective much as Jarred did when he helped review the Acer Iconia A500. This is a big, fresh market that's only going to get bigger with the release of Windows 8; my experience just seeing what HP and Toshiba had in store for that launch is proof enough of that. Just like smartphones have gradually eroded the market for dedicated portable gaming consoles, tablets (and ultrabooks to an extent) have been eating away the market for netbooks. Whether you like it or not, this is the new boss.
With to Excite 7.7, Toshiba is taking the basic foundations of Android tablets and banking on a crucial difference: the AMOLED display. AMOLED is an interesting display technology choice for a tablet; thus far it's been found essentially almost entirely on smartphones, but it has a lot to offer in a bigger size. So while to Excite's 1280x800 resolution isn't necessarily competitive with the substantially higher resolutions of bigger tablets, it makes up for it by having an essentially unmeasurable contrast ratio. When a pixel on an AMOLED display is off, it's off, so there's no calculating a contrast ratio when you have to divide by zero.
Tablet Specification Comparison Toshiba Excite 7.7 Apple iPad (2012) Amazon Kindle Fire Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 Dimensions 205.7 x 134.6 x 7.6mm 241.2 x 185.7 x 9.4mm 190 x 120 x 11.4mm 230.9 x 157.8 x 8.6mm Display 7.7-inch 1280x800 AMOLED 9.7-inch 2048 x 1536 IPS 7-inch 1024 x 600 IPS 8.9-inch 1280 x 800 PLS Weight 349g 652g 413g 447g Processor NVIDIA Tegra 3 1.3GHz (4 x Cortex A9 + 1 x LP Cortex A9) Apple A5X (2 x Cortex A9, PowerVR SGX 543MP4) 1GHz TI OMAP 4430 (2 x Cortex A9) 1GHz NVIDIA Tegra 2 (2 x Cortex A9) Memory 1GB 1GB 512MB 1GB Storage 16GB 16GB 8GB 16GB Pricing $499 $499 $199 $469
To Excite 7.7's biggest problem from the get go is that price tag, but note that it's among the thinnest and lightest tablets available, easily besting the Amazon Kindle Fire. Thankfully the $499 MSRP isn't what's materializing in retail; a visit to NewEgg reveals the 32GB model available for $509 while the 16GB model is just $429. That's still a chunk of change, but at least it takes it out of striking distance of the incumbent iPad. Weighing about half as much probably doesn't hurt either.
Specifications on to Excite 7.7 are fairly modest; it's Tegra 3 as we're accustomed to for Ice Cream Sandwich-powered Android tablets and features a 5-megapixel rear camera and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. Wired connectivity is handled by a micro-USB port, micro-SD slot, and headphone/mic combo jack; wireless is bog standard 802.11b/g/n and Bluetooth 3.0, with no mobile broadband options. The shell itself is attractive, though, with a black finish around the front display, two speakers on the bottom surrounding the charging port, and an etched aluminum backing.
UPDATED GLUTEN FREE GLASTONBURY FOR 2015: So (nearly) every single year it gets to April & everyone starts to get excited for Glastonbury! There is no need to worry if you are Gluten Free at Glastonbury, Glastonbury have got it covered with an amazing choice of places to indulge gluten free! & I have also got it covered with my Gluten Free Glastonbury Guide!
All dishes were gluten and dairy free. I had an amazing King Prawn Caldine served with basmati rice. The queue was insane, I waited for about 20 minutes and it was the best wait of my entire weekend. They also serve a spicy Goan Fish Curry, Dhal dishes and for the early birds an epic sounding Smoked Salmon Kedgeree. If you ever get the opportunity to sample The Goan Fish Company's delights at a festival I would highly highly recommend it.
Delicious gluten free pancakes were devoured all weekend by yours truly. The gluten free pancake is actually called a Galette which is listed as a savoury pancake; but I asked the guys running La Bonne Crepe and they said I could choose any sweet or savoury filling! So whether it's a nutella and banana pancake or a ham, cheese and mushroom savoury pancake you fancy you can have one. (Galettes are actually made with Buckwheat Flour if you're interested!) I tried out both sweet and savoury gluten free delights from La Bonne Crepe and would definitely head back there if I found them at another festival.
Now I know that paella can be something that us gluten intolerants can often eat anyway… but not always, and this paella stall was amazing! They clearly stated they were gluten free on all their signs, which was great too. They do both a vegetarian and meat paellas. I can confirm that they both smelt and looked incredible & further still the meat paella was divine. The huge chunks of chorizo flavoured the paella amazingly. This was one of the first dishes I had at Glastonbury and I can safely say I still dream about it often. Check them out if you see their stand at another festival this summer!
What a find this was! Cake, cakes and more cakes! Not all gluten free but the choice of gluten free cakes was outstanding. From lemon drizzle to carrot cake and even a gluten free sticky toffee pudding with custard! Furthermore they have a huge selection of vegan cakes too, for instance they had a date & walnut cake, a sticky ginger cake and a chocolate cake on offer when I visited. So for those who cannot consume dairy there is something here for you too. The best thing in my opinion about The Cake Hole is that all cakes and puddings are baked right on site… in the field! I don't know how they do it but they do it brilliantly. The carrot cake was a massive hit in my belly! That is the great thing about Glastonbury It's certainly not all burgers and hot dogs, a civilised bowl on pudding with custard is very much an option here.
Now I have always been a massive fan of Honeybuns Bakery as you might be able to tell from previous posts, so to find somewhere like this amongst all the mud at Glastonbury made me feel right at home! Not only did their cakes and bakes taste as delicious as ever but Honeybuns had a lovely little covered area with seats where you could relax whilst you chomped down a cake… or two! All gluten free of course and incredibly friendly means a massive thumbs up from me!
Now of course smoothies are naturally gluten free anyway but this place deserves a mention. I tried my best to keep my already dodgy digestive system functioning at Glastonbury and Smooth Criminals with their delicious range of smoothies made this much easier. The smoothies are full of fresh and delicious fruit and yoghurt. I particularly enjoyed one called ‘Purple Haze', which I think was raspberry, blueberry and strawberry. These smoothies were incredibly filling and cooling and made me feel great! ?
As a massive fan of Brighton as a place on this earth I was really excited to get the chance to visit La Choza at Glastonbury who were situated at The Common. I heard they would be serving some tasty gluten free soft corn tortillas and crispy corn tacos, something I love. I love Mexican food so much and so this was something I didn't want to miss. Yet I did! I never got down to The Common for one reason or another and so I totally missed out. However, I would highly recommend anyone visiting them at a festival this summer or if you are in Brighton go and check them out on Gloucester Road, you won't regret it!
8) Thai Green Curry from Unknown Named Stand!
I had a delicious Thai Green Chicken Curry from a stand close by to the Somerset Cider bus and the Pyramid Stage but sadly I cannot remember for the life of me what the stall was called! I will mention it anyway however as this was delicious! Served with really flavoursome Thai rice, I couldn't think of a nicer accompaniment to a bit of Jack White on the Saturday evening! The stall had it clearly stated that gluten free options were available and they were very helpful when I went and asked! I must say everyone was very understanding of gluten free options at Glastonbury so I would urge you to always ask. If you don't ask, you don't get!!
Further Gluten Free Glastonbury Highlights:
*** For more Gluten Free Info – head over to Williams Green Info Point & they will provide a list ***
Glastonbury is a food festival as well as a performing arts festival and so I was pretty excited to see what they could offer me & you definitely should be too!
It is shocking when you arrive at Glastonbury to see literally how many different food stalls exist; it is quite literally off the chain. The variety in cuisine makes you feel like you are on a round the world trip over 5 days. Delicious, authentic and if you take your time… plenty of gluten free goodness is right there.
Obviously the usual dishes that we feel pretty safe eating are all on offer… so jacket potatoes, salads, smoothies, juices, and fruit salads. But when you see your best mate devouring a curry, I can't be the only one who thinks a banana just doesn't hack it. (Although submerging my face in half a juicy pineapple from a fruit stall near The Park Stage was scrumptiously memorable!)
I hope if you are going to Glastonbury you have a great time and eat happily and safely gluten free! Have an awesome time! Please let me know if you attend any other festivals this summer whether the gluten free options are as vast, I would be interested to know 🙂
If you ever want to chat drop me a line at bex@glutenfreecuppatea.co.uk or check out the Twitter and Facebook pages.
Thanks for reading,
Love Becky xxx
Thanks to Gluten Free Glasto on Twitter for helping me out in 2014!
Comments
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
Former Spain captain Carles Puyol posed for selfies and talked soccer with more than 1,000 refugees in Thessaloniki, Greece, before the "clasico" Spanish league match between Real Madrid and Barcelona.
The refugees live in four camps near Thessaloniki and later watched the game on two giant indoor screens on the grounds of the Thessaloniki International Trade Fair.
Puyol, a former Barcelona captain, unsurprisingly predicted his team would do well in the top-of-the-table clash. He was right — Barcelona won 3-2.
Accompanied by La Liga president Javier Tebas and Greek migration minister Yannis Mouzalas, Puyol attended the "Football Family Day" event, organized by La Liga, Spanish media group Mediapro and NGOs InterVolve and Open Cultural Center.
Here are three quick sports opinions:
1. Johnny Manziel should be playing. He's as ready as he's ever going to be, the Browns need a change of pace, and everyone should be rooting for him to start as soon as possible. Think about last weekend. Did you really care about the Skins-Colts blowout? Or watching two average teams (Ravens and Chargers) in a shootout we've already forgotten? Manziel finally coming off the bench in the fourth quarter of Bills-Browns was the most exciting thing to happen during nine early games.
If you love Manziel, that first drive when he walked Cleveland straight down the field and scored a touchdown was everything you've been hoping for since April. If you can't stand Manziel, that second series — when he appeared to fumble into the end zone and then lay there dead — was just as satisfying. Either way, everyone's happy. Johnny Manziel in the NFL is great for exactly this reason. Everything he does will be wonderful to at least half the fans in America. And Browns fans and players and coaches should want him on the field, too, because the alternative is …
2. Brian Hoyer is not very good right now. I say this as someone who enjoys Hoyer. I've been rooting for him since last year, and when the Browns started hot, I was quick to celebrate and wonder about the future. But now it's two months later, and it's fair to say the future is less complicated. Whatever extension the Browns were offering, Hoyer should have taken it, because it no longer makes sense to keep him in Cleveland for the long term.
Watching Hoyer involves a lot of cringing — either because of his horrible throws or his horrible decisions. A few months ago, you could have argued that he was better than Manziel, because he was a steady, mistake-free option. Now you can't even say that. Hoyer has thrown six interceptions and one touchdown in the last 15 quarters. The offense is dead with him under center. Against the Jaguars, in the worst loss of the season, he was 16-of-41 for no touchdowns and a pick. The only thing you can argue at this point is that “the guy just wins,” but even that falls apart when you look up close. He's got a 10-5 record as a starter, but only two of those wins have come against above-.500 teams — both against Andy Dalton and the Bengals. It's impossible to look at the evidence we have and say that Hoyer gives Cleveland a better shot than Manziel at beating the Colts this weekend. And yet …
3. The Browns are smart to start Hoyer. I was talking to a brown fan (Martin Rickman from Sports Illustrated) this week, and he helped make this click for me. Don't think about this weekend, think about next week. The entire country would tune in to watch Manziel against the Colts, and the Colts are better than the Browns across the board. If it breaks bad this weekend, suddenly everyone starts talking about Manziel as a failure, arguing about whether he's to blame for the Browns missing the playoffs. Why throw him into that jet engine of insanity?
Manziel is a guy who brings out the worst side of football.
Mike Pettine's decision on Brian Hoyer is a triumph of common sense over analytics. Football is a people business not a math equation. — Tony Grossi (@TonyGrossi) December 3, 2014
People talk about Johnny Football with about the same level of sophistication that the movie Crash discussed racism. Everyone's a caricature, everything's a lesson in morality. It's about as subtle as a tire iron to the forehead. Will character triumph? Or is football a math equation? Will coach cave to LeBron and Drake, or stay loyal to the locker room?
It's so stupid.
You don't think the locker room wants to play with a quarterback that actually gives them a chance to win? Even if some players prefer Hoyer, it would take one good game from Manziel before everyone flipped.
This isn't about analytics, either. Forget completion percentages. Hoyer fails the eye test in every possible way. The Browns offense has been sputtering for two months, and there's a quarterback sitting on the bench who has the potential to come in and give the whole team a spark. It should be a no-brainer.
But somehow we've gotten to the point where that stupid media conversation actually matters. Fans hear both sides exaggerated and form their opinions within that framework without even realizing it. Other players hear this stuff and do the same. Even Manziel hears it, and eventually it affects everyone involved.
Look at the Redskins. RG3 was turned into a god during that first season. Then he became such a polarizing figure that criticizing him became its own stock industry. Then the Skins allowed him to come back too early (in a bad situation with ridiculous expectations), the media turned on him, he became increasingly insecure, he got hurt again and seemed just as shaky mentally, and the whole thing just snowballed into a disaster. For whatever reason, RG3 cost himself the benefit of the doubt with national and local media, the Redskins never realized how much that would affect both him and the team, and eventually it ruined their franchise player.
Just let Hoyer play. If he fails in the first half of the biggest game of the Browns' season, play Manziel in the second. If Cleveland wins, there's no debate about who should start. If Cleveland loses, the Browns are out of the playoff race, it's time to look to the future, and there's no debate about who should start. It's just a better plan.
Starting Manziel this weekend would turn him into a giant target and the obvious scapegoat for Cleveland's dead playoff hopes. That would be incredibly stupid, but it's exactly how the conversations would go if Manziel started and lost.
Now, is that why the Browns are sticking with Hoyer? Maybe not.
But it's why I'm glad that Manziel's not starting this weekend.
Just because something's obviously stupid and insulting doesn't stop a ton of people from taking it seriously. I mean, Crash won a fucking Oscar.
Each year the Perseid meteor shower shows up in August, dazzling even accidental stargazers with an average of 100 meteors per hour. But tonight, during the event's zenith, Earth is in for an even more spectacular show than usual.
Forecasters are predicting a Perseid outburst this year with double the normal rates—we're talking more than three meteors a minute under perfect conditions. And this year's abnormally heavy shower is all thanks to the outsized gravitational pull of the gas giant Jupiter.
“Jupiter is a real gravitational bully,” says Bill Cooke, lead of NASA's Meteoroid Environments Office. “In our solar system there's the sun and Jupiter and the rest is garbage.”
Every Perseid meteor is actually a dust-sized fragment of the Swift-Tuttle comet, left behind in the dirty iceball's wake as it swings through Earth's corner of the solar system every 133 years. When the Swift-Tuttle debris field crosses paths with our planet, the pieces of broken-up comet hit the atmosphere at about 124,000 miles per hour and burn up in fiery flashes of light. Most years, Earth just glances off the edge of the comet stream, where floating space chunks are few and far between.
But a few times a century Jupiter makes things more interesting. Every time Jupiter orbits the sun, it passes within a few million miles of the huge network of discarded dust trails—and the gas giant's gravitational field bends a portion of the debris field a bit closer to Earth. So about every 20 years, Earth winds up plowing headlong into a denser pocket of comet castaways than usual. Thanks Jupiter.
No, but actually, thank you. NASA predicts that the abnormally high numbers of meteors in the sky tonight are the result of Jupiter nudging at least three debris streams from separate comet passes into a direct collision course with Earth (based on a computer simulation that took about 700 hours to calculate). For US observers, most of the meteors you'll see are a result of debris dating back to the year 1079. Viewers in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Asia will get fresher “drops” from the comet's rendezvous with Earth in the 15th and 19th centuries.
The best time to watch will be between midnight and dawn local time. Go outside, lie on your back and give yourself 45 minutes for your eyes to adjust to the dark. If you live in a big city or somewhere with heavy cloud cover, don't worry, there are other ways to catch the spectacle without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. NASA's sky stream from the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama goes live at 10 pm Eastern tonight.
Or watch Slooh's live coverage, starting at 8 pm Eastern.
Wednesday September 02, 2009
apache.org incident report for 8/28/2009
Last week we posted about the security breach that caused us to temporarily suspend some services. All services have now been restored. We have analyzed the events that led to the breach, and continued to work on improving the security of our systems.
NOTE: At no time were any Apache Software Foundation code repositories, downloads, or users put at risk by this intrusion. However, we believe that providing a detailed account of what happened will make the internet a better place, by allowing others to learn from our mistakes.
What Happened?
Our initial running theory was correct--the server that hosted the apachecon.com (dv35.apachecon.com) website had been compromised. The machine was running CentOS, and we suspect they may have used the recent local root exploits patched in RHSA-2009-1222 to escalate their privileges on this machine. The attackers fully compromised this machine, including gaining root privileges, and destroyed most of the logs, making it difficult for us to confirm the details of everything that happened on the machine.
This machine is owned by the ApacheCon conference production company, not by the Apache Software Foundation. However, members of the ASF infrastructure team had accounts on this machine, including one used to create backups.
The attackers attempted unsuccessfully to use passwords from the compromised ApacheCon host to log on to our production webservers. Later, using the SSH Key of the backup account, they were able to access people.apache.org (minotaur.apache.org). This account was an unprivileged user, used to create backups from the ApacheCon host.
minotaur.apache.org runs FreeBSD 7-STABLE, and acts as the staging machine for our mirror network. It is our primary shell account server, and provides many other services for Apache developers. None of our Subversion (version control) data is kept on this machine, and there was never any risk to any Apache source code.
Once the attackers had gained shell access, they added CGI scripts to the document root folders of several of our websites. A regular, scheduled rsync process copied these scripts to our production web server, eos.apache.org, where they became externally visible. The CGI scripts were used to obtain remote shells, with information sent using HTTP POST commands.
Our download pages are dynamically generated, to enable us to present users with a local mirror of our software. This means that all of our domains have ExecCGI enabled, making it harder for us to protect against an attack of this nature.
After discovering the CGI scripts, the infrastructure team decided to shutdown any servers that could potentially have been affected. This included people.apache.org, and both the EU and US website servers. All website traffic was redirected to a known-good server, and a temporary security message was put in place to let people know we were aware of an issue.
One by one, we brought the potentially-affected servers up, in single user mode, using our out of band access. It quickly became clear that aurora.apache.org, the EU website server, had not been affected. Although the CGI scripts had been rsync'd to that machine, they had never been run. This machine was not included in the DNS rotation at the time of the attack.
aurora.apache.org runs Solaris 10, and we were able to restore the box to a known-good configuration by cloning and promoting a ZFS snapshot from a day before the CGI scripts were synced over. Doing so enabled us to bring the EU server back online, and to rapidly restore our main websites. Thereafter, we continued to analyze the cause of the breach, the method of access, and which, if any, other machines had been compromised.
Shortly after bringing up aurora.apache.org we determined that the most likely route of the breach was the backup routine from dv35.apachecon.com. We grabbed all the available logs from dv35.apachecon.com, and promptly shut it down.
Analysis continued on minotaur.apache.org and eos.apache.org (our US server), until we were confident that all remants of the attackers had been removed. As each server was declared clean, it was brought back online.
What worked?
The use of ZFS snapshots enabled us to restore the EU production web server to a known-good state.
Redundant services in two locations allowed us to run services from an alternate location while continuing to work on the affected servers and services.
A non-uniform set of compromised machines (Linux/CentOS i386, FreeBSD-7 amd_64, and Solaris 10 on sparc) made it difficult for the attackers to escalate privileges on multiple machines.
What didn't work?
The use of SSH keys facilitated this attack. In hindsight, our implementation left a lot to be desired--we did not restrict SSH keys appropriately, and we were unaware of their misuse.
The rsync setup, which uses people.apache.org to manage the deployment of our websites, enabled the attackers to get their files onto the US mirror, undetected.
The ability to run CGI scripts in any virtual host, when most of our websites do not need this functionality, made us unneccesarily vulnerable to an attack of this nature.
The lack of logs from the ApacheCon host prevents us from conclusively determining the full course of action taken by the attacker. All but one log file were deleted by the attacker, and logs were not kept off the machine.
What changes we are making now?
Requiring all users with elevated privileges to use OPIE for sudo on certain machines. We already require this in some places, but will expand its use as necessary.
Recreating and using new SSH keys, one per host, for backups. Also enforcing use of the from="" and command="" strings in the authorized keys file on the destination backup server. In tandem with access restrictions which only allow connections from machines that are actually backing up data, this will prevent 3rd party machines from being able to establish an SSH connection.
The command="" string in the authorized_keys file is now explicit, and only allows one way rsync traffic, due to the paths and flags used.
New keys have been generated for all hosts, with a minimum key length of at least 4096 bits .
The VM that hosted the old apachecon.com site remains powered down, awaiting further detailed analysis. The apachecon.com website has been re-deployed on a new VM, with a new provider and different operating system.
We are looking at disabling CGI support on most of our website systems. This has led to the creation of a new httpd module that will handle things like mirror locations for downloads.
The method by which most of our public facing websites are deployed to our production servers will also change, becoming a much more automated process. We hope to have switched over to a SvnSubPub / SvnWcSub based system within the next few weeks.
We will re-implement measures such as IP banning after several failed logins, on all machines.
A proposal has been made to introduce centralized logging. This would include all system logs, and possibly also services such as smtpd and httpd.
As a result of this intrusion we are making several changes, to help further secure our infrastructure from such issues in the future. These changes include the following:
Posted at 08:56AM Sep 02, 2009 by pctony in Status | |
Pin Share 13 145 Shares
Adobe rolled out a new update for their Digital Editions Epub app today, and I have good news, bad news, and okay news.
This is a relatively minor update to the month-old Epub app, and the good news is that it adds a full text search option as well as a new display window for search results.
The bad news is that we don't know for sure whether Adobe is still spying on users, because (and here's the okay news) they say that they are now encrypting the data uploaded to their servers. According to the changelog posted by Adobe, one of the new features is:
Enhanced security for transmitting rights management and licensing validation information. With this latest version of Digital Editions 4.0.1, the data is sent to Adobe in a secure transmission (using HTTPS).
I got the tip from Adobe a couple hours ago, after having run several tests I can confirm that the data uploaded to Adobe's servers is no longer being sent in clear text.
I can't speak as to the quality of the encryption or what data Adobe is collecting, but at least they have taken the basic step of making it difficult for everyone in the world to listen in when that data is sent to Adobe's servers.
Update: I've heard from another tester who identified that Adobe was using SSL, and that it didn't appear to be sending any data at all (for DRM-free ebooks). But if you activate a DRMed ebook Adobe does send a lot of encrypted information. Removing that DRMed ebook stopped the app from sending info. Thanks, Michael!
Second Update: I have an independent confirmation that Adobe only uploads data after a DRMed ebook has been activated.
For those just tuning in, earlier this month I broke the news that Adobe's newest ebook app was logging users' reading habits and scanning the storage of any attached ereader and uploading that data to Adobe's servers in the clear.
After my initial report was confirmed by Ars Technica, the shit hit the fan. Following criticism from the EFF and from librarians, leading to a partial admission from Adobe that they had been collecting data "in accordance with their privacy policies" (which just goes to show that Techdirt is right; such policies are a joke).
You can find a timeline of events on my original post.
My report has sparked a debate in the ebook world over just what activities are acceptable. Some took the position that Adobe's actions were similar to the conveniences that we take for granted with the major ebook platforms (and web services in general). That would be a good point if not for the fact that Adobe was not providing me with any service which would require collecting that data, much less uploading to their servers.
The best you can say for Adobe is that they might have been intending to provide a syncing service in the future, possibly as part of the iPad app which I have been told is in the works, or as part of the ebook platform which they license to other companies (Kobo, B&N, Pocketbook, and so on). That could be true, but again Adobe was not providing that service and thus did not need to collect the data, much less upload it.
This is less a case of a company screwing up in supporting users than it is one of a major tech company grabbing more user info than is required and then, when they are caught, trying to write it off with a "My bad" and a promise to add encryption.
That is entirely the wrong response. What they should have said was that they would stop the spying, not that they would make it more difficult for the world to listen in.
Unfortunately there's not much that users stop Adobe. This company is too central to the ebook world and that means that we will have to do business with them at some point.
The best the average user can do is to use a firewall or other utility to block Adobe's apps from accessing the web, or possibly use one of the older versions of Adobe DE (which to the best of my knowledge does not collect user data).
Or we could always flee into the welcome embrace of Amazon, but many in the ebook world would call that a fate worse than death. Plus, there is no guarantee that Amazon is not collecting similar data on users.
If anything, this ensuing story has reminded us that there are maony circumstances where privacy is more of a figleaf than a reality. The best we can really hope for is that the services we use won't blab our person details to the world.
image by Soctech
Illegal trade of owl can, to some extent, be ascribed to fallacious socio-cultural beliefs and superstitions—for instance, the skeleton of the owl is believed to protect oneself from evil spirits, and paste from its bones to relieve bodily pain
Mar 7, 2016-Around 225 species of owl are found in the world; of which, two were listed on the IUCN Red List last year. Nepal is home to a total of 21 species of owl and four species among them are categorised as endangered. However, none of the species of owl found in Nepal are prioritised in the IUCN Red List 2015; due to which, their status is often overlooked by institutional agencies or the government. The population of owls is increasingly in decline due to illegal hunting and trade. Some species of owl are traded for as much as Rs 300,000 and beyond.
Such illegal trade of owl can, to some extent, be ascribed to the fallacious socio-cultural beliefs and superstitions—for instance, the skeleton of the owl is believed to protect oneself and one's vicinity from evil spirits, the meat to lessen the effects of diseases such as asthma, and the paste made from its bones to relieve bodily pain and discomfort while also speeding recovery of bone fracture.
Similarly, activities such as overuse of chemical fertilisers and pesticides, hunting for entertainment by locals, increased deforestation, overgrazing, electrocution, and forest fires are also the reason to their heightened vulnerability.
In order to avoid exploiting wildlife for monetary benefits, it is important to remember that owls are often called the “friends of farmers”, and rightly so, as they prey on small rodents capable of causing heavy loss in crop production. Their role in the intricate food web is defined, and allows for our ecosystem
to sustain itself. Other than the owl's inherent value as a unique organism that has much to contribute to biodiversity, studies have revealed
that tourists often come to Nepal for the specific purpose of bird-watching. Protecting such endangered species of owls would thus be excessively beneficial to our country, ecologically and economically.
Although owls are a naturally threatened species in Nepal, no significant study has been carried out to reveal detailed information on their status. Neither has the ethno-botanical relationship between owls and humans substantially studied. Their trade is, more often than not, overlooked by concerned authorities. In addition, conservation awareness is tragically low for owls in comparison to more popular mammals. Even around the world, only a handful of organisations such as the World Owl Trust, Global Owl Project, and Friends of Nature are actively working for its conservation.
Thus, it is of utmost importance to conduct systematic research to obtain reliable baseline data on the status of owls and their population, to regularly monitor their behaviour and habitats, to scholastically peer into the ethno-botanical relationship shared between owls and humans, and to initiate conservation measures and awareness.
Artificial nesting sites and sustainable use of land that secures the habitat of wildlife should also be encouraged. Moreover, proper co-ordination between non-governmental organisations and the government ensures attention from the government towards bird conservation, alongside effective dissemination of programmes for activists and scholars pursuing studies on wildlife, forestry, environmental science and similar disciplines to further ignite a social awareness in the populace on the importance of owl conservation and the consequences of illegal domestication or trade of owls.
Sapkota is a Bachelors student at the Agriculture and Forestry University, Hetauda
Published: 07-03-2016 08:09
Welcome to Ars Cardboard, our weekend look at tabletop games! Check out our complete board gaming coverage at cardboard.arstechnica.com —and let us know what you think.
The Expanse just has it. George R.R. Martin can't stop professing his love, and the franchise is fresh off a Hugo award nomination in the new TV category. Now, the sci-fi series is flaring its engines and painting a target on your tabletop.
The official new board game from publisher Wizkids features the events of the first two seasons to craft a compelling strategy game of political jockeying. Players take on the roles of one of four competing factions: the United Nations, the Mars Congressional Republic, the Outer Planets Alliance (OPA), or the Protogen corporation.
The blend of political brinksmanship with a slow escalation toward war is gripping—and captured expertly in this design as factions vie for control of the solar system. As a player, you'll do everything from launching OPA insurgencies on Saturn to deploying Martian troops to Tycho to building up a UN diplomatic presence in the Outer Planets.
Game details Designer: Geoff Engelstein
Publisher: Wizkids
Players: 2-4
Age: 14+
Playing time: 45-75 minutes
Price: $35 ( Geoff EngelsteinWizkids2-414+45-75 minutes: $35 ( CoolStuffInc
You accomplish this using a system similar to the venerated Twilight Struggle Cold War board game mixed with the "priority mechanic" of the Counter Insurgency (COIN) wargames. The core system consists of a row of event cards dealt face-up at the edge of the board. These depict key moments or characters from the series, like Bobby Draper, the Protomolecule Hybrid, and even Julie Mao's Razorback. While the stills and titles are familiar, how the cards affect the board state remains unpredictable.
The active player chooses one of these cards to execute, then pays a cost in victory points. The card at the far left of the row is free to select, but the cost increases the farther right you go. So you can take the cheapest offering or give ground on the scoring track in return for more choices.
Once you've made your choice of card, you have three options: receive the action points listed in the top right corner, fire off the special text at the bottom, or save the event to use later in the game. (The catch is that you can only trigger the event text if your faction is listed as eligible on the card.)
Card effects vary wildly in power and can provide key opportunities to shift the board dynamic in your favor. You can move a group of ships to a different planet or deploy influence cubes to leverage strategic positions for eventual scoring. There's a distinct lack of reliance on dice or randomization beyond how the row of events unfolds.
The event card selection mechanism also highlights the agile way this design scales with player count. At four, the card row is more volatile; it's harder to rely on a specific selection being available when it comes back around. At two players, the game is much more chess-like.
If you settle on a card and scoop up those action points, you'll want to consider fueling your faction upgrades. These provide asymmetry and a satisfying injection of personality. Wait until you hit the fully developed Protomolecule and can wipe out entire populaces at your whim; this is powerful and chilling stuff. The asymmetry doesn't run nearly as deep as in the aforementioned COIN series, but it's just enough to thematically anchor Expanse's hour-long experience.
But if you do select those action points and forego the card's event, each other faction eligible to trigger the special text now has a shot to do so. A priority track determines the order in which each player makes this choice, with the first to confirm receiving the benefit.
The faction executing the event then drops to the bottom of the priority track, foregoing control of short-term opportunities. This system of hopping in and triggering special actions off-turn adds a great deal of strategic nuance to play (and keeps players engaged when it's not their turn). Decisions can be tough—should I snag those four juicy four action points even if it might allow the OPA an event that could shift the tide on Ceres?
There's little direct conflict early in this game, with only a handful of events actually removing enemy influence cubes or ship tokens from the board. But things open up a bit mid-way through when everyone gains access to the "open warfare" development. This allows the expenditure of two action points to destroy an enemy ship, weakening another player's foothold in a system. But it's costly enough not to be used regularly.
All of this wrestling for control builds toward key moments when scoring options appear on the event row. Six identical cards are spaced deliberately throughout the deck; when selected from the event row by a player, scoring is enabled. The enacting player secretly chooses an area of the board to benefit from, while the remaining bases offer much less to their controlling faction. This selection—and its timing—is key to large point swings and does a great job of representing hot spots of geopolitical (or astropolitical) interest spiking into relevance.
Players have one final chance to trigger an event they've saved in an attempt to gain ground. The participant owning the Rocinante sheet may instead utilize one of the abilities listed there, such as Amos Burton's ability to destroy a bunch of ships or Holden's effect of placing a single cube anywhere on the board. (The latter is typically met with a bunch of groans and general loathing for the man as he swoops in and mucks up everyone else's plans.)
While the design is smooth from a mechanical perspective, the engines stall a bit when it comes to presentation. The game does not exactly grab hold of your eyeballs. While this is positively reflected in the game's modest list price, it doesn't quite jibe with momentous events occurring on a galactic scale. It would have been ideal to see such a beloved IP featured in grand fashion.
Fortunately, The Expanse overcomes those visual shortcomings. An asymmetric area control game devoid of bloat and spanning a mere 60 minutes is as rare as a modest Belter or peaceful Martian. It offers all of this while remaining an engaging enough strategic experiment that you need no familiarity with the show to play. As long as you get the basics of the setting—political maneuvering and nations on the verge of war—you'll get The Expanse.
Netflix has said it wants to bring South African movies and shows to a global audience through its platform.
“There are great stories to be told here. It's just the question of finding the right story,” said Yann Lafargue, head of Netflix corporate communications for EMEA.
He said Netflix is not looking for content that will only appeal to a local audience. As with shows like Narcos, they want local stories that may travel globally.
One of the ways Netflix finds such content is through its content acquisition team, which scouts for places where there are good storytellers.
People will also come with near-finished films or episodes for shows, while others will only have a script to pitch – like the Duffer brothers did with Stranger Things.
Regardless of which category creators fall into, Netflix said it is best to get an agent to promote your idea.
Networks
It may also happen that a film or series has attracted the attention of TV networks, in which case there will be a bidding war – where the highest bidder usually wins.
Lafargue said he could not promise Netflix will pick up South African content, but now that they are officially in South Africa, he is sure they will receive pitches from local creators.
Netflix is spending billions of dollars on original content, which it said drives subscriber growth and keeps users on the platform.
Lafargue said they also expect to charge South African subscribers in rand soon – within the coming weeks or months.
Netflix has not announced the rand prices.
Take a Break from the Wait: Magic Kingdom
The Magic Kingdom is known for its magical themed lands, Cinderella's Castle, mind-blowing fireworks, characters, parades, rides, shows, and (of course) wait times. Long attraction queues are an unavoidable part of going to any of the Walt Disney World parks and, honestly, we all get a little sick of dealing with these waits. As someone who visits the parks one to ten times a month (and I've done so as long as I can remember), I too find myself feeling impatient at times. However, through my impatience came the discovery of all the amazing things to do in the parks that don't typically have much of a wait. In this article I will be sharing some great ways to take a break from the wait in Orlando's most popular theme park, the Magic Kingdom.
Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor:
Opened in 2007, the Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor is one of my favorites. The level of guest interaction is incredible, from the conversations with the monsters onstage, guests being highlighted throughout the show, and guests texting in their own jokes. Laugh Floor is a must-see for both adults and children.
Stitch's Great Escape:
Located right across from The Laugh Floor is Stitch's Great Escape. This attraction is cute, fun, and overall cool (though younger kids who tend to become afraid of the dark and those who are claustrophobic may not enjoy it as much). You and your family are new Galactic Federation recruits who have to deal with a dangerous Level Three Prisoner on your very first day.
Carousel of Progress:
Carousel of Progress is a Disney classic originally shown at the 1964 World's Fair in New York.
This attraction hardly ever has a long wait and is a great way to hide from the rain or escape the Florida heat. I love seeing the retro kitchens, furnishings, and clothing in the sets of each room, as well as the representation of the modern day.
Tomorrowland Transit Authority:
This attraction is also known to most as the People Mover. Ascend the escalator, board the tram, and relax as you ride above Tomorrowland and through Space Mountain. This is a great way to give your feet a break from all the walking that comes along with being on vacation.
Country Bear Jamboree:
This comedic classic located in Frontierland is an old-fashioned country, well… jamboree. Perfect for families with small children and a great way to wind down a bit before eating in Pecos Bill's, which this show exits into.
Swiss Family Treehouse:
Keep in mind before you get into the treehouse that it does involve climbing a very large flight of stairs. That being said, this walkthrough offers some gorgeous views of the river below and is just plain fun to climb through. One room even adds some Christmas music seasonally. The treehouse is great for those with active children who have energy to burn. Don't forget to read the informative signs posted along with each room.
Northern Syria Democratic Federation Co-chair Hediye Yusuf: We declared the federation project for the solution to the Syrian crisis, it is a part of the solution. We made this decision together with all the peoples of the Emancipated Northern Syria. At the same time, this project and treaty aimed for and foresaw such a solution. In the search for a solution to the Syrian crisis in the framework of certain principles, we determined our own principles. We are the only force in the region that has concrete projects in the current situation in the region."
Despite threats and invasion moves by the Turkish state, as the operation Wrath of the Euphrates continues to liberate Raqqa, the Northern Syria Democratic Federation is put into practice step by step with the decisions taken in the 2nd Constituent Assembly meeting held by the end of 2016. In such an atmosphere, can the meeting to be held in Astana on January 25 by Russia, Iran, the Baath regime and Turkey for the solution of the Syria crisis bear results when the solution of the Northern Syria Democratic Federation is ignored?
ANF spoke with Northern Syria Democratic Federation Co-chair Hediye Yusuf on the reactions to the federation project and their plans for the future, the Turkish state's threats and invasion moves towards the North, the Raqqa operation and the Astana meetings.
In the 2nd Northern Syria Democratic Federation meeting held by the end of 2016, your social contract and political document were approved. In a way, this means your federation project being put into practice. What were the regional and international reactions to this?
The actual declaration of the federation was back in March. There were reactions against our project from both internal and external powers. The regime and the Syrian opposition, also states like Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar claimed Syria would fragment with the federation and protested. Undoubtedly, they still hadn't understood the content of our project, and the regime and the opposition were working to slander the project. They tried to make this project misunderstood. But later, due to meetings with internal powers, the states in the region and the international states our project was better understood.
THERE WERE NO NEGATIVE REACTIONS OTHER THAN THE TURKISH STATE
We can say that we have positive results by the end of a 8-month long effort. We tried to explain to especially our base in Northern Syria with what purpose the Federation was declared, what the Federation means, how it will defend the rights of nations, how the nations will take part in this system. And that strengthened the unity inside against the foreign politics, and we were able to promote our project better in diplomatic relations. Thus, with the approval of the social contract in the second meeting, the content for the foundation of our system was determined. 165 people approved this contract, the process was open to the public. It was shared through several channels. Up to now, the general reception has been positive. It was considered a positive move by the regional and international states. Some circles even sent celebratory messages because it's a democratic project. In short, there were no negative reactions.
It was only the Turkish state that objected to this project. Because the Turkish state has plans to invade Northern Syria. Thus, they consider a democratic project to possibly develop in Northern Syria against their interests. Other than Turkey, generally, everybody considers this project positive and appropriate.
The most important situation for us is the peoples and nations of Syria to support and actually demand this project. Because they all can find themselves in this project.
The Turkish state's invasion moves in Northern Syria continue. The word is that this invasion was extended with some preparation and Erdoğan threatening Manbij after it was liberated from ISIS. What do you think about this?
AKP's policies in both Turkey and Syria/Rojava have failed. Turkey is experiencing a great defeat. And now they are facing defeat within a vast game. Erdoğan is just running. Like a man holding on to a snake not to drown, he thinks maybe he can get away. Turkey's threats actually show they can't do anything, that they are desperate. Erdoğan can only make promises and threats.
ERDOĞAN SOLD THE OPPOSITION OUT
Undoubtedly, the Turkish state invading some regions in Northern Syria caused large scale reactions. Not only did all the peoples of Northern Syria protested, everybody else objected to this too. But in the current situation, there is a war. The Syrian people consider the Turkish state policies supporting terrorism as part of the annihilation politics. In this sense, the Turkish state let down the Syrian opposition they supported. They sold out Jarablus and Bab in return for the invasion. The opposition is now bankrupt. The failing of Syrian opposition means the failing of the Turkish state. The Syrian opposition moved out of many places like Dareya, Aleppo, etc. That created a new political balance. And the Turkish state entering Syria disturbed everybody. We were disturbed the most because we have the most interest in Northern Syria. The Arabs, Kurds, Armenians, Turkmens and other groups living in Northern Syria are not happy with this. We are living on our own lands, and we are building a system based on these lands. Thus we have legitimacy. The external invading force is the Turkish state. For this reason, we have the right to defend ourselves in the face of these attacks and attempts at invasion, and we will make the Turkish state sorry they invaded Northern Syria and we will defeat them, with all our might.
ERDOĞAN KNOWS HE'S BEEN DEFEATED, THAT'S WHY HE THREATENS
Erdoğan is aware that he has been defeated, but they don't want to admit. Despite all, he keeps saying, “I will enter Manbij and Raqqa”. Does he think the regional forces, the US, Iran, Russia, the peoples of Syria, the peoples of the Middle East will accept this? Even now, Dubai has protested the Turkish state making a deal with Iran and Russia. They said, “The Turks tricked us.” Saudi Arabia also said the same thing. ISIS also says the Turkish state tricked them. Actually, the Turkish state is in a very threatened and weak position now. For example, both openly and in deep politics, Russia is a force to drag Turkey to the quicksand. This is how they are exacting their revenge on the Turkish state. Turkey is calculating a successful way out of this crisis but their defeat is certain.
The Operation Wrath of the Euphrates launched to liberate the ISIS capital Raqqa continues successfully. How will the liberation of Raqqa affect the Northern Syria Democratic Federation?
The emancipation of Manbij increased legitimacy for our forces and showed that we are the real force in the region. If Raqqa were to also be taken, it will develop our legitimacy for Syria in general. These cities will need a leading force, a force that can do organizing. The emancipation of Raqqa will prove SDF's legitimacy throughout Syria and it will be accepted. Thus, it will cause us to make our mark for the solution in the Syrian crisis. Because the people of the region themselves are fighting, with a new style, confidence and faith in the struggle. Raqqa is important to us in this sense, and the success will open the way for important political developments.
Is Raqqa city a part of the Northern Syria Democratic Federation?
Cities like Manbij and Raqqa are free to join the federation systems if they so will. The liberated areas are slowly building their autonomous administrations and their assemblies. For example, the city of Manbij built their assembly. We don't force any area to join the federation borders. We take the will of nations as a base. If the Manbij assembly takes such a decision, then they will be part of the federation. The same goes for Raqqa. If they accept our contract, they can join too. The Raqqa operation is still underway, so it's too early to say anything in any case.
All three Geneva meetings held by the international powers for a solution to the Syrian crisis up to date have failed to produce results, but now there is word that talks in Astana will start on January 25 with the same goal. Have you received any official invitations for the Northern Syria Democratic Federation, which is also a project for a solution?
We declared the federation project regarding the solution to the Syrian crisis, this is part of the solution. We took this decision together with all the peoples in the Emancipated Northern Syria. At the same time, this project and treaty aimed for and foresaw such a solution. In the search for a solution to the Syrian crisis in the framework of certain principles, we determined our own principles. We are the only force in the region that has concrete projects in the current situation in the region. The peoples of Northern Syria have taken the first practical steps towards a solution and tried to develop it.
None of the forces outside of Northern Syria who spent efforts and tried to organize could develop a solution. Because they didn't consider the will of the peoples of the region, the current conditions and the reality. The first, second and third Geneva meetings, the Cairo and Moscow meetings failed to produce results. These efforts have been in place for the last 6 years, and they produce no result. Because they didn't take their strength from the actual nations and the peoples. They were based on external views and powers. They eliminated many powers and didn't take the actual power seriously. Thus, instead of development and solution, the issue got even deeper and more complex. And the peoples of Syria were forced to pay a price that kept on getting higher for it. The meeting in Astana will be one of these meetings.
IN THIS WAY, THE ASTANA MEETINGS HAVE FAILED BEFORE THEY START
Along with Turkey, Russia and Iran, everybody is pushing their own conditions and stance. Most recently for this, some armed forces present in Syria will convene in the Astana meeting. If it happens in this way, we can say that the Astana meetings will have failed before they even start. Because they aren't based on the peoples of the region, but mostly on some armed forces. Armed forces can't bring any solution in Syria. Just a weak ceasefire won't be a solution to the problems in Syria. Also, what the negotiations will develop over, what the projects will be based on are not clear. So we can foresee that this meeting will be a failure. Again, as an essential power in the region we haven't been invited. If we are, our proposals for the solution are clear. The Turkish state is against us being invited. They don't want us there because we have actual projects for a solution that can be discussed. The forces in the meeting are not on the same page on this. We don't believe any solution that will be developed in this manner will result in a success. Because as an essential force, we weren't included, and that in itself shows that this won't carry out in a democratic framework and it will just be in line with their own interests.
Despite all that has happened, the Northern Syria Democratic Federation continues to be put into practice. In this line, what are your plans and goals for the coming period?
We have taken some decisions after the second meeting. This assembly will continue to work until the Democratic Congress of Peoples is formed. We need election laws to guide the coming period well, and these laws will be passed in the future. When the laws are ready, we will have an election. There will be such a preparation. The foundation for this will be prepared. Starting from the communes, up to the Democraic Congress of Peoples, elections will continue. Another point is that the executive assembly will supervise this election process. The execution has already elected their two co-chairs. Roza Yusuf and Senarhi Bersom were elected co-chairs. They will prepare the foundation for the election process and will carry out their efforts in three committees.
With the diplomacy rounds, relationships in the Middle Eastern countries and abroad will be developed further to garner stronger support. This diplomacy committee will try to develop relationships with all groups interested in the Syrian crisis. Translating the social contract, sending it out, letters and other methods etc., the press-information committee will actively follow up on this process and will play a role in the concrete practical steps of the project. The other committee will wait until all laws are ready to be able to conduct the election efforts. The assembly will be responsible for the practical steps to be taken in the framework of the social contract.
We need to prepare in the right way for the elections and we need to be organized in order for us to represent our own will. We want our peoples to take part in the process in a heightened awareness. This is quite important for us. This will to be elected will govern Syria. We need to prepare ourselves for the process with a democratic will that is distanced from the narrow national interests. We celebrate the approval of the social contract for all our peoples of Syria. We believe we will take great steps in Northern Syria and Syria in general and we trust in our own power.
EU Referendum: not your business 12/06/2015
Follow @eureferendum
I'm sure
In the meantime, he might even believe he's clever. But he parades the ignorance typical of his corporate class,
When it comes to whether we remain in the EU, therefore, Mr Paul Everitt needs to learn one thing: how we are governed is not the business of business. His corrupt, incompetent and criminal gang needs to pay a bit more attention to how it runs its own businesses, before telling us what we should be doing. We don't appreciate political interference in our referendum from Airbus, BAE Systems, Rolls-Royce and the like - all of them recipients of multi-millions in EU funding. I'm sure Paul Everitt , Chief Executive of ADS Group, thinks he's very important in the scheme of things, but when it comes to a referendum, he's got one vote – just like the rest of us.In the meantime, he might even believe he's clever. But he parades the ignorance typical of his corporate class, failing to understand the difference between the political construct of the EU and the Single Market – which are actually two different things. And nor is anyone particularly impressed that he should get the negligent incompetent and downright criminal fraudsters , KPMG, to write his propaganda, on behalf of his equally negligent corrupt and downright criminal members.When it comes to whether we remain in the EU, therefore, Mr Paul Everitt needs to learn one thing: how we are governed is not the business of business. His corrupt, incompetent and criminal gang needs to pay a bit more attention to how it runs its own businesses, before telling us what we should be doing. We don't appreciate political interference in our referendum from Airbus, BAE Systems, Rolls-Royce and the like - all of them recipients of multi-millions in EU funding.
And, of course, it might have helped if this poisonous organisation had revealed that it was receiving substantial EU funds (above) to organise a major EU propaganda-fest in London this autumn, called
And as they stick their hands in our wallets, the And, of course, it might have helped if this poisonous organisation had revealed that it was receiving substantial EU funds (above) to organise a major EU propaganda-fest in London this autumn, called Aerodays 2015 . You can just bet that this event, co-funded by British taxpayers, will be used to spread more propaganda, all in the guise of jobs and the public interest.And as they stick their hands in our wallets, the corrupt and dishonest corporates can always rely on a friendly reception from the gullible media, who willingly publish the euro-propaganda , ever-complicit in the spread of ignorance and corporate lies.
February 2014 Author Earnings Report
Share this:
Published: 2/19/2014
Written by: Hugh Howey
One week ago, we released our initial Author Earnings report on the prevalence and breakdown of nearly 7,000 genre e-books on Amazon's bestseller lists. We only looked at three categories of genre fiction. Since that time, our spider has been hard at work gathering data on a wider variety of titles as it probes deeper into the lists. This time, over 54,000 titles were collected, practically every book on every Amazon bestseller list.
For you techies out there who geek out on methodology, the spider works like this: It crawls through all the categories, sub-categories, and sub-sub-categories listed on Amazon, starting from the very top and working its way down. It scans each product page and parses the text straight from the source html. Along with title, author, price, star-rating, and publisher information, the spider also grabs the book's overall Amazon Kindle store sales ranking. This overall sales ranking is then used to slot each title into a single master list. Duplicate entries, from books appearing on multiple bestseller lists, get discarded.
As before, our spider is looking at a snapshot of sales rankings for one particular day — in this case February 7, 2014. Extrapolation is only useful for determining relative market share and theoretical earnings potential. Our conclusions assume that the proportion of self-published to traditionally published titles doesn't change dramatically from day to day, and the similarity of this dataset, collected 9 days after the previous one, lends that assumption some support. By comparing successive reports over the coming months, we will be able to answer the day-to-day variance question more completely.
Of the ~54,000 titles sampled, ~11,000 (or 22%) were genre fiction. ~30,000 (60%) were non-fiction. ~900 (1.8%) were literary fiction. And ~10,000 (20%) were children's books (young adult is not included in this last category). The preponderance of nonfiction in this sample does not reflect market share. Rather, it reflects the many hundreds of detailed Amazon sub-sub-sub-category bestseller lists for non-fiction (Health, Fitness & Dieting > Alternative Medicine > Holistic, for example), that make lower-selling nonfiction more visible to the spider than equally low-selling fiction.
In order to better understand where and why this data differs from the three genre categories of our original report, let's look at four different segments: Genre fiction, literary fiction, non-fiction, and children's books. Here's how daily unit sales and gross dollar sales divide up among them:
As with our previous report, daily unit sales and dollar sales estimates are based on crowdsourced sales rates by overall Amazon ranking. Adjusting these sales rates does not greatly alter any of our conclusions, as all titles are affected. What these graphs represent, then, is a snapshot of Amazon bestseller rank—which has been observed to correlate neatly with daily sales figures—and price.
With all genre fiction lumped together, the previous estimates of 70% market share still hold. Future reports will break these genres down further. The goal of this report is to look at all e-books, rather than a single subset.
Genre Fiction (All Genres)
The roughly 11,000 genre titles from our 54K sampling look very similar to the previous dataset of Mystery/Thriller & Suspense, Romance, and Science Fiction/Fantasy. These 11,000 genre books now also include Action & Adventure, Horror, Historical Fiction, Erotica, and the like. Here is the breakdown of how these 11,000 genre titles were published, and we can see that including all genres has given a boost to small publishers when compared to our initial report:
This breakdown is very similar to our original report, with self-published authors commanding roughly the same share titles on bestseller lists as the Big 5 combined. Ah, but where on the lists are these books? By estimating daily sales according to rank on the overall list, we can get a clearer picture:
Not to belabor the point, but no matter how the unit sales by rank figures are adjusted, all titles are impacted equally, so the share of the pie remains largely unchanged. The above graph is a neat visual indicator of relative strength across Amazon bestseller charts. We can see that small publisher titles are well-represented on the lists but that the sales are relatively muted. As with our first report, self-published and Big 5 published genre works are roughly equivalent.
Gross sales and author earnings come next, where we anticipated a fall-off for self-published authors as we included all genres, but we're seeing just a few percentage points difference from our earlier report:
Again, because of the higher royalties for self-published works, this daily snapshot of earnings reveals indie authors as a group making more than traditionally published authors:
See our 11K genre spreadsheet at the bottom of the report for more graphs and the full data set. It would be a lot to include everything here. People can only take so much pie.
Non-Fiction
Let's move to non-fiction, where we see that the abundance of sub-sub categories favors small publishers :
Surprisingly (to us at least), self-published authors capture 22% of the total share of earnings in non-fiction. Breaking this out by individual publisher might show that self-published authors—as a group—are the top publisher of non-fiction e-books on Amazon:
Literature and Fiction
Next are the results for literature and fiction, which remember account for 5% of sampled titles out of our total ~54,000:
The lesson from these graphs and the overall genre breakdown at the very beginning of this report is that e-literature and e-literary-fiction do not make up a large market share, not as an overall share of all e-book sales. But they do pay better for self-published authors than the traditionally published. This is not a trivial observation. It is well known that self-published authors make 5.6 times the royalty rate as their traditionally published counterparts. But these graphs capture more than that. They also take into account the lower average price of self-published books plus the variable royalty rate that occurs below the $2.99 price point. More crucially, these charts capture the relative strength in number and ranking of self-published and traditionally published works. It is one thing to know that self-published authors make more, sale to sale. To see an earning snapshot that compares overall Amazon ranking with lower prices factored in is quite extraordinary. For non-fiction and literature both, the results here show that genre fiction is not the only place for self-published writers to carve out a portion of Amazon sales.
Children's Books
Quickly and without commentary, a look at children's books, which does not include YA and represents only 3% of bestselling titles:
The Overall Picture
Now let's put all of these categories together and look at the relative market share for the entire 54,000+ titles, combined:
Across the entire range of e-books, fiction and nonfiction, adult and children's, genre and literary, indie authors make up a large slice of the overall Amazon pie. While indie market shares in bestselling nonfiction, literary fiction, and children's fiction are still catching up with genre fiction—where indies already beat out the Big-5—indies have already made surprising inroads into those other categories, too. We see also that including all the other genres alongside the three top-selling categories of our first report did not appreciably alter the distribution of self-published titles across the lists. Once again, no matter how we tweak the relationship between daily sales and bestseller rank, the effect on all titles is more or less evenly distributed. That means the market share by publishing type holds steady. This can be buttressed by running more reports over time.
Indies All the Way Down
Let's try something interesting. What if we ignore the top 1,000 e-books and look at the 49,000 titles that follow? By removing the most extreme outliers, we can see if the lists are top-heavy for traditionally published authors or if the most extreme self-published bestsellers are the exception as some claim. Frequently, self-publishing success stories are explained away as rarities. If this is true, once we remove the top 1,000 from consideration, we should see the needle move toward the traditionally published mid-list authors who are making a steady living further down the charts.
Here's the top 50,000+ e-books again:
And here we have the same group of e-books but with the top 1,000 bestsellers removed:
It's indies all the way down.
Once we look below the Top 1,000, indications are that the indie midlist is healthy indeed. Or it could be that we're glimpsing the rising swell of tomorrow's new Top 1,000. All of these remains to be seen.
In Summary
The picture emerging from relative ranking on Amazon bestseller lists is that self-published authors have captured a large piece of Amazon's total market share, more than any other single publisher and often more than all five major publishers combined. Looking at daily sales rankings for 54,000+ titles reaches well beyond outliers and beyond even what might be considered midlist e-books.
Our next report will step away from Amazon for a moment. Our spider has been crawling up B&N's waterspout. What we have discovered there surprised us. Stay tuned.
__________________________________________
All of our data can be downloaded below. This data can be used for any purpose except to profit.
Download the raw data for all 54000 titles (.xslx)
Download the raw data for the 11000 genre titles (.xslx)
Download the raw data for the 30000 non-fiction titles (.xslx)
Download the raw data for the 900 literary fiction titles (.xslx)
Download the raw data for the 10000 childrens books (.xslx)
Author Earnings is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License
AC Transit workers were barred from striking on Thursday after Governor Jerry Brown said he'll take the next week to have an investigative board examine the labor dispute and determine if a 60-day cooling-off period is warranted.
“I urge both sides to take this matter seriously and to continue working to find a fair solution,” Brown said in a written statement.
A strike by the bus line would have left thousands of riders without their usual transportation. AC Transit provides—on average—174,000 rides each day. The line also provides over 700,000 paratransit rides over the course of the year to people with disabilities.
“We are very relieved and very happy for our riders–particularly the 30,000 schoolchildren who would have had to look for other transportation if the strike had moved forward,” said Clarence Johnson, press secretary for AC Transit. Union officials couldn't be reached for comment.
“Both sides will now have the chance to see what is wanted by the other and what is needed, and that's a good thing,” Johnson added.
AC Transit management and Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) local 192 have yet to reach a deal. However, Governor Brown has established a board to investigate the dispute between the two parties over the course of seven days, during which time the workers are banned from striking. After the board submits a report on the investigation, Governor Brown can then ask a judge to require a 60-day cooling-off period.
The first warning flare of a strike went up earlier this week when ATU Local 192 issued a 72-hour hour notice to strike starting just after midnight on Thursday.
“Our members have spoken loud and clear,” said ATU Local 192 President Yvonne Williams in the notice to strike on Monday. “Our members have not forgotten the real and significant wage cuts which they took for the last three years so that service could be maintained throughout the recession.”
Williams also had asked for more forgiving medical premium payments in the workers' contract and noted safety issues bus drivers face with “shootings and other violence on the buses occurring with alarming frequency.”
There's still no word about whether there will be a BART strike. Thousands of its rail commuters await the conclusion of prolonged contract talks between BART and its workers' unions, whose strike deadline has been repeatedly postponed this week, most recently Tuesday night after a federal mediator urged the parties to keep talking.
Stay tuned to the Oakland North liveblog for more information on this developing story.
Stacked blocks of geofoam at a construction site
Geofoam is expanded polystyrene (EPS) or extruded polystyrene (XPS) manufactured into large lightweight blocks. The blocks vary in size but are often 2 m × 0.75 m × 0.75 m (6.6 ft × 2.5 ft × 2.5 ft). The primary function of geofoam is to provide a lightweight void fill below a highway, bridge approach, embankment or parking lot. EPS Geofoam minimizes settlement on underground utilities. Geofoam is also used in much broader applications, including lightweight fill, green roof fill, compressible inclusions, thermal insulation, and (when appropriately formed) drainage.[1][self-published source]
Geofoam shares principles with geocombs (previously called ultralight cellular structures) which has been defined as "any manufactured material created by an extrusion process that results in a final product that consists of numerous open-ended tubes that are glued, bonded, fused or otherwise bundled together."[2] The cross-sectional geometry of an individual tube typically has a simple geometric shape (circle, ellipse, hexagon, octagon, etc.) and is on the order of 25 mm (0.98 in) across. The overall cross-section of the assemblage of bundled tubes resembles a honeycomb that gives it its name. Presently, only rigid polymers (polypropylene and PVC) have been used as geocomb material.
History [ edit ]
The first use of EPS Geofoam was in Oslo, Norway in 1972. Geofoam was used in the embankments around the Flom Bridge in an effort to reduce settlements. Prior to installing geofoam, this area experienced 20–30 centimeters of settlement annually causing extreme roadway damage.[3]
Due to the success of the Oslo geofoam project, the first International Geofoam Conference was held in Oslo, Norway in 1985 for engineers to exchange knowledge, research results, share new applications, and discuss case histories. Since then, two more conferences were held in Tokyo, Japan and Salt Lake City, US, in 1996 and 2001, respectively. The most recent conference was held in June 2011 in Lillestrom, Norway.[4]
Between 1985 and 1987, Japan used over 1,300,000 m3 (46,000,000 cu ft) of geofoam in 2,000 projects. Testing and use of geofoam in these projects demonstrated the potential advantages of geofoam as a lightweight fill. For example, Geofoam was placed beneath runways in Japanese airports, proving the material can sustain heavy and repeated pressure.[3]
Geofoam was first used in the United States in 1989 on Highway 160 between Durango and Mancos, Colorado. An increase in rainfall caused a landslide, destroying part of the highway. Geofoam was used to create highway side slope stabilization to prevent any similar issues. The use of geofoam versus conventional restoration resulted in an 84% reduction to the total cost of the project.[5]
The largest geofoam project in the United States took place from 1997 to 2001 on Interstate 15 in Salt Lake City, Utah.[6] Geofoam was chosen to minimize that amount of utilities that would need to be relocated or remodeled for the project. A total of 3,530,000 cu ft (100,000 m3) of geofoam was used, and approximately $450,000 was saved by eliminating the need to relocate utility poles.[7] Geofoam was also used in embankments and bridge abutments for base stability.[5] Subsequently, because of the success of usage of geofoam for the I-15 Reconstruction Project, the Utah Transit Authority has used geofoam embankment for its light rail (i.e., TRAX) and commuter rail lines (i.e., FrontRunner).[8]
From 2009 to 2012, a Vaudreuil-based expanded polymer manufacturing company provided over 625,000 m3 (22,100,000 cu ft) of geofoam for a new segment of highway 30 in the province of Quebec, in the Montreal area, making it the largest geofoam project in North America to date.
Since 2016, Geofoam is extensively used in the construction of the new elevated highway 15 and Turcot interchange in Montreal.
Applications [ edit ]
A brief summary of applications can be found at:[9]
Slope stabilization [ edit ]
Landslide
Slope stabilization is the use of geofoam in order to reduce the mass and gravitational force in an area that may be subject to failure, such as a landslide. Geofoam is up to 50 times lighter than other traditional fills with similar compressive strengths. This allows geofoam to maximize the available right-of-way on an embankment. Geofoam's light weight and ease of installation reduces construction time and labor costs.
Geofoam is used a lightweight earthwork to build a bridge overpass on weak soil near Montreal
Embankments [ edit ]
Embankments using geofoam allow for a great reduction in necessary side slopes compared to typical fills. Reducing the side slope of the embankment can increase the usable space on either side. These embankments can also be built upon soils affected by differential settlement without being affected. Maintenance costs associated with geofoam embankments are significantly lower when compared to embankments using natural soil.
Reduced digging [ edit ]
Geofoam is used as core filling inside of a car bridge near Montreal
Some weak and soft soil cannot support the weight of the desired structure; an overpass bridge on the nearby picture. If it was built out of traditional earthwork filling, it would have been too heavy and deform the weak soil underneath and damage the bridge. To reduce costs by not digging into the bedrock, Geofoam is used for the interior filling of the bridge
Retaining structures [ edit ]
Geofoam used in retaining wall
Using geofoam for retaining structures provides a reduction in lateral pressure as well as preventing settlement and improving waterproofing. Geofoam's light weight will reduce the lateral force on a retaining wall or abutment. It is important to install a draining system under the geofoam to prevent problems with built-up hydrostatic pressure or buoyancy.
Utility protection [ edit ]
Utility Protection is possible by using geofoam to reduce the vertical stresses on pipes and other sensitive utilities. Reducing the weight on top of a utility by using geofoam instead of a typical soil prevents utilities from potential issues, such as collapses.
Pavement insulation [ edit ]
Pavement insulation is the use of geofoam under pavement where pavement thickness can be controlled by frost heave conditions. Using geofoam as a sub-grade insulation element will decrease this differential thickness. Geofoam is 98% air by volume, making it an effective thermal insulator. Proper installation of geofoam is especially important as gaps between geofoam blocks will work against geofoam's insulating effects.
Advantages [ edit ]
Advantages of using geofoam include:
Low density/high strength: Geofoam is 1% to 2% the density of soil with equal strength. [3]
Predictable behavior: Geofoam allows engineers to be much more specific in the design criteria. This is very different than other lightweight fillers, such as soil, that can be very variable in composition.
Inert: Geofoam will not break down, so it will not spread into surrounding soils. This means that geofoam will not pollute the surrounding soil. Geofoam can also be dug up and reused.
Limited labor required for construction: Geofoam can be installed by hand using simple hand tools. This eliminates the investment and operating cost of heavy machinery.
Decreases construction time: Geofoam is quick to install and can be installed during any type of weather, day or night, resulting in faster installation time.
Disadvantages [ edit ]
Disadvantages of using geofoam include:
Fire hazards: Untreated geofoam is a fire hazard.
Vulnerable to petroleum solvents: If geofoam comes in contact with a petroleum solvent, it will immediately turn into a glue-type substance, making it unable to support any load.
Buoyancy: Forces developed because of buoyancy can result in a dangerous uplift force. Cars were crushed against the ceiling after floodwaters raised polystyrene below the floor of a car park in Crayford on 9 October 2016. [10]
Susceptible to insect damage: Geofoam can be treated to resist insect infestation. When geofoam is used for insulating buildings where wood is present damage to the geofoam can be limited by use of insect treatment. On the other hand, in traditional lightweight fill for road construction no known evidence of insect damage has been documented.[11]
Specifications [ edit ]
Geofoam
Physical Properties of EPS Geofoam TYPE – ASTM D6817 EPS12 EPS15 EPS19 EPS22 EPS29 Density, min. kg/m3 11.2 14.4 18.4 21.6 28.8 Compressive Strength, min., kPa at 1% 15 25 40 50 75 Compressive Strength min., kPa at 5% 35 55 90 115 170 Compressive Strength min., kPa at 10% 40 70 110 135 200 Flexural Strength, min., kpa 69 172 207 276 345 Oxygen index, min., volume % 24.0 24.0 24.0 24.0 24.0
Physical Properties of XPS Geofoam TYPE – ASTM D6817 XPS20 XPS21 XPS26 XPS29 XPS36 XPS48 Density, min. kg/m3 19.2 20.8 25.6 28.8 35.2 48.0 Compressive Strength, min., kPa at 1% 20 35 75 105 160 280 Compressive Strength min., kPa at 5% 85 110 185 235 335 535 Compressive Strength min., kPa at 10% 104 104 173 276 414 690 Flexural Strength, min., kpa 276 276 345 414 517 689 Oxygen index, min., volume % 24.0 24.0 24.0 24.0 24.0 24.0
[12][13]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
15 Year Old Boy Nearly Left Blind After Bully Smashes Glasses Into His Face A teenage boy was nearly blinded after a vicious school... February 13, 2019
Woman Has Ground-Breaking Surgery On Baby In Her Womb To Correct Spina Bifida Birth Defect A UK woman has become one of the first to... February 11, 2019
Tube Teddy Bears Help Sick Kids Understand Their Illnesses A woman is making sick kids smile after creating teddies... February 7, 2019
Student Dies Hours After Eating 5 Day Old Pasta A case has recently been receiving attention after a video... January 29, 2019
Washington Governor Declares State of Emergency Due To Measles Outbreak A measles outbreak is currently spreading throughout parts of the... January 27, 2019
Ten-Year-Old Boy Kills Himself After Being Bullied For Wearing Colostomy Bag A 10-year-old boy from Kentucky reportedly committed suicide after he was... January 23, 2019
Police said that Rox, Mappin and Webb, Laing the jeweller and Lewis Grant were targeted by men, with a small quantity of jewellery being taken from Rox.
Officers believe a white VW Golf, which has been recovered in St James Road, Townhead, was used as a getaway car in the robbery.
In a statement, Police Scotland said: "Officers are carrying out enquiries and appealing for information following a robbery in Glasgow city centre today.
"Around 12.50pm today, police were called to a report of four jewellers - Rox, Mappin and Webb, Laing the Jeweller, Lewis Grant - being targeted by four males. They managed to enter only one of the jewellers - Rox - and quickly grabbed a small quantity of jewellery before running off.
"A security guard sustained a leg injury during the incident. The four male suspects were last seen running up a lane at the side of the arcade's Buchanan Street entrance.
"Officers are currently speaking to witnesses and gathering CCTV images to establish more details on the four men responsible.
"The four suspects are described as 5ft 8ins in height and of slim build. All were wearing dark clothing. It is believed that they made off in a white hatchback vehicle. A white Volkswagon Golf has been recovered in St James Road, Townhead, Glasgow and enquiries are also ongoing at that location to establish if it is the vehicle involved.
"Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101. Alternatively Criumestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555 111, where anonymity can be maintained."
Both uniformed and plain-clothed officers were at the scene at around 1.30pm today.
Eyewitnesses described seeing a gang - wearing balaclavas - running from Argyll Arcade in Buchanan Street with weapons and carrying holdalls.
Shutters were pulled down on the jewellery district, but officers could be seen taken statements from shaken customers and members of staff.
A lane next to the arcade - opposite House of Frasers - was sealed off with several police officers standing guard.
Video by David McCourt
Fire crews were also in attendance amid reports smoke could be seen coming from the arcade.
Video footage surfaced on social media of four masked people emerging from the famous mall onto Buchanan Street, apparently carrying sledgehammers.
Another video suggested that some form of smoke canister had been let off inside the arcade.
David McCourt, who took the video above, said: "Myself and two colleagues were walking up Buchanan Street when we were alerted by what sounded like a fire alarm coming from the Argyll Arcade.
"As we passed the opening to the arcade, we noticed many terrified looking shoppers fleeing from the scene.
"As we looked in, we noticed the arcade's smoke clouds had been activated with four to five figures dressed in black emerging.
"They were wearing balaclavas and began to charge at the security brandishing baseball bats and hatchets, with some of them attempting to break the reinforced glass as they began their escape.
"Unable to successfully make away with any merchandise, the group of thieves then fled, with one of them shouting "I'll f***ing kill you all", at which point I stopped filming.
"They were last seen disappearing down the adjoining alleyway on foot, witnessed by some 30 to 40 onlookers."
One eyewitness Ann-Marie tweeted: "Got screamed at off four balaclavad men at Argyll Arcade they would shoot me if I didn't move."
Calum Macaulay also tweeted, "Was about to enter Fraser's on Buchanan St earlier and alarms going off and blokes in balaclavas running from jewellery heist."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Starbucks is expanding their menu with wine and beer.
On Wednesday, the company will unveil "Starbucks Evenings" at two dozen locations around the United States including two New York City spots. New Yorkers can check out Evenings on the second floor of Macy's in Herald Square and in Williamsburg.
Customers can enjoy small plates of food such as truffle macaroni and cheese and bacon wrapped dates with a balsamic glaze. "Starbucks partnered with various wine chefs to identify the perfect complement to the wine and beer assortment as well as coffees," a company statement said.
Starbucks created the Evenings menu to give customers a place to begin and end their day. The Evenings menu will be available after 4 p.m.
The menus will vary based on the location with an emphasis on local companies. The Williamsburg location will sell beers from Brooklyn Brewery.
Starbucks has submitted liquor licenses for hundreds of their locations. The company remains optimistic that they'll have those locations serving alcohol by the end of the year.
According to an announcement from Google today, the company will start exploring ways to expand the domain space.
ICANN recently held an open submission for new top-level domains (like .com and .net), and Google apparently participated by submitting some of its own. The gTLD submission process closed on March 29th due to a software glitch, but re-opened until yesterday.
Here's what the company had to say about it:
In 2008, ICANN announced a program to expand the number of generic TLDs (think .com, .org, .edu), developed through its bottom-up, multi-stakeholder process, in which we participate. Given this expansion process, we decided to submit applications for new TLDs, which generally fall into four categories: – Our trademarks, like .google
– Domains related to our core business, like .docs
– Domains that will improve user experience, such as .youtube, which can increase the ease with which YouTube channels and genres can be identified
– Domains we think have interesting and creative potential, such as .lol
While this would be great news for Google, the company says it's dedicated to keeping up with security and abuse prevention, as well as working closely with all ICANN-accredited registars. This means that the company will be fair in how it divvies out these new TLDs.
The cost simply to apply for a TLD? A lot:
The evaluation fee is estimated at US$185,000. Applicants will be required to pay a US$5,000 deposit fee per requested application slot when registering. The US$5,000 will be credited against the evaluation fee.
New TLDs haven't been announced yet, so it will be interesting to see which applications are accepted by ICANN. I would personally love to have a .lol domain name.
I'd love to see a comprehensive list of all of the applications from major companies. Did Facebook submit a .fb or .facebook application? What domain names would you like to see in the future, tell us in the comments!
Read next: Why Nokia can't match the profit of the iPhone
After a restrained first race which passed largely without incident, driving standards once again took a nosedive in a second race punctuated by three safety car periods, the last of which ended the contest early following Menezes' enormous crash.
The first caution came early on as Kang Ling clumsily hit Julio Moreno in a passing attempt at the Bus Stop chicane, a blameless Tatiana Calderon also getting caught up, with Ferrari protégé Lance Stroll leading the way having passed polesitter Mikkel Jensen.
When the race got back underway, Stroll was under pressure from Jensen and Felix Rosenqvist, up to third from fifth on the grid ahead of Dennis and Brandon Maisano.
The trio arrived at Les Combes together, Stroll defending his position by moving to the inside – only to then cause a three-way melee by recklessly moving across on the attacking Jensen in the braking zone, the Dane consequently hitting Rosenqvist, who was looking to the outside of the pair.
That eliminated all three of the frontrunners on the spot and brought out the safety car once more, leaving Dennis as the race leader ahead of Santino Ferrucci and Maisano.
Sergio Sette Camara was able to find his way past Maisano after the restart, and the Prema driver soon had Menezes on his tail in the battle for fourth.
Coming along the Kemmel Straight, Menezes had an enormous tow from Maisano, sweeping to the right and simply running out of road before hitting the back of the Frenchman's car and launching into the air into a spectacular half-flip.
Menezes' car came to rest upside down at Les Combes corner, fortunately not hitting any other cars in the process, the American miraculously emerging from his battered Carlin machine unharmed once the car had been righted – and dropped on the ground – by the marshals.
The race ended behind the safety car that followed, with Dennis taking a third victory of the season from Ferrucci and Camara, both of whom took their first podium finishes of the season.
Maisano survived the impact with Menezes to take fourth ahead of Dorian Boccolacci and race one winner Charles Leclerc, with Maximilian Gunther a distant seventh ahead ahead of Raoul Hyman, erstwhile points leader Antonio Giovinazzi and Alessio Lorandi.
Race results:
Mark Driscoll recently argued that “the Prince of Peace is not a pacifist” and that “those who want to portray Jesus as a pansy or a pacifist are prone to be very selective in the parts of the Bible they quote.” Driscoll argues his case ironically—some would say comically—by selecting portions from the Bible, including the “bloody Old Testament” (my apologies on behalf of Mark to our British readers), Romans 13, and the book of Revelation (or more specifically, a Hal Lindsay-like interpretation of Revelation that interprets the apocalyptic imagery in hyper-literal terms).
I found Mark's article entertaining, sort of like watching six-year old boys play baseball. I laughed, I cried, and I rubbed my eyes wondering how a responsible Bible teacher could make such embarrassing interpretive moves. Like watching a mini-slugger whack the tee 10 times before he smacks the ball and when he finally hits it, it dribbles down the first-base line into foul territory.
Mark rightly distinguishes between “killing” and “murder” in the Old Testament, but then he heroically leaps over biblical books in a single bound. After summarizing the “bloody Old Testament” as supporting “lawful taking of life, such as self-defense, capital punishment, and just war,” Mark jumps past the Sermon on the Mount, the life of Christ, Jesus's prohibitions against violence in the gospels, and Paul's commands against violence in Romans 12, finally landing on Romans 13 for a quick touch and go before he flies over the rest of Paul's letters, Hebrews, and 1 Peter, ultimately arriving to the book of Revelation.
I actually really like Mark Driscoll. He's a former ball player, and so am I. He loves red meat, craft beer, and has no time for diaper wearing pansies behind the pulpit. Mark is a manly man, and since I was recently labeled a “manly pacifist,” I think we have a lot in common. Mark says it like it is. So do I. So let me say it like it is: Mark's assumption that pacifists are pansies is historically naïve, theologically horrendous, and shows that Mark's been more influenced by the worldview of those who put Jesus on the cross rather than the One who hung on it. Everything Mark says about violence is eerily close to what Rome said about it 2,000 years ago. Contrary to Rome, Jesus taught that suffering leads to glory, cross-shaped weakness radiates divine power, and loving your enemies showcases the character of the Father (Matthew 5:44-48).
Mark's selection of passages that talk about violence has been violently ripped from the cruciform flow of the New Testament itself.
I've already addressed Romans 13 in another post, and I have four chapters on the Old Testament in my book Fight: A Christian Case for Nonviolence. I also have a whole chapter in Fight that documents 300 years of Christian pansies, who refused to use violence against their enemies. But what about Revelation 19? Doesn't this chapter depict a tatted up, commando Jesus hacking his enemies to pieces with a sword?
Yes, Jesus returns as Judge in Revelation 19, and we see Him “clothed in a robe dipped in blood” (19:13). But his clothes are bloodied before He wages war against the enemy. Why? Because it's His Own blood. The robe dipped in His own blood (crucifixion) gives Jesus the authority to conquer, to boldly announce His victory over His foes. Jesus doesn't need to hack His way through enemy lines like a crazed warrior. He doesn't need to do anything but declare with cosmic, cruciform authority that He has already won.
And yes, Jesus has a sword. But contrary to Driscoll, the sword comes “from his mouth,” not His hand (19:15, 21), which in Revelation always refers to a word of judgment, not a literal sword. Jesus doesn't run a carnival. He doesn't pull rabbits from His hat or swords from His throat. The sword is symbolic and refers to Jesus's “death-dealing pronouncement which goes forth like a sharp blade from the lips of Christ” as one non-pacifist commentator puts it.
The Lamb—the crucified not crucifying Lamb—has conquered!
But it's Driscoll's rhetoric that is more entertaining than his exegesis. He still, after all these years, considers Christian pacifists—including Martin Luther King, Charles Spurgeon, Leo Tolstoy, Dwight Moody, and most of the pre-Constantine leaders of the church—to be pansies. Those who pick up their crosses and follow Jesus's nonviolent journey to the cross are pansies. Those who take Jesus's counterintuitive, life-giving words seriously, to turn the other cheek and love their enemies, are pansies. But for Driscoll, not only are these Christian heroes pansies, but all who teach that Jesus was a pacifist will be slaughtered by Mark's (De)Jesus when He returns—Uncrossed:
Some of those whose blood will flow as high as the bit in a horse's mouth for 184 miles will be those who did not repent of their sin but did wrongly teach that Jesus was a pacifist.
Wow. Yes, that's an exact quote. I have so many words swirling in my head, but if I said them here I'd have to repent later.
Look, I'm all for being manly (if you're a man). But let's not be pansies by letting our gun toting, rib eating, Harley riding culture tells us what it means to be a man. I own guns. I love ribs. I ride a Harley. But I don't let these cultural artifacts dictate my theology. The New Testament is clear: Real men love their enemies, never return evil for evil, and never resist evil by using violence. Real men suffer. Real men pray for those who persecute them. Real men submit to the sword, but they don't bear it. So go ahead and eat raw meat, vote Republican, shoot your guns (just not at people). But let's invite the word of Christ to reconfigure and confront our cultural view of manhood.
Connor Namuth always has wanted more.
Stricken with cerebral palsy after suffering a stroke at birth, Namuth longed to play a full game and score a goal for the Bethel Park hockey team, which he did on senior night Wednesday against Meadville at Bladerunners-Bethel.
That alone might have been enough for some.
But Namuth, after scoring from the slot in the first period, decided he wanted to try for a hat trick.
So the 18-year-old with the limp left leg, who was born eight weeks premature, weighed 2 pounds, 12 ounces at birth and is a veteran of five major surgeries, parked himself in front of the net.
The result was a pair of deflected pucks in the third period that gave Namuth a hat trick during Bethel Park's 7-0 victory over Meadville, something that had Black Hawks coach Jim McVay and others choking back tears.
“The kid's had five surgeries in his life, and he's 18 years old. I've had three surgeries in my life, and I'm 44,” McVay said. “Talk about perseverance.
“It was one of those moments … I just started crying.”
Namuth's dad, Mike, emceed the senior night festivities and delivered an emotional speech about how Connor has inspired others through his desire to play.
“He's taught me more about dedication, perseverance and a never-say-never attitude than I could ever teach him,” Mike Namuth said. “He's been a true blessing.
“As a parent, it was amazing to watch the other parents, his teammates and the student section get all excited when he scored. I couldn't have scripted it any better.”
After a fifth surgery this summer rendered Namuth unable to do much on the ice, the former junior varsity player decided to hang his skates up and become a coach.
He earned his Level I coaching certification and worked with the team three or four days a week.
Yet Bethel Park's players wanted to schedule Meadville — a nonleague opponent — for a senior night game so Namuth would be eligible to play.
For a whole game this time, too: In a tournament last month at Bladerunners-Harmarville, Namuth begged his parents, Mike and Joni, to let him play. He lasted only two shifts.
Namuth, who has had hip reconstruction surgery and walks with a noticeable limp, jokingly bet one of his friends, Ryan Sosnak, $100 Wednesday morning that he would score a hat trick.
Late Wednesday, Namuth texted Sosnak, who plays basketball and was at his team's game against Peters Township, to let him know he would have to pay up.
“He probably won't pay me $100, but that's not the point,” Namuth said. “I just wanted to prove him wrong.”
Just like Namuth wanted to deliver a hip check to conventional wisdom when he started skating at age 8, enamored with the sport his cousins played and one that was much faster-paced than baseball.
Skating is easier than walking for Namuth, his father said, though his foot still turns to the inside and he has to lift up his leg when he skates.
This past summer's surgery was performed to release his Achilles tendon, Mike Namuth said, and to again adjust his left foot due to severe pressure ulcers.
Connor Namuth doesn't deny his physical limitations, but he also has a reputation as a heady player with a soft set of hands, something that had plenty to do with his two deflection goals.
“He knows where to be,” said Bethel Park captain Derek Lesnak, Namuth's best friend and one of those responsible for organizing Wednesday's game. “He doesn't have as many physical gifts as other players, but he's sharp.
“He knew where to be, got his stick on the puck, and they went in.”
Namuth works a part-time job at Giant Eagle and tries to be around the team as much as possible.
Few things make him as happy as the camaraderie developed inside the locker room.
“I used to tell him when he was little and played hockey, ‘You have a handicap. It just means you have to work harder than everybody else,' ” Mike Namuth said. “He's taken it to heart.
“He's never made excuses. Never asked for anything special. In his mind, he thought he could do everything everybody else did.”
Jason Mackey is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at jmackey@tribweb.com or via Twitter @Mackey_Trib.
You ran an extra half-mile today and want to reward yourself with one of your favorite junk foods. You're craving pizza or ice cream or candy. You know none of these foods are good for you, but do you know which ones would do the most damage to your diet? Keep reading for the best and worst junk foods of all time.
The Worst
Pizza: It's not just the hundreds of calories in pizza that make it unhealthy; the sodium content is through the roof, too. Consider this: The National Academy of Sciences' Institute of Medicine says adults should get between 1,500 and 2,400 mg of sodium a day. Just two slices of frozen DiGiorno pepperoni pizza contain 2,020 mg.
It's not just the hundreds of calories in pizza that make it unhealthy; the sodium content is through the roof, too. Consider this: The National Academy of Sciences' Institute of Medicine says adults should get between 1,500 and 2,400 mg of sodium a day. Just two slices of frozen DiGiorno pepperoni pizza contain 2,020 mg. Soda: A study by the University of Cincinnati found that consuming fructose (a key ingredient in soda) changes the body's metabolism in a way that makes it easier to store fat. Even if the total amount of calories consumed is the same, someone who takes in more calories from soda will be more likely to gain weight, the researchers concluded.
A study by the University of Cincinnati found that consuming fructose (a key ingredient in soda) changes the body's metabolism in a way that makes it easier to store fat. Even if the total amount of calories consumed is the same, someone who takes in more calories from soda will be more likely to gain weight, the researchers concluded. Twinkies: How bad can this "classic" junk food really be? After all, it's been around since 1930, and Hostess says it sells 500 million of them every year. But the iconic food is still bad for you. Many of the 39 ingredients are used to replace dairy products to keep Twinkies fresh longer. Cellulose gum, for example, is used to keep the middle creamy and smooth. And don't even think about eating it deep-fried: That will triple its caloric content.
How bad can this "classic" junk food really be? After all, it's been around since 1930, and Hostess says it sells 500 million of them every year. But the iconic food is still bad for you. Many of the 39 ingredients are used to replace dairy products to keep Twinkies fresh longer. Cellulose gum, for example, is used to keep the middle creamy and smooth. And don't even think about eating it deep-fried: That will triple its caloric content. French fries: Where to begin? The 8 grams of trans fats in a large order at McDonald's? Or the 480 mg of sodium in the Wendy's fries? Or the 600 calories in a king size at Burger King? That doesn't include dipping them in two packets of ketchup-which tacks on another 20 calories and more than 200 mg of sodium.
Where to begin? The 8 grams of trans fats in a large order at McDonald's? Or the 480 mg of sodium in the Wendy's fries? Or the 600 calories in a king size at Burger King? That doesn't include dipping them in two packets of ketchup-which tacks on another 20 calories and more than 200 mg of sodium. Milkshakes: Creamy, delicious milkshakes taste great, but they're oh-so-bad for you. Most milkshakes contain hundreds of calories and 25 to 40 grams of fat. Plus, there's a long list of artificial ingredients that go into flavoring most milkshakes. In Fast Food Nation, Eric Schlosser lists the 49 ingredients that create a strawberry flavor; most of them have names like "benzyl isobutyrate" or "4-methylacetophenone."
The Best
The X-Files is coming back yet again. After its limited 10th season last year, the show will return for another limited season either later this year or early in 2018. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny will both reprise their roles for the show, which will run 10 episodes.
This was more or less expected by fans of the show, with the biggest issue being scheduling and other behind-the-scenes issues. Everyone said they wanted to come back but the executives didn't exactly pass that information along to the stars. Nevertheless, all that is in the past now and Chris Carter's signature show is a go.
Advertisement
“Iconic characters, rich storytelling, bold creators—these are the hallmarks of great TV shows. And they are some of the reasons why The X-Files has had such a profound impact on millions of fans worldwide,” said Fox Broadcasting Company Prez David Madden in a press release. “Chris' creativity, along with the brilliant work of David and Gillian, continue to propel this pop culture phenomenon, and we can't wait to see what fresh mysteries Mulder and Scully uncover in this next chapter of The X-Files.”
We're just glad they're coming back after that finale last season.
Advertisement
[Deadline]
SHARE THIS STORY:
Gulmurod Khalimov, the new ISIS military commander whom the U.S. just days ago announced a $3 million bounty for, was trained by the State Department in an anti-terror program as recently as 2014 while serving in the security service of Tajikistan.
EDITOR'S NOTE: Remember a few weeks ago when Donald Trump said that President Obama and then Secretary of State Crooked Hillary “founded and funded” ISIS? Remember how the liberal media mocked him for that? Today we find that the new ISIS military commander, Gulmurod Khalimov. was trained by the Obama State Department. Trump right yet again!
He replaces former ISIS commander Tarkhan Batirashvili, aka Umar al-Shishani, who was also trained by the United States as part of the Georgian army and who ISIS claimed was killed fighting in Iraq this past July.
Donald Trump says Obama and Crooked Hillary founded and funded ISIS:
The State Department confirmed Khalimov's U.S.-provided training to CNN in May 2015:
“From 2003-2014 Colonel Khalimov participated in five counterterrorism training courses in the United States and in Tajikistan, through the Department of State's Diplomatic Security/Anti-Terrorism Assistance program,” said spokeswoman Pooja Jhunjhunwala.The program is intended to train candidates from participating countries in the latest counterterrorism tactics, so they can fight the very kind of militants that Khalimov has now joined. A State Department official said Khalimov was trained in crisis response, tactical management of special events, tactical leadership training and related issues.
Unironically, the State Department spokeswoman said that Khalimov had been appropriately vetted:
“All appropriate Leahy vetting was undertaken in advance of this training,” said spokeswoman Jhunjhunwala.
At that time, Khalimov appeared in a video threatening the United States:
“Listen, you American pigs: I've been to America three times. I saw how you train soldiers to kill Muslims,” he says.Then, he threatens, “we will find your towns, we will come to your homes, and we will kill you.”
Khalimov and Batirashvili are hardly the first terrorist leaders operating in Syria to have been trained by the United States. source
Delgardio
KINGSTON – Three people, residents of Ulster, Dutchess and Rockland counties, have been arrested by Kingston City Police in connection with a Burgevin Street burglary on August 11.
Detectives investigated, recovered several stolen items and identified three suspects – Justin Delgardio, 29, of 43 East Allison Avenue in Orangeburg, an 18-year-old Poughkeepsie man and 16-year-old Kingston woman.
On August 13, Kingston detectives arrested Delgardio at the Nyack Motor Lodge in Nyack. He was brought back to Ulster County where he was charged with the felonies of burglary and criminal possession of stolen property. He was remanded to the Ulster County Jail in lieu of $50,000 cash bail or $100,000 bond.
On Friday, August 16, police located the other two suspects. The Poughkeepsie man was charged with felony burglary and misdemeanor criminal impersonation.
The 16-year-old female was charged with misdemeanor criminal possession of stolen property.
Police in the Bavaria arrested a 14-year-old boy this week following a tense standoff with authorities after he shot at least on weapon at his school. The incident is an example of the lower threshold for violence among young people, according to school psychologist Axel Röplinger.
"The willingness to perform violent acts among students has decreased," he said.
Röplinger is one of the school psychologists the state of Baden-Württemberg has hired to supplement staff following a 2009 rampage in the town of Winnenden, near Stuttgart. There, a student killed 15 and injured 14 others before killing himself.
The number of psychologists in Baden-Württemberg schools is supposed to double over the next three years, bringing the number to 200.
Other German states are also creating new positions for school counselors and social workers. Despite strapped budgets, state ministries of education are freeing up funds to pay for the specialists. School bullying prevention programs have proved effective in schools across Germany, with the states of Thuringia and Berlin organizing special seminars for teachers and parents.
The seminars aim to train people to recognize and interpret the signs of an imminent act of violence or a rampage while it can still be prevented. Previous shootings at German schools have been preceded by concrete signs. Perpetrators were isolated loners with a penchant for weapons and computer games that graphically depicted violence, and were students who often felt overwhelmed and put under pressure. Such students are to receive more focused offers of support.
The alarm sounded after a 14-year-old boy opened fire at a Memmingen school
Schools, not fortresses
The strategy of offering more help and attention to potential perpetrators of violence in schools and addressing the causes of violence seems to be working. After deadly rampages in Erfurt, Emsdetten and Winnenden, no small number of politicians began demanding more comprehensive security technology in schools.
The German Parliament's Committee on Internal Affairs debated whether students should be checked for weapons at school entrances. But metal detectors like those at airports are not present in German schools. The idea of a chip card system for entering schools was also turned down during debate.
"We want an atmosphere in which students feel comfortable," representatives from the Teachers Association and the German Philologists Association have unanimously agreed. Police and school officials should try to avoid creating spaces which induce fear and threaten abuse, they added.
Emergency plans in place at schools
Nevertheless, many schools have already upgraded security. Almost every German school has an alarm system with clear instructions for what to do in case of a shooting. Such systems are also designed to automatically notify the police.
Locks and handles on classroom doors have been replaced with special locking systems. In case of emergency, they can only be opened from the inside. In addition, school building complexes have been laid out according to color codes with the aim of making it easer for police and emergency personnel to get oriented. Schools have also distributed pagers among staff to make communication easier.
Just a few schools have installed video systems. Putting them in place can cost millions, which most German states cannot afford. Only the Berlin district of Neuköln has been able to afford private security guards at 16 schools. Still, they are only "armed" with mobile phones.
"Technical measures will not unconditionally improve security," one teacher said.
Other teachers said only restricting who can get into schools and a good chain of information are effective security methods.
Students mourn the victims of a school shooting in Erfurt in 2002
Remaining uncertainties
State-level ministries, which are responsible for education policy in Germany, have issued plenty of instructions. But according to state offices of criminal investigation, about 30 percent of schools lack a clear plan for what to do in case of a school shooting. Nevertheless, those offices advise against rehearsing school shooting scenarios, fearing they could actually instigate potential offenders to carry out attacks.
"We receive almost daily requests for help," said Patrick Kane, co-founder of a firm that provides security plans for schools.
The "Security in Schools" initiative also offers technical solutions. Until two years ago, there were barely any such services available on the market. Kane said the most important thing is not causing false alarms, and that in real scenarios, information must quickly reach the right places.
"In many cases, the director still has to decide before the police can intervene," Kane added.
There is no record of how many times per year throughout Germany the alarm is triggered for a potential school shooting. In a 2011 survey of 1,800 schools in northern Germany, those institutions reported 170 cases. Most of them were resolved peacefully.
Author: Wolfgang Dick / als
Editor: Sean Sinico
Reddit is adjusting its voting system to make a post's score more accurately reflect its popularity, according to a post by founding engineer Christopher Slowe. The company has been removing what Slowe (aka KeyserSosa) calls “outdated, unnecessary” rules that mask post scores, and recalculating vote counts for older posts as part of the process. As a result, many scores will be rising — and the system will hypothetically be getting, if not more transparent, a bit more trustworthy.
The rules in question were created to prevent spammers or vote manipulators from seeing exactly how their efforts were affecting a given post — they changed the number based on hidden variables defined by Reddit, “fuzzing” the upvotes and downvotes. But they also had unintended consequences. As Slowe writes, the calculations could artificially deflate scores, sometimes in ways that made it seem as though posts were being mass-downvoted. This could undercut faith in the scores, making vote counts seem meaningless.
Votes will still be ‘fuzzed' slightly
These still aren't precise counts. “There'll still be some slight fuzzing,” writes Slowe. “The intention here is to make it ever so slightly hard for cheaters to know if their attempts are working.” The recalculations also don't affect karma earned from posts, which is calculated separately. But they're supposed to stop drastic, improbable drops that could happen under the old system. One user, for instance, describes posts' points getting cut in half repeatedly, or popular posts suddenly losing points at a rapid clip. Making this less likely is “the intention with this change,” says Slowe.
Reddit has been struggling to balance control with openness, and scores that are closer to straight vote counts make it tougher to argue that it's pulling strings behind the scenes to favor or disfavor certain groups. And preventing sudden, unwarranted popularity drops could mitigate the paranoia around vote brigading or other kinds of manipulation. This isn't a seismic shift, but it's an example of how basic structures like scoring can help shape an entire platform's tone.
A man who punched a teenage girl and a female student, leaving them unconscious on the ground, has been jailed for four years.
Michael Ayoade, 35, was caught on CCTV staging the random attacks in Plaistow, east London.
In the second attack on November 13 last year, he jogged up behind a 16-year-old girl in the High Street and punched her in the head. The teenager fell to the ground, breaking three of her teeth.
A year earlier, Ayoade punched a university student in the side of the head at Plaistow tube station. His victim, Daniella Montieth, was taken to hospital with a broken tooth.
Passing sentence at Inner London Crown Court, Judge Roger Chapple said Ayoade, of Greengate Street, Plaistow, had launched "vicious, unprovoked attacks on young, lone females".
He said: "These images are indeed worth many thousands of words. The footage captures graphically the shocking violence of these attacks.
"In both cases there was but one blow. In the case of (the 16-year-old) it can plainly be seen from the CCTV footage that the force behind the blow was massive.
"The ferocity of the blow that you struck to her after running up behind her with full force was truly shocking.
"In both cases the force of the blow was such as to render the victims unconscious albeit mercifully not for long."
Ayoade, who is originally from Nigeria, followed the teenager for 800m before attacking her.
Prosecutor Joel Smith told the court Ayoade said she had "looked at him in a rude way" and that he could not go through the rest of the day having taken "an insult from a little person like that".
Ayoade, who was arrested shortly after the attack, admitted two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm and one of possessing cannabis after a bag of the drug was found at his home.
Defending, Gillian Frost said Ayoade, who had smoked three or four cannabis joints and drunk a cup of vodka before attacking the teenager, had not wanted to cause more serious harm to either woman.
He was jailed for four years for the attack on the teenager and 19 months for punching the student, although the two sentences will run concurrently.
There was no separate penalty for the cannabis charge.
The third quarter was devastating for banks and homeowners. To show the growing divide between Wall Street and the American economy, the FDIC just released its third quarter banking profile. The FDIC fund is not only broke, it is now in the red to the sum of $8.2 billion. We've been warning that the fund was insolvent for over a year but now the FDIC has joined millions of homeowners in the negative equity category. The problem with the system is we have a fund that is now negative, backing up some $4.5 trillion in U.S. insured deposits. Who will be on the hook when more banks fail? Isn't the economy supposedly recovering?
The FDIC also updated their problem bank list and it has grown from 416 in the second quarter to 552 in the third quarter, a 32 percent increase. We issued a warning that when this crisis hits a real trough, that over 1,000 banks will be obsolete and gone. Much of this problem has to do with how assets are distributed amongst the big banks:
This is the new version of our economy. $13 trillion in total banking assets at over 8,000 institutions. But if we look closely at the data we will find that roughly 110 banks hold $10 trillion of all these assets. In other words, you can have 7,000 banks fail and only 30 percent of the system's assets would be affected. Talk about too big to fail.
But with the growing list of problems and losses to the FDIC banks somehow miraculously turned a profit in the quarter:
“(WSJ) Despite the turmoil in the industry, banks posted a modest $2.8 billion profit in the third quarter of 2009, as their securities portfolios recovered and banks with less than $10 billion in assets saw margins improve. Bank profits were more than triple the $879 million they earned in the third quarter of 2008 and improved from a $4.3 billion loss in the second quarter of 2009.”
Now how is it possible to turn a profit when banks are failing and putting the FDIC in the red and using taxpayer bail outs to stay afloat without some form of accounting chicanery? The reason is simple and it is because banks now operate like hedge funds and have used the stock market recovery to prop up their bottom lines with little benefit to the American consumer. Just look at banks like JP Morgan that in their last earnings report, showed most of their income stemming from their investment branch. In their retail lending they have pulled back on loans and credit cards which are really a bigger factor for the average American.
And troubled loans keep growing because in the real economy, things are still in a deep recession:
“Troubled loans continued to pummel U.S. banks in the third quarter. Loan loss reserves topped $60 billion for the fourth quarter in a row, dampening profits. Meanwhile, banks charged off a net $50.8 billion during the third quarter, an 80.5% jump from the third quarter of 2008. The industry's annualized net charge-off rate rose to 2.71%, the highest since records began in 1984.
Though noncurrent loans continued to climb during the quarter, the rate of growth of such loans slowed for the second quarter in a row. Noncurrent loans increased by 10.5% to $366.6 billion during the third quarter.”
If you are wondering how banks can turn a profit of a few billion even though they saw noncurrent loans increase by $366 billion, you would probably need to ask Bernard Madoff how he does his accounting. The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve are allowing this shell game to occur because they really need the Ponzi scheme to continue. They want the public to believe all is well even though banks are bleeding red. In their narrow world view, the heart monitor of the economy is Wall Street but clearly it is no longer a good measure of the vitality of our economy. With 27 million unemployed and underemployed Americans, how is it possible that the stock market rallied by 60 percent in a few short months? This is a legitimate question to ask. I heard someone on Bloomberg radio happily discussing the praise of “cost cutting” to maximize profits. These people are blind in connecting the reality that our consumer driven economy is not being helped by firing people for one or two quarterly profits while stunting the balance sheet of millions of Americans.
Loan Performance recently released a report that shows that 1 out of 4 mortgage holders are now underwater. If you want a chart of this data, this is how it looks:
Approximately 13 million American mortgage holders have negative equity in their home. What this means is they are in a worse spot than even a renter. If they had to sell, they would actually need to bring cash to the table. Or, they can do what many are doing and simply let the home go into foreclosure. And how many of the other homeowners are near negative equity? After all, you need over 5 percent in equity just to break even after all sale costs are factored in.
The bottom line is the FDIC is seeing a negative equity position in their banking system. Sure, they can do financial maneuvers that yield short-term profits but then what? We are approaching an underemployment rate of 20 percent in this country. These banks would not be standing without taxpayer bail outs. They have the gall to increase credit card rates to 79.9 percent and even impose fees on people that simply do not use their credit cards.
At a certain point, there is going to be a massive uprising against the financial sector. There is only so much deception the American public can take.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
The author, his husband, and his boyfriend. Photo by the author
This originally appeared on VICE US
It was when I read an opinion piece by a British writer Dylan Jones that I learned I was a slut—an actual, world-class slut.
In his piece, Jones describes being called a slut when, after the topic of one's sexual headcount came up as party banter, he estimated that he'd slept with 400 guys. Which, to me, is low. What was worse were the comments on an article that aggregated Dylan's essay, attributing his number to low standards and self-esteem, even supposed "mental health issues," as if one's worth lowers with each dick or ass you take. Sex-positive commenters emerged as well, praising his honesty while dismissing the puritans. But I can only imagine what those closed-minded moralists would say to me.
Sleeping with 400 men means sleeping with 40 each year for ten years. My husband Alex and I probably fucked 40 guys over the course of our five week honeymoon in Europe.
I had my first three-way when I was 14, with two neighborhood boys. I've been having sex regularly since I was 16. I have been having sex for 32 years—32 times 40 makes 1,280. And that's a low estimate. The real number of men I've slept with, as far as I can figure, is somewhere between that and 3,500.
I've had a lot of sex, and for that, I feel lucky.
What matters is the quality of the time we share together, whatever the duration of that time may be. I remind myself daily to remember that each man I make love to is a human being, and that I can love them for a precious few minutes.
Sex isn't just about getting off. It's about connection and intimacy. Even in the most anonymous of hookups; there's something magical to be found; blowing a stranger in a bathroom can be as intimate and mind-blowing as any sex. Sex is transcendental and beautiful, even if that stranger pushes you away, zips up, and leaves. Even if you never see your partner again. Sometimes, especially if you never see them again.
I spent teenage weekends at my best friend's apartment on Central Park West. We would spend our Saturdays watching the Robin Byrd Show while I sucked him off. Eventually, I'd head out alone to Central Park. I was probably 16. I didn't have a community. I didn't know what it meant to be gay. And while I was a horny teenager, I wasn't just going to the park to fuck. I was looking for a place to belong, and people who were like me.
In the late 90s, I left New York for Los Angeles, and found myself alone in a new city. I had just read John Rechy's Numbers, a veritable cruising bible, and soon found myself stalking the shadows of Griffith Park, devouring whatever and whomever I found. I know now that what I searched for, beyond sex, was friendship, and a way to be intimate with another, even if just for a precious few seconds. I spent hours kissing, fucking, holding others' hands while they masturbated, whispering things into strange ears, sharing moments lost but for my memories.
There is real beauty to be found in holding someone while deep inside them, feeling their heartbeat and hearing their shallow breaths. Sometimes it's enough to share that feeling and nothing else. Occasionally, within moments of loneliness, self-hatred, and desperation, we find one another, and for a few minutes can anchor one another in a dark and isolating world.
I feel no shame for any of it. I have fucked amazing people, people I now care for and love. These are people who would do anything for me, and I would do anything for them in return.
"That guy," I once overheard one man say about another, "has fucked so many people his sex can't have meaning anymore. He's an addict." But sex has retained meaning to me. With some guys, it still feels magical, like something truly important is happening.
I have fucked amazing people, people I now care for and love. These are people who would do anything for me, and I would do anything for them in return.
I refuse to shame anyone for their choices, even if they aren't choices I would make. For 12 years of my life, I was a daily heroin user. I have been an escort. I have slept with men for a line of coke. I've held men I loved while they died in my arms. I've stolen from people who meant the world to me. I have been selfish, unkind, and petty. I have lied, I have cheated, and I've found redemption—a way to really like who I am, to forgive myself, and to seek out those I hurt and make amends.
We are broken beings living in a harsh world. Why shouldn't we be good to one another? Why shouldn't we fuck, support, cherish, and love one another? I want as many people to love and be loved in turn as possible in this world. I sincerely want my husband to fall in love and fuck as much as he can in this lifetime, and I want the same for our boyfriend, too. I want it for every guy I make love to, now and in the future...
What matters is the quality of the time we share together, whatever the duration of that time may be. I remind myself daily to remember that each man I make love to is a human being, and that I can love them for precious few minutes. I can hold them and protect them. That is the worth of who we are, and the value we can offer.
Follow Jeff Leavell on Twitter.
If you happened to be outside during the evening this weekend, you probably noticed that the moon looked much bigger and brighter than it normally does. The hard to miss so-called “supermoon” was the largest full moon that Chicagoans have seen in nearly 70 years. The moon was closer to the earth than it normally is, giving the appearance of it looking larger and brighter. And it indeed was a sight to see. If you were unable to take photos last night, you're out of luck as the next supermoon won't come until 2034. However, photographers—professional and amateur—were out in full force last night to get shots of the rare celestial occurrence.
Here's a look at some of the best Instagram photos of the supermoon over Chicago. Do you have any you'd like to share? Be sure to send us a message at chicago@curbed.com or share a link to your photo in the comments section.
Sunday Supermoon Sneaking Thru Chicago A photo posted by Barry Butler Photography (@barrybutler9) on Nov 13, 2016 at 3:20pm PST
You can't be that far if we both watching the same moon!! A photo posted by Marcelino DeLosSantos (@mldsphotography) on Nov 13, 2016 at 6:31pm PST
The Moon Last Night! #supermoon #chicago #viewfrommywindow A photo posted by Lost (@dopeswwaagg) on Nov 14, 2016 at 11:12am PST
Supermoon - Chicago, IL - November 2016 A photo posted by Michael Gallegly (@mg33chicago) on Nov 14, 2016 at 11:05am PST
Supermoon. #mca #chicago A photo posted by Precious De Castro (@eighteenine) on Nov 14, 2016 at 11:04am PST
Mathieu Flamini admits that returning to Arsenal feels like “being back home”.
The combative midfielder rejoined the Club last week and made his second debut in Sunday's north London derby victory against Tottenham.
The 29-year-old earned widespread praise for his all-action display and he says he has slotted seamlessly back into life at Arsenal.
"It was my first game and I wanted to show everyone how committed I am, how I am ready to give everything on the pitch. I hope everyone saw it" Mathieu Flamini
“I really have the sensation of being back home,” Flamini told Arsenal Player. “Playing against Tottenham in a big derby, it was a great emotion, a great feeling.
“Playing against Tottenham is never easy but it is special for the Club, for the fans and for the players. Of course, for me it was my first game and I wanted to show everyone how committed I am to this club, how I am ready to give everything on the pitch. I hope everyone saw it; I really did my best when I came on.
“I have heard it a lot [that it is like I have never been away]. I feel like I never left. There are players I played with before, and even staff, there are a lot of people still here that I knew before and the [relationship] with the fans was just amazing. I just want to thank everyone for the nice atmosphere on Sunday. It was great.”
Flamini has been joined in the Arsenal squad by Mesut Ozil and Emiliano Viviano, and he believes all the raw materials are in place for a successful season.
“The quality is very high in this team and at this club,” he said. “That is the most important thing, to have players of quality because that makes a difference.
“The team spirit is also very good, and we saw on Sunday that everyone was helping each other on the pitch. That makes a difference in the big games.”
BeFutureproof/Flickr
John Horner, a 46-year-old fast-food restaurant worker, lost his eye in a 2000 accident and was prescribed painkillers. Years later, he met and befriended a guy who seemed to be in pain himself. His new friend asked if he could buy some of Horner's pain pills. Naturally, the friend was a police informant. Prosecutors in Central Florida say Horner was ultimately paid $1,800 for pills. "My public defender told me, 'They got you dead to rights,'" he said. "So I thought, 'OK, I guess there's no need taking this to trial.'" His story is recounted in a BBC News Service story about the problematic use of informants by U.S. law-enforcement agencies.
It's an important subject and the article tackles it well.
But let's focus here on the anecdote about Horner, because it gets at the utter madness of the War on Drugs. For the sake of argument, let's presume he's guilty of selling $1,800 of pain pills prescribed to him for an injury. Forget that he was arguably entrapped. Just look at the crime in isolation.
What sort of punishment should it carry?
You've got a 46-year-old employed father caught selling four bottles of prescription pain pills. "Under Florida law Horner now faced a minimum sentence of 25 years, if found guilty," the BBC reports.
Twenty-five years minimum!
It costs Florida roughly $19,000 to incarcerate an inmate for a year. So I ask you, dear reader, is keeping non-violent first-time drug offender John Horner locked behind bars in a jumpsuit really the best use of $475,000? For the same price, you could pay a year's tuition for 75 students at Florida State University. You could pay the salaries of seven West Palm Beach police officers for a year. Is it accurate to call a system that demands the 25-year prison term mad?
Well. Prosecutors offered to shave years off his sentence if he became an informant himself and successfully helped send five others to prison on 25 year terms. He tried. But "Horner failed to make cases against drug traffickers," says the BBC. "As a result, he was sentenced to the full 25 years in October last year and is now serving his sentence in Liberty Correctional Institution."
Naturally.
"He will be 72 by the time he is released."
Meet
It's an important subject and the article tackles it well.But let's focus here on the anecdote about Horner, because it gets at the utter madness of the War on Drugs. For the sake of argument, let's presume he's guilty of selling $1,800 of pain pills prescribed to him for an injury. Forget that he was arguably entrapped. Just look at the crime in isolation.What sort of punishment should it carry?You've got a 46-year-old employed father caught selling four bottles of prescription pain pills. "Under Florida law Horner now faced a minimum sentence of 25 years, if found guilty," the BBC reports.Twenty-five yearsIt costs Florida roughly $19,000 to incarcerate an inmate for a year. So I ask you, dear reader, is keeping non-violent first-time drug offender John Horner locked behind bars in a jumpsuit really the best use of $475,000? For the same price, you could pay a year's tuition for 75 students at Florida State University. You could pay the salaries of seven West Palm Beach police officers for a year. Is it accurate to call a system that demands the 25-year prison term mad?Well. Prosecutors offered to shave years off his sentence if he became an informant himself and successfully helped send five others to prison on 25 year terms. He tried. But "Horner failed to make cases against drug traffickers," says the BBC. "As a result, he was sentenced to the full 25 years in October last year and is now serving his sentence in Liberty Correctional Institution."Naturally."He will be 72 by the time he is released."Meet his kids
Oh.
Update: I've unearthed a fact that goes unmentioned in other coverage of Horner's case -- while it is true that he was a first time narcotics offender, he was convicted many years earlier (at age 18) of statutory rape. He served one to two years, and while I don't have more information than that at the moment, his wife says, via an intermediary, that it was a case of consensual sex among teens. While inconvenient for his already slim chances at being pardoned and worth adding to the BBC piece, it should be noted that it neither bears on mandatory minimums in Florida ("there's no indication that any priors were relevant at all in the sentencing phase of this case," says Gregory Newburn of Families Against Mandatory Minimums, an advocacy group), nor does it change the fact that spending $475,000 to keep him behind bars is a truly mad way to allocate public funds.
How about a pardon, Governor Rick Scott?Update: I've unearthed a fact that goes unmentioned in other coverage of Horner's case -- while it is true that he was a first time narcotics offender, he was convicted many years earlier (at age 18) of statutory rape. He served one to two years, and while I don't have more information than that at the moment, his wife says, via an intermediary, that it was a case of consensual sex among teens. While inconvenient for his already slim chances at being pardoned and worth adding to the BBC piece, it should be noted that it neither bears on mandatory minimums in Florida ("there's no indication that any priors were relevant at all in the sentencing phase of this case," says Gregory Newburn of Families Against Mandatory Minimums, an advocacy group), nor does it change the fact that spending $475,000 to keep him behind bars is a truly mad way to allocate public funds.
Whether you're betting your motorcycle on a high-stakes game of Texas Hold 'Em with a barracks rec room full of pissed-off, cigar-chomping Navy SEALs, training a trio of rabid grizzly bears the intricate details of a hand of Hearts, or just running a lucratively-illegal three-card monte racket down at the local nursing home, you're going to need a deck of hardcore playing cards that appropriately demonstrate the fact that your human reproductive organs are forged from solid brass and steel.
BADASS: Spades & Grenades is that deck.
This deck was not printed, it simply willed itself into existence.
Created by the guys who bring you Badass of the Week and Badass Con Carne, BADASS: Spades & Grenades is a straight-up deck of regular playing cards depicting 52 of the biggest badasses in the history of the world. They can be used for everything from Blackjack to 52-Card Pickup, and are pretty much guaranteed to turn a crappy, rainy-day waiting room game of Gin Rummy into a full-scale blood-drenched slugfest with the fate of the planet hanging in the balance.
From Shaka Zulu to George S. Patton, these hard-hitting premium playing cards depict real-life warriors, explorers, and various other eccentric murderlicious maniacs from every corner of the world and every period of history. Each comes with an awesome quote and every card will be hand-illustrated by our amazing stable of artists.
When we reach our main funding goal, the Royals and Aces will all have a full on depiction of the Badass in all their glory. The numbered cards will still be sweet, but they will be full-color portraits of some intense Badass faces.
When we hit the stretch goal we have artists standing by to give you EVERY card and EVERY Badass in full-on full-color beast mode with some appropriate inappropriate backgrounds.
the art isn't even finished and you already know you need to have it
The amount of death and destruction caused by the people on this list is more than some countries can claim, and the sheer weight of their cojones could sink the U.S.S Flagg like Shipwreck on a bender.
You can even play Crazy 8's with some of the most insane Badasses that ever existed
Got twenty-five years or so to think about the consequences of a few poorly-timed, ultra-violent life decisions? Now you can play Solitaire in your five-by-five prison cell while learning cool crap about historical badasses. Wanna spice up grandma's boring-as-hell Bridge club with something a little more intense than an automated external defibrillator? Choke-slam a deck of Spades & Grenades on the table and then laugh like a psychotic asshole while her entire home is instantly engulfed in flames like it was just in a head-on collision with a nuclear warhead. Or are you simply a hopefully-suave party dude trying to convince your ex-girlfriend's sorority sisters to play a few hands of Strip Poker? Whip these suckers out. If their clothes don't spontaneously combust and fly off into the atmosphere, at least they'll forget that wussy slap-in-the-face thing and just closed-fist punch you in the jaw because they know you're BADASS enough to handle it.
The BADASS: Spades & Grenades deck is printed at the United States Playing Card Company the choice of professionals and casinos for over a century!
The deck features 100% original and custom art: Every card has a unique piece of art and quote for each badass. The back & box design is an homage to the classic King design, but with some much-needed Armored support. We have also included two special cards with rules for our drinking game Badass A$$hole!
The deck & uncut sheet will only ever be printed this one time, so make sure to grab a hold of a piece of what is sure to be Badass legend.
WHAT ELSE YA GOT?
If all those sweaty, bloody, warriors are not enough to goad you into an adrenaline fueled spending spree, then we have just the thing for you. A Badass Cigar Box made from the tears of cowards and the powdered remains of 21 different endangered species. The box is big enough to hold 8 decks or 2 books from the Badass trilogy or one book from the Badass trilogy and up to four decks!
Badass Cigar Box
Whether on your coffee table or bookshelf this box makes everything else near it look fragile
WARNING: Staring at the art on the inside lid has been known to grow hair on your chest.
Badass Certificate
The Badass Certificate can be added to any purchase. It's a frame-ready certificate signed by the creators and printed on really nice paper that indicates the person of your choosing is a badass.
Uncut Sheet
Each Uncut Sheet features 56 cards including jokers, aces, and special rules cards for drinking games. The sheets will print in low quantities and will only be available during this campaign. Kickstarter exclusive.
BADASS: A$$hole game rules
This is our version of the old drinking game. Enjoy responsibly.
Download the PDF
ADD-ONS
Once you have chosen a reward level, you can add to your donation and we will sort out your needs and wants at the end of the campaign. We will do everything in our power to help every one of you get the Badass things you deserve.
STRETCH GOALS
Let's make this deck everything we all know it should be. Every Badass on this list deserves to have their full glory displayed for all to see and stare in awe. This isn't some redesign of a standard deck where the numbered cards are just a set of pips, each card is unique and must be given the respect it deserves.
Badass Drink Coaster - $20K
Keep people aware of your Badass status, in drinking games & life
Badass Handbook - $25K
This booklet is full of knowledge & stories you can use to impress that cute bank teller
About Us
Ben Thompson is the writer and creator badassoftheweek.com and author of the books BADASS, Badass: Birth of a Legend, and Badass: Ultimate Deathmatch. He has written articles for Cracked, Fangoria, Soldier of Fortune, and Penthouse, can occasionally beat the Star Wars Trilogy arcade game with one quarter, and was once selected "Seattle's Sexiest Dungeon Master" by a local newspaper.
Manny Vega is the art monkey for Badass Con Carne and the guy that convinces Ben to do crazy ass projects like this. He's drawn comic books, illustrated for RPGs and card games and designed games for Midway, EA, Pandemic and MoonSpider Studio. He somehow also manages to squeeze in time as a husband, father and dog walker.
Special Thanks to our artists for believing in the project and putting their considerable talents towards making this a reality. I hope you guys are ready to paint non-stop for weeks once we hit that goal.
Chronic or repeated stress increases alcohol consumption. The GABA-B agonist baclofen decreases alcohol consumption and may be most effective for individuals with comorbid anxiety/stress disorders. The present study sought to determine if baclofen blocks stress-induced increases in ethanol self-administration as modeled by repeated yohimbine injections in rats. Rats were trained to respond for 15% w/v ethanol in operant chambers using a method that applies neither water deprivation nor saccharin/sucrose fading. Following training, the rats received 6 injections of 1.25 mg/kg yohimbine were given immediately prior to the operant sessions during a 2-week time period. Subsequently, some rats were pair-matched to receive either 1.25 mg/kg yohimbine or saline in the presence of 0.3, 1, and 3 mg/kg baclofen prior to sessions. Acquisition of ethanol self-administration was poor. Pretreatment with yohimbine consistently increased responding across repeated injections. Yohimbine's effect on ethanol intake unexpectedly diverged from the effect on responding as the rats failed to consume all reinforcers earned. Smaller doses of baclofen paired with saline injections had no effect on ethanol responding; only 3 mg/kg baclofen reduced ethanol self-administration. The smallest baclofen dose of 0.3 mg/kg failed to block the yohimbine-induced increase in self-administration. The large baclofen dose of 3 mg/kg continued to suppress ethanol self-administration when given with yohimbine. Baclofen 1 mg/kg blocked the effect of yohimbine even though it had no effect when given in the absence of yohimbine. Exposure to high ethanol concentrations may induce self-administration only in certain conditions. The dissociation between responding and intake suggests that repeated yohimbine injections may initiate other behavioral or physiological mechanisms that confound its effects as a pharmacological stressor. Furthermore, an optimal baclofen dose range may specifically protect against stress-induced alcohol self-administration, highlighting a specific contribution of GABA-B receptors and a potential therapeutic efficacy of GABA-B agonists at a non-sedating dose.
Here's what you need to know...
Your trapezius isn't just that meaty part surrounding your neck. It extends from head to mid back. Your traps retract, depress, and help to upwardly rotate the scapula: all of which are heavily involved in weight training. Weak lower and middle traps will make you more vulnerable to upper body lifting injuries like shoulder impingement. Direct trap training works better than compound movements when it comes to hypertrophy. Strengthening the traps helps athletes avoid injury and it helps powerlifters increase their lifts.
Form and Function
Few things espouse more masculinity than a set of mountainous traps. But most lifters train their traps insufficiently from both an aesthetic and functional standpoint.
The trapezius plays critical roles in preventing shoulder and neck injuries as well as in pressing performance.
Trapezius Function
Think the traps are just for shrugging?
The trapezius, originates from the external occipital protuberance (the back of your skull) and attaches to the ligamentum nuchae (your spine). It connects to the spinous processes behind the neck all the way down to the mid-back.
The upper traps, which many novice lifters wrongly assume is the entire muscle, insert into the lateral third of the clavicle and into the acromion of the shoulder. It elevates the scapula for upward rotation.
The middle and lower traps join the rhomboids inserting into the spine of the scapula to retract them. It pulls the scapula back during movements such as rowing and climbing, and will enable a lifter to keep a stable upper back during horizontal and overhead pressing exercises.
The lower traps also assist with upward rotation of the scapula, which occurs anytime you raise your arms overhead.
Trap Training: Hypertrophy Benefits
Larger traps provide an illusionary effect. Check out the physiques on lightweight boxers, wrestlers, and mixed martial artists and you'll see astounding upper trap development in spite of their low body weight.
Novice lifters often say they're getting enough trap work with deadlifts, rows, and squats, but when I've trained clients with hypertrophic goals in mind, the traps have immense growth potential that's not realized without direct training. So why not train them directly?
Trap Training: Performance Benefits
For lifters with injury prevention in mind, such as athletes who engage in contact sports, trap training has crucial. Unresolved whiplash symptoms and chronic neck pain have been linked to trapezius weakness.
Weaker trapezius muscles, specifically the middle and lower trapezius, can beget shoulder impingement syndrome, scapular winging, and scapular dyskinesis.
Trap Training: Powerlifting Benefits
Relevant to powerlifting or those desiring a bigger bench, shoulder impingement and dyskinesis will alter normal functioning of the glenohumeral joint, thus throwing a wrench in one's bench-pressing progress.
Also, remember that stronger traps translate to bigger pulls. A lifter with strong lower traps will be able to pull the scapulae back and down during a deadlift or row, thus keeping the bar from traveling too far from the body. Strong upper traps will help lifters with their deadlift lockout, again keeping the bar closer to the body.
Trap Training: Desk Jockey Benefits
Paper pushers and online coaches need trap training too. Aside from just yoking-up their necks, trap training will give them better posture. It'll help address scapular instability, and it'll ward off the common upper back and neck pain associated with being anchored to a desk for the bulk of the work day.
Trap Training Considerations
Prioritize trap training. Do it at the beginning of your workout. Since these areas are never worked with high volume or to failure in strength programs, you won't have to worry about their training affecting performance on subsequent lifts like the Olympic lifts or squats, presses, and rows.
When I've had lifters train these groups through stretching and performing isometric holds, it's been easier for them to get into a neutral neck position during lifts occurring later in the workout. And shrugging heavier loads in lower volumes will prime the CNS for the work that's yet to come.
Upper Trap Exercises
Nothing is more yawn-worthy than seeing "Barbell Shrug 3 x 10" in a workout program. If you have the flexibility in your program, or equipment, try these upper trap variations instead.
Dumbbell Jump Shrug
Barbell Shrug Walk
Dumbbell Shrug Walk
Dumbbell Saw Shrug
Plate Saw Shrug
Seated One-Arm Dumbbell Shrug
One-Armed Smith Machine Shrug
Unilateral Low Pulley Shoulder Extension Shrug
Note: Unilateral shrugging exercises were found to produce the greatest EMG activity in the upper trapezius.
Banded Lateral Raise to Shrug
Lower and Middle Trap Exercises
For the oft-neglected middle and lower aspects of the trapezius, throw these movements in along with your upper trap work:
Mini Range Lat Pull-Down to Isometric Hold
Voyeur Shrug
Half T-Raise
These work wonders in recruiting the middle and lower traps. EMG activity in the middle and lower trapezius is greatest during shoulder external rotation and flexion in the prone position.
Alternating Forearm Wall Slide
Prone Tennis Ball Tension I, Y, T Raises
Standing Calf Raise Shrug
Trap Stretch
Add these to the end of your trap work for an intense stretch.
Trap Workout Samples
Pre-training:
Exercise Sets Reps A 4-Way Neck Machine 2 * 10 B Dumbbell Jump Shrugs 2 5 C Heavy Barbell Shrugs / Rack Pulls 3 3
* each direction
Post-training:
Exercise Sets Reps A Prone Tennis Ball Tension Y, T, I Raise 2 5 * B Wall Slide To Iso Hold 2 10 C Trap Stretch 2 * * 10 - 20 sec.
* each letter
* * each side
Trapezius Hypertrophy Workout:
Add this mini-session to your workouts twice weekly, performing them as a continuous rotation. End with a two to three-minute rest period before repeating the sequence again. You'll be happy with the results.
Exercise Sets Reps A1 Dumbbell or Hex Bar Jump Shrugs 3-5 3 A2 One Armed Seated Dumbbell Shrugs 3-5 10 * A3 Prone Tennis Ball Tension Y, T, I Raise 3-5 5 * * A4 Standing Calf Raise Shrug 3-5 15
* each side
* * each letter
Related: Full Blown Trap Training
Related: 5/3/1 How to Build Pure Strength
Lawyers for Mr McKinnon, 42, have told the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) that he will plead guilty to a charge under the Misuse of Computers Act, according to reports.
A prosecution in Britain would likely scupper attempts by the US government to extradite the unemployed systems analyst, who has Asperger's syndrome.
Mr McKinnon admits he gained access to 97 US Navy, Army, Nasa and Pentagon computers from the bedroom of his girlfriend's aunt's house, but he says he was motivated by curiosity and only got in because of lax security.
The US government says he stole passwords and deleted files. He faces up to 70 years in prison if found guilty in America.
Mr McKinnon has been involved in a long-running legal battle to prevent his extradition, but in August 2008 the European Court of Human Rights rejected his application to appeal a House of Lords ruling that he must go to the US.
Karen Todner, Mr McKinnon's solicitor, has now written to the Director of Public Prosecutions to acknowledge her client's guilt and make clear his willingness to face justice in Britain where the offence was committed, The Guardian reported. The CPS is said to be considering the matter.
Mr McKinnon has won support from the National Autistic Society and more than 80 MPs in his battle to stay in the UK.
Three-year-old JJ Hart will be permitted to keep his chickens at his Volusia County home, according to family attorney Mark Nation.
Last week, DeBary City Council members voted to end a chicken pilot program.
JJ's parents have maintained the chickens are therapeutic and help JJ break out of his shell.
JJ's mother said her son's social and verbal skills have improved tremendously because of the chickens.
Nation said the city agreed to make special accommodations for JJ and his chickens under three federal provisions.
“We told the city if they actually went through and took JJ's chickens away, that we were going to sue them under the three acts,” Nation said. “Yesterday they called and says they were gonna grant a special accommodations for JJ under the Fair Housing Act, the American Disabilities Act, and the Rehabilitation Act.”
Nation said DeBary city leaders will now vote on the matter to make the accommodations for JJ and his chickens official.
Zero Point Software who are now having a Kickstarter campaign to fund the development of their realistic FPS “Interstellar Marines: Prologue” agreed for an interview with LinuxGamingNews.org
1. Please tell me about your team ,how many people are you and what each does ?
We're currently two partners working full-time on the project; Kim Haar Jørgensen (Game Director) the visionary man behind Interstellar Marines, and Mikael Garde Nielsen (CTO) the guy in the engine room making sure all the wheels are turning.
On top of that we have assembled a core roster of extremely talented people who have all worked on the project at some point, and are ready to go full-time when the resources allow for it. Their experiences range from small unknown indie titles to big blockbuster games like Crysis and Deus Ex, and they all share the same intense desire to realize this ambitious project with us.
2. Originally you made a prototype using the UDK engine … which in my opinion looks graphically better than the current game (shame UDK doesn't support GNU/Linux).
Please tell me what happened after the well received release of the prototype ? why didn't you continue developing the game with UDK ?
Good question. Actually the prototype was made on an UE3 evaluation license back before there ever was an UDK. The publisher demo that we created was well received, however when we found out that no publisher were willing to risk their money on a new IP and an unknown team, during a financial crisis, we changed gears and tried our luck in crowdfunding, which eventually lead us to changing to the Unity engine.
The main reason that the demo graphically looked better than the current is that we had a 2 team working on it, compared to 4 people on the current Deadlock prototype.
3. What made you move from UE3 to Unity ?
With the UE3 evaluation license we were not allowed to show off our work to the world unless we paid the multi-million dollar price tag on the engine (remember, this was before UDK was available), and we worked out that in order for us to be successful in crowdfunding we would have to show more than just ideas to the public. We had to show playable prototypes.
At this time the Unity3D engine were quickly gaining grounds, and it seemed like the natural choice for us, so we decided to try it out and we haven't looked back since.
This whole process is explained in more detail, in the Kickstarter video (http://kck.st/VKkH3K)
4. What features are added or missing game wise after the engine switch ?
It's kind of hard to compare the two; the UE3 publisher demo served as a vertical slice to sell the vision to publishers who normally required such demos at the time, whereas the Unity prototypes serves more than proof of concepts of the various central features of what is to become Prologue.
5. Will it be a deathmatch/arena only FPS game or a campaign/missions are planned in the future ?
From the outset Prologue is a game that is focused on training scenarios, whether that be in multiplayer deathmatch to single-player target practicing or co-op hostage missions, everything is built around fun and engaging combat in an immersive training facility, where you're constantly improving your proficiencies as a candidate for the Interstellar Marines battalion.
6. Why do you show the outdated UE3 videos from 2008 on the main Kickstarer campaign page and not the current Unity videos ?
I mean the UE3 videos look better, but your current game looks much different and it's no longer represent it.
As described before, the prototypes zooms in on the various features of what is to become Prologue but we still feel that the old videos from 2008 is better at showing “the big picture”. They most accurately portrait what kind of game and style we want to deliver, despite their age.
7. You strive for realism and simulation, and your game so far looks great and is heading to the right direction.
How will the damage in the game work ? will you be killed from 1 shot ? or can parts of your body be damaged ? (like if you aim for the leg, the person won't be able to use it and will crawl, or shoot his hand and he will lose his weapon).
Prologue will feature simple component damage to destin; which means thatWe're simulating a lot of immersion effects to enhance the belief of looking out the eyes of your character and when it comes to e.g. being fatigued, stressed, wounded etc. we're always considering which audio / visual cues we can implement to enhance the immersion.
8. What kinds of arena games the game will have ? (deathmatch, capture the flag etc…).
We're planning to have all the standard game modes that we all love to play in other games; Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture The Flag, Domination etc. In addition to this, and since the game is about training for “first contact”, the training scenarios will be controlled by a all-encompassing AI (SARA), which controls both the simulation of the environment (rain, lights, sounds, access ways etc) and the mission parameters (objectives, AI, allowed equipment etc.) which opens up for a whole range of possible game modes.
A 25-year-old Fort Collins man faces murder charges in the stabbing of his older brother after the brother died.
Police arrested Bryce David Evans on Friday at 4 p.m. and held him for investigation of attempted murder in the stabbing of his brother Andrew, who was 28, according to a news release by Sgt. Kristy Volesky.
A report by the Larimer County coroner's office indicated that Andrew Evans has since died and that an autopsy showed he was stabbed in the heart.
The report did not indicate whether he died Friday or Saturday.
Dr. Patrick Allen ruled that the cause of death was homicide.
Bryce Evans now faces possible murder charges in the death of his brother.
Fort Collins police initially were called at 12:15 a.m. Thursday about an incident in the Glenn Apartments parking lot.
Andrew Evans lived in one of the apartments in the complex, near Drake Road and Shields Street.
The case has been sealed.
Police could not be reached for comment Saturday, but police told the Fort Collins Coloradoan more details would be released.
Kirk Mitchell: 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com or twitter.com/kmitchelldp
The first 100 backers to pledge at this tier receive a discounted price of $40.
Show us your ideas for monsters, spells, and items of epic strength, and the ones we like best will be included in all versions of Epic Legacy . All donors who have their content accepted into the book will be credited as contributors in the book, so you can show off to your friends. You will also receive the rewards of all previous tiers and your copy of Epic Legacy will be signed by the author.
At this tier, you'll receive a hard-cover print and PDF version of Epic Legacy. You'll also receive two printed copies and a PDF copy of Epic Legacy: Player's Guide add-on -- soft-cover booklets designed just for your players that have only the information they need, no spoilers about the terrors that lurk behind your DM screen.
Finally, you'll be able to submit spells, items, and monsters for inclusion in Epic Legacy as in the previous tier.
Forged in the most epic format, this hard-coverversion ofwill be leather-bound and printed on the finest high-weight paper so you can feel the power in your hands at the table. Within will be the personal signature and a thank-you message from every member of the 2CGaming core design team for your incredible contribution to our work.
Your taste for knowledge knows only the best. We shake your esteemed hand.
You'll also receive a PDF copy of Epic Legacy, as well as two print copies and a PDF copy of Epic Legacy: Player's Guide for your group!
Your intellect hungers to create. We offer our help in bringing your ideas to life.
Finally, you'll be able to submit spells, items, and monsters for inclusion inas in the previous tier.
In addition to the previous tier's reward of the Deluxe Epic Legacy hard copy and PDF, and three printed copies and a PDF copy of Epic Legacy: Player's Guide for your group, you'll receive a one-hour Skype brainstorming session with the 2CGaming Team. You can use this session to leverage our writers to help you create a story for your home game, develop your personal campaign setting, or any other creative task you think we can help with. We are yours for one hour.
We will work with you to realize your vision of a worthy foe, and together we'll create a Mythic Monster of your design that will be featured in the book for DMs to enjoy and players to fear. Your hand will be present in every part of the design as the 2CG core design team works to make the monster everything you desire. Your monster will receive a full-color illustration by our Art Lead, and we'll send you a 27x40" wall-poster of the image.
Your generosity and mastery know no bounds. We stand humbled in your presence.
Finally, you'll be able to submit spells, items, and monsters for inclusion inas in the previous tier.
You'll also receive, of course, the Deluxe Epic Legacy in print and PDF, as well as four print copies and a PDF copy of Epic Legacy: Player's Guide for your group!
Finally, you'll be able to submit spells, items, and monsters for inclusion inas in the previous tier.
We have a number of Add-Ons available for backers. If you pledge at least $1, you can increase your pledge by the amount listed for the Add-Ons you're interested in, and you'll receive a survey after the Kickstarter campaign's successful conclusion prompting you to select which of your eligible Add-Ons you want.
Note on Shipping: If the tier you have pledged at does not include shipping, and you pick up a physical Add-On that requires it, we'll contact you after the campaign to discuss costs for shipping and handling. We expect shipping costs to be close to:
$8 (United States)
$12 (Canada)
$20 (European Union)
$20 (Australia)
If you'd like your Add-On to ship with your physical backer reward, no additional shipping will be charged.
Please do not include the shipping cost in your add-on.
Epic Legacy: Player's Guide contains all the information a Player needs to create and play 5th Edition Characters beyond 20th level. Included in this document are:
Epic progression from level 21 to 30 for all twelve character classes from the Player's Handbook
A complete list of all Epic spells
A complete list of all Epic feats
A guide to Epic Combat and how to play an Epic Character
This information duplicates information present in Epic Legacy, but omits sections in Epic Legacy intended for Dungeon Master's eyes only. You won't find monsters or the world-building chapters in Epic Legacy: Player's Guide.
PDF: $15
Softcover Print: $20 + Shipping
Grab an 11x17" high-gloss, poster featuring Daniel's (theDURRRRIAN) artwork from Epic Legacy! These pieces are complete, so we can ship them within one month of the campaign's successful conclusion!
One Print: $20 + Shipping
Two Prints: $30 + Shipping
Archmagister King
Ionia, Primordial of the Material
We're excited to bring you Epic Legacy, and we've got some awesome ideas to build on and expand the core of the project. If we reach these stretch goals, we'll bring you more content and more beautiful artwork.
LOCKED - A new element of Epic Legacy becomes available: Mythic Artifacts. These items of world-shattering power make their appearance as astounding equipment for players worthy of their potency. This stretch goal will include roughly 15 pages of Mythic items and details for their creation and use in your Epic World. Included with each is extensive background lore, giving each item an epic story of its own, a unique attunement process that will challenge even the mightiest heroes to unlock its full potential, and abilities to save worlds from disaster… or bring them to their knees.
LOCKED - An epic infusion of professional art that adds glorious pictures of spells, monsters, and many other features. With 12 additional character sketches and three additional full-page spell illustrations, what's not to love? We think the artists we're working with produce amazing work and are sure you'll agree. More art means a visually astounding addition to an already gorgeous book.
LOCKED - At this stretch goal, we'll unlock a Kickstarter-Backer-Exclusive cover for Epic Legacy by none other than the legendary Wayne Reynolds, cover-artist for many of WotC's books and projects. We're excited to be able to bring our backers exclusive high quality content that makes their copies of Epic Legacy uniquely beautiful.
Mr. Reynold's development of this cover is provisional upon successful funding of this stretch goal.
LOCKED - We delve deeply into forgotten lore to uncover even more Mythic Monsters for you to face in battle. This will add 10 worthy challenges to the current pool of monsters for a total of 30, along with minions, lore, and allies of these magnificent and horrible creatures for you to cut your teeth on.
LOCKED - All Mythic Monsters get a day at the spa and come back fully refurbished, illustrated in glorious full-color to strike fear into the hearts of even the most stalwart party.
If we close in on the $50,000 mark, we will reach out to you, our backers, to get an idea of what you're most interested in! We have some exciting additional directions for the project, but really want to know what you'd love to see!
We've come up with some ideas of what Epic characters look like, but we'd love to see what you think up! If you whip up a version of one of our Iconic character, tweet it @2cgaming. When we hit the listed goals of characters, we'll include additional art for that character in Epic Legacy!
Each character below links to the character descriptions, concept art, and art our artists have created for Epic Legacy for your reference.
0 / 3 Submitted for First Bonus Piece!
0 / 3 Submitted for First Bonus Piece!
0 / 3 Submitted for First Bonus Piece!
0 / 3 Submitted for First Bonus Piece!
0 / 3 Submitted for First Bonus Piece!
Notes: We're going to be sharing this art with the community! We'll only consider the first piece submitted by each artist towards the total required to unlock bonus art in Epic Legacy, but if you draw more, we'd love to see it!
Ryan Servis, author and project lead for Epic Legacy, has been working excessively for the past 6 months to bring the Epic Legacy Beta to light. With a bachelor's in Political Theory and an experienced practitioner in caffeine-o-mancy, Ryan turns his academic critical eye to anything he puts his mind to.
He spends his days wandering amidst towering stacks of 3rd Edition D&D Books, or on Twitter at @Icepickun.
Nolan N. Nasser, a freelance illustrator and concept artist from Grand Rapids, began working in the gaming industry roughly three years ago as the artist for TCGplayer's MaxPoint Author Tokens. He has since taken on work for companies such as Greater Than Games and more-recently adopted the role of Art Director for 2CGaming. Reveling in the idea of creating characters and developing worlds his passion for stories and gaming fuels his passion for art.
Check out his work at n3art.com.
Daniel Kamarudin (better known online as theDURRRRIAN) is an artist of prodigious talent in the realm of dynamic action shots and gritty fantasy. He has been working with the 2CGaming team for several months now, delivering staggering quality and detail.
You can find more of his work on DeviantArt, Tumblr or ArtStation.
Jon Kelly, founder of 2CGaming, performs shady back-ally deals with artists, authors, and corporate partners that often end in blood-pacts and strange extra-geometrical tattoos. No one knows his role on 2CGaming's projects, but it is rumored that he does just enough of everything to keep the ship sailing.
Additionally, the project will leverage, to some degree, all members of the 2CGaming team, including Steven Gordon (Author), Ambrose Hoilman (Illustrator), Jeff Journey (Design Consultant), and Kadra Alvaro (Concept Artist).
We've also been working closely with page layout and formatter Cory De Roos, and editor Valerie Valdes.
About 15% of the overall project's funding has come directly from 2CGaming to develop the 80+ page Beta of the project (most of which will be included in the finished product!). We're extremely excited about this project and appreciate your support!
The amount we're campaigning for is certainly not trivial, but neither is the scope of the project we intend to create. The breakdown below shows exactly where the funding for this project will go:
Foam fight: Brussels brought to a standstill as protesting firefighters turn their hoses on police
When a disgruntled group of Belgian firefighters wanted to press for speedier promotions, an ordinary street demonstration just wouldn't cut it.
Instead, the 150-strong group turned to their trusty water trucks to make themselves seen - blocking the streets of the capital Brussels with a spectacular foam display.
Making use of the hoses usually reserved for fires, the emergency workers sprayed foam from 20 trucks over a main road in central Brussels, blocking traffic in the busy area.
More than 150 firefighters covered central Brussels with foam to protest over pay
Police were helpless as they were sprayed with foam during the protest
The streets resembled a winter wonderland as the thick layer of white foam coated the road and nearby buildings.
Police who arrived to calm the protest were helpless as their comrades covered them in foam, and many officers were spotted laughing.
Not happy with just stopping traffic they then turned their hoses on nearby government buildings - including the Brussels' Minister President's office.
The firemen also lit several fires to attract attention, before quickly putting them out
Protesters used their firefighting trucks to scale government buildings and cover them with foam
Government buildings, including the Minister President's office, were targeted in the attack
The protesters also used their ladders to get onto the roof of government buildings as sirens wailed below.
The firefighters also changed roles for the day - lighting small fires on the roads before quickly putting them out.
The workers are demanding clearer rules with regards to nominations and promotions.
One policeman saw the funny side as he was covered in foam
Toronto
The iconic Canadian band behind hit song YYZ — now has a key to it.
Hundreds of Rush fans waited hours in the heavy downpour Saturday afternoon to watch founding members Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson accept the key to the city from Mayor John Tory and to officially open an art park in Willowdale, named after the pair, who grew up in the neighbourhood.
“It's amazing, we grew up right around here, we skipped school right around here,” said vocalist, bassist and keyboardist Lee while being interviewed by George Stroumboulopoulos. “I think we were obviously thrilled (about the park) and amazed that somebody would want to do something like this and put our names on it for the community.”
Rush joins a long line of stars and prominent Torontonians who have a key to the city — including Drake and Paul Beeston.
Tory said he was presenting the musicians with the honour for not only their four decades together, selling millions of albums worldwide, but for their willingness to help Hogtown when it was facing the SARS crisis in 2003, by playing a benefit show alongside The Rolling Stones and AC/DC.
“They've done credit to this city,” said Tory. “We're proud of them and that's one of the reasons they're getting a park named after them. Any artist that can claim to affect an entire genre — music or any kind of art — we don't have that many who come right here from Toronto.”
Located in the Sheppard and Bayview Aves. area, Lee Lifeson is an “art park” that includes installations and design features with a musical theme, including one called, “the horn of reflection.”
“This park will still be here weeks after we're gone,” joked Lee, on Rush's legacy. “We have deep roots in Toronto. You'll see Alex and me asleep over there, with a paper bag with some rye whisky. Art is the thing that elevates out of whatever situation you're in. Art is a thing you put your heart into … and (art) heals.”
And while Rush — which includes drummer Neil Peart who hails from St. Catharines — have already played their final tour in 2015, Lifeson said never say never to more performances from the band sometime in the future. But for now, Lee enjoys travelling with his wife and Lifeson is going through some “adjustments” this year as he ages.
“We've been following up on some interests we both have,” Lifeson said. “We've been learning to get used to the idea. I feel confident about a lot of things. Music is definitely still one of them. You can't just stop writing and playing music.”
Strapping her RUSHGIRL licence plate, to the fence, mega-fan Beverley Wintjes, 49, drove from Mount Albert and had been waiting since 7:30 a.m. for the 1 p.m. ceremony.
“I've been a fan since I was 12,” she said. “I've got five visible tattoos. I wanted front row. I'm really proud of them. They're my heroes. They're very Canadian-like. They're polite, they're good guys, there's never any scandal with them. Their music was always the number one thing and it never wavered.”
jyuen@postmedia.com
The Maplewood father who was shot and killed inside his home Saturday morning in an apparent home invasion recently won custody of his two young daughters, neighbors said Sunday afternoon.
Justin N. Wright, 31, was found dead inside his home just before 5 a.m. in the 2200 block of Hazel Street when police arrived on reports of the shooting.
Maplewood police said a woman was in the home when the shooting occurred, but was not injured and is being interviewed by investigators.
Neighbors described the Wright family as "good people."
The quiet neighborhood has rarely seen any police presence, neighbor Carl Quist said.
Quist said police were called to the Wright house once before.
Wright, who owned a painting business, had been renting the home on the corner for a few years, Quist said.
"It's a shame," Quist said. "He was kind of quiet. His girls were always playing when I came home from work, in the yard or with the other kids … They were a nice family."
Quist said Wright had recently won custody of the two girls after months of fighting for custody.
Maplewood Police Chief Paul Schnell said that while questions remained regarding a motive, investigators do not think the shooting was random.
"It is now believed that the suspect[s] targeted this particular residence," Schnell wrote on the city's Nextdoor account.
According to a traffic scanner recording posted on the MN Police Clips Facebook page, the woman called police and said an unknown man came into the house and shot Wright. She said she heard him yell and then heard a gunshot, but did not see the suspect before he fled.
Police said that they searched the neighborhood with dogs but did not find a suspect and that no one has yet been arrested. They said the backdoor has signs of forced entry.
Police ask anyone with information to call the Maplewood Police Department at 651-767-0640 or send an anonymous text message by typing the keyword "Maplewood" followed by any information to TIP 411 (847411).
Staff writer Stephen Montemayor contributed to this report.
Twitter: @KarenAnelZamora
IT sounds like every young man's idea of heaven: endless sex with a constant stream of gorgeous, up-for-it women who don't even expect a pizza date before, or a conversation afterwards – and all via a tap on your smartphone.
Yet incredibly, a new generation of handsome, successful – and sexually prolific – Tinder-weary lads are claiming sex with hundreds of one-night stands is leaving them burned out, bored – and lonely.
Getty - Contributor 7 A new study has suggested that some men have been left feeling bored and burned out by too much sex from the app
Despite bedding a bevvie of beauties, they claim they're desperate for lasting romance – and broody for children with a new wave of sexually-liberated young women who just don't want to commit.
I got to know a group of these seemingly lucky men after I co-wrote the UK's biggest ever academic study into more than 2,000 British men, released this week.
Called the Harry's Masculinity Report, the survey was conducted by University College London and Harry's, a new men's grooming company that's just launched in the UK.
Harry's wanted to shatter the myths around masculinity, and discover what truly made modern men tick in 2017.
Tinder 7 Simone Ippolito, pictured, is a self confessed former Tinder player who has been on over 200 Tinder dates
Tinder 7 But now the 25-year-old says that getting sex is too easy and there is no emotion
One of the more surprising findings was that while married men are by far the happiest in Britain, the least content men were single, who are a full 10 per cent less positive – and this was especially true of those aged 18 to 29.
But why were these young men – who we've historically deemed to be footloose, fancy-free and in their sexual prime – having a hard time?
The answers were genuinely eye-opening. We discovered a new wave of men who have been left feeling exhausted and fleeced of their money by digital dating – and left confused about who truly holds the gender power in modern romance.
Tinder 7 Part-time model Simone says he is sick of the Tinder culture and just wants to settle down
One of these was Simone Ippolito, 25, from Bournemouth, a self-confessed Tinder “player” for two years.
The salesman and part-time model claimed: “When I first got Tinder two years ago, it was heaven. In three months I got 300 matches. They were coming so fast I couldn't keep up.
“People on Tinder are only there for sex. I've been on 200 dates, and I get a result 99 per cent of the time.
“Getting sex is too easy. You get bored of it. Tinder takes all the pleasure out of flirting. It's not fun anymore. Tinder is literally two glasses of wine then back home for sex. There is no emotion.
Tinder 7 Social media manager Gary says people don't even have to date now as they will just visit each other's houses for sex
"It is boring, empty and lonely. You can't have a nice conversation after mechanical sex. It's just sex and go. Now I just want to stop it and settle down”.
Talking to other single men, it rapidly became clear that while dating apps like Tinder means it's never been easier to get sex, it's never been harder to fall in love.
This sentiment was echoed by Gary Barnett, 34, social media manager from Brighton, who's been single for three months.
“For the first time ever in human history, sex is on tap,” he says.
“Nine times out of ten you don't even have to go out on a date. If a girl likes your photos, they just come round.
Tinder 7 Gary says that at first he filled his boots with Tinder but now he has been left disillusioned
“If you're half attractive you're bombarded with offers.You can go on Tinder dates every single night of the week.
"The social interaction is totally lacking. You can have sex and never talk again.
“They always ask the same three questions. 'Hi how are you?' 'how's your week been?' or 'I love your beard/tattoos'. That's literally code for ‘do you want to f***?'
“That was really good for the first year. I filled my boots. After 50 Tinder dates, including 20 in the last two months with no sign of any ‘keepers,' I'm over it. You get to the point where you can't be bothered to do it anymore”.
The Harry's Masculinity Report revealed that not only is technology changing the way we have sex, but, in this new digital world, it is women who are on top.
Gary added: “The gender roles in dating are being completely flipped. Women hold the power, and it can be difficult, weird and bizarre”.
Tinder 7 Alistair Seed, far right, says he has deleted Tinder after sex became like a commodity
This new world order – plus a desire to return to more traditional ways of meeting women, dating and settling down – is meaning many men are deleting the app. We discovered others, like Pim van der Berg, 29, who went on a 50-day Tinder detox.
“I think dating apps like Tinder are not good for us,” says Pim, a company owner from Notting Hill.
“They are making us lonelier”.
While Alistair Seed, 25, a headhunter from Kingston, who has deleted Tinder after being single for three years, added: “Sex is now just another digital commodity. We order clothes on ASOS and we order sex on Tinder.
"This is completely normal to today's generation. But it's leaving many men feeling empty and unfulfilled."
These men's experiences come as figures also suggest that half of singletons in Britain have NEVER asked someone on a date face to face.
Meanwhile another study has claimed that the dating app is fuelling a return of our "basic mating urges".
Tinder launches 'Menprovement' campaign aimed at nagging blokes until they stop being 'douchebags'
My charming Santa from the beautiful north did me an amazing kindness. Santa sent me such wonderful things from Minneapolis, that it reminds me of how much I love that fine city. The last time I was there, I was struck by how friendly and fun the citizens were, and /u/smilyus proves the point.
Minneapolis-roasted coffee, handmade caramels, and other Minnesota-made candy treats will make this Christmas sweet. But Santa didn't stop there. A book about restoration of extinct species will let me learn about the potential of mastodons returning to the Alaskan tundra. For flyfishing, the best floatant will help keep my flies atop my favorite California streams. And finally, something I've been needing for my camping trips - a solar lantern that you can see from the photos works perfectly. Santa showed thoughtfulness and good snooping that wows me.
Thank you so much, smilyus! May your Christmas be glorious and bright. Lots of love from California to Minnesota.
If Detroit underground hero Payroll Giovanni and Minnesota-born, Texas-based producer Cardo Got Wings swerved any further West on Big Bossin' Vol 1, they'd splash down into the Pacific. The pair's panoramic portrait of a mid-level hustler leans so heavily on classic LA gangster rap, Bay Area hyphy and hood movie mythology, it's impossible to picture these narratives taking place anywhere else but California. Call it Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas music—a nostalgic throwback to a time when pop culture was loaded with images of palm-treed pavements, side-held pistols and fingers curled into a ‘W' that comfortably files alongside Kendrick Lamar and DJ Mustard's modernized takes. Chance the Rapper's gospel-swathed Coloring Book has been called the sound of the summer, but it's *Big Bossin' Vol 1 *that'll fill the Lowriders with octane.
Payroll's a member of Doughboyz Cashout, whose contract with Jeezy's CTE World imprint has more or less come to nothing, but the group has countered the stasis with concrete-tough mixtapes that bite like the Michigan winter. On Big Bossin' Vol 1, Cardo brings in the sun. Behind the boards on all 18 tracks, his beats are built to feel like westside classics, with melodic synthesizers, silky vocoders, sour whistles, James Worthy-sized handclaps and female background vocals.
The emcee proves the perfect foil for Cardo's grooves. His relaxed flow is slowed a couple of knots as he sinks into the beats, evoking the swagger of Too $hort and the smoothness of the late Mac Dre–if the two West Coast legends had been compelled to rap about selling drugs on every song. Pitching himself as a rags-to-riches neighborhood baron, Payroll chronicles a life of drug deals, bright jewels and warm pistols. But Big Bossin' Vol 1 is more self-aware pastiche than hard-boiled realism. There's no creeping menace, ten crack commandments, or cutting moral center.
The outline might be familiar, but Payroll brings his own literary deftness. His fluid rapping is matched with a close eye for detail and sharp turn of phrase. “Sell Something” sees him lay out an origin story as he recalls finding an eighth-ounce of cocaine at age 15: “It was like the crack gods were like, ‘Here young dog',” he spits wryly. On “Day in the Life,” he recycles the concept of Ice Cube's “It Was a Good Day,” replacing the basketball games and Goodyear Blimp with police sightings and handguns. Moving from the mundanity of his morning routine, to the tension of almost gunning down two innocents, Payroll's storytelling paints pictures in clear technicolor.
“Successful” is the clearest iteration of Payroll and Cardo's collaborative sparkle. The beatmaker recycles the opulent keys and fat bassline previously gifted to Nef the Pharaoh on pop number “Betta Run.” In Payroll's hands, it's reimagined as a brash hustler's anthem. The rapper plays the grinning Don, laying out by his pool in the Cali sun, counting the fruits of the come-up. It's a sound as timeless as a Bukowski novel; as iconic as the Hollywood sign. Together, the duo have coaxed out their respective strengths on Big Bossin' Vol 1. At a time when the West is enjoying a creative surge, a couple of young outsiders are helping to carry the weight.
The Sidney Baer Center model of treatment is a showcase for what only recently in the United States is recognized as best practice for persons with serious mental illness (SMI). The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, written to reduce the costs of care while optimizing the quality of care, identifies two paramount treatment needs for persons with SMI:
1) the need for medical care at the same time as, and integrated with, psychiatric care
2) the need for psychiatrists and other mental health specialists to play a leading role in other professionals' care of those suffering from SMI.
The Sidney Baer Center has been demonstrating this treatment, and its enormous successes, for more than 20 years.
The greatest driver of Medicaid costs is hospitalizations. And the predominant profile of those hospitalized are people with mental illness (70%), substance abusers (73%), and dual diagnosed (54%). Among those hospitalized, 60% have housing problems, 28% are homeless, and 24% are staying with family or friends.
Sixty-eight percent of persons suffering a mental health disorder have a comorbid medical problem, and 29% of those with a medical disorder have a comorbid mental health condition.
There are 600,000 persons in the mental health treatment system in NY, costing the State $7bn; the Substance Abuse system serves 250,000, at the cost of $1.7 bn. Fully 20% of these individuals, discharged from inpatient units, are readmitted within 30 days. (NYSDOH Medicaid Redesign Team report, 2011).
These figures illustrate a system of care which is at once exorbitantly expensive and dysfunctional. It offers neither an appropriate level of care, nor a full complement of needed services, to those in our society living with mental illness and co-morbid disorders.
Fountain House's system of care, incorporating a full medical practice along with the core units of community, is a solution to the bleak picture described above. The Sidney Baer Center has been offering integrated care for many years, as well as referral for more intensive treatment if necessary. And staff has been coordinating with other staff at Fountain House to ensure that members receive services which can accelerate recovery - a safe place to live, friends and colleagues to reduce isolation, and the opportunity to work. This model of recovery works, it is inexpensive, and it is humane.
It should be emulated, and soon, throughout the world.
Madeleine Tramm, PhD
President, Tramm Consulting Group
Fountain House Council on Training, Education, and Advocacy
Will Gorsuch join the bandwagon for judicial amnesty?
So far, Justice Neil Gorsuch has walked in the footsteps of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, but if yesterday's oral arguments in an immigration case are any indication, he might be sharply departing from Scalia on national sovereignty and the role of the courts.
Forcing criminal aliens on the American public
America has become a dumping ground for criminal aliens, and now the courts, in a departure from 200 years of settled precedent, are making it hard to deport them on multiple fronts. Regular readers of CR are familiar with the slew of recent cases from the lower courts and the Supreme Court granting new rights to illegal aliens or criminal legal aliens to remain in the country against the decisions of the political branches of government, a phenomenon I referred to in my book as “Stolen Sovereignty.” Unfortunately, it appears that Neil Gorsuch might have caught the disease.
There were a number of disturbing cases of stolen sovereignty last term, in which Kennedy and Roberts joined the Left to invalidate deportations on numerous nuanced grounds. But one case where they held firm was Sessions v. Dimaya. The 4-4 deadlocked case resulted in a rehearing yesterday, now that the court has nine justices. While oral arguments are often not a valid indication of how the justices will rule, Gorsuch's comments, in conjunction with things he has said in the past about due process for criminal aliens against deportation, raise some concerns. At the risk of angering many conservatives who regard Gorsuch as the greatest accomplishment of this presidency, I'd like to present the concern and why it matters so much.
Since our Founding, and even during colonial times, our government always made it clear it didn't want criminal aliens. Our political leaders since our Founding understood that a free country will always risk violence from citizens. We are limited in what we can do to prevent every such act. That is why our early leaders made it clear that when it came to immigration, we would absolutely only bring in law-abiding people. This is why Congress has historically given the executive branch broad deference to enforce our sovereignty — our own political right to decide who enters our borders — but not to violate it.
Discretion in deporting criminal aliens
Our statutes require executive officials to deport anyone convicted of “an aggravated felony.” Immigration law defines an aggravated felony very broadly and open-ended, as a “crime of violence.” 18 U.S.C. §16(b) defines a “crime of violence” to include “any … offense that is a felony and that, by its nature, involves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in course of committing the offense.”
While most conservatives tend not to like broadly written statutes that leave executive officials with broad latitude to regulate the citizenry, immigration policy is different. Clearly, Congress, representing the will of the people, didn't want criminal aliens in this country. After all, immigration is an elective policy, only for the betterment of the country as a whole. Thus, the default position should be that executive officials have the power to deport any convicted criminal alien unless statute explicitly says otherwise. This is where Neil Gorsuch appeared to side with the Left.
James Garcia Dimaya is a green-card holder from the Philippines who was convicted twice of burglary. Immigration judges concluded that his crimes fit the description of a “crime of violence” and ordered his deportation. The Ninth Circuit, however, applied a broad trend in the court system to invalidate “crime of violence” statutes as “unconstitutionally vague.” The Supreme Court already did this with statutes governing domestic criminals, leading to the re-opening of numerous criminal cases. That was a bad enough foray into a political issue that should be dealt with by Congress, not the courts. But the Ninth Circuit egregiously applied it to criminal aliens, who have no presumptive due process right to remain in the country.
To be clear, immigrants most certainly have due process rights in criminal investigations, but there is no presumptive right to remain in the country at all and prospectively avoid deportation unless executive officials are acting contrary to statute. This is the deference to “plenary power” of the political branches that has been strictly upheld since our Founding.
Gorsuch's line of questioning
In a lengthy back-and-forth during oral arguments, Gorsuch kept expressing skepticism at Deputy Solicitor General Edwin Kneedler's argument that the DOJ has broad authority to interpret a crime of violence. He asked how the court would know if the crime likely involves violence. “I would probably want to have statistics and evidentiary hearings and hear experts on that question,” Gorsuch said. “And that sounds to me a lot like what a legislative committee might do.” He snapped at the solicitor general, asserting, “You're not asking the executive to define these crimes, you're asking us to.”
This is simply astounding. Gorsuch is suggesting that the default position is that a criminal alien gets to stay in the country unless the court can determine beyond a shadow of a doubt that the crime is included in statute and that the statute is not “unconstitutionally vague.” He is suggesting that asking the Supreme Court to overturn the activist Ninth Circuit is somehow an act of legislative intervention.
What was most concerning is that Gorsuch conflated deportation with imprisonment — lumping them both together as deprivation of liberty and property. He spoke of a hypothetical person sitting in prison for six months who “wouldn't trade places in the world for someone who is deported” and that the Constitution doesn't draw a line between regular criminal cases and deportation with regards to the Fifth Amendment.
This ignores an uninterrupted stream of settled case law stating that deportation of aliens is not a punishment similar to domestic criminal punishments that require greater due process, because it is inherent in national sovereignty. I have previously chronicled a list of case law stating that outside of a procedural due process opportunity to present their cases to an administration official, aliens have no right of judicial review to block deportations; most certainly not to invalidate statutes.
Justice Robert Jackson, the great champion of due process and the dissenter in the Korematsu case, said that “due process does not invest any alien with a right to enter the United States, nor confer on those admitted the right to remain against the national will” (Shaughnessy v. Mezei, (1953). Scalia wrote in Zadvydas v. Davis that Mezei was still the precedent and that he found “no constitutional impediment to the discretion Congress gave to the Attorney General,” even for the purpose of detaining a criminal alien in the process of deporting him.
Kneedler properly summed up the argument as follows: “[I]mmigration removal is not a punishment for past conduct. It operates prospectively on the basis of the application of standards adopted by Congress under which an alien is regarded as no longer conducive to the — to welfare.”
Therefore, it's not the job of the federal judiciary to second-guess immigration statutes or executive authority acting on the power of a statute. Let Congress deal with it if they decide the law is “vague.” But as it relates to immigration power, it's not vague. It's a broad license to protect America from undesirable immigrants, much like the ban on immigrants who've committed crimes of “moral turpitude,” as Justice Alito observed during the exchange.
The lower courts and Gorsuch's position
This is even more concerning because of the growing trend in lower courts to “strike down” immigration laws or enforcement of laws based on their novel interpretations of statute. The lower courts are continuing to violate national sovereignty. Last week, a D.C. federal judge limited Trump's immigration ban as it relates to winners of the diversity visa lottery. Meanwhile, as criminal aliens and illegals get full standing to sue against immigration law, the citizens of California and Judicial Watch were denied standing by the Supreme Court to sue California for violating federal immigration law and using their taxpayer funds for illegal aliens. Are we going to allow lower courts to rule the country?
Applying judicial review and “substantive” due process to criminal aliens on the question of their deportation has no place in the history of our jurisprudence and the plenary power doctrine. Scalia would be appalled at granting such rights to aliens. He was a strong believer in sovereignty and the plenary power doctrine. In his famous Zadvydas v. Davis dissent, he wrote categorically that “Insofar as a claimed legal right to release into this country is concerned, an alien under final order of removal stands on an equal footing with an inadmissible alien at the threshold of entry: He has no such right.”
And yes, Congress has historically granted the executive branch broad latitude to defend sovereignty. As immigration historian Peter H. Schuck wrote in his scholarly book, Citizens, Strangers, and In-Betweens:
Congress has chosen to confer exceedingly broad discretion over the most far-reaching immigration decisions not merely to the executive branch, but to a cabinet official…In the face of broad, express congressional delegations of authority to the president in the area of external relations, judicial power is the most problematic and the President's authority, in Justice Jackson's words, “is at its maximum.” There, “[he may] be said to personify the federal sovereignty.”
Yet, once again, today the court is hearing a case, Jennings v. Rodriguez, where the Ninth Circuit has granted illegal aliens a right to bond hearings, even though they are the consummate flight risk. It never ends. Immigration and national sovereignty was the one issue that survived even the onslaught of the Warren Court. Not any more. The courts are now doing to immigration what they did to abortion and marriage. It would be a darn shame for Gorsuch to be the final nail in that coffin.
When considering tampering with immigration policy, Gorsuch should ponder Scalia's admonition shortly before he passed away, “What Shakespeare is to high school students, a society's long-established traditions are to the jurist. He does not judge them; he is judged by them.”
A little while ago I visited Durham for a short break. It's an attractive, small city of around 80,000 inhabitants, with a narrow, historical street pattern that precludes the use of the motor car in much of the centre. Indeed, there is a congestion charge for motorists who wish to access the Durham peninsula.
Given that there is a university here, with 16,000 students, and also that the city centre is only a short ride from much of the outskirts – no more than around 2-3 miles – the bicycle could and should be a predominant form of transport in Durham, despite the city being rather hilly.
Yet in a full 48 hours in the city, spending much of my time walking around as a tourist, I only managed to see a grand total of seven people using a bike. Admittedly, this was (just) out of university term time, but this is a miserable number. I saw thousands of cars being driven around the city, and only a handful of people using bikes, enough to count on my fingers.
But this is evidently not some kind of anomaly. The data I've managed to dig out on my return suggests that cycling is next to non-existent in Durham. The figure for cycling commuting share in Durham (which, remember, will be significantly higher than overall cycling mode share) was just 1% in 2001 [pdf], and it seems this figure has not improved in the intervening years.
Only 0.3% of County Durham primary schoolchildren cycle to school, and the figure is not much better for secondary schoolchildren – just 0.7% cycle to school cycle to school ( it is worth noting, incidentally, that five times more children take a taxi to school in this region, than ride a bike.)
Durham County Council's literature is filled with pictures of people haring around on mountain bikes in the countryside (see left), which is fine as a leisure pursuit, but isn't really going to do anything about changing the way everyday journeys are going to be made, and doesn't suggest serious engagement with the issue of cycling as a mode of transport.
The latest cycling strategy, for 2012-15, is a bit sexier, with some pictures of bikes with wicker baskets in amongst those of people engaging in cycle sport (although the cover again features mountain bikers and pictures of disc brakes), but there doesn't seem to be any acknowledgement that cycling is going absolutely nowhere in the area, and has been for decades.
There has, apparently, been a detailed review of the previous cycling strategy, but I can't find it anywhere on the County Durham website, and the current Cycling Strategy isn't very helpful in locating it either, listing the website for it as durham.gov.uk/xxxxxxxxx (right). There aren't any figures for current cycling levels in Durham contained within the document, so there's absolutely no way of knowing whether cycling is increasing or decreasing. The talk in the latest strategy document is encouraging (there is an acknowledgement that behaviour change programmes are unlikely to have any effect without an improvement in physical conditions), but talk is one thing, and actual progress in creating a safe, pleasant and inviting environment for cycling is another.
Another insight into how marginal cycling is in Durham comes from this story about four (yes, just four) bike lockers at Durham bus station, which remained unused for five years, because the council can't work out how to operate them. Nobody even seemed to notice!
From walking around the city, it's quite obvious to me why cycling is non-existent in Durham. The main roads I saw were dire.
Fast, wide and open, with absolutely no concession made for anyone daring to ride a bike. It's impossible to imagine ordinary people choosing to ride on these kinds of roads, mixing with motor traffic.
Despite delays in and out of the city, nobody appeared to have been tempted to cycle instead, to beat the queues.
It is on these main roads that physical separation from motor traffic is desperately needed, but despite there being plenty of space available, cycle tracks (and not even cycle lanes!) were not in evidence.
Surface and multi-storey car parks cost at least £1.40 for the minimum stay (the multi-storeys rather more), but again this cost does not appear to have prompted locals to opt for cycling into the city instead.
Cycle stands were empty.
Or littered with the sad, decaying carcasses of bikes that appear to have been there for years.
There is a Sustrans route across the city – part of National Cycle Network 14 – but to call it ‘indirect' would be generous.
Instead of crossing the large roundabout, and the main dual carriageway bridge over the River Wear (which both feature in the second photograph in the set of ‘main roads' shown earlier) you are diverted to the south, and then several hundred metres to the north, to cross on an attractive (but rather narrow) pedestrian and cycle bridge.
Absurdly, on the second leg of this diversion (heading south back towards the city) this National Cycle Network Route becomes a one way street, with no exemptions, or cycling permitted.
People have obviously been taking to the pavement here (which is really quite wide on the other side of the road) to avoid this restriction, but the problem has been solved with a ‘Cyclists Dismount' sign. Plainly there is no way road space could be reallocated on this busy street. To repeat – National Cycle Network.
If you can be bothered to get as far as the bridge, then – miraculously – a contraflow cycle lane appears out of nowhere. It is unclear how you are supposed to join it, given that you can't cycle in the road or on the pavement prior to it.
You can use it for about 50 metres, and then it promptly gives up as abruptly as it started. Dismount again!
Your ‘route' then involves walking up the ramp on the right, to cross to the other side of the dual carriageway, on the bridge. NCN14 then continues on a narrow pavement, fenced off from road, before descending into a really quite scary underpass to return back to the side of the dual carriageway you were originally on.
So the ‘traffic-free' route is circuitous, stops you cycling in many places, is narrow and unsuitable for heavy cycle flows, and is socially unsafe.
Apart from that, it's fine.
If you don't fancy doing this, then your other option is to ‘man up' and cycle across the bridge, and the two roundabouts at either end.
No thanks.
Beyond forcing people who might want to cycle to choose between lethal roads and a trek that requires a map, there are many other tiny things in the city that act to make cycling unattractive.
Perfectly serviceable tracks, that become roads into the city centre, are blocked off in ways that make cycling inconvenient, like in the example pictured left.
And besides a huge number of wide one-way streets that have no exemptions or contraflows for cycling, Durham also has restrictions on vehicles accessing some streets at all times, with no exemptions for cycling, despite loading by motor vehicles being allowed at off-peak times.
That means HGVS can legally drive on these streets before 10am, and after 6pm, for loading purposes, but cycling is not allowed at these times (unless they are ‘loading' perhaps?). Completely illogical.
While some of these locations are probably too busy with pedestrians for cycling to be allowed at peak times, it might at least be worth a trial.
This chap – one of the seven people I saw riding bikes in two whole days – is breaking two rules; cycling the wrong way on a one-way street, and disobeying the ‘no vehicles' restriction. However, there doesn't seem to be any sensible reason why cycling should not be allowed on this bridge (which, incidentally, is the only other alternative to the two bridges into the city from the west that have featured already).
I don't think it would be unreasonable to describe Durham as institutionally anti-cycling. I doubt the city has consciously drawn up plans to design out the use of bikes, but – unconsciously or otherwise – it seems every effort has been taken to ignore cycling, or to make it as unpleasant or as inconvenient as possible. The statistics bear out the results.
• Manchester City team-mates argued at half-time at Swansea • Roberto Mancini claimed to have no knowledge of the incident
Mario Balotelli was involved in a heated exchange with his team-mate Yaya Touré during half-time of Manchester City's defeat at Swansea on Sunday.
The two players had an argument in the tunnel, according to BBC's Match of the Day, but the City manager, Roberto Mancini, later claimed he had no knowledge of the incident. "No, I don't know anything about this," Mancini insisted when asked.
At the time of the alleged argument the game was still scoreless, but City were being dominated by Swansea, who had missed a penalty.
Mancini had attempted to change the course of the game by replacing Gareth Barry with Sergio Agüero after 37 minutes. This brought a visibly angry reaction from the England midfielder who complained to first-team coach, David Platt, as he left the field.
Luke Moore's 83rd-minute winner for Swansea, coupled with Manchester United's victory over West Bromwich Albion, meant City fell from top spot in the league for the first time since October.
It was City's second defeat in four days, following the 1-0 Europa League loss to Sporting Lisbon on Thursday, and Mancini admitted his players might be feeling the strain of a long season.
"The last four days have been very difficult for me," he said. "Maybe we were tired at the start. This is normal after seven months of the season, as we are playing three times a week. We've lost two games in four days and this is a bad moment for us."
Game Description
Buy FFXIV Gil at the Best Prices With Gamer to Gamer
Let G2G.com Help You Buy FFXIV Gil
Safely Purchase FFXIV Gil
Legendary Service With G2G.com
Final FantasyXIV has come a long way since its rather rough initial release, but the long grind of gathering FFXIV gil is one thing that hasn't changed. Obtaining FF14 gil takes a lot of time -- time that could otherwise be spent enjoying some of the game's content. With the release Final Fantasy: A Realm Reborn and its expansion,Heavensward in August of 2013 and June 2015 respectively, you can either miss this great content while gil farming, or buy FF14 gil. There are plenty of places to choose from, but here at G2G.com, we offer the best value and prices for those looking to purchase FFXIV gil.In FF14, in-game currency is required for things like buying supplies, equipment and -- most importantly -- crafting. FFXIV gil is especially needed in large amounts when purchasing or creating higher tier items, like relic weapons. Accessing the right materials can cost a lot of money, and with this comes the need for farming -- a particularly tedious activity that's typical in most online games.This is where Gamer to Gamer comes in.We know perfectly well how difficult it can be to earn money in FFXIV. G2G.com provides a secure marketplace for people to purchase FF14 gil at the cheapest possible prices.We save players the trouble of that tedious gil grind, so that you can enjoy every aspect of the game as quickly as possible. One purchase is all it takes to save you hours of boring farming.Perhaps you're in the opposite position, with tons of gil that you simply won't use. Don't let that virtual gold mine go to waste. Sell the FFXIV gil to your fellow gamers and turn that fake money into real cash!Whether you purchase or sell gil, G2G.com has you covered.Besides our excellent prices, what makes G2G.com the best place to buy FF14 gil? For starters, all of our sales, trades and offers are secured through our company's GamerProtect system. Specialists in this program monitor buyers and sellers during each transaction, ensuring that both parties' FFXIV gil exchange goes through without a hitch -- nobody gets shortchanged with us.Of course, it's always good to know who you're dealing with on our site. In this case, we make it safe to purchase FFXIV gil by providing chat access between customers to make the process feel more direct. Still not sure? Feel free to check out a vendor's reputation through our feedback system.At G2G.com, we want to make sure you get the best deals in a safe trading environment.Got a problem with a buyer or seller? Need help with another issue? Don't worry, because our site will always help. We thoroughly, successfully investigate any trouble that players might run into when buying FFXIV gil.Of course, we'd be remiss not to offer refunds on all our transactions, so you'll never leave a purchase empty-handed.We really appreciate your business and wish you all the best in your gaming endeavors. Thanks for choosing G2G.com! For more info about cheap FFXIV gil, please visit https://www.g2g.com/buy/FINAL-FANTASY-XIV-GIL.html or go to FFXIV Gil G2G is the most reputable marketplace for cheap FFXIV gil. If you come to G2G.com by google "ff14 gil farming" or "final fantasy 14 gil making guide" or "ffxiv gil for sale" or "ffxiv gil guide" or “ ffxiv gil farming 2017” or “ffxiv gil farming 2018” or “Journey to the Far Eastern city of Kugane” or "The Far Edge of Fate" or “ffxiv buy gil" or "ff14 gold" or "Stormblood" or "Heavensward" or "soul surrender" or "patch 3.5 The Far Edge of Fate" or "Anima weapon story quests" or "best place to buy ffxiv gil", then you are at the right place for the cheapest FFXIV Gil!On 2018 OCT 12, FFXIV live the patch 4.41, the changes includes adjustments to Omega: Sigmascape (Savage) and PvP job actions. The patch name is called Prelude in Violet.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey announced a new school curriculum on Tuesday that excluded Charles Darwin's theory of evolution, feeding opposition fears President Tayyip Erdoğan is subverting the republic's secular foundations.
FILE PHOTO: Students of Tevfik Ileri Imam Hatip School walk past a statue of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, founder of secular Turkey, in Ankara, Turkey November 18, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas/File Photo
The chairman of a teachers' union described the changes as a huge step in the wrong direction for Turkey's schools and an attempt to avoid raising “generations who ask questions”.
Education Minister Ismet Yilmaz said the main elements of evolution already underpinned the science curriculum, but there would be no mention of Darwin's landmark theory until university.
“Because it is above the students' level and not directly related, the theory of evolution is not part” of the school curriculum, Yilmaz told a news conference.
Opposition Republican People's Party lawmaker Mustafa Balbay said any suggestion the theory was beyond their understanding was an insult to high school students.
“You go and give an 18-year old student the right to elect and be elected, but don't give him the right to learn about the theory of evolution...This is being close minded and ignorant.”
The theory of evolution is rejected by both Christian and Muslim creationists, who believe God created the world as described in the Bible and the Koran, making the universe and all living things in six days.
Erdoğan, accused by critics of crushing democratic freedoms with tens of thousands of arrests and a clampdown on media since a failed coup last July, has in the past spoken of raising a “pious generation”.
The curriculum, effective from the start of the 2017-2018 school year, also obliges Turkey's growing number of “Imam Hatip” religious schools to teach the concept of jihad as patriotic in spirit.
“It is also our duty to fix what has been perceived as wrong. This is why the Islamic law class and basic fundamental religion lectures will include (lessons on) jihad,” Yilmaz told reporters. “The real meaning of jihad is loving your nation.”
Jihad is often translated as “holy war” in the context of fighters waging war against enemies of Islam; but Muslim scholars stress that it also refers to a personal, spiritual struggle against sin.
ATATURK
Mehhmet Balik, chairman of the Union of Education and Science Workers (Egitim-Is), condemned the new curriculum.
“The new policies that ban the teaching of evolution and requiring all schools to have a prayer room, these actions destroy the principle of secularism and the scientific principles of education,” he said.
Under the AKP, which came to power in 2002, the number of “Imam Hatip” religious schools has grown exponentially. Erdoğan, who has roots in political Islam, attended one such school.
He has spent his career fighting to bring religion back into public life in constitutionally secular Turkey and has cast himself as the liberator of millions of pious Turks whose rights and welfare were neglected by a secular elite.
Liberal Turks see Erdoğan as attempting to roll back the work of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the Western-facing founder of modern Turkey who believed education should be free of religious teachings.
Some government critics have said the new curriculum - which was presented for public feedback earlier this year - increased the emphasis on Islamic values at the expense of Ataturk's role.
But Yilmaz said on Tuesday nothing about Ataturk or his accomplishments had been removed. Changes only emphasized core values such as justice, friendship, honesty, love and patriotism.
Slideshow (5 Images)
He said discussion of the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), Islamic State and the network of the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara blames for last year's attempted coup, would also be added.
Balik, the head of the union, said the changes were being made in an attempt to stamp out dissenting ideas.
“The bottom line is: generations who ask questions, that's what the government fears,” he said.
Luke Joeckel doesn't spend much time pondering the broken ankle that ended his rookie season with the Jaguars just five games in.
"It's done," Joeckel said Thursday, per The Florida Times-Union. "I'm trying to throw it out of my mind. I've just got to play football now at a fast and strong level. I can't think of myself as an injured, pathetic guy."
The Jaguars don't see him that way, either. Not after using the No. 2 overall pick in last year's draft on a blocker they hope will man the bookend spot into the next decade.
After spending the vast majority of his 272 rookie snaps at right tackle, Joeckel's gruesome ankle injury came just 12 plays into his Week 5 debut on the left side, taking over for the traded Eugene Monroe.
"In some aspects, he'll be going through his rookie year again," coach Gus Bradley told the newspaper. "But he was pretty mature when he came in."
Jacksonville's coaching staff was pleased with Joeckel's work during this week's OTAs. His return serves as a boost for a line that also added two new starters at guard in third-round pick Brandon Linder and free-agent acquisition Zane Beadles.
The potential for improvement up front is one reason we're banking on a "Making the Leap" campaign from newly acquired backfield "horse" Tony Gerhardt.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" breaks down the news and examines developments from the first week of OTAs.
Will the battle over ads on sports jerseys turn out to be as lopsided and inevitable as the U.S. invasion of Mexico in 1846, or the Spanish-American War? We hope not.
Last week the National Basketball Association announced it will allow its teams to sell one corporate logo on the front of their uniforms, beginning with the 2017-18 season. The move has drawn plenty of criticism from sports purists upset at the adulteration of their favourite teams' jerseys—one of the last vestiges of ad-free space left in sports. NBA commissioner Adam Silver dismissed all this as antique sentimentality. “It is the manifest destiny of sports to move toward more of this kind [of ad sales],” he grandly declared. Manifest destiny, by the way, refers to the 19th-century American expansionist movement that saw the country lay claim to our entire continent and effortlessly invade Mexico, Cuba and the Philippines. If hockey fans wish to defend their home teams' jerseys from incursion by foreign powers, now is the time to fight back.
Around the world it's commonplace for professional sports teams to sell advertising room on their jerseys, and to great profit. Manchester United of the English Premier League of soccer, for example, recently signed an $84-million-a-year deal with Chevrolet to put its logo on the front of their kit. Here in North America, many other leagues have adopted the practice as well. Canadian Football League jerseys are peppered with ads. As are the fields they play on. The same goes for professional soccer, lacrosse, car racing and women's basketball. Until now, however, the four major North American sports leagues (NBA, National Football League, National Hockey League and Major League Baseball) have protected the sanctity of their uniforms from this sort of corporate encroachment, aside from small logos identifying the jersey manufacturer.
With professional basketball finally giving in to temptation—Silver figures the NBA will earn up to $100 million a year from the ads—there's good reason to believe the other major sports leagues will follow. Expect hockey to be next. The NHL has been studying this concept nearly as long as the NBA. As with basketball, it already allows ads on teams' practice jerseys. And it plans to sell ads on uniforms worn in the World Cup of Hockey, to be held this September in Toronto. When asked about the issue in the past, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has cryptically explained his league “wouldn't be the first” to adopt jersey ads. Now that basketball has obligingly gone ahead, the path seems clear. Despite Silver's claim of manifest destiny, however, there's good reason to push back against this rising tide of corporate logos.
Once upon a time the rink boards at NHL arenas were a pristine white, save for the scuff marks from pucks and hard checks. Now they're festooned with ads. As are the walls behind player benches and penalty boxes. Even the ice surface itself has become part of the advertising landscape. As such, it may not appear such a great leap for those ads to migrate from ice to jersey. Yet there's something special and ineffable about jerseys and their effect on fans that seems categorically different from arena boards. (Even if we'd prefer the boards were still ad-free as well.) In our era of free agency and rapidly changing lineups, fans now feel a stronger connection to the tradition and “brand” of the uniform than they do to the players who happen to be wearing it at any particular moment. If the entire roster of the Montreal Canadiens was traded, man-for-man, to the Toronto Maple Leafs this summer, each city's fans would dutifully cheer for their teams' colours next season. The jersey is all a dedicated fan has left to worship. As for the danger of eroding that connection, consider the cacophony of tacky ads and labels that comprise the typical jersey in the professional hockey leagues of Europe—and compare the vast differences in fan devotion across continents.
This magazine is certainly not opposed to advertising, or corporate sponsorship in general. But there are times when ads get in the way of the personal relationship enjoyed by dedicated fans. As with the rest of modern life, there's no shortage of advertising opportunities in sports. Surely there's room to carve out some respite from corporate messaging in the name of tradition and fan loyalty.
“An NHL uniform is a sacred thing and it's an honour to wear one,” Winnipeg Jets right winger Blake Wheeler tweeted last year when this issue last resurfaced. “Putting corporate sponsors on the front would tarnish that. Don't do it.”
It's often said that in Canada, hockey is the closest thing we have to state religion. If so, let's follow Wheeler's advice and keep those jerseys sacred.
Less than two months after a group stage exit for the US U-17 national team at the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup, the road to 2017 will begin in earnest for the next crop of US hopefuls with a friendly tournament in Lakewood Ranch, Florida, beginning on Wednesday.
Former Philadelphia Union and US U-17 coach John Hackworth will take charge of the team for the tournament. US Soccer has not publicly issued a statement regarding the future of Richie Williams, who coached the last two cycles of U-17 national teams.
The new group is made up mostly of players born in 2000. The US will play England, the Netherlands and Brazil, with games being streamed on the US Soccer YouTube page.
The 21-player roster includes nine players representing six MLS clubs, with D.C. United, the LA Galaxy and the Philadelphia Union each contributing two players. Jake Arteaga (LA Galaxy), Kelee Cornfield-Saunders (LA Galaxy), Jaylin Lindsey (Sporting Kansas City), Rayshaun McGann (Philadelphia Union), Chandler Vaughn (D.C. United) and Adrian Villegas (Portland Timbers) all competed in April's Generation adidas Cup, a U-17 tournament, as 15-year-olds, although Cornfield-Saunders played for Chivas USA.
The roster also includes the rare American international who suits up for Toronto FC, Ayomide Akinola, and Timothy Weah, son of former Liberia and AC Milan star George Weah. The younger Weah currently plays in the youth system of Paris-St. Germain. Midfielder James Sands plays for the New York Soccer Club, a youth affiiliate of New York City FC.
Complete US roster:
GOALKEEPERS (3): Alexander Budnik (Sockers FC; Arlington Heights, Ill.), Carlos Dos Santos (Philadelphia Union; Philadelphia, Pa.), Justin Garces (Kendall FC; Miami, Fla.)
DEFENDERS (7): Jake Arteaga (LA Galaxy, Glendora, Calif.), Kelee Cornfield-Saunders (LA Galaxy; San Marcos, Calif.), Christopher Durkin (D.C. United; Glen Allen, Va.), Jaylin Lindsey (Sporting Kansas City; Charlotte, N.C.), Rayshaun McGann (Philadelphia Union; Royal Palm Beach, Fla.), Bryan Perez (LA Premier FC; Los Angeles, Calif.), Chandler Vaughn (D.C. United; Woodbridge, Va.)
MIDFIELDERS (7): George Acosta (Weston FC; Hollywood, Fla.), Andrew Carleton (Georgia United; Powder Springs, Ga.), Blaine Ferri (Solar; Southlake, Texas), Christopher Goslin (Georgia United; Locust Grove, Ga.), James Sands (New York Soccer Club; Rye, N.Y.), Arturo Vasquez (FC Golden State; Mira Loma, Calif.), Adrian Villegas (Portland Timbers; Hood River, Ore.)
FORWARDS (4): Ayomide Akinola (Toronto FC; Brampton, Ont.), Joshua Sargent (Scott Gallagher Missouri; O'Fallen, Mo.), Tonny Temple (IMG Academy; Millville, Pa.), Timothy Weah (Paris Saint-Germain F.C.; Rosedale, N.Y.)
SAN FRANCISCO -- Los Angeles Clippers guard Chris Paul participated in shootaround Thursday and will start Game 3 against the Golden State Warriors despite dealing with an injured right hamstring.
"It's all right," Paul said. "I didn't do a whole lot but I'll be ready for tonight."
When asked if he anticipated playing the whole game Paul said, "I hope so. As long as [coach] Doc [Rivers] will let me."
Rivers has restricted Paul, who injured his hamstring in Game 1, and Clippers guard Jamal Crawford over the past two days. Crawford re-injured his left calf in the first half of Game 2 but will play Thursday.
"Jamal is OK but he didn't do a lot," Rivers said. "We knew this coming in. He played two games on it and it's sore so we're just going to see."
Crawford was sidelined for five games with a strained left calf at the end of the season. It was the same injury that sidelined him for eight of nine games last month.
"I got lots and lots of treatment," Crawford said. "The calf limits you a lot. It happened in the first half of the last game and I pulled myself out. I just felt it and I knew. It's discouraging but you just got to get through it. It's the playoffs. I'll be OK. No question. I'm playing."
Professor John Banzhaf, public interest law professor at George Washington University, appeared on Friday's Breitbart News Daily to talk about his latest article, “Trump May Trim PC Excesses and Wussification on Campuses.”
SiriusXM host Alex Marlow ran through some of the more ridiculous methods people on the Left have employed to cope with their emotional devastation after the 2016 election, most of which involve treating grown men and women like small children, giving them toys and puppies to work out their anxiety.
“I'm not at all surprised that they're getting so upset about political developments because they do this in other areas,” said Prof. Banzhaf. “I ran across one where a woman actually went for counseling because her roommate used the word ‘bitch' with respect to her. Two other students ran in for counseling because they saw a mouse, and they needed counseling.”
“Others have talked about a national pantywaist crisis, political correctness run amok, a generation of young people that have never had the opportunity to solve their own problems,” he noted. “They don't seem to have as much grit as previous generations. We have helicopter parents; kid gets anything less than an A, and not only is the kid upset, the parents are swooping in. So when it comes to something which, you know, can be a little bit more upsetting than a mouse – which is our national election and people who are being appointed – it is not at all surprising that they're acting like that.”
“The point that I tried to make in my piece is, it's bad enough when it happens at the undergraduate level. But when it happens in a law school, like the University of Michigan, where they had Play-Doh and bubbles and so on, it is much more serious because those kids are adults. You could maybe see it in an 18-year-old, away from home for the first time. Okay, they're a little upset. But 23-year-olds who have gone through four years of college, and they're still demanding Play-Doh in order to function? That's wrong,” Banzhaf declared.
Marlow disagreed only in that he thought even high school students and college freshmen should not be coddled and infantilized this way. Banzhaf concurred with the notion that treating young adults like pre-schoolers “makes them think like pre-schoolers.”
“We have many psychological studies that say if teachers treat somebody a certain way, they're going to tend to act that way,” Banzhaf said. “But again, I agree with you that it shouldn't be happening at the lower levels, but it's more serious – and then also, think of the majors. If it turns out that, in grad school, physics majors lack fortitude, history majors were wusses, geology majors were pantywaists, it wouldn't be too serious because we don't demand that kind of thing.”
“But when it happens to law students, it means we will have, we're already having, a generation of wuss lawyers who cannot provide effective representation for individuals in court and agencies elsewhere,” he argued. “It means not just the individuals, but the causes – you know, so many of our important issues wind up being resolved in courts, whether that's gun rights or transgender rights or religious liberties. So if somebody representing a religious liberty isn't effectively represented by that lawyer, lots of people could be affected. We have important topics which are no longer being discussed, so kids are graduating from law school not knowing anything about rape or affirmative action or executions, which means not only are they ineffective, but it also means the professors who teach those courses are no longer doing that research.”
“And then, finally, the one I think you and I would be most concerned about is that we have a generation of lawyers – and also undergrads – who are so supersensitive to any words, they are obviously less respectful, less concerned about the First Amendment, more willing to censor speech, more willing to censor speakers, keep them off campus, disinvite them, shout them down when they're there. And these law students who are going to be the presidents of universities, and faculty, and administrators, advisers, they're going to say: ‘Well yeah, of course it may be protected by the First Amendment, but you can't have somebody like X coming on campus and saying such horrible things about our students,'” Banzhaf warned.
Marlow mentioned a story about San Francisco's teachers union producing an anti-Trump curriculum in which public school children are to be taught that “a racist and sexist man has become the president of our country by pandering to a huge racist and sexist base.” Confusingly, the lesson plan also advises teachers not to tell their students that Hillary Clinton lost the election.
“Well, Alex, let's not be surprised about this,” Banzhaf responded. “This is the same generation where they grew up playing sports, but nobody ever won. Not telling them Hillary lost is like telling them that your team didn't lose, whether you get more points – actually, they don't even count points in many of these cases – but the kids are playing soccer or some other sport, and they tell them both sides won, and everybody gets trophies just for showing up. Well, of course they're going to have this kind of attitude. We should not be at all surprised.”
He pointed out that the second part of his new article expressed “the hope that once Trump comes in, this can be changed, and by his pen and his bully pulpit, in what some might think of as a kind of poetic justice because he's causing so much of this, that he can reverse it.”
In other words, Banzhaf suggested that “by cutting back on the requirements that we have to deal with rape to the point where people's rights are upset, by cutting back on the federal pressure to stamp out every arguably racist, sexist statement on campus, and so on, we can fight back.”
“And he can use his bully pulpit and not only address topics which probably haven't been addressed very much – like police killings, or the downside of affirmative action, or the need for religious liberty, or the other side of the transgender issue – but when he speaks out, I think he may encourage those on campus, and I mean both faculty and students, who have been silent because of the pressures,” Banzhaf added. “Once he speaks out, they may be encouraged to do so, or at the very least, it provides a basis for the discussion of topics we don't often hear about on campus.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Ernest Belfort Bax (; 23 July 1854 – 26 November 1926) was an English barrister, journalist, philosopher, men's rights advocate, socialist, and historian.
Biography [ edit ]
Ernest Belfort Bax was born on 23 July 1854, in Leamington Spa, son of wealthy garment manufacturers and traditionalist nonconformist parents. In his Reminiscences and Reflexions of a Mid and Late Victorian (1918), he describes the narrow Evangelicanism and Sabbatarianism in which he was brought up which he describes as having left "an enduringly unpleasant reminiscence behind it".[1]
He was privately educated by tutors between the years 1864–1875, and influenced by George Lewes, William Lecky, Alexander Bain, Herbert Spencer and John Stuart Mill, which contributed to his dedication to rationalism. At the age of sixteen his interest in public affairs was awakened by the Franco-German War, and by its sequel, the Commune. His political ideas during this period amounted to a commonplace radicalism combined with aspirations to economic equality.
In his youth Bax had an interest in music and could play the piano, and at the age of 21 (1875) he went to Germany to study music. He visited there again in 1880 as Berlin correspondent of The Standard. It was then that he met with Eduard von Hartmann and came into contact with German philosophy in general. After studying for a period, his interest in Mill, Spencer and Bain yielded to the German greats of Kant and Hegel, and his philosophical interests remained with him for life.[2][3]
Studies in philosophy [ edit ]
In 1880 at the age of 26, Bax began studying philosophy in Germany, beginning with Kant and Hegel. In 1883 he produced an English translation of Kant's Prolegomena, and Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science, and in 1884 he wrote his Handbook to the History of Philosophy, which was published in 1885 for Bohn's Philosophical Library.
Later philosophical works by Bax include The Problem of Reality (1892), The Roots of Reality: Being Suggestions for a Philosophical Reconstruction (1907), Problems of Men, Mind and Morals (1912), and The Real, The Rational, and The Alogical (1920).[2][3][4]
Men's rights advocacy [ edit ]
Bax was a passionate advocate for the social and legal rights of men, which he saw as lacking in comparison to the legal rights of women. His first major article on the subject was Some Bourgeois Idols; Or Ideals, Reals, and Shams (1886), in which he proposed that women were privileged under law at the expense of men.[5] He was to continue writing articles on this topic for most of his life, published notably in Social Democrat, and Justice, and later in The New Age.[6]
In 1896, he wrote The Legal Subjection of Men[7] whose title is a play on John Stuart Mill's 1869 essay "The Subjection of Women." In the volume Bax draws on his extensive experience as a barrister to demonstrate the numerous ways in which the legal code worked in favour of women and to the detriment of men and boys. Chapters in the book include 'Matrimonial Privileges of Women', 'Non-Matrimonial Privileges of Women', 'The Actual Exercise of Women's Sex Privileges', and 'A Sex Noblesse'.[7]
Bax was an active antifeminist since, according to him, feminism was failing to address inequities for both sexes evenly. According to Bax, the "anti-man crusades" of his day were responsible for anti-man laws being both preserved from the old legal canon, and for new laws being passed that were also anti-male and sexist.[7] Bax wrote many articles in The New Age and elsewhere about English laws partial to women against men, and women's privileged position before the law, and expressed his view that women's suffrage would unfairly tip the balance of power to women.[8] In 1913 he published a book, The Fraud of Feminism,[9] detailing feminism's adverse effects.
Bax's concern for men's equality fuelled his interest in socialism, to which he turned for a potential solution to what he viewed as the exploitation of males by the capitalist system:
"The highest development of modern capitalism, as exemplified in the English-speaking countries, has placed man to all intents and purposes, legally under the heel of woman. So far as the relations of the sexes are concerned, it would be the task of Socialism to emancipate man from this position, if sex-equality be the goal aimed at. The first step on the road towards such equality would necessarily consist in the abolition of modern female privilege."[7]:63
Socialism [ edit ]
Bax was first introduced to socialism while studying philosophy in Germany in 1879. He combined socialist ideas with those of Immanuel Kant, Arthur Schopenhauer and Eduard von Hartmann. Keen to explore possible metaphysical and ethical implications of socialism, he came to describe a "religion of socialism" as a means to overcome the dichotomy between the personal and the social, and also that between the cognitive and the emotional. He saw this as a replacement for organised religion, and was a fervent atheist, keen to free workers from what he saw as the moralism of the middle-class.
Bax moved to Berlin and worked as a journalist on the Evening Standard. On his return to England in 1882, he joined the SDF, but grew disillusioned and in 1885 left to form the Socialist League with William Morris. After anarchists gained control of the League, he rejoined the SDF, and became the chief theoretician, and editor of the party paper Justice. He opposed the party's participation in the Labour Representation Committee, and eventually persuaded them to leave.
Almost throughout his life, he saw economic conditions as ripe for socialism, but felt this progress was delayed by a lack of education of the working class. Bax supported Karl Kautsky over Eduard Bernstein, but Kautsky had little time for what he saw as Bax's utopianism, and supported Theodore Rothstein's efforts to spread a more orthodox Marxism in the SDF.
Initially very anti-nationalist, Bax came to support the British in World War I, but by this point he was concentrating on his career as a barrister and did little political work.[10]
Historian [ edit ]
As well as his contributions to philosophy, men's rights, and socialism, Bax published several in depth historical studies of individuals, and cultures. He records in his Reminiscences that he always felt, from childhood on, the need of an intelligible doctrine of history.[2]
Among his historical works are: Jean-Paul Marat: The People's Friend (1879), German Society at the Close of the Middle Ages (1894), The Social Side of the Reformation in Germany (1894), The Peasants' War in Germany (1899), The Rise and Fall of the Anabaptists (1903), The Last Episode of the French Revolution (1911), and German Culture Past and Present (1913).
Works [ edit ]
Inside cover of Legal Subjection of Men, first published 1896
He wrote the following books on various subjects:
By Bob Mackin
Published July 15, 2013 07:30 pm |
NDP leader Adrian Dix accused the BC Liberals in Question Period on July 15 of plotting to bribe a disgruntled staffer.
An unnamed employee who was involved in the so-called "Quick Wins" Multicultural Outreach Strategy scandal had information that "would damage the Premier and the (Liberal) party," according to a Sept. 18, 2012 email by then-multiculturalism communications director Brian Bonney. The email was included in the post-election dump of nearly 8,000 pages that were gathered for the March 14-released, in-house review by John Dyble, deputy minister to Premier Christy Clark.
"The email has another disturbing and separate element," Dix said. "It goes on to advise that if the initial efforts of the former minister, the member for Richmond-Steveston (John Yap); MLA (Harry) Bloy; and partisan staffer Brian Bonney to silence the staffer were unsuccessful, there was a plan for money to be offered. Again let me quote from the government's document, one they chose not to release prior to the election: 'If need be, offer X dollars per month to do non-public work up to the election.'"
Yap resigned before the Dyble report was released, but won re-election and was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to Attorney General Suzanne Anton, responsible for the liquor review. Yap's successor as multiculturalism minister is rookie Richmond Centre MLA Teresa Wat. During Question Period, she repeated talking points that were prepared in March, after the scandal erupted.
"I would like to start by saying that the outreach strategy draft document is wrong," Wat said. "The language and ideas contained in the draft document are all wrong. Our Premier has shown strong leadership and has taken responsibility by ordering a full review of this incident. A full report was delivered, and the government has accepted all the recommendations. I think we have to move forward, put this aside and try to focus on multiculturalism. Multiculturalism is our priority, and the diverse communities are our competitive advantage. They are a bridge to the Pacific, and I'm going to engage them and work to the benefit of British Columbia."
Finance Minister Mike de Jong also brushed aside the questions.
"Having said to the public that a mistake was made and we're taking steps to correct it… The public said on May 14: 'Premier, you and the BC Liberal Party are going to be re-elected as a free enterprise government.'"
Opposition house leader John Horgan said that if Clark had "taken full responsibility," the Quick Wins documents would have been released before the election. He unsuccessfully challenged Anton to rise and answer whether the Criminal Justice Branch was consulted.
The Liberals paid $70,000 from the party's CIBC general account to the Comptroller General on March 14, representing half of Bonney's annual pay. Bonney and former deputy chief of staff Kim Haakstad, however, both worked on the Liberal re-election campaign. In June, Liberal aides Fiera Lo and Blair Phelps were both rehired, despite being among the group of staffers who breached government code of conduct rules that prohibit party work on government time.
The Bonney email about the disgruntled staffer was mixed among lengthy and heavily redacted email exchanges between Bonney and Sepideh Sarrafpour, a government caucus liaison from October 2011 to October 2012. A Sept. 21, 2012 email from Sarrafpour to Bonney was censored in full.
An Oct. 29, 2012 email by Bonney to a person whose identity was censored included a copy of a July 8-9 chain of correspondence between Sarrafpour and him.
"Just going through e-mail and found this, (personal information). I often would talk to her on the phone rather than write back..." Bonney wrote on his Gmail account, which he employed in order to avoid his email being found by Freedom of Information requesters.
Bonney: "I am so confused -- let's talk."
Sarrafpour: "I can't talk now. People around me. Will talk later."
Bonney: "When can we talk then... this is urgent Sepideh..."
Sarrafpour's profile for her locked Twitter account lists her as a "Peace Activist, The 2012 Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal Recipient, North Vancouver Museum & Archives Commissioner, B.C. Muslim Council, FANS Board of Director."
Bonney, Yap, Bloy and Clark were among the 27 people who were interviewed for the Dyble report between March 1 and 6. Sarrafpour was not on the list of interviewees.
**UPDATE, July 16, 8:50 p.m.
Sarrafpour did not respond to an emailed interview request or a message sent via the North Vancouver Museum and Archives.
The bribery allegation dominated Question Period on July 16.
"Now, the minister has had the opportunity to be fully briefed," said NDP leader Adrian Dix. "Can the minister tell this House what damaging information there was to the premier and to the Liberal party that the government officials were attempting to hide?"
Wat said the email "suggests actions that would be inappropriate, reinforcing the findings of the Dyble report. Despite the allegation brought forward by many members of the Opposition yesterday and again by the Leader of the Opposition today, the review team found no evidence -- no evidence whatsoever -- that the suggestions highlighted were ever considered or acted upon by the government."
Dix asked whether Dyble contacted and interviewed the target of the Bonney email, but Wat gave no direct answer.
"Clearly, this review wasn't exhaustive, thorough or comprehensive," Dix said. "I mean, the answer to the question I just asked the minister is pretty clear. They didn't bother to contact the person. It wasn't thorough. I mean, either the review was conducted by Inspector Clouseau, which clearly isn't the case given the individuals involved, who are very senior people, or they didn't ask the questions. They didn't pursue the email. This happens to be the case."
Vancouver journalist Bob Mackin is a frequent contributor to The Tyee.
Karina Petri, founder of Project Flint, said grassroots organizations like hers are struggling to find a voice for residents who have given up, some of whom have gone back to using the tainted water because they no longer care about the health consequences.
Almost a year after President Obama declared a state of emergency in Flint, the crisis continues to affect people there.
Bill Pugliano/Getty Images
There's a lot of blame to go around and still no clean water in Flint, Michigan, where four more officials were charged Tuesday for their failure to protect people from health hazards caused by contaminated drinking water, bringing the total charged this year to 13.
The charges come as activists in Flint see despair setting in among residents who have lived through the public health nightmare.
Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette charged two former state emergency managers, Darnell Earley and Gerald Ambrose, with multiple 20-year felonies for their failure to protect Flint citizens from health hazards caused by contaminated drinking water, according to a news release. Earley and Ambrose reported directly to Republican Gov. Rick Snyder.
Former city executives Howard Croft and Daugherty Johnson were charged with false pretenses and conspiracy to commit false pretenses related to their roles in issuing bonds to pay for a part of the Karegnondi Water Authority (KWA) pipeline project, which would not be possible without the funding, the release stated.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
“All too prevalent and very evident during the course of this investigation has been a fixation on finances and balance sheets,” Schuette said in a press conference. “This fixation has cost lives. This fixation came with the expense of protecting the health and safety of Flint. It's all about numbers over people, money over health.”
A plan due in May will include strategies to improve distribution, enhance water quality, and minimize water main breaks, according to Arcadis, an engineering and design firm contracted by the city in response to concerns by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality.
Schuette has filed 43 criminal charges in the Flint water investigation, which has conducted interviews with about 200 witnesses.
“The crisis in Flint was a casualty of arrogance, disdain and a failure of management. An absence of accountability. We will proceed to deliver justice and hold those accountable who broke the law,” Schuette said in the release.
While Schuette is bringing charges, the State of Michigan is fighting a judge's order to deliver water door to door. This is indicative of the “selective justice” Flint is receiving, said Nayyirah Shariff, executive director of Flint Rising, a grassroots organization formed in February to educate residents about the public health crisis.
“We are still using bottled water and paying the highest rates in the country for water we cannot use,” she told Rewire in a phone interview.
The Flint Rising coalition has demanded the government replace all damaged service lines and reimburse water bills dating back to April 2014 until the water is safe. The group also demands health and education services for all.
Flint residents continue to grapple with an issue that some say isn't just about water in what is one of the poorest cities in the country.
The public health crisis started in April 2014 when Flint switched its water supply from the Detroit water system's Lake Huron to the Flint River. Regulators failed to ensure proper treatment, exposing 100,000 people—who were overwhelmingly Black with low incomes—to toxic levels of lead in their tap water, which can cause permanent neurological damage in young children.
Almost a year after President Obama declared a state of emergency in Flint, the crisis continues to affect people there.
Many residents will never use tap water again even if the pipes were replaced overnight, said Michael Hood, executive director of Crossing Water, which has provided emergency response services in Flint since January.
“The state has muddied, and I would even say bloodied, the waters to such a degree that residents won't even let (government) officials on their porches,” he said.
Hood, who has conducted filter checks in the city, estimated that more than half of those who have water filters don't have them fitted right or working properly. Once the state stops providing free bottled water, Flint residents with low incomes will have to make the choice between buying bottled water and paying for their health care, rent, car payments, and more.
“The long-term psychological impact and economic impact is devastating. You couldn't ask for a worse scenario,” he said.
Karina Petri, founder of Project Flint, said grassroots organizations like hers are struggling to find a voice for residents who have given up, some of whom have gone back to using the tainted water because they no longer care about the health consequences.
“They are extremely exhausted. Some of them don't want to wake up in the morning any more but they do because of their children,” she told Rewire. “They don't believe their lives are worth anything. So it's important for people like me to keep fighting for them.”
Meanwhile, Congressional Republicans last week quietly ended the year-long investigation into Flint, over the protests of Democrats. Obama signed a $10 billion water infrastructure bill Friday allocating $170 million to address the lead problem there. Flint activists decried the allocation as far too little to address the human costs of the man-made water crisis.
The funding comes late, and it is not nearly enough to address a problem that is far from over. With a new administration in January, Shariff said she fears that Flint will be forgotten, along with any hopes of future funding. Donations have already dried up as Flint has faded from the headlines.
“This is a multi-generational issue,” Shariff said. “If we can't get Flint right now, there will be many more Flints happening around the country.”
In a recent investigation of lead testing results, Reuters found almost 3,000 areas across the United States with poisoning rates far higher than Flint's. More than 1,100 of these communities had a rate of elevated blood tests at least four times higher than Flint's, but have received little attention or funding.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article misspelled Michael Hood's last name. In addition, a sentence on how Flint residents “will have to make the choice between buying bottled water and paying for their health care, rent, car payments, and more” has been updated slightly for accuracy. We regret these errors.
A San Bernardino County judge has expressed doubt about the mental competence of a Fontana man accused of a hate crime in the fatal baseball-bat beating of a 54-year-old grandfather in Rialto this week.
Police say Jeremiah Bell, 22, went out Sunday looking to attack "anybody who wasn't black." On a residential street just a short walk from his apartment, they say, Bell, who is black, found Armando Barron, who is Latino, walking home from the grocery store, and attacked him about 2:30 p.m.
Barron died of his injuries at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center on Thursday, the same day that Bell appeared in court to be arraigned on attempted murder charges with an enhancement for use of a deadly weapon. He was also charged with a hate crime.
During the hearing, Superior Court Judge Jon D. Ferguson ordered the proceedings delayed until a court-appointed psychiatrist could evaluate Bell, court minutes show. He had pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors plan to file murder charges against Bell once reports confirming Barron's death are submitted, a district attorney's spokesman said.
Bell is due back in court June 9.
Rialto Police Det. Sgt. Paul Stella said he had no information indicating Bell may have been mentally incompetent.
Javier Hernandez, who lives across the street from where the attack happened, said he had just gotten home Sunday with his 6-year-old daughter when she told him she saw a man hitting someone.
Hernandez turned and saw the beating. He shouted "Hey," he said, and the aggressor tossed his bat and ran.
Barron was left bloody and dazed, Hernandez said. Police said he was struck several times on the head with the bat.
Another neighbor caught the attack on a home security camera, which helped police identify the suspect.
Barron's family has launched an online campaign to raise funds for his medical and funeral expenses.
"Our father was a loving and noble person, who was tragically assaulted based on the color of his skin," they say on the website. "He taught us to be loving and see beyond color."
Barron was on his way home to watch soccer when he was attacked, the family said in the post.
People often pass through the neighborhood, which straddles the border between Fontana and Rialto, on their way to and from the grocery store, residents said. Occasionally, someone will leave a stolen car on the street or have a loud argument. But for the most part, they said, it's a quiet place that many neighbors have called home for decades.
"For whatever reason," said resident Ron Carty, who has lived in the neighborhood for 20 years, some people "get up in the morning and decide they're going to do something to someone."
Bell was arrested at his Fontana apartment Monday and is being held on $1-million bail.
I enjoy finding and reading lore books in game. The lore is absolutely integral to a "world" feeling for me, so I hope that it will be accessible to the "normal guy". Often much of the interesting lore is hidden behind difficult group or raid encounters, which can lead to "gaps" in the available lore (if you don't raid for example). Understandably you will learn most about the mad wizard when you visit the mad wizard's laboratory or library, but stories about the worlds history should be available more readily.
As for quest texts, I also like reading through these. However, recent MMOs have dampened my enthusiasm since they a) throw hundreds of quests at you, and b) many of these "quests" are more of the same you've done already. In addition, the quest dialogues of today's games lead to a simple click and accept mentality. All of this should be far less pronounced in Pantheon (fewer but meaningful quests, quest text has to be read because you need to get the next keywords to ask the NPC). I'm certainly hoping this will help :)
That said, I would like to ask wether it is already more clear how you will handle those keywords: Will there be highlighting for them? Will you be able to click a keyword instead of typing it? There was a discussion on this a while ago, but I think there was no "final word" on this topic :) IMO its a good idea to highlight the keywords in the quest text. Otherwise it will be too easy to miss quests. However, clicking on highlighted words again might lead to the "click through" mentality (otoh, lets be honest...who will type full sentences for every keyword?).
Marijuana has become an important issue in this provincial election. Questions about marijuana policy have been raised by the public over and over again, at all-candidates meetings across the province, and even during the televised debate.
Together with the replies we received from candidates, and other comments about marijuana made in the media, we have compiled this Sensible BC Voters Guide, to help you better understand where B.C. parties and candidates stand on the question of marijuana policy and decriminalization in our province.
CANNABIS QUESTIONNAIRE
We began by sending a questionnaire to all candidates and parties in this election.
We asked three questions about marijuana enforcement and policing in B.C.
1) Given that policing is provincial jurisdiction, do you think that the doubling of marijuana possession charges over the past six years was the right policy for British Columbia? If elected, would you work to reverse this trend, or continue it?
2) Would you support effectively decriminalizing marijuana possession in B.C. through the Sensible Policing Act, if it won a referendum? Given that it has such strong public support, why should a referendum be necessary?
3) Given that alcohol and tobacco are primarily regulated by the provincial government, would you support having the province initiate a commission to study appropriate regulations for a legal B.C. marijuana industry?
NEW DEMOCRATS
The BC NDP have become more comfortable in stating their support for marijuana decriminalization over the past few years. The BC NDP provincial council actually passed a policy resolution pledging their firm support for legalization in 2006 (I know because I wrote it and helped shepherd it through), but unfortunately it doesn't get talked about much.
During the televised debate, when the marijuana question was raised, Adrian Dix was clear in his support for decriminalization. He added that Harper's mandatory minimum sentences were going to cause problems here in BC.
However, Dix also said that marijuana was solely a federal issue and didn't pledge to take any sort of action at the provincial level.
Here are the replies sent from the NDP headquarters to our three questions:
1) The BC NDP believes that marijuana should be decriminalized, but marijuana is regulated by the Federal government and any change would have to be made at the Federal level. The Provincial Government has no authority to circumvent the Federal Government on the administration of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
We are concerned that the federal government's pushing ahead with mandatory prison terms for possession of marijuana could cause a significant spike in B.C.'s criminal justice system spending and impact our court system here in B.C. If the NDP forms the next provincial government, we will raise these issues with federal government.
2) A BC NDP government would respect the process for initiative petitions established under the Recall and Initiative Act for a draft Sensible Policing Act. We support this process as a legitimate means for voters to propose new laws or changes to existing laws.
3) The BC NDP is not considering initiating a commission to study appropriate regulations for a legal B.C. marijuana industry.
A few individual NDP candidates also sent in personal comments, while others have been in the media over the past several months, talking about marijuana and Sensible BC.
Terry Platt, candidate for West Vancouver - Capilano, said "my feelings about decriminalizing marijuana are the same as the Marijuana Party," and compared the prohibition of marijuana to the harmful prohibition of alcohol.
Robin Austin, NDP MLA for Skeena, spoke at the recent 4/20 rally in Terrace, telling the crowd that he supported regulated marijuana sales, and that the marijuana industry could provide jobs and tax revenue.
"I'm hoping that Sensible BC will be able to achieve their goal just as those who opposed the HST were," added Austin.
Nicholas Simons, MLA for Powell River - Sunshine Coast, has spoken out on marijuana issues repeatedly over the years. He has been very supportive of Sensible BC, and spoke at our first public forum in Victoria in September 2012. He has also called for medical marijuana to be covered by the B.C. Medical Services Plan.
David Eby is taking on Christy Clark for the NDP in Vancouver - Point Grey. As the former Director of the BC Civil Liberties Association he has long been a voice for legalization of marijuana, as well as a non-criminal, health-based approach to drug use in general.
Jenny Kwan, MLA for Vancouver - Mount Pleasant, has also been a long-time advocate for sensible marijuana laws. She has worked with NDP MP Libby Davies on issues around medical marijuana access, helped to ensure the success of InSite, and has spoken out for better drug laws in Canada.
Overall, the BC NDP and their candidates support marijuana law reform, and are sympathetic to the ideas of decriminalization or legalization. Some of them want to make this issue a priority, but Adrian Dix and the party's inner circle are reluctant to take action.
LIBERALS
Unlike the NDP, there is a broad range of opinion on marijuana between the BC Liberal candidates. Some are very progressive, others support prohibition, and the leadership just wants to avoid the issue.
Liberal headquarters sent a two-sentence response to our questionnaire:
We believe that the federal government is responsible for regulating marijuana, and any changes to the current structure must be initiated by them. Today's BC Liberals are focused on controlling spending and growing the economy to keep taxes low for British Columbia's families and businesses.
During the debate, Christy Clark mocked Dix for saying he supported decriminalization. She otherwise ignored the question and just said she wanted to grow the economy.
Darryl Plecas, Liberal candidate in Abbotsford South, has long been an advocate of stricter sentences for marijuana offences. He's a criminologist who works primarily for the RCMP as an advocate of prohibition. Last September, he helped present the anti-decriminalization side at a debate sponsored by the Union of BC Municipalities, telling the gathered mayors that "smoking marijuana is stupid and you become stupider."
Steve Finlay, one of the two BC Marijuana Party candidates running in this election, is facing off against Plecas - specifically targeting the drug warrior for his prohibitionist stance.
Jeff Kuah, Liberal candidate in Burnaby-Edwards, is a former police officer and has also said he is staunchly against legalization.
In contrast, former Vancouver Mayor Sam Sullivan, running for the Liberals in Vancouver - False Creek, is known for a progressive view on drug policy. Sullivan recently called for "the development and delivery of alternative marijuana legislation," and pledged "to initiate an intelligent public policy debate on the legalization of marijuana."
Greg Garbula, running in Nelson-Creston, and Kevin Krueger, Liberal MLA for Kamloops - South Thompson, have both also come out for marijuana reform. In a recent interview, Krueger said "if Canadians want to indulge the way they apparently do, I don't think we should put them in jail for it." He added that prohibition fuels organized crime and called on Harper to reconsider his prohibitionist position.
Other BC Liberals seemed open to the idea but needed more information. Walter Anderson, Liberal candidate for Nanaimo, had some questions about why marijuana possession charges might have doubled in B.C., but also indicated his support for a provincial commission on marijuana reform.
Even if the Liberals don't form government, they will still have a strong impact on how the next NDP government will deal with marijuana. If the Liberal caucus includes some MLAs who support decriminalization, it will be much easier for the NDP to take action. But an opposition that includes anti-cannabis crusaders like Plecas and Kuah will attack the NDP if it moves to make change.
CONSERVATIVES
The real surprise this election has been the many Conservative candidates who have come out in favor of marijuana law reform.
For the most part, we didn't hear back from Conservatives about our questionnaire. However, leader John Cummins expressed cautious support for decriminalization during the televised debate, and later told reporters "I don't see making a criminal out of somebody who has a small quantity of marijuana."
Conservative candidate Bill Clarke (Vancouver Quilchena), has said he wants to see marijuana legalized, while Duane Nickull (Vancouver-Point Grey) and Greg Kazakoff (Oak Bay - Gordon Head), have both stated their support for decriminalization.
Kazakoff did reply to our questions, and told us "it is high time to stop making criminals out of an entire generation of people." He added that Sensible BC has his "full support."
GREEN PARTY
The Greens undeniably have the strongest position on marijuana reform.
They are the only one of the main four parties to have marijuana specifically in their platform. Along with other harm-reduction policies and prescription heroin for addicts, the Green Party platform pledges to "work toward regulation and control of the production and distribution of cannabis through licensed outlets."
During the TV debate, Jane Sterk said her party would treat drug use as a health issue and not a criminal one, and work to change marijuana prohibition.
Many Green Party candidates wrote back to our questionnaire with thoughtful responses. All supported decriminalization or legalization of marijuana, and all said that, if elected, they would work to take action on the issue regardless of our referendum campaign's success.
Jodie Emery, Green candidate for Vancouver West-End, is an outspoken marijuana activist and wife of imprisoned "Prince of Pot" Marc Emery. Over the past few years she has become one of Canada's most recognized figures working for marijuana reform. Her place as a Green candidate also shows their solid support for this issue.
CONCLUSION
There is an unprecedented level of political support for marijuana reform in BC. There is no other issue on which so many candidates from all four major parties are in agreement.
This matches recent polling done by Sensible BC, which showed majority support for decriminalization among every age group, every demographic group and every political affiliation in our province.
The challenge will be to convince our next government to take action, and decriminalize at the provincial level. British Columbia can decriminalize possession, and the time is right for our next Premier to take this important first step towards a sensible marijuana law.
Whatever your political affiliation, I encourage you to push your candidates and your party to take a stronger position on this issue. Let's make sure that every single candidate running in this election knows that marijuana policy is an area where we expect action, and not merely words.
Source:nrk.no (Norwegian)
Note that there's also a video on the site - it's in Norwegian but the meeting between the two and the interview afterward was conducted in English so it's easy enough to follow along.
Utviklingsminister Erik Solheim (SV) er den første vestlige ministeren som fikk møte den omstridte presidenten på sju år.
Norge er klar til å gjenoppta bistanden, sier Solheim.
Development Minister Erik Solheim is the first western minister to have met with the controversial president in seven years.Norway is ready to resume the aid, said Solheim.
– Men det forutsetter at landet holder orden i eget hus. Jeg har sagt til Mugabe at han må innfri kravene om ytringsfrihet og større frihet for mediene, noe dette møte åpner for, og at han må løslate politiske fanger, fortsatte Solheim.
- But this is under the assumption that the country is keeping order in its own house. I have said to Mugabe that he must fulfill the requirements on freedom of expression and greater freedom for the media, something that this meeting was held for, and that he must release political prisoners, continued Solheim.
Men da ristet Mugabe synlig irritert på hodet.
But then Mugabe shook his head, visibly irritated.
Mugabe og hans parti ZANU-PF nekter for at det det er eller noen gang har vært politiske fanger i Zimbabwe.
Mugabe and his party (ZANU-PF) deny that there are or ever have been political prisoners in Zimbabwe.
- Vi har pressefrihet. Men det må jo være noen regler også. Vi kan ikke bare åpne opp for enhver som vil skrive skandaløse ting. Så hva skal vi med mediereformer? sier presidenten.
- We have press freedom. But there must be some rules there as well. We can't just open up for anyone who wants to write scandalous things. So what will we do with media reform? said the president.
- Dersom Vesten ikke aksepterer at vi er en suveren stat, vil vi ikke ha noe med dem å gjøre. De kan bare henge seg, sier han.
- If the West doesn't accept that we are a sovereign state, then we won't have anything to do with them. They can hang themselves, he said.
And then in English in the article:
«If they don't accept it, yes of course, they can go hang. If they haven't hung since then. Tell them I still want them to hang.»
It must be interesting to work in a recycling plant, especially one that has mammoth companies like Microsoft providing some of the business. Some of the stuff that comes through is no doubt interesting, such as 70,000 copies of a certain office product. If you were given these perfectly good copies to recycle, would you think that you could get away with selling them on the black market?
It seems that some employees at Global Electronics Recycling did, or at least thought that it was worth the chance. It's not said when the incident went down, but Microsoft had given this enormous number of copies of Office 2010 to this plant to recycle, at which point employees sold them and reportedly made millions in the process.
For Microsoft, this incident involves two concerns. For starters, anyone who bought one of these copies of Office did not receive a legal version, and second, while this loss might not be substantial to Microsoft's revenue, it has to protect its trademark at all costs. The company could have technically let this go, but if it did, it could have faced losing battles in the future. If you have a trademark, you have no choice but to fight tooth and nail to protect it.
This isn't the first time Microsoft has had to sue a recycling plant, and it probably won't be the last. However, because of our shift away from disc media, the chances of this happening are going to be quite low.
The Bitcoin Formula: Energy / Time = Truth
Bitcoin is an Information Network backed by Energy Divided by Time
The Bitcoin network uses energy with a 10 minute average checkpoint “measurement” to secure the Blockchain, using a “guesswork” algorithm* – to make sure nothing can hack it. Bitcoin uses the concept of “proof-of-work” where computers “work” trying to find a cryptographic solution to confirm a “block” of transactions. The results prove they've “worked” (spent energy) in the process.
The results prove not only that time has passed but also confirm that the information time-stamped into the blockchain is “true” (in a general sense; it proves that events have occurred to create the information in question). The more power you put into the network the more secure it is (the more “true” is its history).
ELI50: Bitcoin “Explained As If I Was 50” (the philosophical version):
Information is more valuable when it's true rather than false, and the more power (energy divided by time) you put into the network the more you can trust it.
The guesswork algorithm result (the Proof-Of-Work) is important here as there are only two forms of security in this world; power or secrets. Secrets leak, it's just a question of time. In physics power is defined as the rate of doing work. [WIKI LINK]. Work can be defined as force. Historically the powers in be written history. They've had to use force to secure their power. These are just laws of nature. So; Bitcoin is powered by the laws of nature.
This is why it does not matter that competitors (altcoins) to the Bitcoin network tries to come up with other solutions to secure the truth, like Proof-Of-Stake (PoS, the planned system for Ethereum for instance). A stake is something you put up, by definition. You have to secure it with a secret (a pass phrase). If you try to devise a plan to have 100 “judges” to randomly decide on the truth (like some altcoins do, including Ripple) you need to secure those “ring of judges”. Those can be, and will be compromised. Again, it's just a question of time.
With Bitcoin time is on our side. To measure energy you need time. These concepts are tightly bound together in our universe. And the Bitcoin network is ultimately a new way of not only proving that time has passed, but also proving what is true (or at least what we humans value as true, when we pay to timestamp it into the blockchain). There are other blockchain-based information networks out there trying to do the same thing as Bitcoin (like Litecoin), but as they do not have access to the same level of power they are not as secure (their “trustworthiness” is lower). And why use a network with less trust when you can use the Bitcoin network to secure your information?
The Bitcoin network's confirmation of “what has happened” (in the Bitcoin network) is ongoing 24/7, it happens block by block. Thanks to the fact that the network uses power instead of secrets to secure the truth it's open to anyone and everyone.
In short; the dimension of power is energy divided by time. Power is the rate of doing work. The Bitcoin network works to solve an algorithm which applies a time-sensitive cryptographic proof, a time-stamp, to information.
In this way Bitcoin turns power into truth (security). Without security (truth) you have nothing.
True information is immensely valuable to human beings. These time-stamps will also enable us to trust the machines when they tell us what has happened to them (by time-stamping their own moves into the Blockchain).
But remember; there is no such thing as an “absolute truth”, it depends on your point of view (this is the first lesson in journalism – as well as a well-known fact within quantum physics). Something can be more or less true, it's a range, not an absolute. You could more or less replace every instance of the word “truth” with the word “trustworthiness” in this text. If you understand the Bitcoin network and protocol you'll find that the network provides a kind of truth that's never existed before (at least on this planet, as far as we know). This opens up for prediction markets, and oracles.
A More Trustworthy Currency Is More Valuable
So why is all this important? Because a more trustworthy currency is more valuable than a less trustworthy currency. As you can also timestamp (or “block-stamp”) information (a cryptographic hash of a “real-world” document of information) into the Bitcoin blockchain the Bitcoin “formula” also offers the world a new way of proving what is true (or at least more true than a comparative system using less power).
Applied to information, and the form of randomness (in this case unpredictability is actually a more suitable word) built-in to Bitcoin the competition between miners creates this level of security, i.e: truth, or record-of-events; the blockchain. The blockchain is a new kind of “history” no-one can “rewrite”.
The network's upholders (the miners) are motivated by the reward to direct as much power as possible towards solving the system's unpredictable measurement points (each block “found”). The protocol self-adjusts so that it verifies this amount of power on average every ten minutes. Without that time interval the system would be meaningless for us humans (as we all live in time) – just as we cannot measure energy without a time constant.
It really does not matter how many seconds or minutes long this interval is (it does not matter if block time is 12 seconds or 10 minutes), as the formula reads energy / time = truth. It matters just that it's done according to a protocol that everybody agrees on (you have to agree to participate).
Thanks to this formula everybody using the Bitcoin network can send money (information) to each other, without even knowing the name of each other. The trust is built-in to the network.
So if you must “know the truth” about your transactions of information you must use the Bitcoin network, as there is no better method of proving that a particular piece of information is true.
Anyone can connect and add a piece of information by supporting the network with a fee. In this way every participant in the network can rest assured each unit of information in the network is true – every bitcoin and every satoshi is real.
For clarification; a “truth” in the Bitcoin network is not the same as a “truth” in your head. Let's say you time-stamp the words “the earth is flat” into the Blockchain. Does that make that statement “true”? No, but we can agree that these words have been time-stamped into the Blockchain. We can all trust that those words were stamped there. What those particular words mean in your head is another point entirely. But when it comes to transactions of bitcoins (including time-stamping, digital asset creations, provably fair betting and value-transferring without ID or login, to name a few things) we can all agree on what has happened in the network, we all have access to the same truth. And as more trustworthy information is more valuable than less so, the Bitcoin network will continue to hold on to its lead in all areas where it can offer mechanisms and solutions to all problems it can solve. We may also discover new areas where it can shine; possibly in governance/voting, pegging, decentralized markets and smart contracts. And more.
Other blockchains less safe, even if “pegged”
I am not arguing against developing/deploying other blockchains in general, just against the notion that another chain can surpass the value of the Bitcoin network and currency trying to provide the same mechanism (“reserve currency”, “digital gold”). Other blockchains, like permissioned ledgers (see the Liquid announcement for instance) can work for intended purposes (especially if “pegged” to the Bitcoin Blockchain), but they'll be more costly to protect from hackers (as their nodes/connectors/judges/whatever need secrets for protection) and they won't overtake Bitcoin's role as the main chain. It's up to the stake-holders in those particular chains to decide whether it's worth it to spend money for protection.
In any non-decentralized system, like Ripple, Ethereum, any “bankchain” project etc, the “level of truth” will be lower than in the Bitcoin network, hence; the Bitcoin network is more valuable. You need to anchor (“peg”) your blockchain to the main chain at the very least, to stand a chance in the future onslaught of competitive blockchains (and their currencies) – and combine that pegging with other methods for gaining confidence in the real world. ‘Bankchains' won't be much better than a centralized database, check Datavetaren's reasoning for instance. Secrets are the wrong way.
These are the main reasons why there is no point in trying to copy Bitcoin to provide the same mechanism.
It is just a question of energy divided by time.
/Nanok Ƀie
And here is the ensuing comment thread on Reddit if you'd like to comment.
* Bitcoin derives its value independently and from within
Bitcoin uses the concept of “proof-of-work” where computers “work” trying to find a cryptographic solution to confirm a “block” of transactions. The results prove they've “worked” (spent energy) in the process. The solution triggers the predetermined block reward inflation (currently 25 bitcoins per block, approx. every 10 minutes). In this way the network extracts security from incentivizing participators to continually increase the security of the world's most powerful processing network, while creating intrinsic value from within through its native token's properties (bitcoins). The sheer number of computers participating in the network – its increasing (competitive but collective) “hashrate” – ensures the system's integrity.
This all happens simultaneously using the same mechanism (the proof-of-work mining). Energy must be spent to “mint” each bitcoin. Minting through proof-of-work-mining proves a certain amount of energy was spent at the particular time the bitcoin in question was “minted” (mined). It's the open, decentralized nature of Bitcoin that creates this level of security; open to anyone the constant race among miners positions the network well ahead of any attacker. As a side-effect this vast number of processors (connected to the Bitcoin network via beefy nodes) results in a speedy and always-on network. The only “waste” is heat, and several Bitcoin miners are now looking into harnessing that heat for remote heating of homes and grow houses.
IF, like the founders of some altcoins argue, we could extract another useful mechanism at the same time from this proof-of-work mining then that added “value” (let's say protein-folding) would just further fuel the race between the competitors of the network. You might as well pay for that “added value” on the side with other specialized chips hashing that protein-folding. If you follow this line of reasoning you understand that trying to make the algorithm more “useful” is like trying to create magic, or alchemy. Human greed comes into play (Bitcoin's governance and main USP is the economic majority rule consensus mechanism, not the technological leap in itself alone – however, that insight is still rare it seems).
And this is only today. With bigger blocks and future add-ons like The Lightning Network/Stroem/Othercoin/Sidechains/Linear Types/Extension Blocks the Bitcoin network will process transactions much much cheaper and faster than today (actually for free and at bandwidth capacity regarding transactions per second in payment channels like the Lightning network, until you settle on the chain).
(alternative headline: “Why R3, Blythe Masters, Ethereum's PoS and ‘Bankchains' Are All Wrong and the ‘blockchain without bitcoins'-idea is misguided”.)
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu endorsed calls Sunday for the creation of an independent Kurdish state, saying Israel should strengthen moderate forces in the Middle East to help fend off the advances of extremist Islamist forces.
Speaking at a security conference in Tel Aviv, he also announced plans to erect a security fence from Eilat to the Golan Heights along Israel's eastern border and reiterated that Israeli troops will remain in the Jordan Valley regardless of the outcome of peace talks with the Palestinians.
Recent turmoil in the Middle East — including the territorial gains made by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant — offers Israel the chance to “build an axis for regional collaboration,” the prime minister said. “This is not only a challenge but also an opportunity. We can't solve the conflicts between extremist Sunnis and Shiites, not in Syria or Iraq or elsewhere. These two camps are our bitter foes — the Shiites led by the Iranians and the Sunnis led by al-Qaeda and ISIL. But they are also other people's enemies as well. That is where there is an opportunity for enhanced regional cooperation.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Such cooperation already exists but Israel should act to boost it to prevent harm to itself and moderate Arab states in the region, Netanyahu said. “It is upon us to support the international efforts to strengthen Jordan, and support the Kurds' aspiration for independence. Jordan is a stable, moderate country with a strong army that can defend itself, and it is especially due to this that these international efforts are worthy of supporting it. The same is true for the Kurds: They are fighting people that have proven political commitment and political moderation but they're also worthy of their own political independence.”
Last week, both President Shimon Peres and Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman hinted at an Israeli endorsement of Kurdish aspirations in northern Iraq. Liberman told US Secretary of State John Kerry in Paris that “the establishment of an independent Kurdish state is probably inevitable,” according to a statement released by his office. “The radical forces in Iraq will try to undermine the stability of the entire Gulf area, first of all Kuwait, and Israel can provide support and assistance to the moderate Arab states against the extremists of the Arab world.”
Earlier on Sunday, Netanyahu's former security adviser Yaakov Amidror said that when it came to ISIL in Iraq, Israel should come to Jordan's aid if needed. “If Jordan asks for assistance, we should help,” he said. “We need to help with whatever they may need in order to overcome the problems developing on their eastern borders.”
Jerusalem has not changed its military deployment on its border with Jordan, but is closely watching ISIL's activities in both Iraq and Syria. ISIL, a splinter from al-Qaeda, has taken over wide swaths of Iraqi and Syrian territory, and has been threatening to move on Baghdad as well.
“Now it's obvious why I'm stubbornly asking that our security border should remain along the Jordan River,” Netanyahu said, referring to the turmoil in Syria and Iraq. “Who knows what's going to happen?” ISIL might advance toward Jordan and Israel needs to ensure that terrorists will be unable to infiltrate its territory, he said. (In failed peace talks with the Palestinians in recent months, Kerry had drawn up proposals providing for an eventual Israeli withdrawal from the Jordan Valley.)
On Friday, senior Obama administration officials were quoted as saying that Jordan may ask Israel and the United States to help it fight ISIL if it threatens Amman.
Speaking in Tel Aviv at a conference organized by the Institute for National Security Studies (INSS), Netanyahu also said that “the forces of fanatical Islam are already knocking on our door” and that Israel needs to be proactive to bolster its defense against enemy infiltration.
“The first thing that we need to do is to build a security fence on our eastern border, and to build it gradually all the way from Eilat to merge with the security fence that we've been building over the last two years in the Golan Heights,” he said. “That fence does not hermetically prevent infiltration; it doesn't prevent shooting through the fence as we saw tragically just a week ago; it doesn't prevent barrages of missiles over it, or the digging of tunnels underneath it. But it does narrow down dramatically that permeation” on Israel's border.
The prime minister reiterated that Israel intends to retain control of the Jordan Valley under a future peace agreement with the Palestinians. When Israeli and Palestinians return to the negotiating table – and Netanyahu said he hoped for that to happen – he would demand ironclad security arrangements, along with Palestinian recognition of Israel as a Jewish state and an end to Palestinian anti-Israel incitement.
“We will also have to discuss arrangements that will ensure the continuation of our security control in the territory until the Jordan River line. I simply cannot envision in the foreseeable future anyone else does it, no one else who can do it in our stead — neither Palestinian forces nor international forces. We have seen it time and time again: The former aren't capable of doing it, and the latter leave, sooner or later,” he said.
Ethan Rothstein, our editor-in-chief and chief who is also an editor, asked me to start a weekly column, in which I bring you the Weird Rockets Video of the Week. At first I was like, "Are there really that many videos that I could use," and the answer to that question was yes, yes, an overwhelmingly intense and absolute yes. I don't think we knew what we were getting ourselves into.
Here is this week's video.
Patrick Beverley High School Highlights
VIEWS
23,374
VIDEO DESCRIPTION
Highlights of Marshall guard Patrick Beverley. Class of 2006
Oh, man. Could you imagine playing Patrick Beverley in high school? Do you think you could mentally handle him being the best player on the floor and covering you for the entirety of the game? Think about the best game you've ever played in your whole life. Now, imagine the exact opposite of that because that's what playing against Patrick Beverley in high school would be like.
For some context, Patrick Beverley is a point guard and probably my favorite player on the Houston Rockets. But you knew that. What you might not have known is that 1) he went to Marshall Metropolitan High School in Chicago, 2) he played basketball for the Arkansas Razorbacks before 3) getting drafted in the second round of the 2009 NBA Draft. He'd get cut, play overseas, and grab a deal with the Rockets in 2013. Can you imagine the trash talk coming from Kobe and Bev? Remember that game you imagined before-- the opposite of your best game? Double that.
Admittedly, this video isn't that weird. It's not like Beverley does anything particularly strange, or there's any weird editing, or Jerry Seinfeld or something. I mean, the music is a little dumb, but that's classic high school highlight tapes. This video is weird because we get to see Pat, our defensive specialist, absolutely wreck as a scorer, which is fun and good and important. Every player in the NBA was (probably) the best player on their high school basketball team. But, not all of them had the road to the NBA that Bev had. He was good, worked hard, got better, and made it to the league. Tell me that's not the American Dream and I will tell you that we aren't friends anymore.
Here is the best comment from this video. It's a two-parter. I had four comments to choose from.
GleeshySBs, if that is even your real name, your comments are the reason I wake up in the morning. To be so absolutely positive, with such little doubt in either statement, further still with such blatant and utter disregard for any other argument is truly something to behold. Meanwhile, to be so bold as to call it the "20 first century'," is just massively impressive. Were you raised by every single President of the United States at once, GleeshySBs? Because it would seem so. Man. These comments. Wow.
What I would like to know, though, GleeshySBs, is which comment was made first, because I think that makes a difference. It just says "1 year ago" for both, but that could mean that you made either first. You could have proclaimed Beverley to be the greatest defender OF THIS ENTIRE CENTURY THAT IS YET TO BE 20% OVER, and then retracted your statement to say, "I went toO far. Just the best in the league at the moment. Sorry for going overboard originally," which would be perfect and amazing.
BUT, you could've done the opposite, GleeshySBs. You could have declared Patrick Beverley to be the best defender in the league, gotten 5 likes, gained an immense sense of hubris, causing you go mad with power and scream from your ivory tower "PATRICK BEVERLEY IS THE GREATEST DEFENDER OF THIS CENTURY. KNEEL BEFORE YOUR GOD," which, honestly, I might like more.
That was your Weird Rockets Video of the Week. Come back next Wednesday when I'll show you some other ridiculous thing because this is who I am now.
But, more importantly, watch the Houston Rockets play the Denver Nuggets tonight. It's the beginning of what could be an amazing year.
Industry insiders have long speculated that Silicon Valley's technology firms would eventually team up with Detroit's big automakers to develop self-driving vehicles.
So with sources at Ford and Google confirming the companies are in talks about forming a partnership, it begs the question: Which company would get the better end of the deal?
Though both companies would claim a win if a deal were to take shape, at least one analyst is questioning if Ford would be making a deal with "a wolf at the door."
In a note to investors, RBC Capital analyst Joe Spak went on to write that his firm thought automakers "would be reluctant to hand over the keys to Google (or another tech player), as this moves [them] down the path of being a contract manufacturer."
That would make it more difficult to sell vehicles on brand, Spak explained, referencing trends seen among computers and mobile phones. He admitted, however, that it could simply be an expansion of Ford's Smart Mobility plan, which aims to explore new business models.
After going a while between updates, Project Ara has sent out a confusing series of tweets suggesting plans for the modular smartphone could change. We don't know if this has anything to do with the recent Google / Alphabet restructuring, but its official Twitter account says the team has been busy "making stuff", and that details on a "Market pilot re-route" are coming soon. We were expecting to see the Google-backed platform debut in Puerto Rico, but that is no longer a certainty. The account finished up by saying "this is not a goodbye" to the island, and left us awaiting further updates next week. Given recent events, we guess it's good to know the lights are still on, but anyone waiting for the chance to piece together their own smartphone will have have to stay tuned.
[Image credit: Bryan Bedder via Getty Images]
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid's failure to land the Spanish title means that the Spanish side will not be among the top seeds in next season's Champions League group stage.
UEFA have changed the rules for the 2015-16 campaign, meaning that the champions from each of the top seven leagues, as per UEFA's coefficient, will make up the top seeds, alongside the defending champions.
The main benficiary of this rule change next season will be PSV Eindhoven, who today secured the final place in pot one, as Barcelona and Juventus, who meet in next months final, have both won their national leagues, so that place will transfer to the eight-best league, according to UEFA, which is the Eredivisie.
They Dutch champions will join Barça, Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Juventus, as well as Benfica, Paris Saint-Germain and Zenit Saint Peterburg, who wrapped up their respective league titles this weekend.
Had PSV not been granted their place in the first pot, they would have been among the third seeds, as they are ranked 30th in UEFA club coefficients. The Netherlands will likely lose this position next season, as Ukraine have overtaken them.
Gallery: Arsenal hold Manchester United
Arsenal is one of the sides that will lose their top seeding because of the rule change, alongside both the Madrid sides, and Porto.
Current Champions League 2015-16 group stage seedings:
Pot 1 (confirmed): Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Chelsea, Juventus, PSG, Benfica, Zenit, PSV Eindhoven
Pot 2 (based on current league positions): Real Madrid Atletico Madrid, Manchester United*, Porto, Arsenal, Valencia, Bayer Leverkusen*, Manchester City
*Must play qualifying round
Earlier last week, a Brookland single-family home sold for $1,483,000. On PoPville, one reader said, "[I] think this is a record high price for Brookland." With help from research by national real estate brokerage Redfin, Curbed DC can confirm that this sale was undoubtedly the highest in the neighborhood in the past three years, maybe ever.
Prior to August 30, 2016, the highest sales in Brookland, in order from highest to lowest, included a $1.095 million sale on August 17, 2016 and a $1,000,010 sale on November 11, 2015. It wasn't until October 2, 2015 that Brookland had its first million-dollar home sold.
For the most recent million-dollar home that sold, it features eight bedrooms and six bathrooms across 5,325 square feet of space. It landed on the market in May 2016 for $1,495,000. Some of the biggest highlights include the high-end stainless steel appliances, a rooftop deck, and a two-bedroom in-law suite.
To see the ins and outs of the listing, see below.
(CNN) Dramatic video has emerged of Iraqi police stripping an explosive belt from a child suspected in a suicide bombing attempt for ISIS.
The footage appears to show security personnel restrain a visibly upset boy while they carefully cut the belt from the youth's torso in Kirkuk. Once the belt has been removed, the boy is scooped up and taken away.
Kurdistan 24, a broadcast news station based out of Irbil, Iraq, aired Sunday's capture.
Authorities said they believe the 15-year-old came to Kirkuk a week ago from Mosul, ISIS' most significant stronghold outside Syria.
"He was captured before he reached his destination, which was a Shia mosque," Najmaldin Karim, the governor of Kirkuk Governorate, told CNN. "The security guards noticed there was something wrong, especially that there was another suicide attack a bit earlier, and they captured him."
Karim said the terrorist organization "trained and brainwashed" the boy. "They tell them if they do this, they will go to heaven and have a good time and get everything that they ever wanted," he said.
The arrest in Kirkuk comes a day after a child bomber is believed to have targeted a Kurdish wedding in Turkey, killing at least 54 people. More than 20 of the victims were children under 14, a Turkish official said Monday.
'Cubs of the caliphate'
ISIS has a history of exploiting children through propaganda , but more recently it has used them as weapons on the front lines and to target civilians.
The terrorist group maintains an army of child soldiers -- stolen from their families and indoctrinated to their cause. These so-called cubs of the caliphate are inducted into ISIS' campaign of violence through a myriad of grim training practices, with children as young as 8 reconditioned to follow the terror group's ideology, according to UN reports.
Renate Winter, an expert with the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child, "We have had reports of children, especially children that are mentally challenged, who have been used as suicide bombers, most probably without them even understanding what has happened or what they have to expect,"Renate Winter, an expert with the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child, told CNN in 2015.
The group is believed to use threats, intimidation and an unrelenting endurance training to break down the children. In some instances, young boys are forced to witness ISIS militants shoot fellow recruits if they stop participating in drills.
ISIS' deadly recruiting campaign
The jihadi movement is also believed to have seized schools to re-educate and radicalize children to follow the group's extreme interpretation of Islam.
Human Rights Watch has said that ISIS and other extremist groups "have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks, including suicide bombing missions."
These terror tactics involving children have remained a top concern among lawmakers and human rights organizations. The first open source database documenting ISIS child propaganda was launched this year after 13 months of study.
Researchers estimated around 1,500 child soldiers are training and fighting in the terror group's ranks.
"They are not just being used to shock people in execution videos. They are being used for their operational value as well," Charlie Winter, the study's co-author, told CNN in February. "This is something that sadly we have to expect to increase and accelerate as the situation becomes more precarious for ISIS in the years to come."
By Robert Romano
An unsealed April 26 court ruling from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court found that the Obama administration had violated “the NSA's minimization procedures involving queries of data acquired under Section 702 using U.S. person identifiers. The full scope of non-compliant querying practices had not been previously disclosed to the Court.”
Under FISA, the court is supposed to determine whether the minimization procedures — those that are supposed to seal the identities of U.S. persons swept up in foreign surveillance — comply with Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches and seizures.
An example of those rules falls under USSID 18, which govern the collection, retention and then dissemination of foreign intelligence gathered to and from U.S. persons.
Those rules are promulgated by the Attorney General under 50 USC 1801(h)(2), which provides that they include “procedures that require that nonpublicly available information, which is not foreign intelligence information, as defined in subsection (e)(1), shall not be disseminated in a manner that identifies any United States person, without such person's consent, unless such person's identity is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance.”
Under USSID 18, to have kept the communications would have required either sign off from the Attorney General if he or she believes that the “contents indicate a threat of death or seriously bodily harm to any person,” under Section 5.4.a. Or the Director of the National Security Agency, under 5.4.d., if he determines the communications contain “significant foreign intelligence” or “evidence of a crime or threat of death or seriously bodily harm to any person.”
For these U.S. persons to have been included in a report for dissemination could have only occurred if, under Section 7.2.c., the “appropriate approval authority” determined “[t]he identity of the U.S. person is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance” or “[t]he information is evidence that the individual may be involved in a crime that has been, is being, or is about to be committed, provided that the dissemination is for law enforcement purposes.”
What the FISA Court is saying in its April 26 ruling was that these bare minimal rules, which do not even require a warrant to unmask a U.S. person, were not being followed. Since all the agents must show is that the information is relevant to foreign intelligence matters, that is saying something. The only explanation is that in those cases, the searches had no bearing on foreign intelligence gathering.
According to reporting by Circa.com's John Solomon and Sarah Carter, “More than 5 percent, or one out of every 20 searches seeking upstream Internet data on Americans inside the NSA's so-called Section 702 database violated the safeguards Obama and his intelligence chiefs vowed to follow in 2011, according to one classified internal report reviewed by Circa.”
Circa could not ascertain how many such inappropriate searches had occurred, as the information was classified, but it does provide a window into how the FISA Court responds to these instances even when there are violations.
The federal government under Attorney General Jeff Sessions has since applied to the FISA Court to change those minimization rules on March 30, which the court granted on April 26. Two days later, on April 28, the National Security Agency issued a statement that it “will no longer collect certain internet communications that merely mention a foreign intelligence target.”
According to the court ruling, “Under the revised procedures, the government may acquire communications to which United States persons and persons within the United States are parties when such persons communicate with a Section 702 target.”
The court praised this move, stating, “The Court agrees that the removal of ‘abouts' communications eliminates the types of communications presenting the Court the greatest level of constitutional and statutory concern.”
This appears to indicate American citizens who were merely mentioning the name of a foreign target were being subjected to surveillance and potentially unmasked without warrants.
Information previously gathered on this basis will now be destroyed: “Revisions to the NSA Minimization Procedures now state that all Internet transactions acquired on or before [March 17] and existing in NSA's institutionally managed repositories will be sequestered pending destruction such that ‘NSA personnel will not be able to access the[m] for analytical purposes.' NSA will destroy such sequestered Internet transactions as soon as practicable through an accelerated age-off process.”
The new rules appear to be a sharp departure from previous practice, but do they go far enough to reform minimization abuses?
In assessing whether minimization procedures are constitutional, the court applies the so-called reasonableness standard, that is, those exceptions to the Fourth Amendment's warrant requirement to perform a search. These typically include situations such as a police officer witnessing a crime in progress or conducting a search during the course of a lawful arrest. Nearly all of these exceptions require some nexus to criminal activity in order to justify the search. Generally, if there is no crime, then no search can be justified.
The standard used by the FISA Court, however, does not consider any of that. Foreign intelligence gathering in itself is not focused on gathering information about crimes but about threats to national security or the workings of foreign powers.
Yet, the FISA Court still uses the same precedents and language from 4th Amendment Supreme Court cases to justify itself: “In assessing the reasonableness of a governmental intrusion under the Fourth Amendment, a court must ‘balance the interests at stake' under the ‘totality of the circumstances.' … Specifically, a court must ‘balance … the degree of the government's intrusion on individual privacy' against ‘the degree to which that intrusion furthers the government's legitimate interest.' … ‘The more important the government's interest, the greater the intrusion that may be constitutionally tolerated.'”
These standards were established in various cases involving traffic stops and arrests in criminal contexts. For example, in Riley v. California (2014), where the Supreme Court ruled that the contents of a cellular phone could not be searched without a warrant even when a lawful arrest has occurred. Or Wyoming v. Houghton (1999), where the nation's highest court ruled that the contents of a vehicle could be searched without a warrant if the police had reason to believe it had been used in the commission of a crime or contained contraband.
In every case, for a warrantless search to occur, some sort of criminality was needed, and even then, certain restrictions were applied to the extent the search was constitutional.
Not so in the FISA Court, we now know, where intelligence is gathered without regards to criminality. Which is why the disclosure of classified intelligence that includes U.S. person identifiers — so-called incidental collection as happened in the case of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn — is such a serious crime. So that mere contacts with foreign intelligence surveillance targets are not used to create the appearance of being a foreign agent or to create legal jeopardy.
All of these raises serious constitutional questions of how FISA has been applied on U.S. soil.
Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning urged Congress to slow down reauthorization of Section 702 of FISA in a statement, saying, “The implications of the Obama administration unmasking hundreds of targeted people unconstitutionally leads any reasonable person to wonder how precisely this illegally gained information was used. In light of the obvious abuse of power in the Mike Flynn case of leaking Flynn's name to the press after being unmasked for political reasons, it becomes reasonable to assume that was the intent of these unmaskings all along, and calls into question the continuance of the entire program.”
When it comes to U.S. persons and persons on U.S. soil, the American people should consider whether they want the federal government conducting warrantless searches where no criminal activity is implicated, a constitutionally dubious standard.
If a criminality standard had been applied, Flynn's conversation might not have ever been intercepted in the first place.
But even if that were a bridge too far for Congress — because recording every conversation by foreign ambassadors on U.S. soil is somehow deemed essential — Congress should consider the fact that the Attorney General can apparently, according to the FISA Court, just reinstitute “abouts” collection at his discretion.
As the court states, “This Opinion and Order does not question the propriety of acquiring ‘abouts' communications and MCTs as approved by the Court since 2011, subject to the rigorous safeguards imposed on such acquisitions. The concerns raised in the current matters stem from NSA's failure to adhere fully to those safeguards.”
In other words, unless Congress acts, these types of warrantless searches — where a person who says “Kisylak” or “Putin” on the phone might be intercepted and recorded and that person's identity might be unmasked without a warrant even if no crime has been committed — could just be reinstituted later.
The Justice Department under Sessions is to be applauded for discontinuing this practice for the moment, but Congress should act to make certain these types of abuses never happen again.
The Church Committee was convened in 1975 to get to the bottom of revelations by Seymour Hersh's explosive report to the New York Times on Dec. 22, 1974 that the CIA had been engaged a mass, domestic surveillance program against anti-war protestors, members of Congress and other political figures.
We are on the edge of the abyss of tyranny Sen. Frank Church (D-Idaho) warned about in 1975.
To the extent the American people presently look the other way in terms of foreign government officials being under constant surveillance on U.S. soil, even with warrants, they will not do so if they believe their own activities are under threat to come under scrutiny without warrants merely because they took an interest in foreign affairs.
Or if these powers are being used against political opponents, as apparently happened in the last year of the Obama administration, against the Trump campaign and then transition after the election.
If Congress is not currently telling itself, “Never again” — if it believes such political surveillance against the opposition party in an election year is somehow justified on the most dubious of grounds — then we've got a bigger problem that most people realize.
Robert Romano is the senior editor of Americans for Limited Government.
What kind of movement would Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg, Twitter founder Jack Dorsey, Gabe Newell of Valve, and Microsoft's Bill Gates all back enthusiastically? A call for more computer programmers, specifically really young ones.
The nonprofit organization Code.org recently commissioned a short film titled What Most Schools Don't Teach that profiled some of the most recognizable names in technology, along with musician will.i.am and Chris Bosh of the Miami Heat, to put out a call to get kids excited about something that is shrouded in geekitude: computer programming. In the short video, each technophile takes their turn diffusing some misconceptions about learning to program and relating what coding means to them personally.
For example, Zuckerberg relays his own programming in his early days: “Learning how to program didn't start off as wanting to learn all computer science, or trying to master this discipline, or anything like that. It just started off because I wanted to do this one simple thing: I wanted to make something that was fun for myself and my sisters.” He added, “I wrote this little program and then basically added a little bit to it. When I needed to learn something new, I looked it up in a book or on the Internet, and just added a little bit to it.”
The film strongly drives home two main messages: coding is not as hard/geeky/foreign as you think and it's as vital to your future career as any subject in school (perhaps more so). Considering how rapidly automation is replacing jobs, coding offers both a way for future generations to stay competitive and contribute to the revolution that will make new technologies like robots commonplace.
Check out the video to see for yourself:
Code.org has the solitary mission of “growing computer programming education,” and toward this end, getting superstar endorsements is an important marketing strategy. In fact, the video is only a sampling of people in the world of technology, politics, and entertainment that have given their support to code.org's cause. The front page of the site includes a long list of quotes reiterating the importance of teaching a generation of kids to program. The site also allows teachers to sign up in order to find ways to bring programming courses to their schools.
Fortunately, learning to code is now easier than ever. Beyond the numerous tutorials that are freely available for programming languages, such as Python, numerous sites have sprung up to teach coding, such as the kid-friendly Scratch, the lessons from Codecademy, and the ever popular Khan Academy. Additionally, new approaches for learning to code include Code Racer, which uses a racing game to teach coding.
Access to programming education is vital because, as the video drives home, the demand for computer programming skills will only be increasing in the future. Code.org estimates that by 2020 there will be a surplus of a million computer jobs beyond what the approximately 400,000 computer science students will occupy. At the same time, only one in 10 schools offers computer programming classes.
Though it is helpful to see the deconstruction of each of these tech leaders' experience with coding, it is also noteworthy that many got introduced to the subject in school, but at some point started down a path of self learning. It is one of the challenges of modern education to emphasize teaching a subject that the superstars will inevitably learn mostly out of the classroom.
Perhaps the real problem with how educators view computer programming is that it is framed within the context of computer science. Coding, in many ways, is much more like a language course, except that one learns to communicate with a computer rather that a person. Because a computer only thinks and expresses itself in certain ways, learning to speak to it involves breaking down what you want it to do in logical instructions, and then looking for feedback from it to make sure it comprehends.
At its heart, coding is an amalgam of skills that are rarely taught directly, but students pick up from various formal coursework or from simply learning it themselves through trial-and-error, much as other creative types like writers and artists do.
Computer science, on the other hand, falls into more traditional courses of mathematics and science and crosses into areas like electronics (physics), organizational patterns (biology), number crunching (statistics), and computer architecture (engineering). That isn't to say coding and computer science don't overlap — obviously, they are interdependent disciplines — but it is to say that when people talk about the “art of coding,” they are referring to a much different way of thinking than is emphasized in science and math education.
The proliferation of technology in future decades suggests something even more pressing: coding even at the most basic level may be a prerequisite to being a member of society. After all, if machines in various forms will be abundant, then the communication concepts within programming will be exercised as part of daily life.
The coming age of robots will be a lot like an alien race that suddenly moved to Earth to co-habitate with us. If we know in advance that this is going to happen, it only makes sense that we should learn how to speak to them and soon.
China Just Won The U.S. Election
The election of Donald Trump will be a disaster for anyone who cares about human rights, U.S. global leadership, and media freedom. That means it's a victory for Beijing, where as I write, the Chinese leaders near me in the palatial complex of Zhongnanhai are surely cracking open the drinks and making mean jokes.
There are four major victories for the Chinese leadership here, tempered by one possible fear. The first victory is the obvious one, the geopolitical victory; China no longer faces the prospect of Hillary Clinton, a tough, experienced opponent with a record of standing up to bullies. Instead, it faces a know-nothing reality TV star who barely seems aware that China has nuclear weapons, has promised to extort money from U.S. allies around China like South Korea and Japan, and has repeatedly undercut U.S. credibility as a defense partner. Trump is also exactly the kind of businessman who is most easily taken in by China — credulous, focused on the externalities of wealth, and massively susceptible to flattery. A single trip, with Chinese laying on the charm, could leave him as fond of China's strongmen as he is of Russia's Putin.
Countries like Vietnam, Myanmar, and the Philippines, uncertain about who to back in the contest for power in the Pacific, will swing massively China's way, preferring a country that keeps its promises to one that can turn on the pull of an electoral lever. The strongest U.S. allies, Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, no longer confident in the U.S. nuclear umbrella, will begin seriously considering other alternatives — like acquiring their own nuclear deterrent, prompting new tensions with China.
Generally, these developments will only embolden China. After the 2008 financial crisis, Beijing was convinced the world was going its way, resulting in a spate of overconfident military moves in southeast Asia which pushed some countries more firmly into the U.S. camp. Now China's confidence will return, and few in the region will have confidence in Washington's ability to provide shelter from China's nascent hegemony. Taiwan, already facing tough mainland rhetoric after electing anti-Beijing leader Tsai Ing-wen, will feel completely isolated — and perhaps be vulnerable to actual invasion — without the firm promise of U.S. protection.
The second victory is in the contest between authoritarianism and democracy. From a Chinese point of view, an electoral system that produces somebody like Trump — utterly inexperienced in governance but a skilled demagogue — is an absurdity, the equivalent of picking a major company's CEO through a horse race. In China, leaders need to be carefully chosen, groomed, and pushed, gaining experience at every level of the Communist Party system before being anointed for the top job. (That comes amid a flurry of brutally nasty and corrupt internal struggles at each level, mind you.)
China aspires toward the Singaporean model of carefully controlled elitism, a country in which Trump represents, in the words of one writer, everything they were taught to fear about democracy. The crudity of Trump's triumphant campaign gives credence to Chinese media's criticisms of a “chaotic political farce.” The likely split between the popular vote and the Electoral College will only further the often-made case that U.S. democracy is a sham.
Trump himself has given every sign of governing like the authoritarian leaders China has favored from Myanmar to Zimbabwe. Every piece of paranoid security theater he has threatened, from a ban on Muslim immigration to the wall with Mexico, will be used by Beijing to justify its own myriad oppressions.
That leads to the third victory, on human rights. Every year, the United States puts out a report on China's human rights calamities — and every year China responds with its own report, a mixture of indignant bluster and genuine poking at American sore spots, from police treatment of minorities to the gender gap in pay. But under President Trump, Beijing's stockpiled ammunition against U.S. hypocrisy on human rights looks set only to grow, given his close ties to white nationalist groups, the likely gutting of civil rights, and his — and his supporters' — attacks on the notion of press freedom. Any Western attempts to call out China's reassertion of traditional patriarchy, from the arrest of the Feminist Five to the Communist Party's absence of female leaders, can be countered with any number of references to the new groper-in-chief. Resurgent Republican homophobia will be a gut blow to China's gay rights movement. Calls for transparency in China's military spending and local government budgets can be met by pointing out the victory of a candidate who never even bothered to release his tax records. Racist violence, judging by the experience of Brexit and the composition of the Trump base and rhetoric, may see horrifying new peaks, which would give a brutal new credibility to the old Soviet whataboutism whenever they were challenged on the gulag: “But in America, you lynch Negroes.”
That's assuming a Trump administration would even press China on human rights at all. Given Trump's often-expressed admiration for dictators ranging from Saddam Hussein to Vladimir Putin, and his call for isolationism in foreign affairs, China might find itself with a reliably quiet White House that would turn a blind eye to crackdowns in Xinjiang — or even Hong Kong.
And finally, the fourth victory is on media credibility. The almost unanimous condemnation of Trump by newspapers from across the political spectrum — to tragically little effect on the voters — will strengthen the case made by Chinese state media that Western media is biased and elitist .
When China wants to bash Trump, on the other hand, they'll point to the failure of TV news to call out his myriad failings.
Those are contradictory criticisms of Western media, of course, but Chinese state media has never balked at hypocrisy, so expect both points to sometimes be made in the same article. (China has been quite happy bashing both the shortsightedness of referenda and the corruption of the EU over Brexit, for instance.) Secondly, the failure by pollsters — even Nate Silver, though laudably uncertain compared to others, had Clinton as two-to-one favorite — will be used by China to cast doubt on the claims of experts across Western newspapers.
But there's one major worry that may mute the celebrations in Zhongnanhai. Although China regularly trashes the US, the country's growth has been dependent, ironically enough, on a strong, stable and prosperous United States willing to trade with the world. Globalization, as Chinese authors have repeatedly argued in the last few months, is vital for a country that needs the markets of others to keep pushing its population into the middle class and achieve the dream of being a “moderately prosperous” country by 2020.
If Trump actually follows through on his protectionist plans, and his decisions have the same effect on the United States as they have on his many failed businesses, China's own economy, already quivering, will start to shake. Beijing's ambitious plans to develop other global trade networks through the “One Road, One Belt” scheme may be able to compensate for that — or may prove just as unstable in a rudderless world. China and the United States have often been compared to the two wings of the global economy; if one goes, they spiral down together.
​A Cuban refugee in Miami explores Havana through an Oculus Rift. Image via Julian Yuri Rodriguez
For filmmakers Julian Yuri Rodriguez and Andres Rivera, who grew up in Miami, Cuba had long been a "forbidden island."
"I always heard beautiful stories about Cuba, but at the same time because of what happened with Fidel Castro, you are forbidden to go there," says Rodriguez, 26. His own grandmother hadn't been back since she fled in 1958. But last spring, together with old friend and cinematographer Rivera, Rodriguez traveled to Havana to bring a little bit of the country back home, in a way it had never been captured before: with a virtual reality experience that would let his grandmother visit her homeland again without ever crossing the border.
The 3D film made for the Oculus Rift, Paisajes de mi Abuela (My Grandmother's Landscapes), revisits the landscapes of Rodriguez's grandmother's memories—the church she was married in, the street she grew up on, the beach she went with her family as a child. Tourists snap pictures of the church. Shirtless boys play baseball with a rock and a stick. 1950s cars drive by on a busy street. The waves lap the sand on the beach. The 360-video lets you explore each simple vignette as if you were there. "My grandma's a cry baby, you know," says Rodriguez. "As soon as she saw it, she started crying right away."
She hasn't been the only one to get emotional. Many Cuban-Americans live in exile in Miami, unable to visit the place where they grew up. When Rivera showed the film to one of his friends, who had escaped illegally ten years ago, the reaction was instant. "After he took off the Oculus, his eyes were full of tears."
The film is far more sentimental than the last film project Rodriguez and Rivera worked on together. C#ckfight, a dark, surreal narrative short Rodriguez wrote and directed, featuring a rape and murder in an underground Miami fight club, is worlds away from Paisajes. Still, it's deeply embedded in the Cuban diaspora that the two grew up with, and from which they drew early inspiration for their early films and music videos, often for local rappers. After C#ckfight was accepted into festivals across the US, Rodriguez and Rivera were awarded a grant to turn it into a 3D installation, marking the first time they experimented with the Oculus Rift.
For months, Rodriguez and Rivera had been planning on presenting Paisajes at an evening of interactive video during the Borscht Film Festival in Miami this month. And then, a lucky coincidence: on December 17, the Miami Herald published a story about the film on its front page—on the same day the White House announced that the US would ease relations with Cuba. "It made it seem like we had Obama on text," jokes Rodriguez.
Andres Rivera holding the 3D GoPro rig. Image: Julien Yuri Rodriguez
That night, so many people came out to experience the Paisajes film on the Oculus there was a line that snaked around the building. "A ton of people who wanted to see it didn't get a chance," says Rodriguez, "so we got most of their contacts and we've been going to all these different people to let them experience it."
The filmmakers have been spending the holidays making home visits, showing older Cubans in Miami the video on the Oculus headset. "You see people who are 80 and 90 years old wearing the headset. They fit so natively. It's not something they are scared of. You see them laughing and smiling," says Rivera. Their ease speaks to how far virtual reality technology has come, the filmmakers suggest. "They are not treating it like it's this technology video game or anything like that. They really feel like they are in these spaces," adds Rodriguez.
For the young director, the project was inspired by his grandmother, who recorded oral histories of four of her favorite places in Havana as a reference for the film's shooting locations. But the project also gave Rodriguez a chance to connect with his roots. "At school when you're a kid, everybody is eating Lunchables and you are eating weird soup. You know you are different from everyone around you growing up in America. You know you are from there, but you're not allowed to understand."
For his family, the thought of Rodriguez going to Cuba was not without controversy. And getting across the border wasn't easy either. "As soon as I got into Cuba, I went with a visa that said I was visiting immediate family, which was a complete lie," he explains. When he traveled to another town for a new visa, the police hassled him. "It was scary. You knew you were somewhere that wasn't America."
Working with the 3D technology for the first time was another challenge. "This was all new to me. I do regular videos, music videos, films. Virtual reality was something I'd never felt with," says Rivera, who explains they had to synchronize seven GoPro cameras, each affixed to each other and pointed in a different direction, and then stitch together the footage afterwards.
You feel like a ghost moving through the landscape. You see passersby and you want to wave, but you sense that they don't see you.
When watching the film—or experiencing it—you feel like a ghost moving through the landscape. You see passersby and you want to wave, but you sense that they don't see you. Because they were shooting video in every direction, the filmmakers explain, they had to make themselves invisible during the shooting process.
"We have to start rolling and run away, hide somewhere, and then pray no one would steal our camera," says Rodriguez. Onlookers were curious. "People were confused about the camera. Even in Miami, no one is really used to seeing a 360 camera rig. The technology in Miami is weird enough, so taking it to a place that hardly has the internet was insane."
The filmmakers are not only documenting Cubans in the diaspora community in Miami as they experience virtual Havana; they also want to expand the project to revive memories of more people, especially focusing on the Cuban-Americans who left as children in the sixties as part of the mass exodus known as Operation Peter Pan. "We're trying to capture as much of Cuba as we can and the memories that are lying there," says Rodriguez.
Meanwhile, Obama's proclamation about normalizing relations with Cuba, the filmmakers say, has been divisive in the exile community. "Some people feel betrayed. Others feel the embargo has gone on way too long already," says Rivera. But even people who are very opposed to the government in Cuba are still intrigued by an immersive film about the country. "We showed it to a lady today who says she hates Cuba and would never go back, but she's still willing to try this technology," explains Rodriguez. "So far no one has told us we were wrong doing this project."
Being a good Samaritan only makes sense in high trust societies. And the only societies capable of supporting that high level of trust are those composed primarily of ethnic Europeans. Asians may have this to some degree as well, although I don't think they reach a level anywhere close to Europeans with the Japanese being a probable exception. What happens when a high-trust individual comes into contact with people who just shouldn't be trusted?
There was a recent news report about two “teens” in North Carolina who got their vehicle stuck in ditch. A good Samaritan stopped to help them get it out. After the vehicle was extricated from the ditch, the “teens” proceeded to murder and rob him. This level of disgusting behavior is difficult to comprehend for the average European. It seems so… foreign to harm someone who went out of their way to help you.
As you have probably guessed, the “teens” were black males. Black males are notoriously prone to violent crime. 6-7% of the population in the US is composed of black males, yet they make up 50% or more of the perpetrators of violent crime, depending on the crime. In 85% of inter-racial violence between whites and blacks, the black is the aggressor. You can see a lot more details in the previous link. I also recommend this interview/discussion between Colin Flaherty (see also) and Stephen Molyneux.
Not every black person is a violent criminal and I am not trying to claim that. However, a much larger percentage of the black population is composed of violent criminals than any other racial group. So how should a rational person respond to this undeniable fact? I plan to have a more in depth post about stereotypes and statistical reasoning later, and will include a relevant excerpt from my book on stereotypes, but for now it will suffice to say that using stereotypes about blacks to avoid dangerous situations is justifiable. If you avoid a black stranger who happens to be decent and nice, there are no negative consequences of significance. If you give a black stranger the benefit of the doubt and are wrong you could be looking at a beating, a raping, a mugging or even death. Even if only 5-10% of blacks would do something like this, it really makes no sense to take the risk. Why chance it when there is no or very little benefit?
Avoiding even small risks is perfectly rational when there is no possible pay off. Avoiding relatively big risks like that of black crime is thus a no-brainer. Perhaps the best and most concise elaboration of this sentiment was in John Derbyshire's The talk: the non-black version. In fact, Derbyshire even specifically advises against being the good Samaritan for blacks with vehicle issues on the side of the highway. Had the victim read and followed Derbyshire's sensible advice, he would still be alive today:
(10h) Do not act the Good Samaritan to blacks in apparent distress, e.g., on the highway.
In order to have nice things like good Samaritans a normative common must be created and maintained:
In a normative common, each person who forgoes the opportunity of breaking the norm, then pays the cost of maintaining the norms. So, when one lives in a White area, common areas such as shops (markets) will likely be open for browsing, because the norm of behavior is to not steal. Each time a White goes into a store and does not steal, he pays the opportunity cost, equal to the value of the items not stolen. By paying this cost, the norm of keeping shopping areas open to browsing is maintained. Areas with large numbers of Blacks experience increased incidence of crime. In these areas, the risk to shop owners or other providers to allow Blacks free access exceeds the benefits of open browsing (with a main benefit being increased economic velocity). Thus you see convenience stores with no common area, that only sell what can be passed through a bullet-proof teller window. The commons have been destroyed. Or perhaps someone will follow Blacks through a store to make sure they do not steal, while allowing Whites to browse freely, in this case the normative commons is extended to White co-ethnics, but not to Black co-ethnics. The Whites are the beneficiaries of this normative commons, because they (as a group) pay the opportunity cost of maintaining it… Privilege is said to be unearned (though I doubt any form of privilege is really unearned). White privilege is not unearned. It is bought and paid for through the cost of maintaining the normative commons. To insist that the privileges accorded to Whites (who maintain the normative commons), be accorded to ethic groups who do not pay the cost of maintaining the commons is futile: market forces will ensure that the privilege is only accorded to those who pay for it. Call it racist if you want. It is simply the market at work.
If you want your society to have people willing to stop and help complete strangers, you have to forego killing them after they help you. I can't believe this actually has to be explained, but real life events indicate that it does. At least for blacks and some other minorities. Actually, it is probably more the result of a biological tendency and no amount of explaining is likely to ever work. Only segregation or very intense, no-nonsense policing of problematic minorities could address this. The only long-term solution for a tendency for violent crime is regular executions for violent or otherwise egregious crime; although sterilizations could be considered equivalent. Over several generations this eugenic pressure could greatly reduce the frequency of genes leading to violent crime in any given population.
Ironically, avoiding blacks because of their tendency for violence is not just a sane policy for whites (and Asians, mestizos, Indians or anyone else), it is also a prudent policy for blacks themselves when dealing with other blacks they do not personally know and trust. You see, the good Samaritan in the above case was HIMSELF black. This was no instance of racial animus. It was purely the natural behavior of barely-human animals against one of their own co-ethnics. 90% of black murder victims are killed by other blacks. It turns outs the claim that the “The talk” is not for blacks is actually quite the misnomer. No group could get more day-to-day use out of that advice than blacks themselves.
It also explains why blacks and (some) other minorities are always in such a rush to settle in majority white areas: justified fear of their own co-ethnics (that and taking advantage of white created social norms). Never mind that whites don't want and shouldn't have to deal with the dysfunction of other groups. Never mind that the normative commons whites created are quickly destroyed as an area stops being overwhelmingly white because other groups refuse to pay the opportunity costs necessary to maintain them. The immigration mindset is essentially a slash and burn technique: Move to a white area with high trust, strong co-operation and take advantage of the situation. Individual acts of defection can provide real rewards and largely go unnoticed while the population of defectors is small. Unfortunately, every member of the out-group wants a piece of the action and quickly overwhelm the culture. The commons are destroyed, whites try to literally or at least de facto escape parasites on their cultural institutions, then the process begins all over again with a new white area being invaded. This will continue until it is forcefully stopped, or there is nothing left to destroy.
Blacks may implicitly already understand that their co-ethnics aren't as trustworthy as whites:
It is common knowledge that Black cab drivers will often drive past Blacks and pick up White passengers instead. This White privilege is accrued to the White ethnic group because the members of the group tend to forgo the opportunity to rob the Black cabbie. Black cabbies understand this and accord the privilege to the White ethnics who will maintain the normative commons. Blacks could earn this privilege by paying for it through maintaining the normative commons. Unfortunately for them, enough of them create the tragedy of the commons for their own co-ethnics by abusing their privilege and not forgoing the opportunity cost.
Now I have read the statistics, I have seen the many news reports (the last two years have been especially enlightening), and I have read or heard lots of anecdotes by other people. However, I have also experienced issues with aggressive and volatile blacks personally, and those experiences are easily the most memorable and substantial in my forming of opinions on this topic. There is nothing like a real risk of being the victim of a group attack by blacks to make a person see things more clearly. Years of progressive propaganda can be washed away in mere seconds, or for 10s of minutes if you are unlucky. Assuming you survive that is. The following are three personal examples copied from a comment I have made previously:
1) In the first instance, I was at University after graduation. I had three friends over celebrating the end of classes for the semester. It was a large party school and I was in a college apartment complex known for throwing parties. Though of course, there were only four of us and I wasn't throwing a party. We had some music playing and my neighbors thought it was too loud. Hypocritically, they were always making huge amounts of noise themselves the entire year. They first started stomping on the floor, I turned down the music a little, but that wasn't enough. 5 big black guys then came down and started beating on my door with a baseball bat. We had to call the police who I think ended up arresting one for an outstanding warrant. This sort of behavior was amazing to me. This is a college apartment complex in a party town. Some noise is to be expected at times. With only the 4 of us, we couldn't have been making that much noise. They had never shown any consideration towards their neighbors about their noise level for the entire year they lived above me. One night on which I had an important test the next day, their washing machine broke and they scrapped the floor with a wet vac from 1-3am. I was super pissed, but I didn't beat their door with a baseball bat. 2) In another instance I was with my roommate and we were going to the grocery store in his truck. He pulled into a parking spot and all of a sudden a black guy who was around a corner pulls behind us. Being around a corner before this, he was clearly not in a position to own the spot when my roommate pulled in. He got out and attempted to instigate a fight (first with my roommate who was a quiet guy, then me when I stepped in and told him he was out of line). He eventually left after I threatened to call the police. 3) I used to ride my bike and take the train to work. On the train, there is a slot for bikes on some of the cars. However, there is a seat under the rack which makes it unusable when someone is sitting in it. On previous occasions, I was told by police officers (at least twice) that I needed to use the bike rack and not use the aisle. If someone is sitting there I need to ask them to move to a different seat if any are available (there were plenty of other seats on this occasion, the train was maybe 50% occupied). Well, it happened to be this black girl and her girlfriend. I politely asked her to move and she did move to a seat about 2 feet distant (literally, it was hardly a move) but with a great deal of attitude. I explained that the police told me I have to do that. Undeterred, she started yelling/chimping out and wouldn't stop for about 20 minutes. At first (2 minutes) I tried to engage reason, but when that failed (of course) I just ignored her. Most people would eventually give up when their “opponent” stopped participating. Not her. She kept yelling and yelling and talking shit. She wanted to instigate a fight (probably hoping that her “cousins” on the train would gang attack me if something actually happened). The conductor eventually called the police and they took us off at the next stop (thank god). I explained my story and they let me go. I don't know what happened to the girl. I noped right out of there, but they were detained at least somewhat longer than I was. I am sure she is using that as an example of “white privilege” while conveniently ignoring her completely unjustified and egregiously obnoxious behavior.
And just to add to that, an acquaintance was recently assaulted by a black man while pumping gas for his vehicle. His great offense was mistakenly thinking the yelling and belligerent black was trying to talk to him, and thus asking him what he wanted. Fortunately, the black guy, who was probably on some drug, was pulled away by his friend before he landed more than one punch. There is a reason race relations are deteriorating rapidly and it isn't being caused by whitey.
Formerly called OneClip, the app now named Cache has been leaked onto the web allowing anyone to install it. But what is it, and how does it work?
Cache is a tool that is designed to simplify your workflow by managing all your links, pictures, texts and other copy-paste items. It stores your objects in either a sidebar, like in the picture below, or in a regular window.
The tool is very polished for a beta program, and it works as expected. It features an MDL2 design like UWP apps but actually isn't one. The app is a Win32 app designed to look like a Universal Windows Platform application but it isn't a true Windows 10 experience. The real platform this application runs on can be seen by right-clicking everywhere in the app and looking the context menu design as well as simply looking at the title bar or settings page. Even some of the dialogues look like Windows 95.
I've encountered some issues with it, however, but nothing major or nothing a restart of the app couldn't fix. When clicking the three-dot menu then on “Edit image,” nothing happens. You have to right-click the icon in order to customize the collection. Also, some weird issues like not begin able to remove any content from the collection also popped up but were fixed with closing the app from the task manager and opening it again. It gave me different errors like “Sorry, something went wrong. We've notified the team.”
As you can see in the screenshot above, I have already started using the tool as my daily accessory for school and work. It works very well and improves my workflow by quite a lot. Instead of having 20 different tabs open in Edge and then switching between them and searching for the info I need each time, I can just move everything over there and easily drag and drop what I need into the articles. Pretty handy.
Now, do note that Cache is not officially released by Microsoft yet and the package I downloaded is from an untrusted source. I could have an infected computer now and you may see a bunch of fake posts promoting cheap ways to go down in weight on OnMSFT from now on. I don't think that is going to happen, but make sure you know that OnMSFT takes zero responsibility for you downloading this app and using it, no matter if it just makes your PC crash or if your bank account data is stolen.
Having cleared that up, you can follow this link and read more about the leak and installation itself.
If you think it may not be a good idea to get it now and you prefer to wait until Microsoft implements it into the system or Office themselves, that is also fine. The rumours say that it will be released in the Redstone 2 update, and that means it should show up for Insiders soon.
Share This
Further reading: Cache
.- Romania's lower house of parliament has overwhelmingly approved a proposed constitutional amendment to define marriage as a union between one man and one woman.
The Chamber of Deputies passed the measure by a vote of 232-22, with 13 abstentions.
If approved, the amendment would change Paragraph 1 of Article 28 of the Romanian Constitution to say: “The family is founded on the freely consented marriage between one man and one woman, on their equality and on the right and duty of parents to assure the growth, education and training of their children.”
The proposed amendment began with a signature drive, initiated by the Coalition for the Family, which collected 3 million signatures from Romanian citizens in support of the constitutional language.
It has also garnered support from Orthodox, Catholic and Evangelical leaders, along with legal groups such as ADF International and the European Center for Law and Justice.
The measure has already been approved by the Romanian Constitutional Court as satisfying all requirements for a constitutional amendment.
It will next go to the Senate. If it is approved there, it will become a referendum to be voted on by the Romanian people.
Romania is not the only country in the region to consider a defense-of-marriage amendment. Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Lithuania, Latvia, Poland, and Slovakia all define marriage as the union of one man and one woman within their constitutions.
Start your holiday season off on a charitable foot – while you enjoy live music! Bring an unwrapped gift for a child in need to any show from 11/25 - 12/5 to benefit Mason's Toy Box​.
Mason's Toy Box lends support to families engaged in pediatric medical life-altering struggle by offering gifts to hospitalized children and relief to families facing overwhelming burdens.
About Bigfoot County: Bigfoot County is a group of 6 musicians paying tribute to the Grateful Dead one show at a time. Bigfoot County was formed in 2010 when a group of friends, who share a love for the music of The Grateful Dead got together in former drummer Sam Navarre's basement to jam. Since then they have become a critically acclaimed live act playing to packed houses all over the region: "Bigfoot County has developed a following that often leaves standing (or dancing) room only. With their authenticity and true admiration for the Dead, the band has found a niche in the growing musical community."--Magazine33.
Over the past five years the band has evolved and taken on different incarnations, always staying true to the spirit of the Grateful Dead's music, as well as adding a different spin on the improvisation at times. Our goal is to scratch the itch that so many Deadheads feel on a regular basis.
With a large repertoire of Grateful Dead songs to choose from and exploratory improvisational musicianship, Bigfoot County's live show is not to be missed!!
About Mama Tried: Local legend Charlie Pastorfield (of The Gladstones, The Skip Castro Band) fronts a local band. Featuring members of Alligator, Mama Tried focuses on 60s and 70s Dead! Charlie Pastorfield – Guitar, vocals Susan Munson – Acoustic guitar, vocals Stuart Holme – Bass Kent Raine
4 Mistakes To Avoid on Your Cross-Culture Blog
There are plenty of benefits to blogging while you're abroad. But if you aren't careful, you could run into some pitfalls as well.
To help you avoid the mistakes that we see over and over again on blogs around the world, we compiled this quick list to keep you on track:
Missed Opportunities
You will be hard pressed to find a more captive audience than when people are following your blog while you're abroad. People want to live vicariously through your adventure, and they will be inspired by it.
The true power of your blog is that it will multiply the number of people who get to benefit from what you're experiencing abroad. You will inevitably be learning and growing through your cross-cultural exchanges, but so will your readers! Don't miss the chance to multiply your impact by promoting cross-cultural understanding through your blog posts.
Think of yourself as a digital Ambassador. You represent your home country to your host community. And you gather valuable insights from your host community to share with folks back home. You get to explore the best of both cultures and demonstrate their value to each other. You'll likely become an expert in the downfalls of both cultures, as well, and will thus have the tricky responsibility of painting an honest and balanced picture for your readers.
Too Much Info, Too Little Editing
The people who read your blog will either be interested in you or what you're doing – or both – and there's no doubt that they'll want to hear from you. But even your closest friend is going to struggle if all of your blog posts are overwhelmingly long and rambling.
Consider what things might be most interesting to your audience. A play-by-play of your entire day may be too much information and better left to your personal journal. Instead, try to share only one theme or story per blog post and practice editing your thoughts into something cohesive and easy-to-read.
Always proofread. Your readers are taking time out of their day to check in on your blog, so make sure you're publishing something of quality. It doesn't have to be perfect, but a sloppy blog post is not going to inspire people to come back for more.
Risky Business
Many new bloggers forget how public their blog really is. Although you may assume that only friends and family are reading, unless the blog is password protected, the truth is that any random stranger can find it.
That's why it's always wise to limit what personal information you share on your blog. Publishing your address, or even sharing pictures of your front door, could be problematic if it falls into the wrong hands.
Consider having another method to share private or culturally sensitive information only with people you trust – whether it's a private facebook group, e-mail list, or in one-on-one conversations.
Watch Your Language
When living abroad, you'll probably experience all kinds of new things. It's easy to let words like “weird” or “crazy” slip out when describing incomprehensible cultural things to people back home.
Remember that what may be “common sense” where you come from, may not be “common” or “sensible” in other cultures – and vise versa. It is important to guard against our natural tendency to be critical of cultural practices and attitudes which are different from our own.
Try to look at cultural differences objectively, avoid words that portray them negatively, and use your blog to promote cross-cultural understanding by explaining the Why behind these behaviors and attitudes in your host culture. You don't have to like it or agree with it, but you can help others understand why it happens.
If you're interested in bridging cultures through blogging and taking your blog to the next level, get the free Blogging Abroad Tools & Resources Guide (which also comes with a handy Blog Post Check List)!
✕ Make an amazing impact with your blog! Get our free Blogging Abroad Tools & Resources Guide, plus a one-page printable Blog Post Checklist for culture bloggers.
Thanks! Please check your email to access the Blogging Abroad Tools & Resources Guide!
Like this: Like Loading...
Starred Up is a riveting drama thanks to a well written screenplay brought to life by realistic performances and depiction of life in prison.
19-year-old Eric (Jack O'Connell) is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison facility as his estranged father (Ben Mendelsohn). As his explosive temper quickly finds him enemies in both the prison authorities and fellow inmates — and his already volatile relationship with his father is pushed past the breaking point — Eric is approached by a volunteer psychotherapist (Rupert Friend), who runs an anger management group for prisoners. Torn between gang politics, prison corruption, and a glimmer of something better, Eric finds himself in a fight for his own life, unsure if his own father is there to protect him or join in punishing him. [Tribeca Film]
Starred Up is a simple and nuanced film that tackles a volatile father-son relationship and how this affects their lives in prison, mainly that of Eric.
Instead of your standard exposition, the film fills every moment with details to keep the audience engaged. Through scenes, dialogue, and interaction of these characters you'll pick up clues of a young man who already has his fair share of life in prison and sought his estranged father through a fitting yet tragic way.
Unlike what intervention reality programs love to tell you, most people don't sit around to talk about their feelings and hug. A typical conversation between young adults and their parents, especially those with strained relationships, is either awkward or explosive. Eric and his father communicate through either violent outbursts or restrained conversations, giving viewers a glimpse of what kind of environment the kid grew up in.
As Eric gets to know his father, the more he realizes that his old man is beyond what he expected. At the same time he has to deal with the fact that he has been “starred up” into adult prison. The handheld cameras enable the characters to move around while still capturing the claustrophobic environment where extreme personalities are forced to get along.
Here, two characters – one a counselor, the other a governor – represent two interpretations of what prison ought to be. One believes that it's a place to rehabilitate troubled individuals so they can start a new life, while the other believes that it's meant to cage these animals lest they go back and wreck havoc in society.
Through a detail-oriented approach, the story organically develops and the plot becomes unpredictable. Jonathan Asser's experience as a counselor injected real life insights to the film and made it very believable. The film doesn't rely on melodrama or sappy sentimentality like a generic movie would.
The well written script is bolstered by epic performances. Each actor in the cast portrayed a realistic character that could exist somewhere out there behind bars. Jack O'Connell already showed that he has a huge potential in Skins, and goes on to continue proving his talent. Other veterans – Ben Mendelsohn and Rupert Friend – are also worth pointing out for giving back the same gripping acting.
On the other hand, the film's approach to storytelling can be challenging for mainstream audiences. You have to pay attention to catch all the details. This prison drama doesn't add anything new to the genre.
Overall these minor flaws don't take away the impact of the film. Starred Up teaches us that in reality, the right choice is often the hardest option.
My Rating: 9/10
Run book Run! From physical paper to executable online books
Visual Studio
Have you ever wanted to run the code samples while reading a book? Without having to first download the sample code, its runtime, and configure your environment so that everything is setup the way you need it? What if you could be reading a book, and immediately execute (and change!) the code without needing to install anything on your computer? What if you could do this without needing any software other than a modern web browser?
Azure Notebooks makes it easy to read a book online and run and change the code samples all from just a modern web browser. Today, we're delighted to announce that Jake VanderPlas' Python Data Science Handbook is now available for free on Azure notebooks.
The book is published by O'Reilly as well as in Jupyter notebook format. We are hosting the complete book on Azure Notebooks. You can learn the fundamentals of Data Science by either purchasing the book, or by hopping over to Azure and cloning your own copy and “running” it.
I personally like the feel of an actual book, and now with the ability to run the book without preparing an environment or installing software; the whole experience is a lot more enjoyable.
Note that the Jupyter version of the book is not just the code, but the entire prose as well.
What's Azure Notebooks?
Azure Notebooks is free service for hosting and running Jupyter notebooks. Let's take a look at Jupyter itself first.
Jupyter is an open source project started by Professors Fernando Perez and Brian Granger that provides a rich, browser-based notebook for general data analysis and exploration. Jupyter notebooks are comprised of Markdown, executable code, interactive plots and much more.
Imagine your typical scientific paper in static PDF format, except now the code is executable, plots are interactive, and notebooks can be shared easily for reproducibility – that's what Jupyter notebooks enable.
Azure Notebooks provides a playground to create, run, and share Jupyter notebooks for free. Python 2, Python 3, R and F# are currently supported. Beyond languages, you get their supporting distros, such as Anaconda which provides access to 500+ pkgs for just about any domain.
Typical scenario for using Azure Notebooks
This O'Reilly title is our first foray into “Executable” books. We hope that it becomes a trend and a convenient (and fun!) way for people to explore books. There are near-infinite possibilities for how you can use Azure Notebooks:
Learn a programming language (check out the samples on our homepage)
University courses (checkout out this sample from Georgia Tech)
Give a webinar/seminar/talk to 500+ people (w/o any software installation headaches)
Explore Azure (check out the CosmosDB sample running against a live database)
Python Data Science Handbook contents
Beyond Data Science, Jake's book is packed with excellent introductions to Python and Jupyter itself. All the Jupyter material applies to Azure Notebooks as well
Chapter 1: IPython: Beyond Normal Python
Chapter 2: Introduction to NumPy
Chapter 3: Data Manipulation with Pandas
Chapter 4: Visualization with Matplotlib
Chapter 5: Machine Learning
While on Azure notebooks, you can view an HTML preview of the book without logging in. If you want to run/edit the book, you need to sign in and “clone” the book, which gives you your own private copy to execute and edit.
Summary
Thanks to Jake and O'Reilly, we're at an exciting juncture for learning and exploration using executable books. We're delighted to partner with O'Reilly on this journey and hope to provide access to other books in the future.
Links:
He died 102 years ago in Oklahoma, a beaten warrior, a prisoner of war, an exile from his homeland, a propped-up sideshow, a gambler and a lukewarm Christian. His family was murdered by Mexicans. The Americans stripped him of most everything else.
And yet, the Apache born near the Gila River in present-day Arizona with the not-very-impressive name of Goyahkla (“One Who Yawns”) rode into history as the legendary Geronimo.
It was his name that the U.S. military chose as the code for the raid, and perhaps for Osama bin Laden himself, during the operation that killed the al-Qaeda leader in Pakistan. That led to the iconic transmission from the raid: “Geronimo EKIA.” Geronimo, Enemy Killed in Action.
In a triumphant moment for the United States, the moniker has left a sour taste among many Native Americans.
“I was celebrating that we had gotten this guy and feeling so much a part of America,” Tom Holm, a former Marine, a member of the Creek/Cherokee Nations and a retired professor of American Indian studies at the University of Arizona, said by phone Tuesday. “And then this ‘Geronimo EKIA' thing comes up. I just said, ‘Why pick on us?' Robert E. Lee killed more Americans than Geronimo ever did, and Hitler would seem to be evil personified, but the code name for bin Laden is Geronimo?”
Suzan Shown Harjo, president of the Morning Star Institute, a Native American advocacy group based in Washington, has long fought against the use of Indian imagery in American life (including as the mascot of the Washington Redskins).
She sighed when asked about the latest iteration of Geronimo.
“It's how deeply embedded the ‘Indian as enemy' is in the collective mind of America,” she said. “To this day, when soldiers are going into enemy territory, it's common for it to be called ‘Indian country.' ”
It isn't clear yet which branch of the military came up with the nickname — the Army, Navy, CIA or any of the anti-terror special forces groups involved in planning the raid — but it apparently wasn't bin Laden's nickname for very long.
A database search of news stories shows that, while military leaders sometimes compared bin Laden's elusiveness to Geronimo's, there is no news account of calling the al-Qaeda leader “Geronimo” until this past weekend.
But the Apache leader's name has often been used in the name for projects in Afghanistan, such as the Marine Forward Operating Base Geronimo in the Helmand province, reports show.
Military code names and nicknames have a long history, dating to when written or radio transmissions could be easily intercepted, and thus the name for a secret language that only some people involved in a particular operation would understand.
But not all code names and nicknames have been loaded terms, even when the stakes were high. The plan to build the atomic bomb (the Manhattan Project) resulted in two atomic bombs (“Little Boy” and “Fat Man”) being dropped on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The Boeing B-29 Superfortress bomber that dropped the bombs was nicknamed “Enola Gay,” after Enola Gay Tibbets, mother of the pilot, Paul Tibbets.
The U.S. military now has strict formats for official code names and nicknames for designated targets, but the results are sometimes more goofy than intimidating.
“Operation Red Dawn,” for example, the campaign that led to the capture of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, gave all the appearances of being inspired by a campy 1984 film in which teenagers fight to save the United States from a Soviet invasion.
The 19th-century U.S. Army campaign to apprehend Geronimo and stop his raids on settlers did become famous, particularly in military circles, because he eluded capture for more than a decade. By the time of his surrender in Arizona in 1886, more than 5,000 troops had participated in the hunt to track him down.
After years of degradation, included being trotted out by whites as an example of the Wild West, he died in Oklahoma in 1909. He was buried in a prisoner-of-war camp.
“There is little doubt [the] use of a leader like Geronimo to refer to bin Laden is ill-advised,” Keith Harper, a partner at the D.C. firm of Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton and a member of the Cherokee Nation, wrote in an e-mail Tuesday. Harper represented the plaintiff class of 500,000 individual Indians in the landmark Indian trust funds lawsuit, which last year settled its claims against the U.S. government for $3.4 billion. He was also the principal adviser and chair of the Native American Domestic Policy Committee for the Obama campaign.
“No one would find acceptable calling this arch-terrorist by code name Man­dela, Revere or Ben-Gurion,” Harper wrote. “An extraordinary Native leader and American hero deserves no less.”
Discussions of tax progressivity tend to have a low ratio of signal to noise. The following chart should clear up a few things.
Business Insider, data from Tax Policy Center and Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy
Here are the big takeaways: Our tax code is highly progressive. Almost everybody pays something. Even the poorest 20 percent of American households (who make on average about $11,000) pay 13 percent of their incomes in tax. The wealthiest 1% pay a rate of 43%, about 3.5 times as much.
Now that you've seen the chart, I have a few instructions:
1. Stop talking about "non-payers" or "the 47 percent" or using any other talking point about how a worrisomely large share of Americans don't pay taxes. Don't call people who don't pay federal income tax "lucky duckies." Almost everybody pays taxes.
2. Stop ignoring state and local taxes. In his paper "Defending the One Percent," Harvard economist Greg Mankiw responds to liberal claims about tax regressivity by citing Congressional Budget Office data showing that, as of 2009, the bottom quintile of earners paid just 1% of their income in federal tax while the top 1% paid 29%. But state and local taxes are modestly regressive, partly offsetting the figure Mankiw cites.
3. Stop fretting about the progressivity of any specific tax. There are good reasons for some taxes to be more progressive than others. Particularly, the federal government is in a better position to levy a highly progressive income tax than states or localities are. If the whole tax system isn't progressive enough, worry about that. Don't fixate on the fact that some component, such as Social Security payroll tax, has a regressive structure.
4. Stop talking about a flat income tax like it were some especially fair and natural thing. Conservatives often talk about flat taxes as being fair because everyone pays the same share of their income. Setting aside whether that's actually fair, it isn't even true; a flat tax on income would combine with other components of the tax code to make our overall system regressive.
5. Stop fixating on Warren Buffett. Buffett likes to talk about how his tax rate is lower than his secretary's. That's misleading. Buffett's tax return doesn't reflect the corporate income tax paid by the companies he owns equities in. Exactly who bears the burden of corporate income tax is a controversial topic, but the most common view is that a majority is borne by owners of capital, while a minority of the tax gets shifted to workers in the form of lower wages. If you distribute the burden of corporate income tax according to that assumption, you find that effective tax rates keep going up as you get into the top 1% and top 0.1%. It is not typical for the ultra-wealthy to pay lower tax rates than the affluent workers under them.
Data for the chart above are drawn from calculations by the Tax Policy Center and the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.
This story is part of BBC Future's “Best of 2015” list, our greatest hits of the year. Browse the full list.
-
Once upon a time, your origins were easy to understand. Your dad met your mum, they had some fun, and from a tiny fertilised egg you emerged kicking and screaming into the world. You are half your mum, half your dad – and 100% yourself.
Except, that simple tale has now become a lot more complicated. Besides your genes from parents, you are a mosaic of viruses, bacteria – and potentially, other humans. Indeed, if you are a twin, you are particularly likely to be carrying bits of your sibling within your body and brain. Stranger still, they may be influencing how you act.
A very large number of different human and non-human individuals are struggling inside us for control
“Humans are not unitary individuals but superorganisms,” says Peter Kramer at the University of Padua. “A very large number of different human and non-human individuals are all incessantly struggling inside us for control.” Together with Paola Bressan, he recently wrote a paper in the journal Perspectives in Psychological Science, calling for psychologists and psychiatrists to appreciate the ways this may influence our behaviour.
That may sound alarming, but it has long been known that our bodies are really a mishmash of many different organisms. Microbes in your gut can produce neurotransmitters that alter your mood; some scientists have even proposed that the microbes may sway your appetite, so that you crave their favourite food. An infection of a parasite called Toxoplasma gondii, meanwhile, might just lead you to your death. In nature, the microbe warps rats' brains so that they are attracted to cats, which will then offer a cosy home for it to reproduce. But humans can be infected and subjected to the same kind of mind control too: the microbe seems to make someone risky, and increases the chance they will suffer from schizophrenia or suicidal depression. Currently, around a third of British meat carries this parasite, for instance – despite the fact an infection could contribute to these mental illnesses. “We should stop this,” says Kramer.
Infiltrating siblings
In this light, it becomes clear that our actions are not entirely our own. It's enough to make you question your sense of identity, but the idea of infiltration becomes even more eerie when you realise that your brain has not just been invaded by tiny microbes – but also by other human beings.
Even non-conjoined twins could be sharing organs without realising it
The most visible example might be a case of conjoined twins sharing a brain, says Kramer, but even regular twins could have shared organs without realising it. During early development, cells can be passed between twins or triplets. Once considered a rare occurrence, we now know it is surprisingly common. Around 8% of non-identical twins and 21% of triplets, for example, have not one, but two blood groups: one produced by their own cells, and one produced by “alien” cells absorbed from their twin. They are, in other words, a chimera – a fusion of two bodies – and it may occur in many organs, including the brain.
Brother from another mother Women accidentally carrying a "twin's" child Lydia Fairchild's paternity test was meant to be straightforward, proving to the courts that her two sons' father was the person she said he was. When the test came back, however, Fairchild herself came up as a blank: there was no trace of her DNA in her own children. The courts threatened to convict her of illegal surrogacy – they assumed it was a scam to gain benefits. Luckily, at around the same time, a scientific paper reported a similar case in which a woman was apparently not the biological mother of two of her three children. The reason was that she was a chimera: a case in which two twins had merged into one body early in development. Being the product of two different cell lines, some of her eggs carried a genome that was different from the rest of the body.
Needless to say, the discovery has caused Fairchild to question her own identity. “Telling my sons about this was the hardest part because I felt that part of me hadn't passed on to them,” she told the website Jezebel. “I thought, ‘Oh, I wonder if they'll really feel that I'm not quite their real mother somehow because the genes that I should've given to them, I didn't give to them.'”
A chimera brain could have serious consequences. For instance, we know that the arrangement of different brain regions can be crucial for its function – but the presence of foreign tissue, being directed by different genes carrying a different blueprint, may throw that intricate design into disarray. This may explain, for instance, why twins are less likely to be right-handed – a simple trait that normally relies on the relative organisation of the right and the left hemispheres. Perhaps chimerism has upset the balance.
Even if you do not think you ever had a twin, there are many other ways you might be invaded by another human's cells. It's possible, for instance, that you started off as two foetuses in the womb, but the twins merged during early development. Since it occurs at such an early age of development, the cells can become incorporated into the tissue and seem to develop normally, yet they are carrying another person's genetic blueprint. “You look like one person, but you have the cells of another person in you – effectively, you have always been two people,” says Kramer. In one extreme case, a woman was surprised to be told that she was not the biological mother of her two children (See “Brother from another mother”). Alternatively, cells from an older sibling might stay around the mother's body, only to find their way into your body after you are conceived.
However it happens, it's perfectly plausible that tissue from another human could cause the brain to develop in unexpected ways, says Lee Nelson from the University of Washington. She's currently examining whether cells from the mother herself may be implanted in the baby brain. “A difference in the amount, cell type, or the time during development at which the cells were acquired could all result in abnormalities,” she says.
Nelson has found that even as an adult, you are not immune from human invaders. A couple of years ago, Nelson and William Chan at the University of Alberta in Edmonton took slices of women's brain tissue and screened their genome for signs of the Y-chromosome. Around 63% were harbouring male cells. “Not only did we find male DNA in female human brains as a general observation, we found it to be present in multiple brain regions,” says Chan. In other words, their brains were speckled with cells from a man's body. One logical conclusion is that it came from a baby: somehow, her own son's stem cells had made it through the placenta and lodged in her brain. Strangely, this seemed to decrease the chances that the mother would subsequently develop Alzheimer's – though exactly why remains a mystery. Some researchers are even beginning to wonder whether these cells might influence a mother's mindset during pregnancy.
Our knowledge of the human “superorganism” is still in its infancy, so many of the consequences are purely theoretical at the moment. Kramer and Bressan's aim with their paper was not to give definitive answers, but to enlighten other psychologists and psychiatrists about the many entities that make us who we are today. “We cannot understand human behaviour by considering only one or the other individual,” Kramer says. “Ultimately, we must understand them all to understand how ‘we' behave.”
For instance, scientists often compare sets of twins to understand the origins of behaviour, but the fact that even non-identical twins may have swapped bits of brain tissue might have muddied those results. We should be particularly careful when using these twin studies to compare conditions such as schizophrenia that may arise from faulty brain organisation, Bressan and Kramer say.
In general, however, we shouldn't feel hostile towards these invaders – after all, they made you who you are today. “I think it is now clear that our natural immigrants are with us for the long-term, for better or for worse,” says Nelson. “And I would think “for better” outweighs ‘for worse'.”
David Robson is BBC Future's feature writer. He is @d_a_robson on Twitter. More of Ariko Inaoka's photography, including her portraits of the Icelandic twins Erna and Hrefna, can be found here.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Instagram
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders greets his supporters at a rally in Seattle last week. (Photo: David Ryder/Reuters)
Bernie Sanders has dubbed his presidential campaign a “political revolution,” but some of his supporters are rebelling against the very party he is hoping to lead.
A voluble group of die-hard Sanders backers is vowing online that it's “Bernie or Bust,” saying they will never support his presidential primary opponent — and, at this point, the likely Democratic nominee — Hillary Clinton.
Nearly two months after voting began in the Democratic primaries, Clinton has racked up a lead among pledged party delegates that makes a Sanders victory increasingly implausible. In apparent recognition of this mathematical challenge and the need to begin aiming fire outside the party, Sanders in recent weeks has pivoted away from Clinton and toward Republican frontrunner Donald Trump. Yet at the same time Sanders is making the case that he's actually more electable in a matchup with Trump, he has also started talking about the circumstances under which he would endorse Clinton. His senior adviser, Tad Devine, has even suggested that Sanders would consider serving as Clinton's running mate.
Despite these glimmers of reconciliation with his rival, Sanders may have unleashed a rebellion that will be beyond his power to control when it comes time to unify the party. Some “Bernie or Bust” stalwarts say they won't back Clinton even if Sanders joins her ticket.
After Clinton's string of victories in the first weeks of March, this weekend begins a favorable stretch of the primary calendar for Sanders. This kicked off with a sweep on Saturday, with wins in the caucuses in Hawaii, Alaska and Washington. This momentum means that there's little reason for some Sanders backers to reconsider their primary season passions anytime soon.
Russ Belville is an Internet radio host and marijuana legalization advocate based in Portland, Ore. In late February, he wrote a column for the Huffington Post laying out the bones of the “Bernie or Bust” position. In a conversation with Yahoo News earlier this month, Belville said Clinton couldn't get his vote even by joining forces with Sanders.
“If Bernie Sanders were to accept a vice presidential bid from Hillary Clinton, it would so disillusion me to the integrity of Bernie Sanders that I don't know what I would do. I can't even conceive of him accepting that offer,” Belville said.
James Scolari, a photographer in Los Angeles, echoed that view.
“I would never vote for Hillary Clinton, and, God, I hope Sanders wouldn't serve as her running mate,” Scolari said. “I don't believe he would.”
A supporter holds a poster at a rally for Sanders in Los Angeles on Wednesday. (Photo: Michael Owen Baker/AP)
Clinton's campaign declined to comment on this story. The “Bernie or Bust” voters who spoke with Yahoo News cited several areas where they view Clinton's policies as insufficiently progressive, including her stance on military intervention in the Middle East, fracking, the minimum wage, Wall Street regulation and campaign finance reform. They also pointed to instances where she has changed her position, such as on gay marriage, the Keystone pipeline and the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
“I just can't see myself voting for someone that's a warmongering person,” cinematographer Andy Kirn of Los Angeles said of Clinton. “There are certain things about Clinton that are so unsavory and so undesirable that I can't see myself legitimizing that with a vote, and I don't think I'm alone there.”
Belville argues that Clinton is a “Rockefeller Republican” in Democratic clothing. “I have longed for the return of moderate Republicans, just not in the Democratic Party,” Belville told Yahoo News. “I think my basic objection is: I'm on the left. I'd like there to be a party that represents me.”
By Amjad Alqasis/
In 2002 the Israeli Government decided to construct “a barrier” separating the West Bank and Israel with the declared purpose of improving the security of Israel by preventing Palestinians from entering Israel without first being cleared at a checkpoint.[1] Today, the Annexation and Segregation Wall consists partly of concrete slabs, which are eight to nine meters high and are connected to form a concrete wall, and partly of fences, ditches, razor wire, groomed sand paths, an electronic monitoring system, patrol roads and a buffer zone.[2]
The International Court of Justice (ICJ) declared in its Advisory Opinion on 9 July 2004 that the Annexation and Segregation Wall and its associated permit regime is contrary to international law and that all states are under an obligation not to render aid or assistance to maintain the situation created by its construction.[3] A particular concern of the ICJ was the location of the Annexation and Segregation Wall and the ICJ noted “that the route chosen for the wall gives expression in loco to the illegal measures taken by Israel, and deplored by the Security Council, with regard to Jerusalem and the settlements, and that it entails further alterations to the demographic composition of the Occupied Palestinian Territory.”[4]
When completed, the Annexation and Segregation Wall is going to be 712 kilometers long, which is more than twice the length of the Green Line,[5] and more than 9.4 percent of the West Bank and 30,000 Palestinians will be trapped between the Wall and the Green Line, an area now known as the seam zone.[6] The Human Rights Committee emphasized its concerns with the restrictions on freedom of movement imposed by the Annexation and Segregation Wall in its concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Israel.[7]
Twelve years have passed since this judgment was made, yet Israel refuses to act upon any of these internationally-recognized obligations. To the contrary, Israel's construction of the Wall continues steadily, and its associated regime of discriminatory legislation and practices remain firmly in place. The path of the Wall has resulted in the de-facto annexation of 9.4 percent of the West Bank.
But the Wall is “only” yet another tool deployed by Israel to continue the process of colonizing Mandate Palestine (the geographical area which was ruled by the British Mandate, until its withdrawal in May 1948: today the state of Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory). Simply put, the Israeli endeavour aims at emptying Mandate Palestine from its indigenous inhabitants, including areas that lie today within the borders of Israel proper. The intentionally designed displacement of Palestinians serves a parallel objective of relentlessly campaigning to settle Jewish-Israelis in colonies, illegal according to international law. In other words, Israel aims to colonize Palestine with Jewish immigrants (colonists) at the expense of the indigenous Palestinians, ultimately seeking to create a predominantly Jewish entity there as best described by Yosef Weitz, former director of the Land Department of the Jewish National Fund:
Between ourselves it must be clear that there is no room for both peoples together in this country… There is no other way than to transfer the Arabs from here to neighboring countries – all of them. Not one village, not one tribe should be left.[8]
This colonization, today, is carried out by Israel, in the form of the overall policy of ‘silent' transfer, and not by the mass deportations witnessed in 1948 or 1967. It is silent in the sense that Israel carries it out while trying to avoid international attention, displacing small numbers of people on a weekly basis. It is to be distinguished from the more overt transfer achieved under the veneer of warfare in 1948. Here it is important to note that Israel's transfer policy is neither limited by Israel's geographical boundaries nor those of the occupied Palestinian territory.
The Israeli policy of silent transfer is evident in the State's laws, policies and practices. Israel uses its power to discriminate, expropriate and ultimately effect the forcible displacement of the indigenous non-Jewish population from the area of Mandate Palestine. For instance, the Israeli land-planning and zoning system has forced 93,000 Palestinians in East-Jerusalem to build without proper construction permits because 87 percent of that area is off-limits to Palestinian use, and most of the remaining 13 percent is already built up.[9] Since the Palestinian population of Jerusalem is growing steadily, it has had to expand into areas not zoned for Palestinian residence by the State of Israel. All those homes are now under the constant threat of being demolished by the Israeli army or police, which will leave their inhabitants homeless and displaced.
Another example is the government-approved Prawer Plan, which calls for the forcible displacement of 30,000 – 70,000 Palestinian citizens of Israel due to an Israeli allocation policy which has not recognized over thirty-five Palestinian villages located in the Naqab (Negev).[10] Israel deems the inhabitants of those villages as illegal trespassers and squatters, and as such, they face the imminent threat of displacement. This is despite the fact that in many cases, these communities predate the State of Israel itself.
The Israeli Supreme Court bolstered this objective of clearing Palestine of its indigenous population in its 2012 decision prohibiting family unification between Palestinians with Israeli citizenship and their counterparts across and beyond the 1949 Armistice Line. The effect of this ruling has been that Palestinians with different residency statuses -such as Israeli citizen, Jerusalem ID, West Bank ID or Gaza ID which all are issued by Israel- cannot legally live together on either side of the 1949 Armistice Line. They are thus faced with a choice of living abroad, living apart from one another, or taking the risk of living together illegally.[11] Such a system is used as a further means of forcibly displacing Palestinians and thereby changing the demography of Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory in favor of a predominantly Jewish population. This demographic intention is reflected in the Court's reasoning for its decision, where it stated that “…human rights are not a prescription for national suicide.”[12] This reasoning was further emphasized by Knesset-member Otniel Schneller who stated that “The decision articulates the rationale of separation between the [two] peoples and the need to maintain a Jewish majority…and character…”.[13] This illustrates once more the Israeli state's self-image as a Jewish State with a different set of rights for its Jewish and non-Jewish, mainly Palestinian, inhabitants.
Separation and conquest
The enterprise of colonizing Palestine is deeply rooted in the principle of separation and conquest. The idea of “constructing a Wall” started with the first Zionist colonists groups entering Palestine in the beginning of the 20th Century. Kibbutzim were the first form of creating “little fortresses” in an unknown and hostile environment as seen by the Zionist colonists. The kibbutz, a collective community, was formed by European Jews to conquest Palestinian land and to separate the conquered land from its indigenous Palestinian inhabitants in order to establish a territory for the Jewish people. In this regard, Kibbutzim even “rejected” the exploitation of cheap Arab labor and used instead Yemenite Jewish agricultural workers.[14] This politics of separation and conquest is still visible today in various aspects and throughout all Mandate Palestine. Israeli cities in the Galilee or Israeli colonies in the West Bank resemble the architecture of “fortresses”. They are created on hilltops, completely encapsulated with only one or two streets leading to them, and their surroundings resemble a moat of trees and stones and impenetrable passages. It is also visible in Jerusalem where the Wall is created by discriminatory state and municipality practices and services. Palestinian neighborhoods are denied proper infrastructure or development contrary to Israeli Jewish colonies and neighborhoods in Jerusalem: although the Palestinian community in Jerusalem represents 35 percent of the city's population, and pays higher taxes than their Jewish Israeli counterparts, they receive less than 10 percent of the municipal budget.[15] Another example is the Palestinian city of Jericho where the city is encircled by an invisible Israeli wall which prohibits the city of its natural growth. The city's outskirts are part of the Area C of the West Bank where Israel virtually eliminates the possibility for further construction and development;[16] and therefore separates the city from its own environment.
Therefore, the Wall is not only built by concrete stone, it is seeded in the Zionist ideology of separation and conquest.
About the author:
Amjad Alqasis holds a LL.M. in international public law and is a legal researcher and a member of the Legal Support Network of BADIL Resource Center for Palestinian Residency and Refugee Rights. From 2011-2014 he was the coordinator of BADIL's international and legal advocacy program. Since August 2014, Amjad has been an advisor at Al Haq Center for Applied International Law. He has published several articles and researches on various topics concerning the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
[1] OCHA – Occupied Palestinian Territories, “Barrier Portal”, 2014. Available at: http://www.ochaopt.org/content.aspx?id=1010271
[2] OCHA – Occupied Palestinian Territories, “10 Years since the International Court of Justice (ICJ) Advisory Opinion”, 9 July 2014, page 2. Available at: http://www.ochaopt.org/documents/ocha_opt_10_years_barrier_report_english.pdf
[3] International Court of Justice, “Legal Consequences of the Construction of the Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 2004”, 9 July 2004. Available at: http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/index.php?pr=71&code=mwp&p1=3&p2=4&p3=6&ca.
[5] Ma'an News Agency, “Israel court rules against separation wall in Beit Jala”, 2 April 2015. Available at: https://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=760247
[6] HaMoked – center for the Defence of the Individual, “The Permit Regime: Human Rights Violations in West Bank Areas Known as the ‘Seam Zone'”, March 2013, pages 5 & 9. Available at: http://www.hamoked.org/files/2013/1157660_eng.pdf
[7] UN Human Rights Committee, “Concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Israel (Advance Unedited Version)”, October 2014, page 7. Available at: http://www.ccprcentre.org/doc/2014/10/CCPR_C_ISR_CO_41.doc
[8] Joseph Weitz, Davar, September 29, 1967, cited in Uri Davis and Norton Mevinsky, eds., Documents from Israel, 1967-1973, p.21.
[9] OCHA-OPT, Demolitions and Forced Displacement in the Occupied West Bank (2012).
[10] See Adalah, “The Prawer Plan and Analysis” (October 2013), at: http://www.adalah.org/upfiles/2011/Overview%20and%20Analysis%20of%20the%20Prawer%20Committee%20Report%20Recommendations%20Final.pdf.
[11] See HCJ 466/07, MK Zahava Galon v. The Attorney General, et al. (petition dismissed 11 January 2012).
[12] Ben White, “Human rights equated with national suicide”, Aljazeera (12 January 2012) at: http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2012/01/20121121785669583.html.
[14] See Uri Ram, The Changing Agenda of Israeli Sociology: Theory, Ideology, and Identity, SUNY Press, 2012.
[15] See the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs at: http://www.ochaopt.org/.
WHEN Charles Grassley, chair of the Senate judiciary committee, said in the spring that he expected an imminent Supreme Court vacancy, all eyes turned to Anthony Kennedy. The 81-year-old native Californian, appointed by Ronald Reagan in 1988, is the court's longest-serving member. He is also the median justice on a court often riven between four conservatives and four liberals on hot-button questions. At a reunion of his law clerks in June, Justice Kennedy widened everyone's eyes when he said “there has been a lot of speculation about a certain announcement from me” before declaring with a wink that the bar was staying open late. The teasing may have fooled Mr Grassley for a time, but the Iowa senator is changing his tune. “Evidently”, he told Reuters last week, the Supreme Court vacancy is “not going to happen”.
Why is Justice Kennedy hanging around for another year? Maybe he would like to put in a full three decades before hanging up his robe. Maybe he isn't anxious to give Donald Trump an opportunity to replace him. Or maybe the dazzling array of cases coming to the Supreme Court in the term beginning on October 2nd is just too tantalising to watch from the sidelines. Whatever his motivation, Justice Kennedy is likely to be the central player in a number of the most contentious disputes he and his eight colleagues will hear when they return from their summer break.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The first blockbuster comes on the second day of the term when the court hears Gill v Whitford, a challenge to partisan gerrymandering that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says is “perhaps the most important” of the term and that Ian Samuel, co-host of First Mondays, a podcast about the Supreme Court, told listeners may be the “most important of your life”. The question is whether there are constitutional limits to gerrymandering, the practice of drawing district lines to maximise one party's chances of electoral success. Following their sweeping wins in 2010, Republicans redrew electoral maps with stunning precision: 1.3m more voters opted for Democrats than Republicans in House races in 2012, but Republicans won a 234-201 majority. In Wisconsin, the focus of Gill, 51% of voters in 2012 picked Democrats for the state assembly, but Republicans wound up with 60 of the 99 seats. When the court last heard a gerrymandering challenge in 2004, Justice Kennedy couldn't settle on a satisfactory limit but wrote that if “workable standards” were to surface distinguishing permissible from out-of-bounds partisanship, “courts should be prepared to order relief”. Gill isn't being overhyped: a ruling against extreme gerrymanders could re-jig American politics at the state and national levels for the coming decade and beyond.
One week after the Gill hearing, on October 10th, Justice Kennedy will again be the focus of attention when the long-simmering dispute over Donald Trump's executive order halting the refugee programme and freezing travel from several Muslim-majority nations gets a full hearing at the Supreme Court. The plaintiffs say that Mr Trump's unprecedented ban on the entry of millions of foreign nationals has no basis in national security and is fuelled by unconstitutional prejudice toward Muslims. On that theory, several district courts, and two appeals courts, blocked the order. Now the Supreme Court will decide whether the travel ban originated in a defensible conception of presidential authority. Justice Kennedy appears to be the key vote in Trump v International Refugee Assistance Project for two reasons: he developed the doctrine of “animus” at the heart of rulings striking down laws that burden gays and lesbians, and his concurrence in a 2015 case suggested that immigration limits might be illegal if an official seems to be acting in “bad faith”.
Later in the term, the court will hear the ideologically fraught case of Jack Phillips, a baker who refused to make a cake for two men planning a wedding. Masterpiece Cakeshop v Colorado Civil Rights Division features a clash of two ideals Justice Kennedy holds dear: gay rights and religious liberty. When he voted to make same-sex marriage a constitutional right in 2015, Justice Kennedy added a note to the ruling: “Those who adhere to religious doctrines may continue to advocate with utmost, sincere conviction that, by divine precepts, same-sex marriage should not be condoned”. The free-exercise clause of the first amendment, he added, “ensures that religious organisations and persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their lives and faiths”. Can Mr Phillips live out his life as a Christian man opposed to gay marriage if he must choose, as Colorado requires him to, between making cakes for all and making them for no one? Again, as his colleagues will in all likelihood be split four-to-four, that question may be Justice Kennedy's to resolve.
There are other significant tussles coming up in October Term 2017 in which Justice Kennedy's vote may be decisive, including a fourth-amendment mobile phone privacy case and petitions concerning labour-union fees and employment discrimination against gays and lesbians. But the busy year for the swing justice may be his last. He has reportedly told potential applicants for 2018 clerkships that he is considering retirement. Perhaps it's best to take that with a grain of salt—as always, nothing is official until Justice Kennedy makes up his mind.
In Europe's multilayered malaise of 2016, there are few things the educated elites of the Old World can agree on. But what almost everyone accepts as fundamentally true is that nationalism is evil, that it is one of Europe's big weaknesses, and that the current so-called renationalization of EU politics is the root cause of the existential crisis the integration project is facing.
When half-truths turn into mantra, one always needs to be cautious. The wholesale condemnation of nationalism in Europe is both historically understandable and a sign of lazy thinking. It is an indicator of the biggest intellectual weakness of the pro-integration elites: their cluelessness about the positive framing power of the nation.
Jan Techau Techau was the director of Carnegie Europe, the European center of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Techau works on EU integration and foreign policy, transatlantic affairs, and German foreign and security policy. More > @Jan_Techau
For almost everybody, nationalism, in its current usage, is an indisputably terrible thing, and European integration is a political project designed to overcome it. According to this reading, nationalism led Europeans into the abyss twice in the twentieth century, and it needed to be replaced by something bigger, more benign, less divisive, more brotherly. To reign in the explosive powers of that most modern and historically most impactful political invention of European ingenuity, the nation-state, an even more modern, even more impactful new political invention needed to be launched. The result was cooperation at the European level among the very entities that would otherwise continue to butcher each other.
Yet not every ism is a bad thing, and nationalism—understood as love for one's nation—also has a profoundly positive side. To grasp the concept's full meaning, it is helpful to realize that the nation is not an idea that narrows comprehension of and empathy for other human beings, but rather that it is wholly capable of doing the exact opposite. Nationalism can expand the space in which people care for each other. It allows people to feel solidarity with and connections to other humans outside the limiting frameworks of the family, the clan, and the tribe. Nationalism allows people to relate to complete strangers, share their worries, and feel responsible for their well-being. It also allows people to create strong identities that transcend their immediate local surroundings. This is why the nation-state and, indeed, nationalism have been so successful historically.
The scholar who saw this mechanism most clearly and who became famous for spelling it out was Benedict Anderson, an Irish political scientist, erstwhile Marxist, and lifelong anti-imperialist activist. In his classic study Imagined Communities, Anderson made this stunning statement:
In an age when it is so common for progressive, cosmopolitan intellectuals (particularly in Europe?) to insist on the near-pathological character of nationalism, its roots in fear and hatred of the Other, and its affinities with racism, it is useful to remind ourselves that nations inspire love, and often profoundly self-sacrificing love.
Anderson died on December 13, 2015, and with him all understanding of the usefulness of the nation seems to have vanished too. But it is becoming clearer in Europe on a daily basis that an EU built on the negation of the nation will not last. It is true that in a globalized, multifaceted world, Europe's survival will depend on integration and cooperation at a level that goes beyond the national level. But this integration project will be successful only if it is constructed in a way that leaves the national level intact, instead of trying to render it irrelevant or even destroy it. Europe will be built with and alongside nations, or it will not be built.
For it to succeed, European integration—of which more will be needed if Europeans want to retain stability and current levels of economic well-being—needs to learn a crucial trick from the nation. In much the same way that the power of the nation made people look beyond the blood bonds of family and tribe and elevate solidarity to a higher level, so European integration needs to surpass citizens' attachment to the nation and raise it by one level. The trick is not to dismiss the lower-level identity and try to make it superfluous. The trick is to leave the nation undamaged and add another layer that can become politically and emotionally meaningful.
This is the core mistake of much well-intentioned intellectual moralizing at the moment. It explicitly or implicitly tries to define as harmful something that people are fundamentally attached to and asks them to abandon it in favor of something that is not yet quite as meaningful and comforting. This is why so much of classic federalist thinking, so much of the ideology of ever-closer union, and so much of the “nationalism is evil” narrative sounds hollow and theoretical to the people of Europe and makes them feel suspicious about the EU.
Instead of dismissing the nation as a thing of the past, Europe needs to learn from it and emulate its ability to create solidarity and the willingness to sacrifice. Rather than focusing just on the abuses and limitations that nationalism can doubtless bring with it, Europe needs to learn the secret of how to lift a feeling of belonging to a higher level.
This has nothing to do with the confusion of national identity and sovereignty that has contaminated the Europe debate in so many countries. The crucial lesson is that national identity can stay intact long after sovereignty has been at least partly shared and traded in for the greater benefit of unified action at a higher level. It has everything to do with creating a sense of European togetherness that is perceived as a useful, comforting, emotionally sound addition to established forms of community at the national and regional levels.
The EU and its Brussels-based institutions will have to change very fundamentally to make this shift possible. It will not be easy, to say the least. But one thing is clear: the changes will have to accommodate the positive power of the nation, or the effort will end in disaster.
Dodge Taxes Legally... Become Treasury Secretary
If you don't want to pay capital gains taxes, work for the President…or have lots and lots of kids.
In the biggest stock sale of his life, former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson didn't pay one dollar of capital gains tax. Nearly $500 million worth of Goldman Sachs shares – a profit of hundreds of millions of dollars – and not a red cent went to the IRS. Paulson's Treasury predecessors Robert Rubin and Paul O'Neil enjoyed a similar tax dodge themselves…as did many other familiar Washingtonians over the last 20 years, like Donald Rumsfeld and Donald Evans.
You could enjoy the shade of this shelter too. All it takes is the President's blessing.
President George H. W. Bush is the originator of this refuge for the political elite. His Ethics and Reform Act of 1989 – ironically – was a soft-core crackdown on abuse of privilege in government…no more honoraria for federal employees (except Senators, of course), post-employment restrictions on Congressmen, increased financial disclosure and so on. But the Act also introduced Section 1043 of the Internal Revenue Code, a tax shelter available to those that need it the least.
Under the guise of not wanting to “discourage able citizens from entering public service,” Section 1043 is an alteration of the government's conflict of interest rules. Before 1043, executive appointees (mostly high-up cabinet members and judges) had to sell positions in certain companies to combat conflict of interest – like say, a former Goldman Sachs CEO-turned Treasury Secretary with millions of GS shares. After Sec. 1043, the appointee gets a one-time rollover. Upon their appointment, he or she can transfer their shares to a blind trust, a broad market fund or into treasury bonds. They'll have to pay taxes on the position one day, but not immediately after the sale… like the rest of us.
So if you were Hank Paulson, sitting on 3.23 million shares of Goldman Sachs in 2006, the chance to defer tens of millions of dollars of taxes was a pretty sweet deal. Paulson, along with almost every executive appointee (and their spouses and kids!), have been granted a tax shelter that is totally unattainable for the everyday investor. Section 1043 goes beyond leveling the playing field for public servants. In fact, it incentivizes service. It puts appointed officials on a higher playing field than their constituents.
Many investors will, if they haven't already, experience a moment where they're desperate for a free pass out of one investment and into another. Imagine getting willed a million shares of Enron in 1999, or being on the verge of retirement in 2007. Your editor had shares of PNC passed down in his family for decades… Dad took a notable tax hit when he sold before the credit crisis. Too bad he wasn't Secretary of the Treasury. He could have rolled those shares of PNC into a money market fund – largely what Hank Paulson did – and enjoyed income on subsequent gains BEFORE being taxed on the original investment.
(All of these underscores the oddity of the US capital gains tax. It's not a tax on gains, but a tax on transactions. What does an investor truly “gain” from moving out of one position and into another? The capital gains tax should only be exacted when an investor truly cashes out of a position. Otherwise, it's tax on changing your mind. It's a tax on diversification and rebalancing. In other words, the government is giving you incentive to “buy and hold,” a principle that has been just terrific for American mainstay stocks like GM, Bank of America or General Electric.)
So what's a humble investor to do?
If you really feel like wasting your time, write your Congressman. Otherwise, maximize the potential of our absurdly complicated tax code. It's damn hard, if not illegal, to get a pass on capital gains tax the way Hank Paulson did. But you can take the edge off.
One of the most popular – and legal – ways is giving appreciated stock to your child. Each child can get a “gift” of up to $13,000 a year from each parent, tax free. Unless you've got a very entrepreneurial kid, he or she is probably in the lowest tax bracket. So you can give them the stock and they can sell it at a much lower tax rate.
There are other, more complicated ways, too – some of which involve forming corporations or trusts. Charitable remainder trusts, for example, produce tax benefits, while also providing funds for charitable endeavors. Of course the money won't belong to you anymore, but at least you would have the chance to finance the charities of your choosing, rather than the pork-barrel projects of the government's choosing.
Either way, don't just sit back and assume that paying the full tax is the fair consequence of investment success. You're in this mess to make money for you and the people you care about. Hank Paulson and his executive branch buddies found a shortcut – so should you.
My understanding of American tax law is far from comprehensive. Think of it like skydiving… I'm comfortable explaining the basics, but you wouldn't want me packing your parachute. If you want to minimize your capital gains taxes, find a good accountant.
Regards,
Ian Mathias
for The Daily Reckoning
Story highlights Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov makes the claim at an event in Moscow
"Practically no one denies this," he tells a policy committee
A Russia expert calls Lavrov's words "a new low in relations"
In Ukraine last week, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden criticized "Russian aggression"
(CNN) With tensions simmering over the deadly crisis in Ukraine, Russia has accused the West of seeking regime change in Moscow, prompting renewed comparisons with the Cold War era.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of Russia made the comments at an event Saturday as he attacked Western sanctions on Russian interests.
"As for the concept behind the use of coercive measures, the West is making it clear it does not want to try to change the policy of the Russian Federation ... they want to change the regime -- practically no one denies this," Lavrov said at a meeting of a foreign and domestic policy council in Moscow.
His words reflect the deterioration of his government's relations with the United States and many European nations over the conflict in Ukraine. Western powers accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment to help separatists in eastern Ukraine in their fight against Ukrainian government forces.
Moscow has voiced moral support for the rebels and sent aid convoys into the region, but it has repeatedly denied military involvement.
Read More
DETROIT — I like to shoot photos, but I do not consider myself a photographer. I'm a word man by trade, but as they say, sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words.
Sunday night, in the bedlam of the Giants' cramped clubhouse at Comerica Park, with no interviews possible because of the crush of dancing players and blasts of Champagne, I decided to hold up my little iPhone and start shooting randomly.
Somehow, I snapped the best sports photo I ever have taken, totally by accident but perhaps by some divine guidance from those baseball gods players are always referencing.
I managed to capture the radiant face of Ryan Vogelsong, lifting the World Series trophy high over his head, tears streaming down his face. He had not so much a look of triumph but a gaze of relief and redemption at the end of a long, arduous, uncertain journey, one fraught with detours and many potential dead ends.
The whole of the photo is a bit blurry. But at its center is that face — total clarity amid total chaos. Look at it. It's beautiful. In that face, you see all the way to Japan, where Vogelsong pitched for three years when nobody here wanted him. In that face, you see minor league towns such as Lynchburg, Va., and Altoona, Pa.
You see the release of years of athletic struggle, of persistence against long odds, of untold moments of near surrender to a game that so often is brutal in its dispensation of frustration and defeat.
Those tears in his eyes should bring tears to your eyes. Did mine. Because let's face it, most of us are lucky if we have a little Ryan Vogelsong in us, trying to fight the good fight, trying to make an honest buck, trying to extract whatever talents and resolve we have deep within us, and finally, trying to achieve that one brief moment of ultimate triumph that makes the challenges of life all worth it.
You don't see this kind of special victory in sports very often, particularly in the glorious but cruel game of baseball. Just two weeks ago, in the very same clubhouse where the Giants celebrated their second title in three years, I stood at a locker interviewing A's outfielder Coco Crisp, tears fairly evident in his eyes, trying to explain why he didn't catch that fly ball in Game 2 of the American League Division Series.
It wasn't for lack of trying. I vividly remember the replay as Crisp — a very gifted outfielder — tried once, tried twice, tried three times to snare the loose ball that very well could have put the A's in position to do what the Giants did Sunday.
It barely fell from his grasp.
As players so often say, that's baseball. It's a game that can reward you in so many ways, but more often than not, it rips your heart out.
So why do men play it? To have a moment — just one — like Ryan Vogelsong's.
Those of us who report get to share in those rare moments, fortunately. I've covered sports for 40 years, mostly in search of precious snapshots like this one. I've seen a handful, not all of them captured on camera but forever burned into memory.
Long ago, I gave up rooting for brands. Hey, it's great the Giants won their second World Series in three years, a fabulous achievement. But it's not about the uniform or the city it represents. It's about the people, and how they cultivated a collective alchemy from spring training to now and delivered us this wonderful, mind-blowing odyssey.
This has been an epic baseball season in the Bay Area, maybe one that will never be topped again. The Giants were an unlikely success story — the A's even more so — and both teams were fun to be around because of their wide range of personality and depth of character.
But this is the Giants' day, a day to reflect on their many heroes.
Who could not revel in a good man such as Barry Zito overcoming the widespread scorn of fans to rewrite his San Francisco legacy? How about Gregor Blanco, a fringe player who somehow stepped in and filled Melky Cabrera's empty shoes?
Then there was Marco Scutaro, a one-time bench player who at 36 became an offensive force and a spiritual leader in three short months.
How about Tim Lincecum, experiencing failure for the first time in his baseball life, searching to find an avenue of competitive salvation and finally finding the grail out in the bullpen?
There was Sergio Romo, from the hardscrabble border town of Brawley, mowing down the Detroit Tigers in the 10th inning of Game 4 and capping it with one last masterstroke fastball to Triple Crown winner Miguel Cabrera. It was tantamount to throw a pork chop past a wolf and getting away with it, but it was fine art.
After the game, the emotional Romo — with those same wet, red eyes as Vogelsong's — curtly rebuffed the media at almost every turn, perhaps gripped by so much sensory overload that he wasn't yet ready to put it all in perspective.
Mix in with those men the bona fide stars.
Matt Cain, the rock, talking calmly like the Giants statesman that he is. Pablo Sandoval, the bad-ball hitting Panda who was supposedly too overweight to do what he did to Justin Verlander, giggling like a little kid on the interview podium and afterward remarking that he didn't much care for Corvettes, his reward for being named Series MVP.
And, of course, there was that other MVP, Buster Posey, the man with the regal calm and glow so reminiscent of Joe Montana. While other players were going berserk with joy in the middle of the clubhouse, Posey stood quietly and watched by himself from a nearby room, flashing a cool and satisfied smile. As much as he already has accomplished at 25, you sense this is only the beginning for him.
But the pure essence of what we witnessed this past week, this month, this season, was right there on Vogelsong's face. He was the soul of this Giants team, its microcosm, a man who never gave up chasing his baseball dream even when things looked their most grim. So many chases, so few reach their destination.
To see his face in the aftermath was to understand how the Giants could miraculously rally from down two against Cincinnati, then do it again against St. Louis, and finally, with the finish line so close, steamroll the Tigers in four games to become champions of the baseball world.
That's the way I saw it, anyway, in roughly a thousand words. But that photo, that face, tells so much more. It tells you if you want something bad enough in baseball — or in life — you just never give up.
According to Michelle Smith of ESPN, the Warriors organization has confirmed its interest in the Sparks, just one day after it was announced that Paula Madison would no longer own the team.
Warriors spokesman Raymond Ridder provided a statement that a WNBA team acquisition isn't imminent, though the team is interested:
Our ownership group has maintained their interest in operating a WNBA team in the Bay Area since acquiring the Warriors three years ago. We've had exploratory conversations relating to this topic with the WNBA on several occasions since 2010, including most recently regarding the Los Angeles franchise. At this point, our dialogue remains in the exploratory stage as we evaluate the complexities of any such acquisition now or in the future.
At any rate, if Joe Lacob and the Warriors organization ultimately buy the Sparks, the franchise will relocate to the San Francisco Bay, perhaps as early as this summer.
Lacob has also been a known long-time women's basketball supporter as he used to own the San Jose Lasers of the now-defunct American Basketball League, and also is a season ticket holder for the Stanford University women's basketball team.
This should be good news for the WNBA, from the standpoint that there still will be 12 teams in the league for 2014, even if the Sparks do move up north to the San Francisco Bay.
EXCLUSIVE: Sony's Spider-Man: Homecoming has racked up more than $140 million in media value in a global promotional campaign that spans 30 brands. That's the most lucrative ever for a Spider-Man title and on par dollar-wise with the global pushes of Sony's 007 movies Skyfall and Spectre.
In addition, the value of Homecoming‘s campaign outstrips that of Marvel's previous summer release Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2, which analysts valued around $80M. Throughout the film's PR and marketing drumming, Spider-Man star Tom Holland has been the face for the film, front and center, with director Jon Watts even helming a Dell ad spot and an ESPN NBA Finals custom ad.
“Teaming with these incredible worldwide partners, it signals to the world that Spider-Man: Homecoming is more than a movie: it's a global cultural event,” said Josh Greenstein, Sony's president of worldwide marketing and distribution.
“We have been evolving our promotional campaigns to go well beyond the 30-second spot,” added Sony's partnerships group chief Jeffrey Godsick, who oversaw the campaign. “With longer form pieces of content, digital games and activations, and publicity stunts and events, the Spider-Man: Homecoming program best reflects this evolution.”
Having a car tie-in always indicates how platinum a pic's promotional campaign is, and in Homecoming‘s case they had Audi both as a promo partner and for product placement. The new Audi A8 luxury sedan, tricked out with the Audi AI traffic jam pilot, made its big-screen debut in a scene where Jon Favreau's Happy chauffeurs Tom Holland's Peter Parker. The traffic jam pilot allows the A8 to take over driving for short periods of time, and we see this when Happy takes his hands off the wheel and the car continues to drive by itself.
Audi released the digital short “Driver's Test” on YouTube which follows Holland's Parker as he prepares to take his driving test with an instructor played by J.B. Smoove. The short drew close to 4.1M views on YouTube and 10M overall with a 99% positive response. On screen, Robert Downey Jr.'s Tony Stark appeared in the Audi R8 V10 Spyder while Parker hijacks the Audi TTS Roadster.
Sony also teamed with Dell behind and in front of the camera with a global campaign that highlighted the PC company's new gaming laptop, the Inspiron 15 7000. Dell products were inserted into the pic's storyline, and the summer marketing collaboration spanned TV, cinema, print, digital advertising, outdoor, and consumer activations. The Watts-helmed spot (2.8M YouTube views) showcased Parker daydreaming in class about an epic clash between Spider-Man and Michael Keaton's Vulture. The spot aired on TV in the U.S., China, UK, Brazil, Japan, Australia and Mexico across cinema, online and TV. There was also a Spider-Man Scramble digital game in NYC's Times Square tied to the launch of the Inspiron 15 7000.
Pizza Hut is Homecoming‘s worldwide food partner, propping up its Cheesy Bites pizza. The restaurant featured a custom TV commercial and pizza box in more than 15,000 locations globally. Some studios choose to follow a strict nutritional standard with their promo partners and the cost of that can be seen in fewer media dollars.
In the U.S. and Canada, General Mills, Synchrony, Dave & Busters and Movietickets.com, and Goodwill were among the brands involved with Homecoming. General Mills featured an “augmented reality experience” across their Big G cereal, Chex Mix, Nature Valley, Fruit by the Foot, and Fruit Roll-Ups lines whereby folks looking at certain boxes could transform themselves into Spider-Man and battle Vulture in scenes from the movie. Better than a Cracker Jack prize? How about a free Spider-Man water shooter inside the cereal box. Synchrony Bank served up a Marvel Mastercard. There was an exclusive Homecoming arcade game at Dave & Buster's, in addition to in-store and media ads. MovieTickets had a four-pic purchase promo deal built around Homecoming. Goodwill, top YouTube talent and the YouTube Space LA partnered for a “we can all be Spider-Man” community campaign with a build-your-own suit contest. The winner was celebrated at the movie's premiere and a co-branded Goodwill campaign focused on being a community hero.
Telecom Mobile Italia
Outside North America, Baskin Robbins/Dunkin' Donuts touted a gift-with-purchase and sweepstakes in 2K-plus locations in Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam. Some markets even created Spider-Man-themed ice cream cakes and new ice cream flavors. Danone Waters ran image campaigns in over 600K stories for their water products B'lue and Mizone in China, Indonesia, Philippines, and Hong Kong/Macau. Panasonic Batteries were in more than 40 European markets with a “Create Your Own Web” sweepstakes to win a trip to New York. Homecoming partnered with M&Ms in both a digital and in-theater ads throughout Europe and Asia. Mondelez (Trident and Hollywood Gum) advertised their bottle pack range with an on-pack Homecoming campaign across France, Spain, Portugal and Greece.
Other global Homecoming partners included Asus, Bimbo, Jetstar, KEF, Kellogg's, Lieferheld, Pepsico, Plus, Roady, Snickers, Sony Mobile, Oppo, Optus, UK's Compare the Market price comp website and the French Ministry of Transport and Security. Homecoming had a big footprint in Italy via Telecom Italia Mobile with multimedia promotions that were viewed closed to 11M times in a country with a population of under 60M. Doritos, which featured a Walkman-style player of the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 soundtrack built into chip bags in North America, made inroads in China with custom Homecoming ad spots and and an in-store presence. Total reach in the Middle Kingdom was 110M views.
When it comes to merchandising, we hear that's where Marvel benefits the most because the studio controls that aspect of Spider-Man while Sony has the feature film license. Spider-Man retails sales per NPD were estimated to be in the $1.3 billion range annually three years ago when Amazing Spider-Man 2 hit theaters, while Avengers generated $1 billion.
A Chinese soldier stands guard outside the North Korean embassy in Beijing on January 6, 2016. Chinese state media warned North Korea against pursuing a path of "extreme danger." Photo by Stephen Shaver/UPI | License Photo
BEIJING, Jan. 29 (UPI) -- China is refraining from support of tougher sanctions proposed by the United States, but North Korea's recent provocations are headed for "extreme danger," according to state media.
Beijing's Global Times stated in an editorial Saturday that Pyongyang is headed on a path of peril and should the country continue to expand its nuclear weapons arsenal it should not "expect China's protection," Yonhap reported.
The statement not only referred to the North's fourth nuclear test on Jan. 6, but also to recent reports the North appeared to be preparing for a long-range rocket sendoff at its Sohae Satellite Launching Station.
"If that is true, [North Korea] is approaching a point of extreme danger," the Chinese paper's statement read, adding Pyongyang's purported development of atomic and hydrogen bombs only further raises the risk "to themselves."
The Beijing media outlet also warned the North of "overrating" its own capabilities, and said Pyongyang shouldn't expect China's protection at the United Nations Security Council, where Beijing is a permanent member.
Earlier on Thursday the Chinese Foreign Ministry had advised Pyongyang against extreme actions that would lead to a vicious cycle of tensions.
Recent satellite imagery, however, is showing North Korea activity at its long-range rocket launch pad in Dongchang-ri has accelerated since December.
RELATED South Korea THAAD deployment raises China concerns
The movements at the launch pad were confirmed by sources in Seoul and Tokyo who spoke to press on the condition of anonymity.
On Friday South Korean military and intelligence officials told news outlet CBS No Cut News there is a high likelihood the rocket that the North plans to launch is the KN-08, an intercontinental ballistic missile with a range of 8,000 miles.
The KN-08 was on display last October in Pyongyang during the 70th anniversary of the founding of the Korean Workers' Party.
Following smartphone teasers from LG, and Samsung, Lenovo decided it doesn't want to be left behind. On Friday, a company Twitter account posted a teaser image of an upcoming smartphone, scheduled to be launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, which kicks off Monday, Feb. 22.
The teaser image shows an extremely thin device which seems to be covered by a layer of liquid metal. In the tweet (below), Lenovo reveals two pieces of information: The new device will be "gorgeous," and it's been "engineered from scratch."
A gorgeous new device has been engineered from scratch to deliver the #Knockout punch. Brace yourselves. pic.twitter.com/PKwuxkaJEg — Lenovo India (@Lenovo_in) February 12, 2016
That's not all, though. In a new tweet Monday, Lenovo India posted another image of the device, possibly revealing what the "#Knockout punch" marketing lingo refers to: Dolby Atmos. The name refers to Dolby's technology that delivers a surround sound through stereo speakers.
In Lenovo's image, two speaker grills are clearly visible on the back of the device, indicating the phone will have stereo speakers.
Brace yourselves for rich & powerful sound as this device is set to deliver the #Knockout punch thanks to DolbyAtmos pic.twitter.com/SqY9oaNMpX — Lenovo India (@Lenovo_in) February 15, 2016
No other information about the device has been revealed, but we'll find out more next week in Barcelona, so stay tuned.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
ISLAMABAD: The new visa policy between India and Pakistan, to be signed on Saturday, has eased restrictions on visitors from both the countries.There will be a single-entry visitor visa for a maximum period of six months but the stay cannot exceed three months at a time and for five places (currently limited to three places).Also, business visa has been separated from visitor visa, a communique said.Under a new category, a visitor visa for a maximum of five specified places may be issued for a longer period of up to two years with multiple entries to senior citizens (above 65); spouse of a national of one country married to person of another country and children below 12 accompanying parent(s).Also, transit visa will now be issued within 36 hours instead of 72 hours.Under the existing visa agreement, the single entry visa is issued for three months for meeting relatives, friends, business or other legitimate purposes. However, the visa can be issued for a longer period not exceeding a year owing to the nature of work or business.Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik and India's external affairs minister S M Krishna will sign the agreement. Krishna is on a three-day visit to Pakistan.Malik on Friday said: "The biggest thing is that the visa agreement will be of benefit to the common people of both India and Pakistan. There is no loss for anyone in this."Meanwhile, Hina Rabbani Khar , Pakistan's foreign minister, hasn't offered much hope of speedier progress on the trial of top Lashkar leaders accused in the 26/11 terror strike.Two other agreements - on allowing people to cross LoC for pilgrimage purposes and a cultural exchange deal - are also being discussed.Khar promised a new approach to India and insisted it was not in Pakistan's interest to allow 26/11 to "fester into an issue" in bilateral relations but countered India's concern on the trial by pointing to the slow progress in the Samjhauta Express case where Pakistani tourists were targeted by Hindu extremists. "If you doubt our intentions, look at the case of Samjhauta Express. We have said that once the process of co-examination of evidence, the opportunity of that is provided, we can hope for some forward movement," she said.(Inputs from IANS)
Director: Barry Jenkins.
Screenplay: Barry Jenkins.
Starring: Trevante Rhodes, Ashton Sanders, Alex R. Hibbert, Mahershala Ali, Naomie Harris, Janelle Monáe, André Holland, Jharrel Jerome, Jaden Piner, Duan Sanderson, Shariff Earp.
“At some point, you gotta decide for yourself who you're going to be. Can't let anybody make that decision for you”
Backed by Brad Pitt and his production company Plan B, Moonlight done the festival circuit before becoming a darling with the critics. It has since received 8 Oscar nominations and it's probably fair to say that it has become the biggest underdog success story of the year. As impressive as these accolades are, though, there's still an overhanging question… Is it actually any good?
Plot: A story told in three defining chapters on the life of a young man named Chiron. From a young boy, (played by Alex R. Hibbert) he questions who he really is before we follow him through high-school (played by Ashton Sanders) and his relationships with his peers and exploration with connections. We then settle on Chiron as an adult (played by Trevante Rhodes) and him coming to terms with his identity.
I have to admit that I really wasn't drawn to Moonlight when I first heard about it. It might have been a film that I would've eventually given a chance. However, call me a victim of hype if you like, but once the reviews started pouring in and the Oscar nominations were announced, I knew I couldn't drag my heels any longer and had to give it a look sooner than I intended.
Just so we're clear from offset here; I got the message of Moonlight. I got what it was trying to say. I was even impressed with its artistic approach and it's seamless merging of three narratives. It's a story about connection, sexuality and masculinity. It's a universal tale about self-discovery. I didn't misunderstand it. What I don't understand is the praise that's been lavished upon it. This is, unequivocally, one of the most overrated films in quite some time.
I'll give director Barry Jenkins his due, his deliberate approach to the material is impressive as it verges on european art-house. Some of the his and cinematographer James Laxton's eye for a shot can be striking but, in the end, the film meanders and finds it very difficult to steer clear of contrivance. Frankly, the film takes far too long to say anything. Tedium sets in very quickly and by the time the film reaches its final third, it dawns on you that all you're really getting from this is pretentious twaddle.
It talks a lot, but (like Chiron himself) says very little. It has been said that “humility is no substitute for a good personality” and this is the case with our lead character. He's very difficult to identify with and any personality he might have must have been kept in his underpants as it certainly wasn't anywhere to be seen onscreen.
What Ang Lee done for cowboys in 2005's Brokeback Mountain, Barry Jenkins does for drug trapping homies in Moonlight. It sheds its light on the plight of gay men who struggle with their sexuality and identity – especially when living in a masculine environment. It's an important topic which, rightly, deserves more attention but Lee's film was overrated then and Jenkins' film is overrated now. When approaching this particular type of material, I would highly recommend Tom Ford's sublime A Single Man instead; a film that was genuinely artistic and heartfelt, yet was sorely overlooked by far too many.
8 Oscar nominations? Bitches be trippin'! This is not that kind of caliber and it stinks to me that the academy are trying their best to look politically correct after the lack of black representation in the nominations last year. Giving sympathy votes, however, doesn't right that wrong.
Mark Walker
Trivia: The inspiration for the narrative structure of the film came from Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien's film Three Times (2005).
Advertisements
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE -- Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn and Mayor Tom Barrett spoke frankly on Friday, July 8th in reaction to the tragedy in Dallas -- expressing heartbreak and urging calm.
Twelve officers were shot, and five were killed during what was a peaceful protest over the back-to-back shootings of African-American men by police in Louisiana (Alton Sterling) and Minnesota (Philando Castile).
Chief Flynn had a lot to say as he and Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett hosted a news conference at 4:00 p.m. Friday in Milwaukee.
Flynn offered condolences to the families of the victims, and said just like in Dallas on Thursday, police officers are willing to die to protect the rights of those who oppose them. Flynn said he's encouraging his officers after this tragedy, and indicated he touched base Friday with the FBI and Homeland Security.
"Our officers are feeling vulnerable right now. Who can blame them?" Flynn said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"If yesterday in Dallas proved anything, it proved that police officers were willing to die to defend the right of people, to express a message that was negative about their own profession. Without any hyperbole, police officers in America's cities care more about black lives than any other institution -- because the police officers in cities are the only ones dying to protect black lives," Flynn said.
Chief Flynn added, "Let us mourn. Let us mourn the victims of homicidal violence. Let us mourn the victims of inappropriate police shootings. Let us mourn the victims of police violence suffered in order to protect the lives of others."
When Mayor Barrett stepped up to the microphone, he said, "These officers were assassinated. Every American has to condemn this violence."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Barrett said we have to have a serious discussion about gun violence; about how we treat each other. He said we cannot be a nation divided.
"I cannot find the strongest words. It was horrific, despicable. These were assassinations and we as Americans have to condemn those actions. I want this to be a community where the people in this city can work with and respect our police officers. I also need this to be a city where our police officers can work with and respect our citizens," Barrett said.
Barrett called on everyone in Wisconsin to show their appreciation for officers, and to thank them for their service.
Chief Flynn indicated officers will be doubling up on squads -- at least until further notice as a safety precaution, and to help those who may feel a bit vulnerable right now.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Flynn said MPD is aware of threatening rhetoric on social media -- and when it comes to the most inflammatory and violent postings, they make contact with the person and are always on alert for copycats.
"We have to be alert to the fact there are copycats out there. The challenge of course is to alert our officers to that threat environment while at the same time encouraging them to go out into that threat environment and protect people," Flynn said.
Flynn and Barrett acknowledged strained community-police relations across America, but said violence isn't the answer.
"There is no explanation. There is no rationale -- and we as a society cannot allow that to happen," Barrett said.
"I just wanted to remind (my officers) that despite all the noise, the vast majority of people in this community thank them every day for their work and need them and want them," Flynn said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Monitor FOX6 News and FOX6Now.com for updates on this developing story.
I have said since May 3 that refusing to endorse Donald Trump would be smart politics for Ted Cruz. Here are my thoughts from May 3:
For the first time this campaign, I think Cruz may not support Trump. Not out of principle (alone), but also because of calculation. — Patterico (@Patterico) May 3, 2016
Cruz calculated it was in his interest to take on GOP leadership. Why not calculate that it's in his long-term interest to oppose Trump? — Patterico (@Patterico) May 3, 2016
When you can combine principle (which I believe Cruz has) with a long-term (2020) calculation, you may have a recipe for opposing Trump. — Patterico (@Patterico) May 3, 2016
Later that day, Cruz pulled out of the race. He remained mostly silent about Trump. As the other toadies like Rubio, Scott Walker, and (sadly) Rick Perry fell in line, I mocked them without mercy — and pledged that I would do the same to Cruz if he endorsed Trump.
I remained skeptical that he would endorse — but when I heard that Cruz planned to speak at the convention, I worried. To me, any endorsement of Trump, even half-assed or tepid, would have been an act of disrespect to Ted Cruz's family. Even if he didn't endorse, I worried that Cruz would try to walk a line and end up being too clever by half.
It still could have played out that way. But then Donald Trump's people orchestrated the booing of Ted Cruz, for not explicitly endorsing Trump.
I was standing in a sea of whippers motioning to turn up the volume with boos. #thuggish #scarry https://t.co/gPnly4JC6d — Melanie Sturm (@ThinkAgainUSA) July 21, 2016
It was a wholly premeditated spectacle. The bully Trump planned it this way. It was to be the final humiliation of “Lyin' Ted.”
And yet, Ted Cruz stood firm.
And with that, a speech that could have been perceived as a standard-issue extolling of constitutionalism was transformed into an epic stand on principle.
I opened this post by noting that standing on principle is Cruz's brand. His speech last night was calculating, I believe — but the calculation was: I am the sort of person who stands on principle. My supporters like that. I am going to continue to be that sort of person.
That's my kind of “calculation.” Especially when it comes to defending family.
Anyone criticizing Cruz today has to be willing to say: “Donald Trump could mock my wife's looks, and slander my dad, and I would support him.” If that's the sort of person you are — the sort of person who does not respect his family enough to stand up for them, regardless of the cost — then stand up and say so. Be proud. Own it.
And then get off my site.
If you're voting for Donald Trump because you think he's the lesser of two evils; because you think Hillary is clearly worse; because you reject leftism and know Hillary will foist leftism on us and only suspect Trump might . . . then you and I are cool. I respect that position. It's not my position — but if it's yours, I respect it, and I respect you.
But if you're going to knock Ted Cruz for standing up against a man who bullied his family, I don't respect you. I don't want you here. Feel free to leave. It may make this place smaller, but it will make it better.
I do not want to see this site turned into a replication of what I watched on the convention floor last night: a group of howling apes flinging poo at a good man who stood on principle and refused to kiss the ring of a man who repeatedly insulted his family.
The GOP ought to be taking out the trash, but they're not. I can't control that. But I can control my space. If you can't respect a man who stands up for his family, get out of my face.
(CNN) David Berry, one of 10 people killed during an attack on a luxury hotel in the Libyan capital, loved to live -- in the words of this father -- "on the tip of the spear."
"David was a patriot. David was a warrior when he needed to be, and also a peacemaker," James Berry said about his son.
"He was intelligent and resourceful. He would not break down in a fight when liberty, freedom and justice was at stake. I lost a son yesterday, but I believe in what David did, and I stand proud of him while I privately mourn," he told CNN's "The Lead with Jake Tapper" on Wednesday.
The Libyan branch of ISIS has claimed responsibility for the gun and bomb attack that killed five foreigners, including Berry, an American security contractor.
Five Libyans also died in Tuesday's attack on the Corinthia Hotel, said a spokesman for a security division of the Ministry of Interior in Tripoli, Essam al-Naas.
Two attackers were killed, he said, saying it appeared they were Libyans.
The five-star hotel is known as one where foreigners and government officials stay and meet to conduct business.
The Libyan branch of ISIS released photos of the two gunmen it said had carried out the attacks, identifying them as Abu Ibraheem Al-Tunsi and Abu Sulaiman Al-Sudani. Their naming convention indicates that the men were of Tunisian and Sudanese origin, respectively.
The FBI is expected to open an investigation into the incident, two U.S. officials told CNN.
According to military records, Berry was in the U.S. Marine Corps, completing six deployments in Afghanistan, Kuwait and Iraq. He retired in September 2012, after a dozen years of service.
He was working for Crucible, a security firm.
According to its website, the Virginia-based firm "provides high-risk environment training and global security solutions to employees of the U.S. government, NGOs, and multinational corporations who live and work in dangerous and austere locations worldwide."
His father said Berry was fluent in Arabic and knew his way around the Arab world.
"He knew how to approach Arabic people on a foreign shore and not ... discriminate against them -- not come across as, 'I'm am American warrior and I'm going to do it this way.' He was very conciliatory in nature," James Berry said.
His son leaves behind a wife and four children.
The other foreigners killed in the attack were a French citizen and three people from Tajikistan, al-Naas said.
The French Foreign Ministry confirmed that a French citizen was among the dead but did not identify the victim.
The Tripoli government, which is not internationally recognized, said the intended target of the attack was its prime minister, Omar al-Hassi, but the claim has not been confirmed.
JUST WATCHED Expert: Power vacuum leading to violence in Libya Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Expert: Power vacuum leading to violence in Libya 04:47
Al-Naas said that at least two Libyan security personnel were killed in the attack.
An online group that supports ISIS said the attack was carried out in the name of Abu Anas al-Libi. He was an alleged al Qaeda operative accused of involvement in the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa. He was captured by U.S. special forces in Tripoli in 2013. He died in a U.S. hospital this month.
It's this declared link to al-Libi's capture by the United States that has prompted the FBI to investigate.
Fighters loyal to ISIS have for several months been in control of the Mediterranean port city of Derna in eastern Libya, near the border with Egypt. They are suspected in other attacks elsewhere in Libya, including in Tobruk, Al-Bayda and Tripoli.
Explosion then gunshots
Tuesday's attack began when militants detonated a car bomb in the parking lot of the hotel. The gunmen then shot their way into the hotel.
The high-rise hotel is popular among government officials, some of whom live there.
Until now, it was seen as one of the remaining secure locations in Tripoli for diplomatic and government activity.
The attack, different in scale and coordination to those seen previously -- even after months of violence in Libya's east -- sends the message that nowhere in the country, or its capital, is safe.
Authorities say they are now in control of the hotel premises and are starting their investigation.
Threats against U.S. citizens
The self-proclaimed Tripoli government, formed by a coalition of militias, holds sway only over the capital and surrounding areas. The internationally recognized parliament was forced to leave the capital after militia groups seized control of the city in the summer.
The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, the United Nations and other international organizations and businesses also evacuated their staffs from Tripoli in the summer due to the unrest.
The U.S. State Department last week issued a warning advising U.S. citizens against all travel to Libya and recommending that any U.S. citizens currently in the North African country should leave immediately.
"Extremist groups in Libya have made several specific threats against U.S. government officials, citizens, and interests in Libya," it said.
"Because of the presumption that foreigners, especially U.S. citizens, in Libya may be associated with the U.S. government or U.S. Non-governmental organizations (NGOs), travelers should be aware that they may be targeted for kidnapping, violent attacks, or death."
For South Asian-Americans, history seems to have repeated itself in a disturbing way, a recent report shows.
South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), a non-partisan nonprofit, released a report Wednesday on acts of hate during the election cycle directed at individuals in the South Asian community.
The report highlights a startling point.
“The unprecedented violence we saw following the September 11 attacks has returned, electrified by a hostile 2016 presidential election."
“The unprecedented violence we saw following the September 11 attacks has returned, electrified by a hostile 2016 presidential election,” Suman Raghunathan, executive director of SAALT, explained in a press release.
The nonprofit looked at instances of hate violence and xenophobic political rhetoric aimed at South Asian, Muslim, Sikh, Hindu, Middle Eastern and Arab communities, the report notes. Through its public online database, which documents these incidents, the group saw 207 of such attacks within a year.
What's more, President-elect Donald Trump was responsible for 20 percent of the documented instances of xenophobic rhetoric, the report stated.
SAALT, which found 140 incidents of hate violence, observed a huge spike in the American South, where 30 percent of South Asian communities reside. It's particularly alarming, as the area has the largest concentration of South Asian American population growth over the last fifteen years, the report noted.
More than half of the 67 documented incidents of xenophobic rhetoric came from statements by former or current elected officials, candidates for elected office at all levels, and appointed officials. Trump and other Republican candidates made up a significant portion of the collected instances. Statements documented in the report include Trump's tweet congratulating himself on “being right on radical Islamic terrorism,” along with Trump's calls for a “complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the U.S.
Trump has since walked back his initial comments on a Muslim ban, saying his views have since “morphed” and that individuals from certain countries, most of which are majority-Muslim, should be kept out out of the U.S.
What's more, President-elect Donald Trump was responsible for 20 percent of the documented instances of xenophobic rhetoric, the report stated.
Hillary Clinton was also found to have engaged in harmful rhetoric, the report stated. The group included the instance in which Clinton insinuated that Muslim-Americans would have some knowledge of terror attacks. During the third presidential debate, she said that “the United States needs to work with Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks.”
The rise of white supremacist groups, the nonprofit notes, were also responsible for both types of hate.
“White supremacist groups have gained momentum and resources, and have deeply influenced the corresponding uptick in both hate violence and xenophobic political rhetoric that we have seen in just the last year,” according to the report.
The majority of the acts documented in the report were fueled by anti-Muslim sentiment, which made up 94 percent of the hate violence and 96 percent of xenophobic rhetoric.
While empirical data on the connection between rhetoric and violence is scarce, the report mentions a study done by California State University, San Bernardino, which appeared to show a possible relationship between rhetoric and action.
A political statement reflecting tolerance towards Muslims was followed by a decline in hate crimes while an Islamophobic statement was followed by a sharp increase in anti-Muslim hate crimes.
The report's findings parallel data on anti-Muslim crime from the FBI. But because these incidents are underreported ― largely due to mistrust of law enforcement in the community ― it mentions that the data should be treated as a sample, rather than a comprehensive account.
Corey Saylor, director of the Department to Monitor and Combat Islamophobia at the Council on American-Islamic Relations, echoed the sentiment in a recent interview. Saylor said that not only is there a lack of trust with law enforcement, but some people may be numb to the hate.
“Many mosques, they get so many that they just don't bother,” Saylor told NPR. “Somebody will have left a message on your voicemail saying they're going to come and kill everybody, and people will just hit delete because they've become desensitized to it.”
The report points out that the election reflects many of these issues regarding race that the country is still confronting.
After several months of searching, the International Festival of Arts & Ideas has announced new leadership to replace its executive director: A trio that's been leading the organization in the interim. Their first big assignment is just around the corner: the 23rd Festival, which begins June 9 of next year.
Those three are Liz Fisher, Tom Griggs and Chad Herzog. On Thursday, the Festival released an announcement officially naming them co-directors through at least 2019. At that time, Herzog confirmed Friday afternoon, the Festival's board and an outside committee will reevaluate the leadership structure. They'll decide "what is it what this Festival needs to go another 25 years," Herzog said. (That 25 years refers to the fact that 2020 will mark the Festival's first 25 years in existence.)
“On behalf of the entire board, it is my honor to congratulate Liz, Tom, and Chad on their appointments,” wrote Board Chair Gordon Geballe in a press release Thursday.
“We are grateful for their stewardship of Festival 2017 and we are looking forward to continuing to work with them as they plan and execute Festival 2018. Just as the Festival has distinguished itself for its thrilling interplay between great art and great ideas from around the world, I believe their successful creative approach to shared leadership will serve as a model for institutions across the field.”
The team isn't new to the job—they have been guiding the annual Festival through its transition since Executive Director Mary Lou Aleskie departed for Dartmouth College earlier this year, and have all held leadership positions in other organizations. After running the 2017 season, this will technically be their second Festival organizing events, raising funds, and working to collaborate more with the community.
At the Festival, Fisher has been on as the managing director since 1998. Griggs joined as director of development in 2014, and Herzog as director of programming since 2015. Speaking for the team from a conference in Providence, Herzog said that he sees this as a new chapter for the Festival, where a "team approach to doing things" will lead to greater collaboration with the New Haven community.
"We all have our strengths, and we're all able to lean on each other's strengths," he said, pointing to a similar restructuring at arts nonprofit . "So the future of the Festival is pretty exciting. Being an integral part of the community is something that the three of us are just concerned about now as we've ever been."
He added that he sees future Festivals "involving New Haven, the region, and abroad ... making sure we continue to bring the best art from around the world but also bring attention to artists practicing in New Haven."
"There's absolutely no reason that only one person can provide vision to an organization," he added. "We don't need a vision of one person. What we need is the vision of the community"
Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked a new bid by Democrats to restore long-term unemployment benefits for 1.7 million Americans and make millionaires ineligible for such aid.
In a series of largely party-line votes, Democrats fell short of the needed 60 votes to clear a Republican procedural hurdle against three options for a three-month, retroactive extension of the relief, each of which would be fully paid for and were said not to increase federal debt.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., expecting defeat, declared before the vote that his party would keep trying, saying, "We are not going to give up on the unemployed."
Amid partisan gridlock over the issue, Democrats have accused Republicans of being insensitive to the jobless, and Republicans have accused Democrats of trying to jam through the legislation without amendments.
Since benefits expired on Dec. 28, Democrats have taken the lead in trying to restore them for those who have been out of work for six months or more.
But Democrats have been unable to find common ground with Republicans, many of whom argue that what the unemployed really need is a job and that the jobless program needs to be reformed.
Democrats contend that benefits should be restored immediately while Congress examines how best to create new employment opportunities and reform the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Program. Democrats have also previously cited Congressional Budget Office and Economic Policy Institute findings that unemployment insurance payments have a direct stimulative effect on the economy, second only to food stamps in return on investment.
Al Jazeera and Reuters
Over the last few months, Muslims have been advised to become part of the national mainstream that wants education and jobs. Abandon old fears, embrace the new order, they have been told.A front-page story in the Indian Express on Wednesday exposed the fallacy underlying such appeals: that Muslims live in cloisters, study in madrassas, and are different from their "aspirational" Hindu counterparts.It is the story of Mohsin Sadiq Shaikh, a 24-year-old Muslim man from Solapur district.Shaikh was a member of the new economy that the Bharatiya Janata Party has sold to young Indians: he worked as an IT manager with a private firm in Pune.But even a membership to this new economy could not save Mohsin's life.On Monday night, as he returned home after a day of rioting in the city, he was killed by a mob of people identified by the police as members of the Hindu Rashtra Sena, a radical Hindu outfit. His friend, who was with him that night, said he was targeted because "he was wearing a skull cap and had a beard."A large section among cosmopolitan urban elites has supported Narendra Modi in the belief that economic prosperity is a secular good that accrues to all and flattens social differences.Does economic growth reduce religious conflict? Anjali Thomas Bohlken and Ernest John Sergenti studied 15 states, including Gujarat, between 1982 and 1995 and found that the occurrence of Hindu-Muslim riots came down in the years of higher growth. However, they found "no support for the conventional wisdom that higher levels of socio-economic well-being – either in the form of higher GDP per capital or higher literacy rates – reduce the occurrence of violence”.While it is fairly plausible that economic distress puts an additional strain on the social fabric, it is simplistic to argue that the social fabric itself is a product of the economy.Society is constructed out of the daily encounters of people, as well as their sustained engagements with each other.In its three decade of existence, the BJP has not distinguished itself as a party that constructs or fosters associations between communities. Instead, it appears to inhabit a parallel civic universe of its own, populated by Hindutva organisations like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, the Bajrang Dal and the Durga Vahini. Its leaders are often seen sharing space with an assortment of fringe Hindu groups and activists – for instance, Pragya Thakur, the Sadhvi of Indore, accused in the Malegaon blast.Recently, the party nearly inducted Pramod Muthalik, the leader of Sri Ram Sene, infamous for its attack on young women in a pub in Mangalore. The chief of the Hindu Rashtra Sena in Pune, Dhananjay Desai, according to this report in the Indian Express, has connections with Muthalik and has been a vocal supporter of Pragya Thakur.Regardless of whether the BJP's top leadership approves, its sweeping victory and ascendance to power in Delhi has filled its hardline supporters, both within and outside the party, not just with a sense of elation, but also with a sense of empowerment.In the Karnataka town of Bijapur, while taking out a victory procession, BJP workers reportedly “molested women belonging to a minority community and tried to forcibly smear gulaal on the faces of vegetable vendors from a particular community”, the region's Inspector General of police has told the Hindustan Times. A former BJP Union Minister has been arrested in the rioting case.In Assam, a BJP MP told the Deccan Chronicle that the party's youth wing would “launch a house-to-house campaign urging people not to engage the immigrants in any kind of work”.The trigger for the rioting in Pune might have been come from morphed pictures of Shivaji and Bal Thackeray that circulated on social media. But the scale of rioting – more than 200 buses were burnt – indicates that organised groups were involved. The Hindu Rashtra Sena leader has been arrested in relation to Shaikh's murder.In a primetime discussion on NDTV, BJP spokesperson Shaina NC sought to downplay the role of Hindutva fringe groups in Pune by deflecting blame on the Congress-led Maharashtra government which she claimed had failed to contain the unrest.While party spokespersons cannot be expected to rise above the fray of partisan politics, surely more can be expected of India's new prime minister who has won a decisive victory by selling an economic dream to all Indians. He must speak up before it begins to take the shape of a nightmare for some – which, in truth, would be a nightmare for all.
Bringing on John Podesta to advise President Barack Obama is widely seen as a move meant to shake things up in the administration, but the White House probably didn't have this kind of start in mind.
In comments made to Politico earlier this fall that were published Wednesday, the former Bill Clinton chief of staff and founder of the Center for American Progress compared House Republicans with members of a cult that committed mass suicide in 1978.
“They need to focus on executive action given that they are facing a second term against a cult worthy of Jonestown in charge of one of the houses of Congress,” he said.
Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), reacted by calling Podesta a “class act.”
“For those who've forgotten, a Democratic member of Congress was murdered in Jonestown and a current one, Rep. Jackie Speier, was shot five times during the same incident,” he added in a statement. “If this is the attitude of the new White House, it's hard to see how the president gets anything done again.”
A spokesman for Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) declined to comment.
This isn't the first time White House aides upped their rhetoric when describing the other party in Congress. In September, a senior White House adviser compared House Republicans threatening to hold the debt limit hostage to “people with a bomb strapped to their chest.”
Update: Podesta apologized on Wednesday morning.
In an old interview, my snark got in front of my judgment. I apologize to Speaker Boehner, whom I have always respected. — John Podesta (@johnpodesta) December 18, 2013
After the UK Pirate Party's proxy to the popular torrent search engine Pirate Bay was shut down earlier this week following legal threats, it stated that it will "continue to fight for digital rights" — and while the proxy is still unavailable, colleagues from other nations have come to the rescue. According to Falkvinge & Co., Pirate parties in Luxembourg and Argentina have set up Pirate Bay proxies, and are urging those in the United Kingdom to use their method of access to circumvent the takedown. In response to the events that occurred in the UK, Sven Clement, president of the Luxembourg Pirate party, said the following:
"Due to the pressure from lobbyists, politicians all over Europe are seduced to expand the censorship infrastructure to prevent freedom of expression, the right to information and the free exchange of culture. With our proxy, we help to circumvent the internet censorship of European countries!"
The Pirate party of Argentina expressed similar support, specifying that its proxy is accessible from anywhere in the world. The quick call to action from both Pirate parties suggests it will take more than a few court orders and ISP takedowns to fully blockade the Bay.
Devonte Reeves remains at large, wanted on a capital murder charge in the death of smoke shop clerk.Reeves was arrested a day after the shooting at Novelty Zone in Far East Dallas but bonded out a week later (bail was set at $20,000).That was on Nov. 14, 10 days before Mohammad Haider died and the aggravated assault charge was upgraded to capital murder.Devonte Deray Reeves, 21, and Shaquandalon Hawkins, 18, face capital murder charges in a deadly robbery at a Dallas smoke shop this month, according to the arrest warrant affidavits filed Thursday.On the night of Nov. 6, Mohammad Haider was working alone at the Novelty Zone smoke shop on Rustown Drive in Far East Dallas. Police said Hawkins parked a silver vehicle at the store, then she allegedly entered to see how many people were inside while the other suspected accomplices, including Reeves, waited in the car.Hawkins then drove away, parked elsewhere and returned, police said. She allegedly lured Haider to the front of the store, and Reeves and two accomplices allegedly rushed inside with handguns drawn and pointing at Haider as they demanded his property. One of the suspects shot Haider.The suspects fled the scene with an undetermined amount of cash and two stun guns, police said.Haider went to Baylor University Medical Center at Dallas for his injuries and was later released. Over two weeks later, he had severe abdominal pain and was admitted to Arlington Memorial Hospital on Nov. 24, according to police. There, he died from his injuries. The Tarrant County Medical Examiner ruled his death a homicide.Hawkins was arrested Wednesday on an aggravated robbery warrant from a smoke shop robbery in Balch Springs that occurred the same night. She implicated Reeves as a suspect, according to police. She told police that Reeves owned the getaway car and that he was one of the suspects with a handgun.Reeves had been arrested the day after the shooting on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, unlawful carrying of a weapon, and possession of marijuana. He was carrying a Springfield 9 mm handgun, later determined to match the cartridge casing found at the scene of Haider's slaying. Reeves is not currently in custody, but it's unclear why he was released. We will update as information becomes available.
Topic Resources
A calorie is a measure of energy. Foods have calories. That is, foods supply the body with energy, which is released when foods are broken down during digestion. Energy enables cells to do all of their functions, including building proteins and other substances needed by the body. The energy can be used immediately or stored for use later.
Foods may not be completely absorbed. In such cases, the body may not be able to use all of the calories in foods as energy.
When the supply of energy—the number of calories consumed in foods—exceeds the body's immediate needs, the body stores the excess energy. Most excess energy is stored as fat. Some is stored as carbohydrates, usually in the liver and muscles. As a result, weight is gained. An excess of only 200 calories per day for 10 days is likely to result in a weight gain of nearly 1/2 pound, mostly as fat. However, the gain may be slightly more or less.
Did You Know... After the first few pounds are lost, weight loss slows down when the body has burned all its stored carbohydrates and starts burning stored fat.
When too few calories are consumed for the body's needs, the body begins to use carbohydrates stored in the liver and muscle. Because the body mobilizes stored carbohydrates quickly and because water is usually excreted as carbohydrates are mobilized, weight loss tends to be fast initially. However, the small amount of stored carbohydrates provides energy for only a short time. Next, the body uses stored fat. Because fat contains more energy per pound, weight loss is slower as the body uses fat for energy. However, the amount of fat stored is much larger and can, in most people, provide energy for a long time.
Only during prolonged, severe shortages of energy, does the body break down protein. If normally nourished people experience total starvation (when no food is consumed), death occurs in 8 to 12 weeks.
How Are Calories in Foods Measured? Food labels contain the number of calories per serving. But how is this number determined? The answer is surprisingly simple: The food is burned. A sample of the food is placed in an insulated, oxygen-filled chamber that is surrounded by water. This chamber is called a bomb calorimeter. The sample is burned completely. The heat from the burning increases the temperature of the water, which is measured and which indicates the number of calories in the food. For example, if water temperature increases by 20 degrees, the food contains 20 calories. This method of measuring calories is called direct calorimetry.
Energy requirements vary markedly from about 1,000 to more than 4,000 calories a day depending on age, sex, weight, physical activity, disorders present, and the rate at which people burn calories (metabolic rate). However, generally, the number of calories needed per day to maintain body weight is about
For young children: 1,000 to 1,800
For older children and adolescents: 1,200 to 3,200
For adults: 1,600 to 3,000
The number of calories needed increases as activity level increases, and generally, boys and men need more calories than girls and women.
Table Estimated Number of Calories Needed Based on Age*, Sex, and Activity Level † Sex Sedentary Active† Young children (age 2–6 years) Boys 1,000–1,400 1,000–1,800 Girls 1,000–1,200 1,000–1,600 Older children and adolescents (age 7–18 years) Boys 1,400–2,400 1,600–3,200 Girls 1,200–1,800 1,600–2,400 Adults (age 19–60 years) Men 2,200–2,600 2,400–3,000 Women 1,600–2,000 1,800–2,400 Adults (age 61 years and over) Men 2,000 2,200–2,600 Women 1,600 1,800–2,000 *The number of calories needed increases as people age up until age 20 years. After age 20, the number of calories needed starts to decrease. †The more active a person is, the higher the number of calories needed.
Clinical Calculator:
These calorie counts are only general guidelines, partly because the needs of the body vary depending on its activity at any particular time. Also, the division of caloric intake by a 24-hour period (daily intake) is arbitrary. Because fewer than 10% of Americans get as much physical activity as recommended, they tend to need fewer calories than those listed above for active people. Vigorous activity, especially aerobic exercise, increases needs substantially, and a lack of activity decreases needs.
Published on May 6, 2013
Watch this in desktop mode to see correct 16:9 format
note: If video doesn't load try adding &html5=True to the end of the video URL link. Also try clearing your cookies and cache then restart your device! If it starts out blurry then try re-clicking the highest quality setting then rewind it to start. YT acts up sometimes ;o)
*Resume/portfolio of Chris Kanakis (sag-e)
2013 dance video and photo shoot PRODUCED AND DIRECTED BY Chris Kanakis. Is Chris Kanakis "ALL THAT?"... you be the judge!! Watch it in the best quality option for a better show!!!
ckanakis@kent.edu
The promotional Chris Kanakis "All That?" 2013 dance - photo shoot was shot at historic Fort Armistead. In late 2013 the photo shoot was tweeted by MMA fighter/professional wrestler Josh 'The Warmaster' Barnett (who currently competes in the Heavyweight division of the UFC where he is a former UFC Heavyweight Champion) to his over 58,000 followers telling Renato Laranja that he "aint all that". It probably helps that the "American Pride" t-shirt worn in the video is a MMA fighter shirt designed by mixed martial artist Tito Ortiz! The 759 relaxed fit "crystal wash" jeans were courtesy of a designer at ECKO UNLTD. corporate!!
You'll never guess who wrote the screenplay for Patty Jenkins‘ 2017 Wonder Woman film. Usually we report screenwriter news when a project is in development, not while it's in post-production. But a new press release from Warner Bros reveals some surprising new names as the credited screenwriters for the DC Comics adaptation: Zack Snyder, Geoff Johns and Allan Heinberg. Hit the jump to learn more about the Wonder Woman screenwriters and to read a new plot synopsis for the Wonder Woman movie.
Originally, there were five writers brought into give treatments for Wonder Woman's story, and it had been reported that Ice Age: Continental Drift/Pan screenwriter Jason Fuchs won the bid. But it looks like Warner Bros. decided to go in a completely different direction before production began. A new press release from Warner Bros reveals that the screenplay was written by an entirely new group: Allan Heinberg and Geoff Johns, based on story by Zack Snyder & Allan Heinberg.
Heinberg is a two time Emmy-nominated television veteran whose credits span Party of Five, Gilmore Girls, Grey's Anatomy, Sex In The City and Scandal. It looks like Heinberg collaborated with Batman v Superman/Justice League filmmaker Snyder on an early story. Snyder's previous screenplay credits include his adaptation of 300, 300: Rise of an Empire, the Watchmen animated film Tales of the Black Freighter and his original 2011 film Sucker Punch.
Months back we had heard that DC Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns would have a larger role in the future of DC movie adaptations, becoming a producer on all future DC adaptations. Johns is of course a fan favorite in the comic book world for his work on The Flash, Infinite Crisis, Green Lantern, Superman, Aquaman, Teen Titans and more. Well, it looks like Johns was very hands-on with the screenplay for Wonder Woman, enough to earn himself a screenplay credit alongside Heinberg. While some readers might get worried by the Snyder's story credit, I think Johns involvement in the screenplay itself can only be looked at as a good sign of things to come.
Warner Bros. also released a new plot synopsis for Wonder Woman, which you can read below:
Hip-Hop isn't a music style, but an entire culture. It includes rap music, yes, but also graffiti, breakdancing, and DJing. Not to mention, there is clothing, language, and more. As the great KRS-One once said, "Rap is something you do, Hip-Hop is something you live." Very true words. Hip-Hop has positively improved society as a whole, by fostering the sharing of different viewpoints, and bringing people of different cultures and skin colors together. It started in New York, but has spread globally.
Google is a very forward-thinking company, and it often shows respect to different people and cultures through its Doodle program. If you aren't familiar, this is where it transforms the "Google" logo into an artistic representation of someone or something. Today, Hip-Hop is in the spotlight because August 11, 1973 is considered by some to be the day the culture was born. The search giant is using the Doodle to both educate people on the history of Hip-Hop and to celebrate the anniversary. In other words, Google is showing mad love.
"On August 11, 1973, an 18-year-old, Jamaican-American DJ who went by the name of Kool Herc threw a back-to-school jam at 1520 Sedgwick Avenue in the Bronx, New York. During his set, he decided to do something different. Instead of playing the songs in full, he played only their instrumental sections, or “breaks” - sections where he noticed the crowd went wild. During these “breaks” his friend Coke La Rock hyped up the crowd with a microphone. And with that, Hip Hop was born," says Google.
The search giant also says, "Today, we celebrate the 44th anniversary of that very moment with a first-of-its-kind Doodle featuring a custom logo graphic by famed graffiti artist Cey Adams, interactive turntables on which users can mix samples from legendary tracks, and a serving of Hip Hop history -- with an emphasis on its founding pioneers. What's more, the whole experience is narrated by Hip Hop icon Fab 5 Freddy, former host of Yo! MTV Raps."
The Hip-Hop Google Doodle itself is of graffiti, and yes I know, this art form can be illegal depending on where it is done. Still, it is art, and it can be quite brilliant, in fact. By clicking on it, you are treated to a cool narrative by the legendary Fab 5 Freddy. He then gives a tutorial on how to use two turntables and a mixer to scratch and mix records. It's actually very cool.
This interactive Doodle even gives the ability to "dig through crates" which means looking through a selection of records. You can then put the virtual record down on the turntable and have some fun scratching and mixing! You can even adjust the BPM (beats per minute). By doing different things, you can unlock information about important people in Hip-Hop. Word up!
To check out Google's Hip-Hop Doodle, simply click here or visit the company's webpage today.
Two men, Mark “Major” Jiminez and Beau Chandler, a gay couple in Dallas, Texas walked into the city's County Clerk's office on Thursday determined to do one of two things: get married or get arrested trying.
They were arrested.
According to the Dallas Voice, Jiminez and Chandler entered the County Records Building at about 3 p.m. with friends, TV crews and Dallas police following close behind.
“City police, county sheriffs and building security are all here,” Chandler reportedly said. “Nice to get their support.”
The couple say they were protesting Texas' ban on gay marriage, passed in 2005, and after being denied by the clerk the marriage license they requested the two handcuffed themselves together at the wrist, sat down on the floor, and waited for police.
As the TV cameras rolled, Jiminez explained some of the more than 1,000 rights straight couples enjoy that are denied to gay and lesbian couples. “This is about not being treated equal,” he said.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Chandler, according to the Voice, said they had thought of going to another state to marry but decided there was no point if the marriage would just be void as soon as they got home.
“We spoke to our friend Daniel [Cates] with GetEQUAL, and he suggested we make a statement,” Chandler said. “And we decided it needed to be the day after Independence Day.”
The couple was not arrested until everyone else had left the office. When they came down the elevator, they were no longer handcuffed to each other but were handcuffed individually, each escorted by two sheriff's deputies.
As the sheriff's car pulled away, marriage equality activist Cd Kirven turned to say, “This is the first time this has happened in Dallas. It's historic.”
# # #
Feminist writer Camille Paglia has penned a pointed essay in response to Madonna, who called her out by name during her acceptance speech at Billboard's Women in Music Awards on Friday.
“Camille Paglia, the famous feminist writer, said that I set women back by objectifying myself sexually,” Madonna said toward the end of her 10-minute monologue. “Oh, I thought, so if you're a feminist, you don't have sexuality. You deny it. So I said, “F*ck it.” I'm a different kind of feminist. I'm a bad feminist.”
The comments from Madonna came as something of a surprise to some, considering Paglia was one of the pop icon's biggest boosters throughout the 1990s. Paglia fired back with a searing essay, noting that the 58-year-old pop star hasn't matured musically in decades.
“The real issue is that while Madonna's world tours have remained highly successful, her artistic development has been stalled for 20 years,” Pagila wrote in the Daily Mail. “The last truly innovative work she did was with electronica producer William Orbit. Madonna has become a prisoner of her own wealth and fame. Her most authentic ideas were inspired by her childhood rebellion against the repressive code of American Catholicism.”
Pagila proclaims Madonna's most pressing issue on her “current path of self-destruction is her embarrassing inability to deal with aging.”
“She has failed to study the example of her great role model, Marlene Dietrich, who retained her class and style to the end,” Pagila wrote. “Madonna keeps chasing after youth, humiliating herself with vulgar displays, like the horrendously trashy, buttock-baring outfit she wore to the Metropolitan Museum of Art Gala in May.”
Pagila continues, saying that Madonna “has become a cringe-making pastiche of ratty blonde hair extensions and artificially swollen cheeks, obscuring the magnificent classic bone structure that made her one of the most photogenic celebrities of the 1990s.”
Pagila came to fame after championing Madonna, most notably in her 1990 New York Times essay “Madonna — Finally a Real Feminist.”
Later in her Daily Mail essay, Pagila says Madonna's social media presence has “debased” the singer.
“In her struggles to stay relevant, Madonna has debased herself with adolescent, pitifully inept Instagrams that cannot compete with Rihanna's brilliant work in that genre,” she wrote.
Finally, Pagila suggests that Madonna stop lashing out at her critics and repair her own self-destructive behavior.
“Instead of lugubrious rants and hysterical recriminations, perhaps Madonna should try a little honest self-critique,” she wrote.
Madonna has made waves for some unusual behavior in recent years.
In 2015, the singer was forced to apologize after she came under fire for posting several altered images of civil rights leaders, including Martin Luther King Jr., to social media in order to promote her new album Rebel Heart. A week later, Madonna was caught up in another controversy after she was accused of using the horrific and deadly terror attack on French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo to promote her album.
Also, earlier this year, Madonna promised to perform oral sex on anyone who voted for Hillary Clinton.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
President's Budget includes new mandatory funding to help ensure that all Americans who want treatment can get the help they need
Prescription drug abuse and heroin use have taken a heartbreaking toll on too many Americans and their families, while straining resources of law enforcement and treatment programs. More Americans now die every year from drug overdoses than they do in motor vehicle crashes. New data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) show that opioids—a class of drugs that include prescription pain medications and heroin—were involved in 28,648 deaths in 2014. In particular, CDC found a continued sharp increase in heroin-involved deaths and an emerging increase in deaths involving synthetic opioids, such as fentanyl.
The President has made clear that addressing the opioid overdose epidemic is a priority for his Administration and has highlighted tools that are effective in reducing drug use and overdose, like evidence-based prevention programs, prescription drug monitoring, prescription drug take-back events, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose reversal drug naloxone. Under the Affordable Care Act, substance use disorder services are essential health benefits that are required to be covered by health plans in the Health Insurance Marketplace. The law also required that covered substance use disorder benefits are comparable to medical and surgical benefits.
The President's FY 2017 Budget takes a two-pronged approach to address this epidemic. First, it includes $1 billion in new mandatory funding over two years to expand access to treatment for prescription drug abuse and heroin use. This funding will boost efforts to help individuals with an opioid use disorder seek treatment, successfully complete treatment, and sustain recovery. This funding includes:
$920 million to support cooperative agreements with States to expand access to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders. States will receive funds based on the severity of the epidemic and on the strength of their strategy to respond to it. States can use these funds to expand treatment capacity and make services more affordable.
$50 million in National Health Service Corps funding to expand access to substance use treatment providers. This funding will help support approximately 700 providers able to provide substance use disorder treatment services, including medication-assisted treatment, in areas across the country most in need of behavioral health providers.
$30 million to evaluate the effectiveness of treatment programs employing medication-assisted treatment under real-world conditions and help identify opportunities to improve treatment for patients with opioid use disorders.
This investment, combined with other efforts underway to reduce barriers to treatment for substance use disorders, will help ensure that every American who wants treatment can access it and get the help they need.
Second, the President's Budget includes approximately $500 million -- an increase of more than $90 million -- to continue and build on current efforts across the Departments of Justice (DOJ) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to expand state-level prescription drug overdose prevention strategies, increase the availability of medication-assisted treatment programs, improve access to the overdose-reversal drug naloxone, and support targeted enforcement activities. A portion of this funding is directed specifically to rural areas, where rates of overdose and opioid use are particularly high. To help further expand access to treatment, the Budget includes an HHS pilot project for nurse practitioners and physician assistants to prescribe buprenorphine for opioid use disorder treatment, where allowed by state law.
Building on Actions to Address the Opioid Epidemic
In October 2015, the President announced a number of new public and private sector actions to address this issue, including a Presidential Memorandum on prescriber training and opioid use disorder treatment. He also announced a commitment by more than 40 provider groups that more than 540,000 health care providers will complete training on appropriate opioid prescribing in the next two years. After just over three months, these groups reported that more than 66,000 providers have completed prescriber training to date, putting them on target to meet their goal.
In December, the President signed a bipartisan budget agreement with more than $400 million in funding specifically to address the opioid epidemic, an increase of more than $100 million over the previous year. The agreement also revised a longstanding ban on using federal funds to support syringe service programs, which can help reduce the transmission of HIV and viral hepatitis by confronting one major source of the outbreaks: injection drug use, including opioids.
These actions build on efforts that began in 2010 when the President released his first National Drug Control Strategy, which emphasized the need for action to address opioid use disorders and overdose while ensuring that individuals with pain receive safe, effective treatment. In 2011, the White House released its national Prescription Drug Abuse Prevention Plan, which outlined goals for addressing prescription drug abuse and overdose.
Since then, the Administration has supported and expanded efforts to prevent drug use, pursue “smart on crime” approaches to drug enforcement, improve prescribing practices for pain medication, increase access to treatment, work to reduce overdose deaths, and support the millions of Americans in recovery:
Community Prevention and Overdose Response
The Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), in collaboration with the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), supports local Drug-Free Communities coalitions to reduce youth substance use through evidence-based prevention. In recent years, hundreds of these coalitions have specifically focused on prescription drug misuse issues in their areas.
With support from the Administration, prescriber education programs have been developed to teach medical professionals skills such as how to start a conversation with patients about their substance use; managing pain appropriately; and treating patients using opioids more safely. In response to a Presidential Memorandum, federal agencies are leading the way by making certain that their workforce is properly trained. In addition, ten states have passed legislation requiring training for prescribers.
In FY 2016, HHS will implement the $10 million Strategic Prevention Framework for Prescription Drugs to raise awareness about the dangers of misusing prescribed medications and to work with pharmacy and medical communities to address the risks of overprescribing to young adults. The FY 2017 Budget continues this effort.
With support from the Department of Justice (DOJ) and other funders, 49 states have established Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs to help prescribers identify potential opioid misuse issues—up from 30 states at the start of the Administration.
The federal government is expanding access to prescription drug monitoring program data throughout federal agencies. The Department of Defense's (DoD) Pharmacy Data Transaction Service automatically screens all new medication orders against a patient's computerized medication history and permits DoD physicians to monitor for concerning drug usage patterns. The Indian Health Service has successfully piloted integrating this data into their electronic systems, and a pilot to integrate data into the workflow of physicians in the DoD health system is slated to launch in 2016.
Through the National Take Back Days to remove unused prescription drugs from communities, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has collected more than 5.5 million pounds of medication. DEA also finalized a new rule making it easier for communities to establish ongoing drug take-back programs.
ONDCP has worked with federal, state, and local government agencies and other stakeholders to expand access to the lifesaving opioid overdose reversal drug naloxone, including equipping first responders. Today, hundreds of law enforcement agencies across the country carry and are trained to administer naloxone. Additionally, prior to 2012, just six states had any laws that expanded access to naloxone or limited criminal liability for persons who took steps to assist an overdose victim. Today, 46 states and the District of Columbia have enacted statutes that expand access to naloxone or provide “Good Samaritan” protections for possession of a controlled substance if emergency assistance is sought for a victim of an opioid overdose.
The Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) supports the Opioid Overdose Education and Naloxone distribution program to help Veterans at risk of an opioid overdose. This program is a key objective of VA's safety initiatives. In the less than two years since the program was implemented, over 12,000 Veterans have received a naloxone kit, and there have been 141 reported reversals as of December 2015.
In September 2015, CDC launched a $20 million Prescription Drug Overdose: Prevention for States initiative in 16 states to expand their capacity to put prevention into action in communities nationwide and encourage education of providers and patients about the risk of prescription drug overdose. In 2016, the initiative received a further increase of $50 million dollars to expand these state prevention activities to a national scale.
The DOJ Bureau of Justice Assistance released a Law Enforcement Naloxone Toolkit to support law enforcement agencies in establishing naloxone programs. The toolkit has been downloaded more than 2,200 times in the last year.
DOD is ensuring that opioid overdose reversal kits and training are available to every first responder on military bases or other areas under its control.
In 2016, SAMHSA will provide a total of $12 million specifically to increase use of the overdose reversal drug naloxone. States can use these funds to purchase naloxone, equip first responders with naloxone, and provide training on other overdose death prevention strategies. The FY 2017 Budget will continue these investments and includes an additional $10 million to address opioid overdose in rural areas, including through expanding access to naloxone.
In November 2015, the President signed bipartisan legislation, the Protecting Our Infants Act, to help identify evidence-based approaches to care for mothers and their newborns affected by the opioid epidemic.
In December 2015, the Indian Health Service (IHS) and the Bureau of Indian Affairs announced a new partnership to reduce opioid-related overdoses among American Indians and Alaska Natives. In 2016, the more than 90 IHS pharmacies will dispense naloxone to as many as 500 BIA Office of Justice Services officers and will train these first responders to administer emergency treatment to people experiencing an opioid overdose.
Using the most recent scientific evidence, the CDC has been working with clinical experts and other stakeholders to develop guidelines on prescribing opioids for chronic pain. The guidelines will be used to help improve the way opioids are prescribed and help providers offer safer, more effective chronic pain treatment, while reducing opioid misuse, abuse and overdose.
Using its fast-track and priority review systems, FDA recently approved for the first time a nasal spray version of naloxone hydrochloride, providing an easy to administer way to deliver this lifesaving drug. The National Institute on Drug Abuse helped develop this product through a partnership to apply new technology towards developing interventions for opioid overdose.
Treatment
In FY 2016, SAMHSA will support grants to 22 States to support medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders in high need communities. The FY 2017 Budget will expand the number of States that will receive funding to 45.
In 2016, the Health Resources and Services Administration will award up to $100 million to Health Centers across the country to improve and expand the delivery of substance use disorder services, with a focus on medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders.
HHS Secretary Burwell announced that the Department will engage in rulemaking related to the prescribing of buprenorphine-containing products approved by the FDA for treatment of opioid dependence to expand access to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders. HHS will take a strategic approach in order to minimize diversion and ensure evidence-based treatment.
In conjunction with the Budget rollout, HHS also will release Medicaid guidance to States on best practices for addressing the opioid epidemic focused on Medicaid pharmacy benefit management strategies to manage and monitor prescription opioid prescribing, cover medication-assisted treatment, and increase the use of the overdose reversal drug naloxone.
Enforcement and Supply Reduction
The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy's High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program is funding an unprecedented network of public health and law enforcement partnerships to address the heroin threat across 15 states.
DEA has deployed a 360 Strategy targeting the opioid epidemic through coordinated law enforcement operations, diversion control and partnerships with community organizations following enforcement operations.
DOJ's enforcement efforts include targeting the illegal opioid supply chain, thwarting doctor-shopping attempts, and disrupting so-called “pill mills.”
DOJ has cracked down on those who use the Internet to illegally buy and sell controlled substances.
DEA agents and investigators are integrating with other federal, state, and local law enforcement officers in 66 Tactical Diversion Squads stationed across 41 states, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia. Outcomes of this effort include the largest pharmaceutical-related takedown in the DEA's history in an operation that resulted in 280 arrests.
Since 2007, through the Merida Initiative, the Department of State has been working with the Government of Mexico to help build the capacity of Mexico's law enforcement and justice sector institutions to disrupt drug trafficking organizations and to stop the flow of illicit drugs including heroin from Mexico to the United States.
To learn more about the opioid epidemic or to find treatment options for patients, family or friends, visit www.hhs.gov/opioids.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has a secret weapon as he seeks to burnish his image in Cleveland: his daughter Ivanka Trump.
A mogul in her own right, Ivanka Trump has become her father's most effective surrogate, softening the edges of Donald Trump's brash and often controversial presidential campaign.
And she's being called upon to play that role again in the spotlight of this week's Republican National Convention.
“She's seen much differently than her father — she certainly has a classier, more reasoned reputation, and she's beloved by a lot of the people her father is not beloved by,” said Robert Thompson, a Syracuse University communications professor.
Expectations are high for her speech, with some seeing it as the presumptive nominee's best chance to push back on accusations of sexism.
Ivanka Trump, 34, has addressed those charges head on before, calling her father a “feminist” who has been unfairly characterized by the press.
She has won widespread praise in defense of her father, even from some of his critics.
“I think Ivanka Trump has been Donald Trump's best surrogate,” said Doug Heye, a former Republican National Committee aide who doesn't support Trump.
“Unlike her father, she always appears poised and thoughtful, so I'm not surprised that she has such a prominent role in the campaign and the convention.”
Like her father, Ivanka Trump was largely a household name well before his meteoric political rise. She played a pivotal role in later seasons of NBC's “The Apprentice,” graced magazine covers for her work as a model and has her own fashion line.
She's an active part of the family business and has emerged as a trusted adviser throughout his presidential campaign.
While much of the political world scoffed at the prospect of Donald Trump's candidacy, it was Ivanka who took the stage in Trump Tower in June 2015 to tout her father as the only man “bold and independent” enough to put the country back on track.
She traveled the campaign trail in Iowa despite being seven months pregnant, reportedly played a central role in her father's dismissal of former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, and attended high-level meetings last week with the campaign's vice presidential finalists.
Her visibility prompted a number of Trump allies to only half-jokingly suggest that she should join the ticket.
“His best running mate, by the way, would be Ivanka,” said Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) in an interview with MSNBC this month just after meeting with Donald Trump and withdrawing his name from the vice presidential race.
“I know that wouldn't pass muster, probably, but I don't know if I've ever met a more composed, brilliant, beautiful-in-every-way person.”
A summa cum laude graduate of the Wharton School — where her father also attended — Ivanka Trump has been described by the media as very much like her dad, though that may not be apparent to the public.
A 2007 New York Times article said Donald Trump's second-oldest child “inherited her father's prodigious flair for self-promotion” and is “her father's daughter to the bone.”
That same year, Marie Claire magazine said “Ivanka has clearly inherited a little of her father's P.T. Barnum instincts, as well as his liberal way with superlatives.”
But it's the contrast in style, one that has allowed her to rise above much of the criticism lobbed at her father, that plays to Trump's advantage.
Her active role in his campaign, Heye said, helps to portray the candidate as a “good parent,” which could help his appeal.
“Whatever else is said about Trump by people who don't support him, of which I am obviously one, she and his sons speak to the fact that he's raised a good family, and that's obviously an asset,” he said.
She has repeatedly been deployed as a counterweight to her father's most controversial comments, especially involving women.
Ivanka Trump appeared on “CBS This Morning” in May to do damage control after a New York Times story detailed her father's relationships with women. She swatted aside the “discredited” piece and said he has a history of promoting women in business. And in June, she declared him a “feminist” father who told her she could do anything she set her mind to.
Her husband, Jared Kushner, for whom she converted to Orthodox Judaism before their marriage in 2009, has also become a trusted adviser and defender. He reportedly played an important role in Donald Trump's speech to a major Jewish Republican group last year and penned an opinion piece lambasting those who labeled Trump as an anti-Semite after he tweeted an image that included a six-pointed star and a wall of money.
This week, she'll step into her biggest challenge: attempting to convince female voters to have a Trump renaissance.
Her father can use all the help he can get with women. More than three-quarters surveyed by ABC News and The Washington Post said they held an unfavorable view of Trump. And other polls are similarly dismal.
“Her goal is to personalize her father and describe the qualities she sees in Donald Trump that other people have had problems seeing,” GOP strategist Ron Bonjean said.
“There's no better platform for Ivanka Trump to make the case for her father and gender equality than the Republican convention. This is where Republicans are supposed to come together as a party behind the Republican nominee. Having a message like that to millions of voters would be extremely helpful.”
Despite the praise, some preach caution about Ivanka Trump meeting such lofty expectations, even if she gives a flawless speech.
Because, for all the damage control she has helped with over the past year, it does not appear to have persuaded many female voters.
“That has got to be one rhetorical sleight of hand if she's going to get a woman who has been slowly but surely simmering about all these things Trump has been saying about women that is offensive, and then have her listen to Ivanka Trump and go ‘Oh OK, maybe I feel differently now. He gets my vote,' ” said Thompson.
“That's got to be one whopper of a speech to do that.”
But if his daughter is able to deliver, Donald Trump could have a message to hold on to as he desperately tries to peel female voters away from Democratic rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
“If she makes the right speech,” Bonjean said, “the Trump campaign should bottle her comments up and deploy them in key battleground states to … soften the ground.”
Trump's other adult kids
1934 All-Star Game The second All-Star game was held on July 10 at the New York Polo Grounds. Once again, the batting line-up featured some of the best hitters in baseball. This game however, belonged to a pitcher, Carl Hubbell. Although he started off poorly, he turned in perhaps one of the most spellbinding performances ever seen in baseball. First, Charlie Gehringer led off with a single and moved to second on an outfield error. Then, Heinie Manush drew a walk bringing up Ruth, Gehrig and Foxx with two on, none out. It was a pitcher's worst nightmare. Hubbell accepted the challenge and began turning over his screwball with pinpoint precision. It was a delivery that was designed to break the backs of free swingers. Ruth was the first to fall after taking a called third strike and looking "decidedly puzzled," according to one account. Gehrig followed and went down swinging. Visibly frustrated, he apparently warned Foxx on his way back to the dugout, "You might as well cut. It won't get any higher." The advice didn't help; Foxx went down on strikes. In the second inning, Hubbell made it five in a row when he struck out Al Simmons and Joe Cronin. If the first All-Star Game had showcased the game's best bats, than the second showcased one of the game's best arms proving that both offense and defense had a place in the Midsummer Classic.
Master X Master Global Test (Japan, Korea, Taiwan only) will happen in the next month. MXM (Master X Master) - MOBA game developed by NCSoft with PVE and PVP modes. Not sure if we will see EU server. NA server official facebook page has only 244 likes right now https://www.facebook.com/PlayMXM/ (Go and like it!)About Asia server - I chose Japanese Master X Master Server because it frees, fast and big chance that we get unique content.Closed Beta Sign-Up - February 17th ~ March 1stClosed Beta Testing Schedule - March 9th ~ March 22ndTesting Hours - http://mxm.ncsoft.jp/board/notice/article/67 Master X Master Japanese Server Registration Guide1. Enter Master X Master website and press on the blue button.2. Now it asks if you have account or no, if you don't have account follow step 3. If you have account and experience some troubles check last pictures in this guide or just make new account.3. Press small registration button.4. Put your email and press buttonAfter that check email and copy code.5. Fill required information.1. Password.2. Secret question and answer (must be written on Japanese language, save him since you need it if your account experience problems.3. Nickname.4. Age.5. Sex. (male/female)6. Confirm.7. If everything fine press it.6. Check information and screenshot it or save somewhere.7. Press on 'ok' button few times.Congratulation.Since we still need to apply to the beta test enter Master X Master website and press on blue button (Step 1). Now it will ask you to login (login - email that you used to register account) login and press blue button again. If you see long list and this in the bottom then everything ok.Put random information and press on button.Congratulation.If you see this error -1. Press button, check email and put code below.2. Your secret question answer.
A Twitter user announced today to Elon Musk that he was “surprised/disappointed” to discover that SpaceX had donated $10,000 to Donald Trump's campaign. Musk responded within 15 minutes, saying: “SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign.”
The original image shared in the confrontational tweet lists the Center for Responsive Politics as its source. A glance at the CRP's current list for top Trump donors does not list SpaceX. However, a cached version of the page from February 29 does.
A researcher at CRP tells Inverse that the listed contribution was “unfortunately incorrect” and due to a “matching error”: another donor was somehow incorrectly listed as a SpaceX employee.
Musk's carefully worded statement — “SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign” (emphasis added) — is intriguing. As it turns out, Musk, SpaceX, and Tesla have donated lots of money to lots of people. For instance…
Here is a list of all Elon Musk's donations. The top two recipients are the National Republican Congressional Committee and the DNC Services Corp.
Here is a list of all SpaceX donations. Since 2004, the total figure exceeds $1,000,000. (The top recipient in 2013-2014 is Lindsey Graham, a Republican Senator from South Carolina. He received $17,900 from SpaceX.)
And here is a SpaceX political action committee, commonly known as a PAC.
.@curtismcauliff SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 2, 2016
Updated with comment from CRP at 3:23 p.m.
David Vasilev found a beautiful anomaly in the Dakotas. It was while photographing the Lakota tribe in the Great Plains of South Dakota that he was told of the German-speaking Hutterites, a community of pacifists with roots traced to the 16th century. The Bulgarian-born photographer found himself in a pocket of space where the spinning of time seems to have come to a halt. He spent a month photographing members of the Hutterite colony, focusing on the daily nuances of the youth. The resulting photographs beautifully capture them in moments of work and play, inviting us into a rarely-seen world encapsulating elements of humor, warmth, and youthful naiveté. Each shot seems to exist in an otherworldly fusion of past and present. We recently spoke to Vasilev about the series.
How did you first encounter the Hutterites?
I went to the Lakotas with the idea to shoot there for a week or two. So long story short, after I was ready to leave South Dakota, I asked the Medicine Man I was staying with, "Can you recommend a place nearby? I'm looking for characters." He thought about it and said, "There's this German speaking Wasichu, they're like a day and a half drive from here. Give me your map." This was 2004 when cell phones still had black and green screens, and there was no GPS. So he made a couple of spots on the map.
It sounds like a treasure hunt. How did you end up finding them?
I left the reservation and drove for about 12 hours. I continued driving and ran out of gas. I sat there for one, two, three hours - god knows how long. At one point, the machine that harvests the grain was coming and this guy pulled over. This older man said, "You run out of gas? What are you doing here?" I told him that I'm a photographer from Bulgaria looking for the Hutterites but I ran out of gas and didn't find them. He said, "Well, young man, it's your lucky day. I'm one of the Hutterites."
It's almost mythical how you couldn't find them.
He gave me gas and we drove to the colony. I met the elders, I met the priest who is like the mayor, the teacher, everything. They are the most religious people I've met so far. The kids don't learn any history, geography, or science. They just read the Bible.
Why did you focus on photographing the children?
There was a gang of kids always following me. They would sit quietly, just looking at me, kind of just stare at you like you'll see in some of the pictures. They just had no idea who the hell I was.
What are their days like?
Everybody is always doing something, so the kids are helping all the time - everything from the farm, working with the animals, the fields, and the girls help in the kitchen. I think only Sunday was their free day, but it wasn't really a free day because they have three hours of prayers and old German songs they were singing.
What can you tell me about some of the things you observed?
I started to realize that there's actually no music, no sports. They really don't know anything about the outside world; I guess that's how they preserve their heritage. One day I was bored and had a soccer ball in the car. One by one these little youngsters starting coming up to me. They looked at me like I totally fell down from the moon and they looked at the ball like, "What is this for?" I kicked the ball to one of the kids and he picked it up with his hands. I was like, ''Nein, nein, nein," and I'm pointing to his feet. I tried to explain the rules. I was like, "You guys are on this team. I'm on this team." I lost them there and realized no one was getting the concept of teams. They're all together so they're like, "Why do we have to separate?" I will never forget the day I taught the Hutterites soccer. Eventually we just started kicking the ball around.
When you first pulled out your camera, did they seem comfortable?
When I hung out in the beginning they were interested in me, and then eventually nobody really cared that I was there. They started doing their own thing and that's when I started following them more. I became a Hutterite kid and I was like one more of them running around looking through a loophole in time and space.
Is there a particular moment you will never forget?
There was a girl named Else and she was maybe 12 years old. She was playing around barefoot with this pig, and I took some pictures of her and she asked me, "Have you seen the ocean?" I didn't realize that she doesn't have any knowledge of geography, so I asked "Which ocean?" and her eyes widened. She said, "There's more than one?" That was the moment when I realized where I was, how differently they grow up, and how naively beautiful their lives are.
davidvasilev.com/
Credits
Text J.L. Sirisuk
Photography courtesy David Vasilev
U.S. nuclear energy facilities generated electricity at a record high level of reliability in 2015, according to preliminary estimates.
Ninety-nine nuclear power plants operating in 30 states posted an estimated average capacity factor of 91.9 percent, based on preliminary 2015 data compiled by the Nuclear Energy Institute. That surpasses the industry's prior record set in 2007 by one-tenth of a percentage point. Capacity factor measures the total electricity generated as a percentage of potential generation for the entire year.
Actual electricity production from nuclear energy facilities last year was the fifth-highest ever, at an estimated 797.9 billion kilowatt-hours (kwh). The industry's record high electricity generation came in 2010, when the 104 reactors then operating produced 806.9 billion kwh of electricity while posting an industry average capacity factor of 90.9 percent.
The amount of electricity generated in 2015 exceeded the amount produced in 2014, even though one less plant operated due to the 2014 closing of Vermont Yankee. This record efficiency is even more important as states strive to meet new carbon-reduction targets for the electric sector.
“The 2015 data confirm yet again what a tremendous asset nuclear energy technology is,” said NEI Chief Nuclear Officer Anthony Pietrangelo. “U.S. nuclear power plants continue to operate at exceptional levels of safety and reliability, while generating affordable electricity that consumers and our economy rely on. This is due to the hard work and dedication of the highly skilled men and women who work at these facilities and the reactor vendors and suppliers who provide support services.”
During periods of extreme weather, the value of nuclear energy facilities is even greater, according to NEI. For example, nuclear plants withstood historic flooding that overwhelmed the Central United States from late December 2015 to mid-January of this year. Affected nuclear facilities included Fort Calhoun and Cooper Nuclear Station in Nebraska, Callaway in Missouri, Arkansas Nuclear One, Grand Gulf in Mississippi, and River Bend and Waterford in Louisiana. In all cases, the plants' flood protection measures enabled reliable operation throughout the event.
Nuclear energy facilities for the past two decades have annually produced about one-fifth of America's electricity supplies, even as total electricity demand has increased significantly. Because of their electric sector-leading capacity factors, they have done so even though nuclear power plants constitute only about 10 percent of the nation's installed electric generating capacity.
Final 2015 performance data will be available in about two months.
Miami dead animal artist Enrique Gomez De Molina was recently arrested and faces up to 5-years in jail and $250K in fines after illegally smuggling in the remains of rare and endangered animals to make his Frankensculptures. For shame, Enrique! How much for a female mannequin with the head of a dinosaur?
According to the report, he is charged with possessing the skins of a Java kingfisher, collared kingfisher, bird of paradise, and juvenile hawk-eagle as well as the carcasses of a slow loris and a mouse deer, all from Indonesia.
The artist had not obtained the required permits to import the animal parts, and police claim De Molina knew what he was doing was illegal as he asked the people he bought them from to wrap them in carbon paper, according to the MN Times. The artist claims that he aimed to raise awareness with his work to the danger faced by a range of species...
Ah yes, the old "raise awareness by partaking in the same practices responsible for the animal's near extinction in the first place". Now that is what I call ART. A piece made from the very thing it speaks against. Reminds me of my most recent project. It was called 'PLEASE DON'T STINK'. And? And was just 'PLEASE DON'T STINK' spelled out really big on the carpet in dog turds. "Jesus -- what the hell is wrong with you?" I'm ahead of my time!
Hit the jump for a whole bunch more ark-missers.
Are these the sickest stuffed animals ever? Now artist faces JAIL over taxidermy [dailymail]
Thanks to Joanna, who agrees there's probably a reason Noah didn't let these freaks on the ark. Maybe not a good reason, but a reason.
Atlanta-area internet activists are planning a series of protests ahead of a vote expected this week that would repeal net neutrality.
Like us on Facebook
Net Neutrality
To understand net neutrality, the internet can be likened to a highway. All cars are welcome and must abide by the same speed limit. But if there's an express lane, you can pay a toll to get to your destination faster.
The Federal Communications Commission is expected to repeal net neutrality Thursday. It would potentially allow companies — for example, like Hulu — to pay internet providers a little extra, like a toll, so their website and videos download faster than their competitors.
Peter Swire is a professor of law and ethics at the Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business and an associate director of the Institute for Information Security and Privacy.
“Under net neutrality, all the different websites get downloaded to consumers the same way. If you take away net neutrality, it gives the internet service providers a chance to decide what they're going to let through and what they're not going to let through, so there's a possibility of censorship,” Swire said. “It's hard to see why that's in the business interest of the internet providers, but it's a concern people express.”
Greater Profits
Swire said repealing net neutrality would allow internet providers to charge companies different rates and find a more profitable business model.
“The internet providers have become worried that they're just going to be boring commodity service providers, they're just going to connect the pipe from the network to people's homes and that won't lead to particularly high profits. So they've been looking for new ways to make money,” Swire said. “None of the internet service providers are close to bankruptcy. They see big internet companies, like Google and Facebook, taking most of the advertising and revenue from online activities, and they'd like to be able to compete more effectively.”
Atlantans Protest
About 70 internet activists gathered Thursday along Peachtree Road in front of a Verizon store to protest the repeal of net neutrality. Jack Gruendler of East Atlanta was among the protesters.
“It's not just they're going to make you pay more,” Gruendler said. “The FCC wants to allow internet providers to literally censor the internet, stifle messages they don't like and basically destroy free speech on the internet. It's the most important issue going on today.”
Gruendler said internet providers could decide to block websites or make some of them so slow they would be nearly impossible to access.
The big internet providers like Verizon, Comcast and AT&T said they're not looking to censor or slow down content, but protesters have said they don't trust the internet providers to keep their promises. Google Fiber said it had no comment.
The FCC said with the repeal, internet providers “will be required to disclose blocking, throttling, affiliated prioritization, paid prioritization, congestion management practices, application-specific behavior and device attachment rules, if any.”
Internal Opposition
Two of the five FCC commissioners said they will vote against Chairman Ajit Pai and the majority to keep net neutrality.
One of them, Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, held a town hall meeting in Atlanta on net neutrality earlier this year.
“As I traveled through Atlanta and go off of the highways, there are too many places where people have suffered because there is chronic redlining that goes on in certain communities. The FCC could be a conduit or a backstop to ensure that does not happen as much,” Clyburn said. “But if we have a hands-off approach, then those communities do not have the infrastructure, where the investment is not naturally flowing, particularly in some of the more rural areas of Georgia, then it's going to be problematic.”
Equal Access
Clyburn said she wants more regulation to ensure equal access. She said she's not convinced repealing net neutrality would incentivize companies to expand broadband access to rural areas.
“Part of the idea of being regulated as monopoly utility companies is that internet providers are required to serve the entire area where they are,” said Gruendler of East Atlanta. “If this passes, the sky's the limit. Maybe even that will change. Maybe Comcast and AT&T will no longer have to offer affordable internet service to southwest Atlanta. Maybe they'll no longer have to build out the fiber to make it so you can get the same internet whether you're in Buckhead or on the poor side of town. And heaven help you if you're rural, you're just screwed.”
Long-Term Investments
But Mercer University business professor Antonio Saravia said he supports the FCC's move.
He said companies can make more money and investments without the net neutrality rule.
“While it may hurt small businesses or families the next year or so, in the long run, it may be better for the industries in place,” Saravia said. “In these highly technological industries, typically these regulations do not keep up with the technological developments. With less regulation, industries tend to thrive, and we, in the long run, see more products, more diversity, better prices.”
Georgia Tech professor Swire said whether investments will be made, in rural areas for example, is a point of contention.
“For the past 20 years, the internet service providers have said they'll make more investments if they're more profitable, and critics have claimed that the internet service providers take the profits and don't put in the new investments,” Swire said.
Recess showed the public is engaged, knowledgeable and ready to hold lawmakers accountable.
A town hall in Reno on April 17, 2017. (Photo11: David Calvert, Getty Images)
President Trump is in a big rush for House Republicans to repeal the Affordable Care Act by the time he reaches the 100-day mark on Saturday. This revives what for many Americans has been an agonizing process of watching their access to health care become a political football in the worst tradition of Washington dealmaking — secretive drafting, rushed votes, multiple closed-door sessions and minimal debate.
But as many lawmakers found out over this month's two-week congressional recess, there is a real debate going on in the real world. The public is increasingly knowledgeable about health care and increasingly united on the role the government should play.
The senators and House members who chose to talk directly to voters heard firsthand stories about what their constituents expect from the health care system. I was at a town hall where a woman tearfully described her fear that she wouldn't be able to afford the medicine that helps her treat her mental illness if the ACA is repealed. Even at a conservative Chamber of Commerce event I attended, all the health care questions revolved around the increased premiums and the reduction in coverage under the Republican bill.
The town halls seem to coincide with recent public surveys indicating that the decades-long debate over whether all Americans should have guaranteed access to health care is becoming settled. As Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., a physician, summed it up recently, “There's a widespread recognition that the federal government, Congress, has created the right for every American to have health care.”
The majority also want the government to require insurance companies to cover them whatever their health status and outlaw policies with caps, gaps or hidden “gotchas.”
Americans are proving to be not only engaged, but also surprisingly well-informed — even about complex health care policies. Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., found this out when he faced a woman at a town hall who insisted that he state his position on high-risk pools, which she opposed and which are a prominent feature of the newest Trumpcare bill. Very likely, most in the room hadn't even heard of a high-risk pool two months before, let alone understood how punitive and unworkable they can be for people who need to care the most.
It's clear from the town halls that Americans are no longer satisfied with simple platitudes and talking points that might have worked during campaign season. They have come to recognize that when a buzzword such as “freedom” is applied to the health care debate, it often means the freedom for insurance companies not to cover things most Americans find essential.
Pat Roberts, a conservative senator from Kansas, learned this the hard way. When asked whether he supported getting rid of the guarantee of essential benefits, he joked, “I sure don't want my mammogram benefits taken away.” He was barraged with stories from the pre-ACA days when plans didn't cover basic services and lives were lost. He soon apologized.
Roberts is not alone in finding himself out of step with a more informed and activated public. The latest House Trumpcare proposal would let insurers charge sick people significantly more and effectively eliminate access for people with pre-existing conditions.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
Republicans are facing not just one but two immediate votes that for many will pit the interests of their constituents directly against their party leaders. The first involves the government's commitment to insurers to reduce the cost of deductibles for low-income individuals. Lawmakers could put money for this in a bill they need to pass to keep the government running past Friday. If they don't, they will reduce access to insurance for millions and could risk a government shutdown in the process. They will also be at odds not only with the public but also with doctors, hospitals, states and bipartisan experts who are united in calling on Congress to keep its commitment.
Republican leaders are also planning a floor vote this week on their latest version of Trumpcare. Given the changes, it could be even more unpopular than the original and force many members to decide whether to vote against their districts or their party bosses. The latter have often come out ahead. Like all bosses, they carry a lot of day-to-day influence. They hand out committee assignments, set the legislative agenda, and help members raise funds for re-election.
After the recess, however, there are signs that voters might be in a stronger position. Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., who had very recently been calling for repealing the ACA, told a town hall that "there are things in the Affordable Care Act we expect to stay." He pledged to make sure any changes are “responsive to my community.”
For many House members who live in districts with much to lose, these votes present a tough choice. More than ever, the folks back home seem ready to hold their representatives accountable if they make the wrong one.
Andy Slavitt, a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors and a former health care industry executive, was acting administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services from 2015 to 2017. Follow him on Twitter @ASlavitt
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pV5v5p
Some Questions on tech trees:
They all look the same (Tank tech tree for GER, ITA, USA, ENG...), except the model name and pictures:
1) Is it possible to give/have different stats for the different countries?
2) If I want to add a model, f.e. a 1936 medium tank, do I have to add it to all countries or is it possible to have it different for every country?
3) Do the naval Versions of CAS/ Torp/ Fighters get different profiles? If not is it possible to mod?
4) Do the variants for tanks (TD, SP-arty, sP-AA) get different profiles? If not is it possible to mod?
5) I saw Johan at the WWW changing the template Picture of his Division template. Would it be possible to do something else for the variant System?
F.e. I take Spitfire and want to make a new variant Spitfire Mk.II, than I open a template by clicking on the Picture and can choose a different Profile Picture? Or at least make it modable?
Thank you very much
Click to expand...
Rising above the parapet of the human condition, Nürburgring lap times are largely pointless willy-waving exercises between rival manufacturers churning out useless trivia used by inadequate men to wow their friends and repel women.
But, but… who can't help but feel a twinge of excitement when a car blitzes around James May's least favourite holiday destination and sets a record time? In today's edition of Totally Useless But Quite Entertaining ‘Ring Lap Times is the Lexus LFA. Specifically, the Lexus LFA Nürburgring Edition. It has just done the obligatory 14-odd mile lap in 7m 14s.
See more pics of the Lexus LFA Nürburgring Edition
That, dear Internet, is fast. Very fast. It puts it eight seconds faster than the ‘standard' LFA and just two seconds off the pace of a Gumpert Apollo Speed. Gazoo Racing driver Akira Iida was behind the wheel during the attempt.
Haruhiko Tanahashi, LFA chief engineer, said: “The LFA Nürburgring Package is the culmination of our extensive testing programme and we have appreciated the opportunities to use the Nürburgring Nordschleife to strengthen and develop the LFA into the vehicle it is today.
“The development team's obsession, Iida-san's concentration and good course conditions all led to our achieving this record.”
For reference, the ‘Ring package adds ten more horsepowers to make 562bhp, a faster shifting six-speed auto ‘box (0.15s), stiffer, adjustable suspension, a fixed rear wing and stickier tyres.
Of course, being an avaricious Internet hound, you'll be aware of the numerous caveats applied to these unofficial times. Yet there's no denying the LFA - in this orangey-boom guise - is ruddy fast indeed.
Now watch it:
Jobs go as Bridgestone closes
Updated
About 600 Bridgestone employees have been told the company's tyre-making plant at Salisbury in Adelaide will be closing within six months.
The company says international competition is behind its decision, not the global financial crisis.
Senior executive director Andrew Moffatt says Bridgestone has been reviewing its operations for many years and the Salisbury plant's operations are no longer viable.
"We've been working with the employees and the management and we've made significant investment in these factories over a number of years to improve their cost competitiveness, to improve the fact that those factories can survive in the long term," he said.
"Unfortunately we've not succeeded in this."
Employee Darren Iron was told of the closure this afternoon.
"The actual managers told us to go home and we'll be paid what we should be for the rest of this day," he said.
South Australian Premier Mike Rann says he is disappointed that the decision was made by management in Japan.
In 2007, Bridgestone became a private company, wholly owned by its Japanese parent.
Mr Rann says he was only told about the closure by a staff member at 1:00pm today.
"It's a similar thing to what happened to Mitsubishi," he said.
"Here we've got companies that in my view were less than frank with people. The bottom line for me is helping these workers."
The Opposition's employment participation spokesman, Andrew Southcott, says it is a blow for the region.
"These jobs are located in northern Adelaide, which is already an area of high unemployment, it's already an area of social disadvantage," he said.
"That's why it's important that both the South Australian and Federal Government look at providing a structural adjustment package."
Union shocked
The company says all employees will receive their full entitlements.
South Australia's secretary at the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union, John Camillo, says Brigestone's announcement came without warning.
"It is a sudden shock, we knew they were doing it tough over the last few years but my concern now is there's no way we can save the company," he said.
"But [we need to] seriously sit down with the company, with the state and federal governments, to look at training these people."
Mr Camillo says it has been difficult for union members to swallow the company's decision.
"My main focus now is to see what we can do for these people, told now, who will go home and talk to their families about not having full-time employment and what they need to do to continue," he said.
"While there is a redundancy package already negotiated, we just have to be mindful that these people find employment elsewhere."
A plant in Christchurch in New Zealand which employs about 275 workers will also close at the end of this year.
Bridgestone says more than 1,500 other employees working in its distribution, customer service and retail networks will not be affected by the closures.
Topics: manufacturing, company-news, automotive, unemployment, work, international-financial-crisis, adelaide-5000, sa, new-zealand
First posted
Neil Gorsuch, President Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court, has drawn the support of two Democratic senators in his bid to become the next justice. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
On Saturday, an aide to President Trump took to Twitter to denounce a renegade House Republican and encouraged other Republicans to defeat the wayward lawmaker in a GOP primary next year.
On Monday, liberal advocacy groups plan to deliver a petition to the political arm of Senate Democrats denouncing a pair of Democratic incumbents who intend to break ranks to support Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch. The groups plan to demand that Democrats refrain from spending any funds to reelect Sens. Joe Manchin III (W.Va.) and Heidi Heitkamp (N.D.), more conservative Democrats whose presence in their seats are the best defense against ceding them to Republicans.
A little over two months into Donald Trump's presidency, Washington is experiencing fierce civil wars on either end of the ideological spectrum — an extraordinary development that has created a political climate unlike any in recent memory.
Republicans and Democrats, reeling from different forms of defeat, have turned on their own in an attempt to punish those members of their party who don't conform to the prevailing orthodoxy on the biggest issues of the day. Outside political groups and President Trump himself have issued threats to these transgressors — and, in at least one case, a conservative group has withdrawn advertising and resources aiding a GOP lawmaker.
The casualty of the nonstop infighting is a lack of focus on the political middle ground, where elections are won and where legislation must be forged to win enough votes to be enacted.
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Normally, the losing party spends many months after a presidential election in a soul-searching mission aimed at figuring out what went wrong, usually prompting a debate about whether to try to appeal more to centrists or seek further ideological purity aimed at turning out more base voters in the next election.
Yet the 2016 election and its aftermath have increased tensions across the political spectrum, heightening the establishment vs. anti-establishment feud in Republican circles and sparking a new wave of fury within Democratic ranks.
[Joe Manchin's high-wire act: Working with Trump — and criticizing both parties]
The House's implosion on the health-care debate in late March and the Senate's debate over Gorsuch's nomination crystallize those internal wars.
The president, according to Dan Scavino Jr.'s tweet, “is bringing auto plants & jobs back to Michigan. @justinamash is a liability.”
Scavino is the director of White House social media and a senior adviser to Trump, a role that would usually mean keeping a low profile and not issuing threats against a fellow Republican such as Rep. Justin Amash (Mich.). Amash was part of the conservative House Freedom Caucus that helped take down the legislation that would have repealed some of the 2010 Affordable Care Act and replaced it with a complex system of tax credits, which was supported by Trump and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.).
Scavino issued a final edict to his 385,000 followers on Twitter on Saturday, about how to handle Amash: “Defeat him in primary.”
(Reuters)
This followed several days of angry tweets from Trump, warning Freedom Caucus members to “get on the team” or else he would “fight” them, a seeming reference to primary challenges next year. The president singled out Amash and Reps. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) and Raúl R. Labrador (R-Idaho) by name for their recalcitrant ways.
Trump is getting his first experience with GOP infighting that has vexed Ryan and his predecessor, former speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), since Republicans won the House majority in the 2010 midterms.
But it's not just far-right Republicans under political fire. The Congressional Leadership Fund, a super PAC run by allies of Ryan, pulled its ad campaign in support of Rep. David Young (R-Iowa) when he announced that the health legislation tilted too far to the right and would leave too many constituents without insurance in his middle-of-the-road district.
The PAC had already placed a staffer in Des Moines to begin collecting data to help Young in his reelection race. The staffer was called home.
The feuding has left Trump's entire agenda up in the air, as the issues ahead, particularly a restructuring of the tax code, are just as complex as overhauling the health-care industry. In normal times, one option would be to turn to Democrats for support, but, as Gorsuch's confirmation battle demonstrates, these are not normal times and almost no Democrat is willing to work with the president out of fear that liberal anti-Trump activists will take out their anger on them.
[Trump threatens hard-liners as part of escalating Republican civil war]
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) has declared that he will round up enough votes to keep Gorsuch under the 60-vote threshold needed to choke off a filibuster. He told The Washington Post that it was “virtually impossible” for any senators to broker a last-minute deal to avoid that result, which will then prompt Republicans to change Senate rules on a party-line vote to end supermajority requirements for Supreme Court justices.
So far, Manchin and Heitkamp — from states that Trump won last year by more than 35 percentage points — have joined all 52 Republicans in supporting Gorsuch. The result is that a dozen liberal groups are rounding up signatures to try to prevent the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee from supporting the senators. It could be a self-defeating move for Democrats: Manchin and Heitkamp are widely considered the only possible members of their party who might be able to win in those deeply conservative states.
One member of this coalition, We Will Replace You, is a new super PAC with a central goal of funding primary opponents against Democrats who make any positive overtures toward Trump. “The next crucial step is escalating our demands, and demonstrating that we won't accept anything less than full opposition,” its mission statement says.
Schumer has repeatedly said he would work with Trump if the president moved to the middle.
Yet the Democratic leader told The Post that, in a meeting with Trump earlier this year, Schumer told the president that his party would oppose all 21 names on a list of potential Supreme Court nominees. Schumer said, however, that he has not offered the president a single name of a candidate who would not be the victim of Democratic obstruction.
One Democrat, Sen. Christopher A. Coons (Del.), made a slight effort to try to find a compromise on Gorsuch. But the effort was immediately pilloried by liberal groups demanding a filibuster.
The talks collapsed, in a fashion that sums up much of the current state of Washington.
“There is not a lot of common ground and trust to work on, but I'm open to anyone who's got a reasonable suggestion,” Coons said.
Read more from Paul Kane's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
This unenviable assignment was made even more onerous by his longstanding pessimism about the war.
At a cocktail party in Saigon in 1967, General Weyand, speaking of Westmoreland, had told Murray Fromson, a CBS news correspondent: “Westy just doesn't get it. The war is unwinnable. We've reached a stalemate, and we should find a dignified way out.”
In a telephone interview on Friday, Mr. Fromson said: “He was very candid, and a very decent guy. A lot of the generals felt that way, but he was willing to sit down and talk about it.”
General Weyand later expanded on his views in an off-the-record conversation with Mr. Fromson and R. W. Apple Jr. of The New York Times. Swearing both reporters to secrecy, he painted a grim picture of American prospects.
“I've destroyed a single division three times,” General Weyand said. “I've chased main-force units all over the country, and the impact was zilch. It meant nothing to the people. Unless a more positive and more stirring theme than simple anti-Communism can be found, the war appears likely to go on until someone gets tired and quits, which could take generations.”
Identifying him as “a senior American general,” Mr. Apple reported these views in a front-page article on Aug. 7, 1967, “Vietnam: The Signs of Stalemate.” As one of the first substantial articles in a mainstream publication to cast serious doubt on the whole Vietnam adventure, it had an immediate and explosive effect, infuriating both General Westmoreland and President Lyndon B. Johnson and planting seeds of doubt in the public mind.
General Weyand predicted that South Vietnam would achieve victory over the North even as his forces prepared to leave the field of battle.
Photo
“Our mission has been accomplished,” he stated in an address to the South Vietnamese on March 29, 1973. “I depart with a strong feeling of pride in what we have achieved.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He concluded, “It is our sincere hope that the peace with honor that has been our goal will last forever.”
Frederick Carlton Weyand was born on Sept. 15, 1916, in Arbuckle, Calif. His father was Berkeley's chief of police, and he attended the University of California, Berkeley, where he served in the R.O.T.C. and earned a degree in criminology in 1939. In 1940 he was called up for active duty in the Army.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
That year he married Arline Langhart, who died in 2001. In addition to his daughter Carolyn, of Portugal Cove, Newfoundland, he is survived by another daughter, Nancy Hart, of Honolulu; a son, Robert, of Durham, England; his wife, Mary; a brother, Robert, of Orinda, Calif.; five grandchildren; and four stepchildren.
During World War II, he served in an intelligence unit under Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell in the China-Burma-India Theater.
After the war, he was sent to Honolulu, where he was chief of staff for intelligence in the middle Pacific. His principal focus was China, but he also formed part of the task force that tested atomic weapons on the Eniwetok atoll in 1948.
Eager to see active duty, he enrolled in infantry training at Fort Benning, Ga., and completed an advanced course just as the Korean War broke out. Commanding the Cotton Balers, a battalion in the Seventh Infantry Regiment, Third Division, he held a corridor against onrushing Chinese forces, allowing Americans to retreat to the port city of Hungnam in North Korea for evacuation.
Cool and cerebral, Mr. Weyand seemed more like a diplomat or a corporate executive than a fighting officer, a style that might explain his assignment, after duty in Germany and France, as the Army's legislative liaison officer to Capitol Hill from 1962 to 1964.
In 1969, he was pulled from duty in Vietnam to be a military adviser to the American delegation at the Paris Peace talks. There, he later told a reporter, he found out that the Vietcong “are as tough in suits and ties as they are in black pajamas.”
Promoted to the rank of full general, he returned to Vietnam as General Abrams's deputy in 1970 and applied himself to the task of winning hearts and minds and carrying out the military's pacification policy.
Two years later General Weyand succeeded General Abrams as commander of American forces, and in 1973 he was named commander in chief of all Army forces in the Pacific. Later that year, he succeeded Gen. Alexander M. Haig as Army vice chief of staff. When General Abrams died in 1974, the year American forces withdrew from Vietnam, General Weyand was appointed his successor as chief of staff.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After retiring from the Army in 1976, he became vice president and corporate secretary at First Hawaiian Bank in Honolulu. He retired from the bank in 1982 to become trustee of the Damon Estate, a trust created in 1924 and based on the large landholdings of Samuel Mills Damon, the founder of what became the First Hawaiian Bank.
Jewelry Gifts for Geeky Guys
After the amazing response to the Jewelry for Geeky Girls post last week, I thought maybe the guys were feeling left out so I went hunting for jewelry gift ideas for geeky guys. There's not quite so wide a selection but the quality of some of these items is much higher. It seems guys don't tend to wear fun, costume jewelry like girls do!
This first section shows some of the amazing geeky rings that are available. The Green Lantern ring is gorgeous and was my favorite of the options available. I particularly like the black stainless steel Batman ring too – some of the other Batman rings looked a little more cheesy to me!
Spider-Man Face RingCheck Price Batman Black Matte RingCheck Price Friday 13th Jason Mask RingCheck Price Green Lantern RingCheck Price
Next up are the pendants – there are a lot of dog tag style pendants with geeky stuff stamped on them but I wanted to find some really unusual ones for you. Thor's Hammer and the Raven Warrior pendants are both based on Norse designs but so many fantasy and superhero books & movies are based on Norse mythology, I thought they fitted in perfectly.
Zombie Biohazard PendantCheck Price Thors Hammer PendantCheck Price Batman Joker Why So SeriousCheck Price Raven Warrior PendantCheck Price
I know many guys don't need cuff links but some of the best geeky jewelry for guys is in the cuff link section! They are the perfect size for a small, understated show of geekiness – with Star Trek insignia, Superhero icons and even miniature robots being available.
Computer Esc & Ctrl CufflinksCheck Price Superman CufflinksCheck Price Retro Geek Robot CufflinksCheck Price Star Trek Shield CufflinksCheck Price
I don't know many guys who wear bracelets or wrist jewelry but there are a few geeky items available. The Star Trek ID bracelet is fairly subtle but I think it's a gorgeous design. Dragons and skulls often feature in geek culture so I included both in the bracelet section. The circuit board lapel pin would be great for any computer geek.
Dragon Curb Chain BraceletCheck Price Star Trek ID BraceletCheck Price Skull Curb Chain BraceletCheck Price Circuit Board Lapel PinCheck Price
So there we go – a great selection of stunning jewelry for geeky guys everywhere. If you have a geeky guy who wears accessories like these, it would be a fantastic gift idea for him. I'm pretty sure he'd love whichever one you choose for him.
If you're having problems coming up with gift ideas for your geek or gamer, have a look through some of our older posts – we've been busy curating lists for a few weeks now and may have found the perfect gift idea for you. Don't forget to come back either – we still have almost 2 weeks before Christmas and we have more gift ideas yet to come. If you sign up for the mailing list, you'll get each post delivered directly to your inbox so you won't miss a post.
The farcical jihadist career of Kansas resident John Booker Jr. came to an equally preposterous end today, when the FBI agents he'd been working alongside announced they'd arrested him for a plot “in support of ISIS.”
Or at least what he thought was a plot in support of what he thought was ISIS. Booker and two undercover FBI agents went to Fort Riley with a fake bomb the FBI had manufactured for the occasion, and Booker is charged with wanting to detonate it, which could lead to life in prison.
The plot, such as it is, got started when Booker posted on Facebook last year that he was “getting ready to be killed in jihad,” adding, in a suggestion he doesn't get what jihad is, that he is “eager to meet my lord.”
The FBI confronted Booker on the post, and he conceded that he'd tried, unsuccessfully, to join the Army the previous month, and only tried to join so he could “commit an insider attack against American soldiers.”
That apparently wasn't the right nonsense plot from the FBI's perspective, so they got undercover agents to contact him in October, with one claiming to be a “top Islamic sheik.” In March they made a phony ISIS propaganda video, and then made another this month with the phony bomb, before he was finally arrested.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
TORONTO — Cold Canadian winters and wear and tear have taken a toll on the star of the late hockey legend Jean Beliveau.
A large, jagged crack has separated the bottom left corner of Beliveau's star on Canada's Walk of Fame from the rest of the red granite stone plaque in Toronto's theatre district.
His former NHL club, the Montreal Canadiens, is hoping the marker honouring "Le Gros Bill," will be fixed.
"We would certainly hope the Jean Beliveau's star would be repaired," said Canadiens spokeman Donald Beauchamp in an interview with The Canadian Press. Canadiens Alumni Association President Rejean Houle feels the same way, he said. Houle won a Stanley Cup playing with Beliveau in 1971.
The star is set to be replaced, but that could take a few more months.
When asked if the star takes on a special significance given Beliveau's death in December, Beauchamp said it has always been important.
"It goes way beyond that," he said. "It would just be nice if it would get repaired."
Beliveau was inducted into the Walk of Fame in 2001 for his contributions to sport.
He spent 18 seasons with the Montreal Canadiens between 1953 and 1971, winning 10 Stanley Cup championships with the team. He won the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player in 1956 and 1964 and the Art Ross Trophy as the league's scoring leader in 1956.
His family could not be reached for comment.
Beliveau's star isn't the only one requiring some attention. Markers for Canada's "man in motion," Rick Hansen, and rock band the Guess Who have similar diagonal cracks. Hansen's star has one along the bottom right corner and the Guess Who's star has a smaller one along the bottom left corner.
"I have the utmost respect for the organization and am confident (Canada's Walk of Fame) will address the issue of the damaged stars," Hansen said in an email.
Canada's Walk of Fame CEO Melanie Hurley said the damage to the three stars has been identified and new stars are being made.
"It takes a few months for the new stars to be produced. Once we receive them, we notify the city and they then add the request to their overall sidewalk maintenance schedule," Hurley said in a statement. "The replacement usually takes place in the fall."
While the Walk of Fame is responsible for providing replacement stars, it is the city of Toronto that is responsible for installing new ones and maintaining the surrounding sidewalk. The city is aware of the damage and will be taking steps to ensure repairs begin as soon as possible, said transportation service director Kypros Perikleous.
The unique nature of the Walk of Fame as a monument to significant Canadians like Beliveau makes it different than other sidewalks in Toronto and Perikleous says it requires some special attention.
"Those stars are there for a reason and just for that very reason alone extra care should be given to that area."
In 1998, Ask Ars was an early feature of the newly-launched Ars Technica. Now, as then, it's all about your questions and our community's answers. Each week, we'll dig into our question bag, provide our own take, then tap the wisdom of our readers. To submit your own question, see our helpful tips page.
Question: What's the most secure way to transport 100GB of data via Sneakernet?
Sharing small files across the Internet with a good amount of security keeps getting easier, but large datasets can still create long, painful upload times. In this video edition of Ask Ars, we cover the most secure ways to transport large datasets by trekking the dusty trail, otherwise known as Sneakernet, even with predators in hot pursuit.
In the video, we discuss how figuring hardware into the equation offers additional physical security options, like fingerprint scanners, biometric drives, and smart cards (though these are more commonly used with full disk encryption). Those measures aside, good old software-based encryption is always a safe bet, and we run would-be data transporters through a few different options.
No matter what method you choose, security takes time. If you're in the process of creating the files you'll be transporting, you should encrypt them on the fly. Otherwise, reserve a block of time for the whole thing to get scrambled. Do your due diligence and secure your computer before dealing with sensitive data, especially if you have persistent nemeses, and keep your passphrases safe.
Finally, if you're prone to being chased by interlopers like data bears, proper cardio training is paramount.
What methods do you use to keep your portable media safe from prying eyes?
(Update: Hidden TrueCrypt volumes have two passwords, one for the visible volume and the other for the nested hidden volume. But users do not need to open the visible volume in order to open the hidden one, as suggested in the video.)
CLOSE All Greens opened the first medicinal marijuana drive-thru in the state of Arizona in Sun City on Oct. 27. Marcella Baietto/The Republic
Dozens of cars line up outside of All Greens in Sun City as they wait to be the first customers of the first medicinal marijuana drive-thru in the state. (Photo: Marcella Baietto, The Arizona Republic)
SUN CITY, Ariz. — A dispensary about 30 minutes outside of Phoenix has opened Arizona's first medical marijuana drive-thru.
All Greens in Sun City originally opened its doors on May 2, but introduced the drive-thru on Friday. By Friday evening, dozens of cars lined up outside of the dispensary.
Bret Idaspe, All Greens' sales manager, said the dispensary had been working with the state for nearly five months to allow the use of a drive-thru, becoming the first to open the service.
One of their biggest obstacles was making sure the person receiving the marijuana product from inside the vehicle was the medical marijuana cardholder.
"You have to be able and reach in there and grab it," said Idaspe. "That was the stipulation that the state had so we met it."
More: Pot use, abuse more likely in states with medical marijuana laws, study shows
More: Once a medical-marijuana refugee, girl returns to Ohio
The dispensary attracts an older crowd, and All Greens kept that in mind when thinking about introducing a drive-thru.
"Our average age is about 40 years old which doesn't sound that old, but to an average dispensary, that is old," said Idaspe. "That is one of the reasons that drove us to get the drive-thru because we have so many people on walkers and wheelchairs."
More: Calif. town may be going to pot: Cannabis firm trying to create marijuana mecca
More: Petition would let pot shops pop up near Detroit parks, child-care centers
First-time customers will not be able to use the drive through because All Greens wants to be able to create a relationship with them before they use the service, said Idaspe.
The very first person to try out the new drive-thru service was Christopher Blount, an army veteran who uses medicinal marijuana.
"For me, this is history in a way since this is the first in the entire state," said Blount.
Blount, 39, said the drive-thru service will assist with customer privacy.
"For me personally, it gives people the ability to be private and not let everyone know that they have a card because they don't want to be seen as someone who is a cardholder."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2hiUurE
Desperate flight to freedom: Pelican's miraculous escape from the gaping mouth of a blue whale
Unlucky pelican was diving for fish when it collided with the humpback whale
The bird could easily have been crushed or drowned by the huge mammal
Incredible escape captured by amateur photographer Rob Bishop at Port San Luis Harbor, Avila Beach, California
Mr Bishop said the whale, which only eats krill and fish, appeared to open its jaws up wider to let the pelican escape
There appeared to be little chance of escape for this pelican when the jaws of a huge humpback whale opened up beneath it.
But after disappearing into the huge mouth of the whale, these pictures show the incredible moment the bird re-emerged, then made its bid for freedom.
The pelican spent a few desperate moments flapping its wings before taking flight off into the air as the whale's jaws closed shut.
The game is up: A pelican found itself trapped in the jaws of a huge humpack whale after diving for fish in Port San Luis Harbour, in Avila Beach, California
Collision course: It appears the pelican and the whale had both aimed for the same pool of fish when they collided
It seems the bird had tried to dive for the same group of fish as the whale in Port San Luis Harbor, Avila Beach, California , and ended up stuck in the humpback's jaws.
But it appears the Humpback whale, which tends to feed on krill and fish, had no interest in eating a feathery alternative a nd, instead of descending to the watery depths which would have crushed the pelican to death, decided to open up its jaws to let it go.
This amazing sequence of pictures were taken by amateur photographer Rob Bishop who lives near the harbour .
He said: 'There have been an unusually large number of small fish in the harbour this year.
'Huge amount of brown pelicans have arrived and are diving for the fish. They have been followed by humpback whales coming into the harbour to feed on the fish.
Lethal: If the humpback whale went under the water with the pelican still trapped in its jaws, the bird would almost certainly have died
Miracle escape: The bird frantically flaps its wings to escape the jaws of the humpback
'Whales come up from below the surface with their mouths open and then close them before going back under the surface.
'In this case the pelican was diving down while the whale came up, causing the unlucky pelican to get caught in the whales mouth.
'It appeared the whale opened his mouth back up to safely let the pelican back out. '
Mr Bishop revealed he managed to secure this incredibly close-up images because the whale had ventured unusually close to the harbour walls.
He added: 'At the time I took the pictures I was standing on the Port San Luis pier along with around to 100 other people.
Freedom: The pelican finally frees itself from the whale's mouth in Port San Luis Harbor
Big friendly whale: Photographer Rob Bishop said the whale appeared to open its mouth wider to let the bird out before going back under the water
'The whales had been coming up farther out in the harbour, but suddenly this one came up fairly close to where we were standing. Maybe 75 to 100 feet away.
'It is very rare for them to come in this close to where people and boats are. It was amazing because there were so many pelicans flying overhead and diving into the water, a lot of seals also swimming around, and then the whales suddenly coming up so close to us.
'The sounds of all this along with the ooohs and aaahs of the crowd was very surreal.'
The humpback whale - also known as a Megaptera novaeangliae - is a species of baleen whale and adults range in length from 12 to 16 metres and weigh approximately 36,000 kilograms.
After months of rumors, Microsoft has announced a new health-focused wearable device called the ‘Band.'
The new device contains 10 sensors for tracking steps, heart rate, sleep, and other biometrics.
A UV sensor measures sun exposure, and a galvanic skin response sensor can tell you if you're stressed out. Other sensors include an optical heart rate sensor, a 3-axis accelerometer/gyro, a gyrometer, an ambient light sensor, and a skin temperature sensor. There's also a GPS radio for tracking routes, and a microphone for dictating notes on the run.
The biometrics data collected by the Band is sent to the cloud, and also displayed in the Microsoft Health app, which runs on Windows Phone, Android, and iOS devices.
The Health app also provides guided workouts provided by Gold's Gym, and Shape and Men's Fitness magazines. And, like most fitness apps, it maps runs and bike rides, and creates a graphic display of sleep patterns.
There's something new here, too. The app can pull data from other Microsoft services like Outlook, so that it can show how the activities during your day affect your stress levels and sleep.
The cloud-based “Microsoft Health Service” allows the Health app to combine Band data with data from other apps and devices. This means that in the Health app users can see analytics and insights from combining data from various third party health apps like RunKeeper and MyFitnessPal, for example. The app and the wearable integrate with HealthVault — Microsoft's answer to Apple's HealthKit integration platform.
If any of this sounds familiar it's because Microsoft's health ecosystem is set up a lot like Apple's. There's a cloud integration platform (Microsoft Health Service or HealthVault), an app that can integrate third party health data from the cloud (Health), and now there's a sensor-laden wearable device to generate data for the platform and the app (Apple's device, of course, is the Watch).
The Band, which will go on sale Thursday for $199 at Microsoft's physical and online stores, doesn't look much like a full-blown smartwatch. Rather, it uses a bracelet design with a large display for reading fitness metrics or reading notifications.
Here's Microsoft's demo video for the Band and the app:
Like some other recently-announced fitness trackers, the Band offers some features that were previously reserved for smartwatches. Your Android, iOS, or Windows phone can send notifications to the Band, including email messages, calendar reminders, phone calls received, text messages, social updates from Facebook and Twitter, weather, and finance.
You can also dictate notes to the device and set reminders with your voice if you have the Cortana personal assistant running on a Windows phone.
With the market for health and fitness trackers growing quickly, it's no surprise to see Microsoft jump into the game. There were signs, and a lot of rumors, signaling the release months before the actual announcement came. A Microsoft smartwatch design patent was published in June. And a Microsoft wearable — the Band, no doubt — was approved by the FCC last week.
Kia Kokalitcheva contributed to this report.
Sprint Goal – Focus for the Scrum team Posted on Jan 16, 2015 by Corinna in Agile & Lean, Product Management |
When the Scrum teams at Corinna‘s company first started sprinting they neglected to set Sprint Goals. This often led to problems when push came to shove. Nowadays they always set a goal after Planning, the whole team together. A Sprint Goal allows the dev team to make good tradeoffs even if they can't check back with the PO.
Get PDF
Update Jan 20th, 2015: If you'd like a bit more structure, check out Roman Pichler's Sprint Goal Template
Update Jan 7th, 2016: According to a pingback by introv3rtedagilist the Scrum Guide states that “the Scrum Team crafts a Sprint Goal”, never the PO alone. I don't know if that phrase is a recent change or if it slipped past unnoticed during my research. I'll probably change the 1-pager to reflect the correction. I'd like to keep the idea that you can use an envisioned Sprint Goal to help with ordering the backlog.
Content of the 1-pager:
Sprint Goal – Why are you doing this iteration?
What is a sprint goal?
Each sprint should have an explicit sprint goal, e.g. written out across the Scrum board. Think of the goal as the elevator pitch of a sprint. During planning a Scrum team commits to the sprint goal, not a bunch of stories.
Why set one?
The goal helps the team focus and make good trade-offs, even when the product owner is not available to help. A team might reach the sprint goal even if they can't finish all stories.
Who sets the goal?
The product owner can envision a goal beforehand to help her order the backlog according to that goal. But the whole team gets to choose the real goal at the end of planning, when they know which stories will be part of the sprint.
Examples of good and bad goals
Bad: “Complete all 4 stories we pulled”
Doesn't add information to enable good team decisions
Doesn't add information to enable good team decisions Bad: “Improve the dubbledigook widget”
Completely fuzzy. How can you to tell when / if you're done?
Completely fuzzy. How can you to tell when / if you're done? Better (i.e. enabling and measurable):
“Customers can pay with bank transfer”
“Time to first byte on the landing page is less than 0.7s”
“Increase conversion rate by 10%”.
Sources:
An elementary school in Amherst will be the location of a Conservative rally this Sunday afternoon where party leader Stephen Harper is expected to attend, CBC News has learned.
Cumberland North Academy will be Harper's first stop in Nova Scotia for the 2015 election campaign.
Conservative Party organizers have so far refused to say where the meeting will take place. Residents and the media have to register online to attend. If you register, you get an email saying the location of the event will be revealed 24 to 72 hours before the meeting.
Scott Armstrong is the Conservative incumbent for the Cumberland-Colchester riding. Former Conservative MP Bill Casey is representing the Liberals during this election.
Casey made headlines in 2007 when he was kicked out of Harper's Conservative caucus for voting against his government's budget.
He says he tried to register to attend Sunday's meeting.
"I've never seen anything like it. We've had prime ministers here and they just walk through the crowds and everybody's allowed to wander in and meet the people," said Casey.
"Why these restrictions? I don't know, but it's not the democracy I'm used to."
Armstrong says calling the event secret is opposition spin.
"Obviously they don't like the prime minister coming to the riding because they know that the prime minister will talk about the economy, he will talk about the success we've had as a government on guiding Canada through the largest recession since the great depression of the 30s," he said.
Wendy Robinson is running for the New Democratic Party while Jason Blanch is the Green Party candidate for Cumberland-Colchester.
NBC ANNOUNCES FIVE DRAMA SERIES RENEWALS FOR NEXT SEASON Dramas "Revolution," "Chicago Fire," "Parenthood," "Grimm" and "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" All Returning for 2013-14 Slate UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif. - April 26, 2013 - NBC has announced the renewal of five key drama series for the 2013-14 season: "Revolution," "Chicago Fire," "Parenthood," "Grimm" and "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit." All have been given 22-episode orders. The announcement was made by Jennifer Salke, president of NBC Entertainment. "On the verge of our 2013 fall scheduling decisions, we're pleased to renew five drama series that will be important to our new season line-up," Salke said. "We're proud and very appreciative of all of the actors, producers, writers and directors who work so hard to deliver such high-quality work week in and week out. These complex shows represent a broad range of genres and tones, and all of them stand out for us in a television landscape now filled with one-hour series. We're especially pleased to be renewing "Revolution" and "Chicago Fire" - two first-season successes - and there will be more returning series announcements made in the next couple of weeks." "Revolution," the Monday night drama that centers on a family trying to reunite amidst a worldwide power failure, is executive produced by Eric Kripke, J.J. Abrams and Bryan Burk ("Lost," "Star Trek"). The series is produced by Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Bad Robot Productions, Kripke Enterprises and Warner Bros. Television. "Revolution" is the season's top-rated drama on ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox and top-rated new series among those networks in adults 18-49, scoring a 4.6 rating, 12 share and 11.8 million viewers overall in "most current" averages for the season to date. "Revolution" has teamed with "The Voice" to help improve NBC's Mondays this season versus last by 24 percent in 18-49 (with a 3.6 rating vs. a 2.9). "Chicago Fire," from Emmy Award-winning executive producer Dick Wolf and creators Derek Haas and Michael Brandt, goes inside a Windy City firehouse and the lives of those who engage in one of our nation's noblest professions. In addition to Wolf, Haas and Brandt, executive producers also include Matt Olmstead, Joe Chappelle, Danielle Gelber and Peter Jankowski. The series is produced by Universal Television and Wolf Films. "Chicago Fire" has topped its premiere audience of 6.6 million persons a total of eight times this season, and the only other new drama on the broadcast networks to have done it even once this season is NBC's "Hannibal." "Chicago Fire" originals have improved the time period versus year-ago results by 24 percent ("live plus same day"). "Parenthood," adapted from the 1989 feature film, examines the colorful Braverman family, and all its foibles and triumphs. The series is executive produced by Oscar winners Ron Howard and Brian Grazer ("A Beautiful Mind," "Frost/Nixon"), Emmy winner Jason Katims ("Friday Night Lights") and Lawrence Trilling ("Pushing Daisies"). The series is produced by Universal Television and Imagine Entertainment. "Parenthood" grew this season versus last by 8 percent in adults 18-49 (to a 2.8 rating from a 2.6) and also increased by 8 percent year-to-year in total viewers (7.1 million vs. 6.6 million). This season's last seven "Parenthood" telecasts beat both the ABC and CBS drama competition in the time period in 18-49. "Grimm," inspired by the classic Grimm Brothers' fairy tales, is a Universal Television and Hazy Mills production. The series was created by Stephen Carpenter, David Greenwalt, Jim Kouf. Sean Hayes, Todd Milliner and Norberto Barba also serve as executive producers along with Greenwalt and Kouf. "Grimm" is Friday's #1 series in adults 18-49 and is up versus one year ago by 14 percent in 18-49 rating (with a 2.4 vs. the year-ago 2.1, "most current") and is up 12 percent in total viewers (6.9 million vs. 5.2 million). "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" will enter its 15th season for NBC. The series chronicles the life and crimes of the Special Victims Unit of the New York City Police Department, an elite squad of detectives who investigate sexually based crimes. "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" is a Wolf Films production in association with Universal Television. Dick Wolf is creator and executive producer. Warren Leight, Julie Martin and Peter Jankowski are also executive producers. "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" originals this season have improved the time period versus year-ago results by 70 percent in adults 18-49 ("live plus same day") and are building on the time slot's lead-in by 31 percent in 18-49 and 70 percent in total viewers. For embeddable clips and full episodes from NBC shows, please visit NBC.com http://www.nbc.com/ Please like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/nbc and follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/nbc
Thousands of Wake County teenagers are in limbo, waiting to see when they'll be able to complete driver's education to get their learner's permits.
This week, the Wake County school system joined other North Carolina school districts in suspending driver's education until it sees whether state funding will be provided for the program. Wake school officials estimate that the more than 3,300 students who have completed the 30 hours of classroom instruction will be unable to begin the required six hours of behind-the-wheel training because of the suspension of driver's ed.
Parents and students have complained to school officials and state lawmakers about the funding impasse, which could delay when teens receive their driver's licenses. Amanda Mixon's 14-year-old daughter is among the teens who don't know yet when they'll get their behind-the-wheel instruction.
“We're in limbo, and other kids are like mine,” Mixon said Wednesday. “They're approaching 15 quickly, and they want to get their license when they turn 16. But it's getting dimmer and dimmer.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer
Wake school leaders have expressed sympathy for the plight of the families, but they say they can't afford to continue operating what has been a mostly state-funded program, with $250,000 a month in local dollars.
“It's the only choice we have as a district given that the state has dried up the money,” Wake school board member Bill Fletcher said at Tuesday's board meeting.
Under North Carolina's graduated licensing program for young drivers, driver's education is currently mandatory for anyone younger than 18 who applies to get a learner's permit.
The House and Senate have been wide apart on whether to continue funding driver's ed.
Under North Carolina's graduated licensing program, students are supposed to get 30 hours of classroom instruction and six hours behind the wheel.
The House budget provided $27 million for the driver's ed classes now taken by 120,000 high school students each year. The Senate budget eliminated all funding and moved driver's ed to the state's community colleges, where students might be charged as much as $400 for the program.
With no budget in place, temporary state spending plans through Aug. 31 have provided no funding for driver's education. House and Senate leaders announced Tuesday that they had agreed to a $21.74 billion budget spending level, but it's uncertain what would be provided for driver's education because the amount is about $415 million less than the House budget.
At least one-third of North Carolina's school systems suspended their driver's education programs this summer because they didn't know whether they would receive state money to help pay for the classes. Wake had held out though, offering more than 80 classes during the summer.
“We've been monitoring the situation closely, and we wanted to provide the opportunity for as long as we could,” said Lisa Luten, a Wake schools spokeswoman.
But after Friday, no new classroom training is scheduled. Wake is allowing students who've already begun the behind-the-wheel portion to complete their instruction, but no driving sessions for new students are scheduled after this week.
School leaders say they'll notify families about the future of the program once the state budget is adopted.
On Wednesday, 35 Wake teens continued the classroom instruction at Enloe High School in Raleigh, uncertain about when they'll be able to take the driving portion.
“I'm just bummed,” said Koy Holt, 14, a home-schooler from Wendell attending the class at Enloe. “I wanted to get my permit as quickly as I could.”
State law requires school districts to offer driver's education to every student in public, private and home schools in their districts who want the program. In Wake, 12,000 teens annually go through the district's program, which is contracted to Jordan Driving School.
Koy's mom, Ashley, is glad that her son was able to at least get the classroom training in before the program was suspended. But the reaction on social media to Wake's suspension of driver's ed has been more critical.
@WCPSS this is unacceptable. Are you planning to refund all parents who have already paid for course and registered students started? — Ryan Boyles (@theRab) August 18, 2015
“@WCPSS this is unacceptable,” tweeted parent Ryan Boyles, who asked whether Wake planned to refund registration fees for students who already started driver's ed but now don't have a completion date.
School board members and some online posters pointed the blame at lawmakers.
Terry Stoops, director of education studies for the John Locke Foundation, a conservative think tank that's been generally supportive of the Republican-led General Assembly, said he suspects driver's ed will continue with less state funding. In that scenario, parents would be asked to pay more than the $65 fee that school districts are now allowed to charge to supplement the state dollars.
“Now that there's a spending cap and an end in sight, I think the criticism of how long they took to present a budget is really off base,” Stoops said. “We know the final budget is in sight. Ideally it would have been done earlier, but it hasn't.”
Credit: CFC Unofficialhttps://www.flickr.com/photos/cfcunofficial/16507860919/
After the disappointment of the last few weeks with the officiating issues, unjust player bans, poor performances and dropped points, Roman Abramovich, Jose Mourinho and everyone associated with Chelsea Football Club finally have cause to smile with Sunday's victory against Tottenham Hotspurs in the Capital One Cup final.
This was a case of Chelsea FC being third time lucky (although luck had nothing to do with Chelsea's performance) as the win finally brought an end to the club's dismal record against Tottenham in League Cup finals after losing to them in 1967 and 2008.
This was a typical Mourinho cup final performance… attacking efficiency coupled with defensive grit and spiced up with his typical tactical master-class. I for one have criticized Mourinho's game plan of defending against big sides. And in this game he adopted the same tactics, only that this time, Chelsea were a bit more dangerous going forward and created more chances than they had over the last few weeks, which was fine with me.
Updated
His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama joins us in Sydney to share his thoughts on Tibetan autonomy, the lack of a meeting with the Australian Prime Minister, and the ever-invasive presence of technology in our lives.
Source: 7.30 | Duration: 7min 54sec
Topics: buddhism, world-politics, computers-and-technology, australia
Transcript
LEIGH SALES, PRESENTER: In the past three years, more than a hundred Tibetans are reported to have set themselves on fire - so-called self-immolation - to protest continuing Chinese rule and brutality. It's a disturbing trend in a country that's long embraced non-violent protest against China.
The country's spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, has always advocated a peaceful approach to resisting oppression. But, as China's power grows and the Dalai Lama ages - he's now 78 - there are questions about whether his influence is waning.
Even though the Dalai Lama is regularly in Australia, including this week, the Prime Minister Julia Gillard has never agreed to meet him and earlier this year 7.30 reported that Sydney University had cancelled plans to host an event with the religious leader on campus for fear of upsetting China.
The Dalai Lama joined the program in Sydney today.
Your Holiness, thank you for your time.
DALAI LAMA: (Places hands together in prayer gesture)
LEIGH SALES: Do you see any possibility of reconciliation between Tibet and China in your lifetime?
DALAI LAMA: Oh, yes, certainly. They have to sort of accept the reality. You see, we have our own different culture, different language - these things, so, meaningful autonomy, have every right to keep this unique thing, and meantime remain with the people from China, is our own interest; Tibet materially backward. So, China now has really become the economic power of the world, so, it is our own interest. And after all, you see, thinking of one's own sort of sovereignty, these things are not as relevant. Look, European Union.
LEIGH SALES: Since February, 2009 there've been more than 100 Tibetan self-immolations to oppose Chinese rule and policies. Does that mean that Tibetans are losing patience with non-violence?
DALAI LAMA: No. I think the self-burning itself on practice of non-violence. These people, you see, they easily use bomb explosive, more casualty people. But they didn't do that. Only sacrifice their own life. So this also is part of practice of non-violence.
LEIGH SALES: Given how important you have been in keeping attention on this issue, do you fear that the Chinese Government is waiting for you to die so it can launch a hard crackdown on Tibet to try to put this issue to bed?
DALAI LAMA: Some hardliners is thinking that way. But some even hardliner feel that while Dalai Lama, little bit easier. If Dalai Lama no longer, then no-one, no Tibetan, you see, can represent six million Tibetan.
LEIGH SALES: So, do you think that the Tibetan people need to fear what will happen after your death in that case?
DALAI LAMA: Of course Tibetan spirit will remain. Dalai Lama institution last about 400 years or 600 years like that, and Buddhism, Tibetan nation over 2,000 years. So, in the future, also you see, without Dalai Lama, the Tibetans nation remain, Tibetan spirit remain.
LEIGH SALES: How do you interpret the Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard declining to ever meet with you?
DALAI LAMA: OK. No problem. My main concern is meeting with public because my main commitment, main interest is promotion of human value, human affection, compassion and religious harmony. The Prime Minister I think not much (inaudible) in these things. (Laugh) If I have some sort of political agenda and ask Prime Minister, then Prime Minister sort of decline seeing me, then I feel disappointment, but I have nothing to ask her.
LEIGH SALES: You mentioned earlier China's economic influence is growing. Is it a risk for you that as China becomes more influential, politicians around the world are scared to meet with you because they don't want to offend China?
DALAI LAMA: No. No problem. No problem. I think real change come from within Tibet, not from outside.
LEIGH SALES: Do you fear death?
DALAI LAMA: Unnecessary, fear death. Death is part of our life. (Laughs) And then also, Buddhism is one of the sort of spiritual tradition - yes, tradition, we accept life after life. So death means change our clothes. Clothes become old then time to come change. So this body become old and then time come, take young body.
LEIGH SALES: When you look back over your life, you became the Dalai Lama not of your own will, it was involuntary. Do you ever wish that things had been different and that you weren't the Dalai Lama?
DALAI LAMA: That was unrealistic. Whether I like it or not, I already become Dalai Lama, so better to carry the certain responsibility, certain way of life according that. It's much better.
LEIGH SALES: You always seem so happy and calm. Do you have to sometimes fake it?
DALAI LAMA: No. As a Buddhist practitioner and also I'm always telling people you should be honest, truthful. Then, automatically, you're acted can carry transparently. If you hear self-centred attitude, then saying compassion, then there is contradiction. You cannot carry transparently so you have to pretend something.
LEIGH SALES: Do you sometimes have to restrain emotions like anger, sadness, irritation?
DALAI LAMA: Mmm. Some (inaudible) - immediately express the other day (inaudible) - the official, you see, he come a little bit late, so then I immediately express, (Laughs) like that (pointing as though castigating official). As a human being, anger is a part of our mind. Irritation also part of our mind. But you can do - anger come, go. Never keep in your sort of - your inner world, then create a lot of suspicion, a lot of distrusts, a lot of negative things, more worry.
LEIGH SALES: Well, Your Holiness, I don't want to irritate you by taking up too much of your time, so thank you very much.
DALAI LAMA: Thank you. (Places hands together in prayer gesture)
This story was originally published by HuffPost and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
When Amazon kicked off a bidding war for its second North American headquarters in September, the company laid out a vision of its perfect suitor. The ideal city would have more than a million people, mass transit, an international airport, attractive housing and “stable and business-friendly” regulations.
But the retail goliath apparently isn't worried about how surging seas, extreme weather and deadly heat waves might affect its operations or the 50,000 employees it promises to hire in its new $5 billion “second home.” The company also doesn't seem overly concerned with how much its ravenous appetite for energy and reliance on fleets of fossil-fueled delivery trucks are making those things worse.
Amazon made no mention of climate change in its “HQ2” requests for proposals. Few, if any, of the public bids from 238 cities in 54 states, provinces and territories throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico included risks from warming temperatures. Likewise, Amazon refuses to release data on its greenhouse gas emissions, making the Seattle-based giant a pariah among environmentalists who rank it as one of the least transparent corporations of its size.
This year, unseasonable wildfires, 1,000-year floods and back-to-back scale-topping hurricanes made climate change more tangible for many Americans. Yet the nearly $566 billion corporate titan has managed to erect a tent around its circus over a second headquarters to try to keep out the frightening weather. And all the players seem willing to ignore the forecast.
The company plans to announce its decision next year. In the meantime, analysts made their own rankings. Moody's Analytics considered 34 variables, including costs, quality of life and transportation. The analysis, published in October, ranked Austin, Texas, a city racked in recent years by drought and flooding, first. Atlanta, prone to heat waves, was second. Philadelphia, a coastal city at risk of sea level rise, came in third.
“We didn't take into consideration climate change risk or rising sea waters or anything like that,” Adam Ozimek, co-author of the analysis and a senior economist at Moody's, told HuffPost. “Within the United States, within the 50 states, it's hard to look and find places where you're seeing major divestment or declines in investment due to reasons of climate change.”
Another analysis by Anderson Economic Group yielded different results but still ignored climate change. CNN and The New York Times made their own lists but mentioned “climate” only in reference to business regulations.
Noticing the research void, Aseem Prakash, director of the University of Washington's Center for Environmental Politics, formulated his own ranking based on climate vulnerability. He and his fellow researcher, Nives Dolšak, calculated the total number of days each county spent under a federally declared emergency or disaster. They based the assessment on 25 years of Federal Emergency Management Agency data on severe storms, flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes, snow, coastal floods and weather-related fires. They used 1992 as the start date to include Hurricane Andrew, the second-most damaging storm in the U.S. after the 1926 Great Miami storm.
Only two cities—Portland, Oregon, and Pittsburgh—ranked in the top 10 for both the Moody's study and theirs.
“This suggests that economic and business criteria probably do not help us to understand a city's vulnerability to climate change,” Prakash wrote in a blog post for HuffPost.
Amazon declined to comment for this story.
Including climate data in economic and market forecasts remains a surprisingly novel concept. It's only been in the past two to three years that insurance companies—whose business is based on predicting and planning for potential risks—began seriously reconsidering how it plans for a warmer future. The British Labour Party announced plans to include climate change in its economic predictions just last month.
And most big tech companies, such as Facebook, Apple and Alphabet's Google, release detailed reports on their energy use and overall output of carbon pollution. But not Amazon. The company touts its efforts to reduce its emissions of planet-warming gases, trumpeting the solar panels on its warehouse roofs and encouraging customers to recycle its packaging. In October, CEO Jeff Bezos tweeted a video of himself christening the company's 18th renewable-energy project and largest wind farm yet—a roughly 100-turbine operation in Snyder, Texas—with a bottle of Champagne. Fun day christening Amazon's latest wind farm. #RenewableEnergy pic.twitter.com/cTxeXdsFop — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) October 19, 2017
But Amazon scored an F for energy transparency, a D for renewable commitment policies and a C for energy efficiency on Greenpeace's 2017 Clicking Green report . The annual report uses submissions by the company to Greenpeace, investor reports, investment announcements and media stories.
WE LOVE TO LAUGH.
And we love comedy. We love performing it. We love watching it. And more than anything we love the community that revolves around it.
RIOT will be a weekend long comedy festival to take place along an entire city block of downtown LA in an eclectic set of venues. This festival is an opportunity to showcase some of today's best comedic talent in the country to a wider audience—providing mass exposure to a thriving alternative comedy scene.
With your help, we can put on the best comedy festival Los Angeles has ever had. The funds we're asking for will be used to provide YOU, fellow comedy nerd, with the best experience possible. We'll use initial funds for the venue deposits. Next, we'll pay for vendors, rentals, equipment, staff, food and drink concessions, and security—every dollar you give to RIOT will go toward making this festival amazing.
RIOT LA debuts in the fall of 2012. Why are we starting so early, you ask? We're very serious about making this dream a reality, and the one thing we refuse to have is a lack of organization. Organization takes time, which we've appropriately given ourselves, and money, which we're hoping you give to us.
We're still in the very early planning stages, but these are a grassroot, brick-by-brick community project. That's why we're coming to you. We're asking you to bring a brick. Help us build the festival from the ground up donating, backing and supporting RIOT. Thank you!
So how did this happen?
Over the past three years, our executive producer Abbey Londerhas immersed herself in this vibrant, underground comedy scene. She's had the good fortune to meet and work with some of the most talented comedians around, and has given her uncompromising energy and talent to this thriving community. Abbey gives creativity to the comedy scene by producing in unlikely venues, bringing a Do-It-Yourself approach to a very team spirited group of people. She started at a tiny Chinese restaurant—a little room with a lot of heart—bringing in over 200 of the best comedians from Late Night, HBO, Comedy Central and more in just one year. Recently she produced a show that took place in the warehouse district of downtown LA. The production wasn't only about showcasing amazing comedians. It was about bringing together local artists and creating something that everyone could participate in. There was a ping-pong table, a live DJ, a homemade photo booth, an art exhibition featuring local LA artists, drink and food trucks—it was a celebration.
Our commitment to celebration and community is why we've created RIOT. Los Angeles is home to some of the best comedy in the country, and we want to share that with as many people as we can.
The inspiration for this festival came from a casual conversation between Abbey and a few like-minded friends, Jeff Wattenhofer and Chris Register. about recreating on a large scale all of that mirth and madness that was captured that night in downtown LA—which continues to bubble over in so many unlikely venues all over the city. Comedians, this community and Los Angeles not only needs this festival, it deserves this festival.
We don't see RIOT as just another comedy festival. It's a celebration of underground comedy and everything that makes the community surrounding it so unique.
GIMME THE GOODS!
RIOT has some pretty awesome stuff to give you! As you know, we're all about community here, so we've asked local artists and friends of RIOT LA to create the designs for all our rad rewards!
Every backer who donates, no matter what the dollar amount, gets his or her name on our OFFICIAL BACKERS POSTER, designed by Landen Celano. It's your way of stamping your name on this festival and our way of showing appreciation for your generous support. Brick by brick! *This poster is available on Kickstarter ONLY and will NOT be available for purchase at the festival!*
We've put together an array of thank-you gifts for our backers (see the list at the right for the gift packages associated with each dollar amount):
A HANDWRITTEN POSTCARD from RIOT's creator, Abbey! Custom Designs by our friends Rusty Kugler & Jenifer Reeser.
For a decade, every major operating system has relied on a technique known as address space layout randomization to provide a first line of defense against malware attacks. By randomizing the computer memory locations where application code and data are loaded, ASLR makes it hard for attackers to execute malicious payloads when exploiting buffer overflows and similar vulnerabilities. As a result, exploits cause a simple crash rather than a potentially catastrophic system compromise.
"Fundamentally insecure"
Now, researchers have devised an attack that could spell the end of ASLR as the world knows it now. The attack uses simple JavaScript code to identify the memory addresses where system and application components are loaded. When combined with attack code that exploits vulnerabilities in browsers or operating systems, the JavaScript can reliably eliminate virtually all of the protection ASLR provides. The technique, which exploits what's known as a side channel in the memory cache of all widely used modern CPUs, is described in a research paper published on Wednesday . The researchers have dubbed the technique ASLR Cache or AnC for short.
The researchers said the side channel attack is much more damaging than previous ASLR bypasses, because it exploits a micro-architectural property of the CPU's that's independent of any operating system or application running on it. Whereas heap spraying and other forms of ASLR bypass can often be mitigated by software tweaks, there isn't much that can stop or lessen the effects of the JavaScript, which targets a CPU's MMU, or memory management unit. That's because CPU caching behavior and strong address space randomization are mutually exclusive. (Apple, however, recently hardened its Safari browser to partially mitigate such attacks. It's also possible to prevent JavaScript from running in a browser, but such blocking often severely degrades a site's usability.)
The researchers wrote:
In this paper, we show that the problem is much more serious and that ASLR is fundamentally insecure on modern cache-based architectures. Specifically, we show that it is possible to derandomize ASLR completely from JavaScript, without resorting to esoteric operating system or application features. Unlike all previous approaches, we do not abuse weaknesses in the software (that are relatively easy to fix). Instead, our attack builds on hardware behavior that is central to efficient code execution: the fast translation of virtual to physical addresses in the MMU by means of page tables. As a result, all fixes to our attacks (e.g., naively disabling caching) are likely too costly in performance to be practical. To our knowledge, this is the first attack that side-channels the MMU and also the very first cache attack that targets a victim hardware rather than software component.
The researchers went on to combine their AnC JavaScript with attack code that exploits CVE-2013-0753, a now-patched use-after-free vulnerability in Firefox. Normally, ASLR protections in the 64-bit version of the browser require a separate information-disclosure exploit to achieve code execution. Using AnC, however, the researchers were able to mount an end-to-end attack that completely hijacked the control flow without any such information-disclosure exploit. Below is a video of the technique:
AnC works by using what's known as an EVICT+TIME cache attack that detects which memory locations are accessed by a CPU's MMU. The researchers identified 22 microarchitectures from Intel, Advanced Micro Devices, and ARM that were vulnerable. They went on to say they have yet to test an architecture that didn't provide the MMU signal necessary to exploit the side channel. The vulnerabilities are indexed as CVE-2017-5925 as they apply to Intel processors, CVE-2017-5926 for AMD processors, CVE-2017-5927 for ARM processors, and CVE-2017-5928 for a timing issue affecting multiple browsers. The paper was written by Ben Gras, Keveh Razavi, Erik Bosman, Herbert Bos, and Cristiano Giuffrida of the VUsec systems security group at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. They have published this resource page with additional information about the technique.
Given how crucial caching is to the performance of modern CPUs, the researchers say architectural fixes are likely to be too costly to be feasible. And even if hardware mitigations are possible—say, by creating a separate cache for page tables—the researchers warn that the vulnerability may resurface in software. They conclude their findings with a recommendation that's sure to get the attention of software developers everywhere:
"We hence recommend ASLR to no longer be trusted as a first line of defense against memory error attacks and for future defenses not to rely on it as a pivotal building block."
