In an amazing display of pandering, Hillary Clinton lectured white Americans in the wake of the ambush killing of police officers in Dallas.
Less than 24 hours after a gunman opened fire, telling police he wanted to kill white people, Clinton was pointing a finger at others.
“White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers” they face, she said at the African Methodist Episcopal General Conference in Philadelphia on Friday.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.https://t.co/rmzeEG5HoC — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 9, 2016
“We need to try, as best we can, to walk in one another's shoes,” the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee said.
“Let's ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?” —Hillary — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 8, 2016
Many on social media were offended by the Clinton's words.
Sign up for our morning blast HERE
I wish you knew how to be a real leader. https://t.co/kkglGKXxYm — Sister Toldjah ツ (@sistertoldjah) July 9, 2016
There is NOTHING that this woman won't say or do to get elected…..nothing. https://t.co/8xJ3veBHch — Christie (@Alexa_Belle_) July 9, 2016
@asamjulian @HillaryClinton With her hot sauce in her purse. — kat spencer (@kackakaat) July 9, 2016
@HillaryClinton Stop your race-baiting God damn, people are dying. — Jason (@EnemyWithinn) July 9, 2016
@HillaryClinton as usual, democrats treating minorities as if they are little children instead of equally responsible partners. — ctmommy (@ctmommy) July 9, 2016
OMG, if I have to listen to this pandering, phony-ass monster for the next 4 yrs…. https://t.co/nWA5VkMp21 — Carl Gustav (@CaptYonah) July 9, 2016
@Alexa_Belle_ Ms White Privilege herself telling us to check ours. Amazing arrogance. — Wendy Peffercorn (@goingdeeep) July 9, 2016
When you say barriers do you mean like a firewall that would be used to protect an email server? https://t.co/I3uFlezY0E — Tim (@Breaux_Man) July 9, 2016
Promote justice?
I'd say booking you in the Grey Bar Inn for an extended stay would be one method.@HillaryClinton — Brad Slager (@MartiniShark) July 9, 2016
The Sylvan Grove Theater, with the columns in the background.
The Sylvan Grove Theater and Columns,[1] also known as the Sylvan Grove Theater or simply the Sylvan Theater, is a sylvan theater located on the University of Washington campus in Seattle, Washington. Within the theater are four 24 foot (7.3 m) tall Ionic columns from the original University building downtown, constructed in 1861.[2] They are some of the oldest-standing architectural pieces in Seattle.[3] It has been called "one of the most beautiful places on campus."[4]
The columns were named "Loyalty", "Industry", "Faith", and "Efficiency" (LIFE) by University Comptroller Herbert T. Condon and Edmond S. Meany, head of the History Department.[2]
History [ edit ]
The original University of Washington building in downtown Seattle officially opened on September 16, 1861. It had a portico with four Ionic columns made of hand-fluted cedar. In 1908, as the building was about to be demolished, Edmond S. Meany saved the columns, intending that they should be used in the construction of the new campus.[2]
From 1911 through 1920, the columns stood in the Quad, near Savery, Denny, and Raitt Halls.[5] Eventually it became clear that the Greek columns could not be integrated into the University design plan, which specified Gothic architecture for the buildings on upper campus. A student design competition was organized and was won by a sophomore, Marshall W. Gill, the son of Seattle Mayor Hiram Gill.[2]
In 1921, the columns were moved to their current location in Sylvan Grove. They are maintained by the university's Facility Services, which last repaired them in 2008.[2]
A roughly 175° panoramic view of the Sylvan Grove Theater from the stage. Columns can be seen at either side.
Paranormal interest [ edit ]
The site has received attention from paranormal investigators.[6][7]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Johnston, Norman J. (2004). The Fountain & the Mountain: The University of Washington Campus in Seattle (2nd ed.). Documentary Media LLC. ISBN 978-0971908413.
Menges, Gary L. (curator). "The University of Washington's Early Years". No Finer Site: The University of Washington's Early Years On Union Bay. University Libraries. University of Washington .
Coordinates:
Since the Rohingya riot last year in June, the nation's tragedy has drawn the world's attention. The repeated riots leave the world with doubt on the effectiveness emerging reforms. But recently, more violence - this time in Meikhtila, in the middle of Myanmar's Mandalay Division - has captured headlines. Human rights watchdogs, Rohingya advocates and reporters have all rushed to condemn Buddhist extremists as the source of the tension.
The background of the latest clash between Muslims and Buddhists, however, is not as clear-cut as is reported. Although it is reported to be sectarian in nature, the characteristics of the latest flair of violence are utterly atypical, and at worst, planned. An insecure public, the nature of the extremists and the announcement of a state of emergency are indicative of a regression from the still-ongoing transition towards democracy.
The immediate root cause of the riot was an argument over a broken gold piece at a goldsmith's shop belonging to a Muslim man. After the owner had reportedly beaten up the Buddhist sellers, who were from a different town, the sellers cried for help. A crowd gathered, and the town erupted.
Propaganda spread both online and offline was swift and atrocious. Not only were false reports and fake images of dead bodies propagating, but also hateful anonymous comments towards Muslims poured in. Fake anti-Muslim (and some anti-Buddhist) accounts dedicated to spreading propaganda sprang up overnight. Several extremists inflamed the situation with racist content by linking the current flare-up back to last year's riot between the Rohingya and Rakhine. Pro-military accounts worsened the situation by calling Aung San Suu Kyi and the leaders of the 88 Generation Students Group irresponsible.
UN envoy visits riot-hit town in Myanmar
Curiously, riots coincidentally tend to occur in Myanmar during inbound and outbound trips of Myanmar leaders and important foreign guests. The infamous unrest in Rakhine State was sparked right before Aung San Suu Kyi's trip to Europe on June 13, 2012. The Latpadaung Copper Mine crackdown, on the other hand, took place ten days after Obama's historical visit to the country on November 19, 2012. The recent Meikhtila riot was triggered on March 20, 2013 - three days before Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt's visit to the country and a week after an investigation report on Copper Mine was released. This hinted conspiracy rather than ordinary coincidence.
Despite the claim towards extremism of Buddhists in Myanmar, the current violence is beginning to resemble the riots of 1988, and how they were being framed as anarchic. After the 1988 uprising, the military swooped in and took control of the country, readily stating that they had assumed power "in order to bring a timely halt to the deteriorating conditions on all sides all over the country". The seizing of power by the military showed that those struggling to survive under the hardship of life are easily influenced by the country's political elite. Although reforms are promising, the military still holds a fair share of political power, and the public is always wary of their potential return to power.
Buddhists and Muslims in Meikhtila have been coexisting peacefully for centuries. Some Meikhtila locals even claimed that the people most involved in the rioting weren't even from around their neighbourhood. Min Ko Naing, an 88 Generation Student Group leader who went to Meikhtila on the first day of violence, said that "there are outsiders inciting the situation".
Tension further escalated to a new level when rumours alleged that an old woman who had been portrayed as one of the gold sellers was beaten to death. In addition to questionable reports that another monk was burnt alive, the whole town became uncontrollable.
While noble monks and many netizens have urged people not to spread the hatred so as to reduce tension, the extremists are repeatedly promulgating falsified information and reporting fabricated news. Ten days before the violence broke out, a Facebook page that claimed themselves to be the "Myanmar National Movement Committee" made a post about Meikhtila calling on Buddhists to be careful because Muslims were distributing anti-Buddhist leaflets. According to Win Htein, an MP of Meikhtila from the National League for Democracy, the unknown groups from both sides had distributed the discriminative leaflets in the affected area.
Both during and after the riot, local Buddhists and Muslims worked together to restore stability. Muslim families under threat sought refuge in monasteries and Buddhist neighbours' houses. Police and members of the Young Buddhist Association escorted many of the Muslims to a makeshift camp at the local stadium. The Burma Federation of Student Unions (ABFSU) and 88 Generation Student Group leaders and monks helped Muslim families move to safer shelters.
When a state of emergency was announced on March 22 and the military joined police forces for relief and rehabilitation, they were accused of taking advantage of the situation in order to garner sympathetic feelings for the military. Furthermore, the military was denounced for attempting to gain power under the shield of violence.
The government has formed an investigative committee to create a report on the violence within a week. However, seeing as the report for the Rohingya riot was not publicised up until recently, it is questionable that this report will be released any time soon.
Myanmar has only recently taken its first few steps towards democracy. However, unless the government and civil society can hold accountable to whoever planned and incited the riot in Meikhtila, more deadly clashes are inevitable. If nothing is done and the situation spirals out of control, the resulting instability could see something few wants: The reinstatement of military control in Myanmar.
Chan Myae Khine regularly curates and reports about Myanmar on Global Voices and is studying a post graduate degree in Law.
Follow her on Twitter: @mydaydream89
New York State is the latest jurisdiction to be sued in federal court on Second Amendment grounds over its stun gun ban.
Attorneys for Middleburgh Mayor Matthew Avitabile, Firearms Policy Coalition, and Firearms Policy Foundation filed suit against Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, and New York State Police Superintendent Lt. Col George Beach December 6 in Albany.
According to a press release from Firearms Policy Coalition:
Individual plaintiff Matthew Avitabile is the mayor of Middleburgh, New York and would like to buy and keep a Taser for self-defense. But New York Penal Law § 265.01 states that “A person is guilty of criminal possession of a weapon” if “He or she possesses any….electronic dart gun” or “electronic stun gun,” making the crime punishable as a misdemeanor.
Since a unanimous Supreme Court ruling earlier this year in Caetano v. Massachusetts rejecting the reasoning of the Massachusetts Supreme Court's reasoning, which upheld that state's stun gun ban (citing DC vs. Heller), Washington DC has stopped enforcing its stun gun ban and New Jersey's attorney general announced that his state's ban is unconstitutional. And, a New Orleans resident is suing the city over their ban.
Brandon Combs, president of the Coalition and chairman of the Foundation, stated:
“The Second Amendment absolutely protects the right of law-abiding people to buy and possess all arms in common use for self-defense, like Tasers. We are more than happy to remind New York that the right to keep and bear arms prevails over paternalistic and unconstitutional statutes like theirs.”
Attorney Stephen Stamboulieh filed the case, and is joined by attorney Alan Beck of San Diego. Attorney Stephen Duvernay of Sacramento and Eugene Volokh, a UCLA law professor who has written and taught extensively about the First and Second Amendments, are consulting on the case.
ISRAELI GAZA BORDER, ISRAEL - JULY 22: Israeli soldiers are seen during a drill on July 22, 2014 by Israeli Gaza border, Israel. As operation 'Protective Edge' goes into it's a third week, the death toll continues to mount, including 27 Israeli soldiers and over 500 people in Gaza, the vast majority of whom are civilians. (Photo by Ilia Yefimovich/Getty Images)
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Unhealthy eating habits could become an issue of national security. The Department of Defense says that obesity is affecting the number of Americans eligible to serve in the military.
Jessica Kartalija reports now there's a push for kids to eat healthier.
Recruiting for our military is facing a growing challenge.
“I am very concerned about the reduced number of men and women who can meet all of the qualifications required to serve in our armed forces,” said retired U.S. Navy Rear Admiral Steven Tomaszeski.
Now, retired admirals from Maryland are releasing a report, citing obesity as the number one reason young adults can't serve in the military.
“Nearly one quarter, 25 percent of all Americans ages 17-24 are too overweight to serve. Obesity is not only affecting those who can qualify for military service, it is also creating challenges for our active duty military,” Tomaszeski said.
The Department of Defense says more than 70 percent of young people are unable to serve in the military.
“This report shows that obesity is the leading medical reason why 70 percent of young adults in Maryland are unable to serve in today's military. And that within the military itself, obesity rates have risen a staggering 61 percent since 2002,” said A.B. Cruz III, Rear Admiral USN (Ret).
Now they're pushing to update nutrition standards in Maryland schools and joining forces with kids as part of the Alliance For a Healthier Generation.
“It is important for youth to have a voice in the fight against childhood obesity,” said Jodi Evans, a youth advisory board member. “The healthy habits we develop today will become the healthy habits we maintain as adults.”
Also at issue: poor education, crime and drug use.
“Thirty percent of eligible Americans. That's all we have to draw from for our great armed forces. That's a great concern,” said Tomaszeski.
The retired admirals are members of Mission: Readiness, made up of more than 500 retired admirals and generals working to ensure our future natural security.
Other Local News:
While running the Miss Teen USA beauty pageant, Donald Trump reportedly walked in on contestants as they changed in their dressing room, multiple contestants told BuzzFeed on Wednesday.
The site quoted Mariah Billado, a 1997 contestant from Vermont, who recalled having to get dressed “really quickly” because Trump had entered the room. Girls were “just scrambling to grab stuff,” she added.
Billado paraphrased the GOP presidential nominee as saying: “Don't worry, ladies, I've seen it all before.” When she first learned that Trump was running for president she thought, “Oh, gross, this guy walked in on us in the pageant.”
BuzzFeed said three other women also remembered Trump entering the changing room while the contestants ― some as young as 15 ― were in and out of their clothes. However, 11 other participants said they could not recall such intrusions.
Trump is embroiled in controversy over his lewd remarks about women, both in multiple interviews on Howard Stern's radio show and as caught in a hot mic moment on the set of Access Hollywood. But being a peeping tom with respect to teenage girls would take that lascivious streak to a entirely new dimension.
In light of the BuzzFeed story, however, it's worth recalling what happened with the Miss Teen USA pageant once Trump sold it to the talent agency, WME-IMG. The controversial swimsuit portion was abruptly dropped, with organizers concluding that it was unseemly and exploitive to have teenage girls walking around in bikinis. They replaced it with an athletic wear competition.
Whether it was just coincidental that the swimsuit competition was dropped once the brash businessman left or related to his departure is not clear. But Trump certainly hasn't been shy about his belief that more flesh leads to better ratings ― at least when it comes to the Miss USA pageant.
Appearing on David Letterman's show in 2010, he boasted that when he took over that pageant, he made “the heels higher and the bathing suits smaller.”
Trump also has bragged before that, as owner of the beauty pageant, he is entitled to walk in on contestants; though his reference in this case was not to Miss Teen USA.
“I'll go backstage before a show, and everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else,” he told Stern. “And you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant. And therefore I'm inspecting it.”
Trump continued from there. “[Y]ou see these incredible looking women. And so I sort of get away with things like that.”
Amazon today is announcing a significant expansion to its mobile application marketplace, the Amazon Appstore, which will now be open to developers of HTML5 web applications and mobile websites. These web apps will be discoverable and sold alongside other native Android applications on any device where the Amazon Appstore is able to run, including, of course, the Kindle Fire.
At launch, a small handful of web applications have been added to the Amazon Appstore catalog, including “Happy Tree Friends: Run & Bun” from TreSensa, “Dream Pet Link” from Spil Games, and “Video Game Reviews, News & Previews” from IGN Entertainment. However, today's announcement is more about making it known to developers that the Amazon Mobile App Distribution Program is available, rather than touting a lineup of new additions.
To date, the major smartphone app stores, including Amazon's as well as Apple's iTunes App Store and the official Android app marketplace, Google Play, have only made native applications available for search, discovery and download. Though web app developers have certainly targeted these markets in the past, they would first have bundled their HTML5 code in a native wrapper of sorts, using something like PhoneGap, Titanium, or Corona, for example.
With Amazon Appstore's support for HTML5 web apps, however, the process for a web developer becomes even easier as it doesn't require developers to do any native app development at all, or use any third-party software. Instead, they submit their URLs and other metadata (e.g., images, product descriptions, etc.) to Amazon, who will then package it up in a format that makes it available to millions of Kindle Fire owners, as well as any other Android smartphone or tablet owners who have the Amazon Appstore running on their device.
Amazon is using its own in-house technology to make all this possible, explains Appstore Director, Aaron Rubenson. However, for Kindle Fire specifically, he says the company has built something more. “For Kindle Fire, we've built a new, faster web runtime environment based on the Chromium project. Other devices will use the web runtime environment that comes with whatever device the consumer happens to be using,” Rubenson says.
The web applications won't be categorized separately from other natively built applications in the store, making the distinction between native and web apps more of a blurry line for consumers.
One-Click For the Web Apps
In addition, web developers will be able to take advantage of a number of tools previously out of their reach, including Amazon's Appstore analytics and reporting, and more importantly its In-App Purchase API. The company built an extension of that API that will work for JavaScript, allowing developers to sell virtual goods, subscriptions, upgrades and more within their web applications, and have consumers pay for them using Amazon one-click, just like the Android native counterparts.
In time, Amazon may choose to bring more of its native offerings to these web apps, like its “login with Amazon” authentication technology, for example, but that's not a part of today's focus.
Rubenson says the company is excited about the addition of web apps to its store because it's another way for developers to monetize their efforts – meaning, of course, Amazon gets a cut via the standard 70/30 revenue share involved. Plus, it serves as a way for developers without the experience needed to build native Android applications can bring their apps and sites to Android users. This targets a large swath of iOS developers, naturally, who today are still bringing their applications to iPhone or iPad first with promises of Android applications yet to come.
This is true not only for smaller startups who don't have the resources or skill set in-house to build for Android, but also for larger tech companies who just don't see the benefits in developing for a consumer base that's still relatively difficult to extract revenue from.
Expansion Through Pre-Loads
Though the impact of such a change to Amazon's Appstore may not be immediately obvious upon today's launch, Amazon notoriously plays the long game. By opening up to web apps, Amazon has taken a step that hints at its longer-term plans on mobile – a comprehensive app store which grows its numbers by betting on the good-enough capabilities of the web, and R&D spent specifically on making “the web” work better and faster on Amazon hardware.
Meanwhile, though rumors of an Amazon smartphone swirl from time to time, what Rubenson would say today is that the company is currently focused on expanding the Appstore's footprint and distribution through pre-load deals. Three of last several Verizon handsets (Samsung Galaxy S4, LG Lucid 2, Motorola Razr Micro) have shipped with the Appstore pre-installed, he says, and there are around a half-dozen preload deals in total. These are all in the U.S. for now. But, says Rubenson, “we're viewing this as a global market segment for us.”
Support for web applications follows a series of moves in making the Appstore more robust an offering, including the launch of other developer tools like analytics and reporting, A/B testing, in-app purchases, GameCircle, and more. The Amazon Mobile App Distribution Program is available now at https://developer.amazon.com/appstore in the nearly 200 countries Amazon's Appstore serves.
To celebrate the appearance of one of the genre's greatest names on The Calling Hours Horror Podcast next week (2/3 at 8 PM EST), I am going to remind the old school fans and educate the newer generation to the films of “The Godfather of Gore” Herschell Gordon Lewis, the innovator of the Gore film…
“The Southern hamlet of Pleasant Valley was the scene of a massacre during the Civil War. Now, once every hundred years the ghosts of the dead return and wreak havoc. Three Yankee couples are lured into town and invited to the centennial of the tragedy, which turns into a murderous parody of rural celebration, as the guests are dismembered, barbecued, stoned and otherwise inventively dispatched. The last living pair, Tom (Thomas Wood) and Terry (Connie Mason), attempt to escape the bloodshed.”
The film Two Thousand Maniacs! is the second film that Lewis introduced to us in the splatter/gore genre he created. Looking back at the time it was made, it should be considered amazing that a film that traps Northerners in a haunted Southern town (chock full of stereotypes and underlying undertones of racial and regional prejudices) was received as well as it was! But while viewing, the stereotypes are placed on both the visitors and townspeople (predominately white), so much so that writer Anthony Szczesiul dissects it in his essay “Remapping Southern Hospitality”. This film continues the legacy of violence that Lewis started in Blood Feast, with outright brutal murders (axing, drawn and quartering, crushing by stone and more…) and a wicked sense of humor. A worthy second film in Gore's history…
Director: Herschell Gordon Lewis
Producer: David F. Friedman
Written: Herschell Gordon Lewis
Starring: William Kerwin, Connie Mason Jeffrey Allen
Music: Larry Wellington
Cinematography: Herschell Gordon Lewis
Edited: Robert Sinise
Production Company: Jacqueline Kay (as The Jacqueline Kay, Inc.) Friedman-Lewis Productions
Distributed By: Box Office Spectaculars
Blu-Ray and DVD Editions
The Blood Trilogy: Blood Feast / Two Thousand Maniacs / Color Me Blood Red (Blu-Ray) from Image Ent (2011)
The Blood Trilogy, The: Blood Feast / Two Thousand Maniacs / Color Me Blood Red (DVD) from Image Ent (2000)
The Blood Trilogy, The: Blood Feast / Two Thousand Maniacs / Color Me Blood Red (DVD) from Image Ent (2006)
Two Thousand Maniacs (DVD) from Image Ent (2000)
TOKYO -- Hoshino Resorts is betting a hotel is just the thing to spruce up a blighted section of Osaka that has confounded developers for years, putting its skills turning around rural properties to work in a new setting while expanding the company's urban footprint.
The lodging operator, known for running upscale Japanese-style resorts, will make its Osaka debut with a 608-room hotel in the heart of the city, conveniently located near popular landmarks -- such as the Tsutenkaku tower -- and shopping destinations, and just steps from Shin-Imamiya Station. The property is to open its doors in 2022 and will be Hoshino's second-largest location.
But this seemingly ideal site comes with a long and freighted history: The Airin district, Osaka's skid row, is right nearby. The Festival Gate development blending an amusement park with a shopping complex, cinemas and other entertainment opened on land bordering Hoshino's plot in 1997 as part of a redevelopment effort by the city, only to close less than a decade later. When the city moved to sell the adjoining land, Hoshino was the only interested buyer, and paid less than 1.8 billion yen ($16.3 million) for the plot.
Hoshino Resorts CEO Yoshiharu Hoshino at a news conference on April 4.
CEO Yoshiharu Hoshino took an optimistic tone at a news conference Monday, saying the development "is an excellent opportunity precisely because of the problems" the area has had. The location has a "deep" history of the sort "available only in Osaka," he said.
New direction
The company plans to "change the face of the area," according to Hoshino, turning the land between the hotel and the station into green space. Rooms will be a spacious 30 sq. meters or more, helping set Hoshino Resorts' property apart from chain hotels pulling in business travelers with low rates. The goal is to create an urban hotel catering to travelers with high-quality customer service, but at a more affordable price point than resorts under the company's flagship Hoshinoya brand.
Hoshino Resorts "still has a way to go in capturing tourists' demand," Hoshino said -- precisely why the company snapped up a location its rivals steered clear of. The operator's core business running high-end resorts in more rural environments is subject to the vagaries of the seasons and the economy, making stable earnings difficult to lock down. These factors aligned in Hoshino Resorts' favor in fiscal 2016, handing the company 1.9 billion yen more in billings than a year earlier. But expanding into urban hotels, where business is less variable, remains a must if the company is to build a stable, forward-looking earnings structure.
The number of foreign travelers visiting Osaka Prefecture rose from 2.03 million in 2012 to 9.41 million in 2016. Hotels and other lodgings there have logged the highest occupancy rates in Japan three years running. Many visitors to the city stay in rented private residences, or in budget facilities frequented by day laborers. This deep pool of demand, combined with quick access to Kansai Airport at Hoshino Resorts' site, means the location "has enormous potential," Hoshino said.
Hoshino Resorts has rescued a number of struggling rural resorts and Japanese-style inns over the past few decades. In recent years, the group has ventured into cities, acquiring four ANA Crowne Plaza hotels in 2015 and taking over management of the Asahikawa Grand Hotel in Hokkaido earlier this month. Turning an unwanted plot of land into a thriving destination hotel is only the latest challenge.
A little while ago, I came across the following picture on Reddit:
I saved the picture, and I look at it every day to remind myself that I am puny and weak. I'm not sure whether it's the upsettingly monstrous legs, inner tube slung casually round his upper chest, or the fact that he appears to be cycling through some sort of half-plowed field, but this picture exudes testosterone and masculinity. Actually, I know exactly what it is about this picture that makes me feel hopelessly inadequate, and it's a combination of all of those things. If you look up the definition of the term ‘Hard Man' in the dictionary, this would possibly be the picture given (next to a picture of Jens Voigt, anyway). And if you can tell me that you looked at that and felt anything other than amazement at the fact that that man can even sit astride his bike, (given the massive lead weights that he has in place of testicles) then you're a liar. A filthy, stinking liar. Sorry, but it's true.
When I first saw this picture, I had no idea who this was, so I did a little research, and found that it is professional road racer Gino Sciardis, and it was taken during the 1949 Tour de France. He was either Italian or French – I can't seem to find a definitive answer about this, but the official Tour de France website tells me that he was French, but rode for Team Italie, so we'll go with that, unless anyone would like to correct me.
This picture really sparked my interest in the early days of the tour, and it is fascinating. I can't take anything away from the modern peloton – of course I can't, the Tour is still the toughest race in the world – but pictures of the early years of the tour tell an incredible story. Men on single speed bikes, with flat caps and steampunk goggles, grinding themselves over some of the roughest roads and highest mountains in the world. No support cars with mechanics ready to swap out bikes at a moments notice, just tired, dusty men with inner tubes hung around their necks in case they get a flat. And more than that, especially in the years following both World Wars, riding those bikes through a country still bearing visible scars from two of the most violent conflicts in human history. Did you know that the 1914 tour started on the same day that Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated? Or that war was declared only two days after the race finish in Paris? Or even that the 1919 tour departed only 7 months after Armistice Day? The mind boggles.
The pictures themselves tell similar stories – lonely, exhausted figures dragging themselves along what frequently look like rutted cart tracks. Just check some of these out:
And it's not just the limitations of the equipment that increase my admiration for these men. The 1926 Tour, for instance, remains the longest ever edition of the race, clocking in at 5745km over 17 stages – compare that to the figures for the 2012 tour: 3497km over 20 stages. Again, not to diminish the achievements of the modern peleton in any way, but the early riders of the tour were something else. Hard men, all.
It's hard not to feel a little saddened by the movement of the sport – from the days when massive slabs of leg muscle and a stop off in the local blacksmiths to make repairs were what you needed to compete in one of the toughest races in the world.
Would I support a return to those days? Well, no. Today's Tour de France cyclists are sculpted into absolute peak physical form, and riding on bikes that are practically works of art (even if the team kits frequently aren't), capable of tearing along roads at speeds not dreamed of by the cyclists in the early days of the tour. The sport is more exciting to watch, and more accessible to anyone to get involved in, whilst still remaining impossibly tough at the top level. But I think it is important – not to mention interesting – to look back at where it all came from – not standing on the shoulders of giants, perhaps, but certainly balancing precariously off their absurdly muscled legs.
I snapped the above picture of Cav at last years final stage of the Tour of Britain – a stage that he won – and have added it to my photo album of ‘Legs to lust over', but ultimately, the picture I look at the most is Sciardis in 1949. I think it would be very difficult to find a photo of a contemporary cyclist that exudes such obscene amounts of leg-based testosterone….
Oh god. I stand corrected.
For further reading about the history of the Tour, I can highly recommend ‘Mapping Le Tour', full of amazing pictures and interesting stories and facts about the history of the Tour de France.
In August I am cycling the London Ride 100 on behalf of Farm Africa. Farm Africa's local staff provide the tools and expertise to enable smallholders in eastern Africa to increase their harvests, whether they farm crops, livestock, fish or the forest. They train them to be more commercial, adding value to surpluses by milling, drying, or turning their produce into products that fetch a higher price. With better food for their families and reliable incomes from their businesses, farmers can build for the future. Please support me by donating to this fantastic cause here.
Advertisements
A tent city in Hyderabad, India. Photo via Flickr user Dave Wilson
Ah, America. Land of opportunity. Take a deep breath and smell the possibilities. As Obama said in his State of the Union address on Tuesday, "a nation that gave someone like me a chance." A nation that allowed a wide-eyed kid from Hawaii and member of the Choom gang to become its president. But are the chances of upward mobility in America all that great? In a new report released on Tuesday, hours before Obama's remarks, the World Bank claimed that it is now about as easy to move out of poverty or from low-class to middle-class status in India as it is in America.
Entitled "Addressing Inequality in South Asia," the report notes that (based on Gini coefficient measures of income distribution and inequality) between 2004 and 2010, roughly 40 percent of India's poor (or 9 percent of the total population) moved above the poverty line, with 11 percent moving into the middle class. The authors revel in the fact that, especially for historically socially immobile minorities, the place of one's birth and occupation of one's parents matter far less now than in the history of modern India. It credits this change largely to the abundance of non-farm jobs available in the country's ever-expanding urban spheres.
"There is good news," the study co-author and World Bank Chief Economist for South Asia Martin Rama told The Hindu. "India is no longer the land of extremes and there are some bright spots."
The report plays into some cheery narratives of the nation's newfound and heartening social fluidity, like the story of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rise from low-class origins as a train station tea server. Yet America, where fears about waning social mobility and inequality dog most major public debates, might not be as phenomenal a marker of India's success as many would like to think.
According to a 2012 Economic Policy Institute study, "U.S. [social] mobility is amongst the lowest of major industrialized economies."
A 2013 Pew study showed that 70 percent of Americans born in the bottom fifth economic percentile never reach a middle percentile, while 17 percent achieve (roughly) middle class status, 9 percent upper-middle class, and 4 percent upper class. These findings were largely corroborated by a 2014 Harvard study, which further showed that movements from working class to wealth have actually fallen. Compared to a nation like Denmark, where up to 16 percent of the nation's poor will move to the top fifth economic percentile in their lives, the US seems like a pretty shitty standard by which to measure a nation's ascendant class mobility.
What's truly depressing from the American perspective is not just what a crap metric we are. It's that the World Bank study, if true, shows that India is kicking our ass by increasingly divorcing one's origins from one's future. Not only do most recent studies on the US suggest that the rate at which Americans escape poverty has been stagnant for decades, they also fairly explicitly show that one's race, parents' social status, or place of birth are still shockingly strong indicators of one's position later in life. And as inequality grows in America, this static class positioning and socio-economic pre-determination becomes all the more worrying.
But the study is not a universal coup for India, or a definitive blow to the American psyche. Many observers do not agree on what constitutes poverty in India, with the government claiming in 2012 that only 22 percent of its citizens fell below the poverty line, but outside auditors claiming a 30 percent poverty rate in 2014. The fact that the new World Bank study focuses on class attainment through income-based measures, but concedes a shocking lack of access throughout the nation to clean water, electricity, medical services, education, and welfare (despite billions of dollars spent yearly by New Delhi on subsidies and social services), especially for marginalized groups, suggests that this success in social mobility is mainly spreadsheet-deep. The McKinsey Global Institute in 2014 claims that, if one were to factor in access to amenities we traditionally associate with life above the poverty line, it would take a 50 percent larger income than the government's projects to escape destitution, leaving 56 percent of the population in privation.
The World Bank study also points out that in the same period as so many supposedly escaped on-paper destitution, 9 percent of Indians also slipped backwards over the poverty line.
While America is far from perfect in our provision of essential goods and social services, it is far more likely that US poverty escapees will have decent access to such vital resources. It's also far less likely to fall backward on the class ladder in America than it appears to be in India.
Congratulations are still certainly in order to India for becoming a regional leader in social mobility. Even if a class shift there might not look as significant as it could, the nation's upward trajectory, especially for marginalized groups, is promising—especially compared to America, where we're just happy not to reverse the stream of social fluidity. But for all its good news, the World Bank report is still a kick in the balls to India that should make it look at how to get its infrastructural and social services together to match its citizens' growing incomes, just as much as it's a sharp reminder to America to consider where we sit in terms of the global scale of class mobility.
Follow Mark Hay on Twitter.
A turtle was left in agony after it swallowed thousands of coins thrown into a pool for good luck.
The sea creature - nicknamed Bank - was found earlier this month with a broken shell and barely able to breathe as it floated around the filthy man-made pond at an abandoned park in Thailand.
Her shell was swollen, cracked and infected - causing vets to believe she had a tumour.
Scroll down for video
The turtle, named Bank, is inspected by a vet. The animal was left in agony after swallowing thousands of coins in a filthy pond in Thailand
CT scans this week found a huge lump of metal lodged inside the reptile's stomach
But medics were stunned when CT scans this week revealed an enormous lump of metal measuring 20 x 23 x 20cm lodged inside the turtle's stomach.
They say Bank had spent several years swallowing hundreds of pennies that tourists had thrown for good luck into the water in the country's Chonburi province.
The 25-year-old turtle had built up a nest egg in her belly of around 2,000 Thai baht in coins, equivalent to around £45.
Associate Professor Nantarika Chansue at Chulalongkorn University said: 'Unfortunately the turtle was raised in a public enclosure where people like to throw in coins.
'Her sickness was very severe and the size of the collected coins was 20x23x20 cm.
Vets found around 2,000 Thai baht in Bank's stomach, causing her to become severely sick
The filthy pond in an abandoned park in Thailand's Chonburi province where the turtle lived
'We hope to operate on her after the overall health condition improves in a few weeks. We named her Bank.
'Please do not throw coins into ponds with animals in. It is a serious sin and very dangerous for the marine life.'
Prof Nantarika, who also works at the Veterinary Medical Aquatic Animal Research Centre, said the coins had caused swelling inside Bank's stomach.
Vets hope to operate on Bank in a few weeks when her overall health condition improves
When the turtle was found, her shell was infected and swollen leading vets to originally believe the reptile had a tumour
Vets have now warned people not to throw coins into ponds with animals in them
This was pressing against her shell which had cracked from the pressure and became infected.
She was suffering from a severe lung inflammation that had been preventing her from diving and was struggling to breathe and eat.
Vets believe that Bank would have been doomed if rescuers had not been alerted to her in time.
She will now have an operation to remove the coins in around two weeks - with the cash being kept as a warning not to throw coins into pools used by animals.
Prof Nantarika added: 'The weight of the coins was making her move very slowly. The pain was slowly torturing the poor creature.
'Members of the public have now been very generous in donating money the right way to help to cover the medical expenses to make Bank healthy again.'
BOOK THREE: WHAT THE BUDDHA TAUGHT
Book Three, Part IHis Place in His Dhamma
1. *The Buddha claimed no place for Himself in His Own Dhamma* -- 2. *The Buddha did not promise to give salvation. He said He was Marga Data (Way Finder) and not Moksha Data (Giver of Salvation)* -- 3. *The Buddha did not claim any Divinity for Himself or for His Dhamma. It was discovered by man for man. It was not a Revelation*
§ 1. The Buddha claimed no place for Himself in His own Dhamma
1. Christ claimed to be the Prophet of Christianity.
2. He further claimed that he was the Son of God.
3. Christ also laid down the condition that there was no salvation for a person unless he accepted that Christ was the Son of God.
4. Thus Christ secured a place for Himself by making the salvation of the Christian depend upon his acceptance of Christ as the Prophet and Son of God.
5. Mohammad, the Prophet of Islam, claimed that he was a Prophet sent by God.
6. He further claimed that no one could get salvation unless he accepted two other conditions.
7. A seeker of salvation in Islam must accept that Mohammad is the Prophet of God.
8. A seeker after salvation in Islam must further accept that he is the last prophet.
9. Salvation in Islam is thus ensured only to those who accept these two conditions.
10. Mohammad thus secured a place for Himself by making the salvation of the Muslim depend upon his acknowledgement of Mohammed as the Prophet of God.
11. No such condition was ever made by the Buddha.
12. He claimed that he was no more than the natural son of Suddhodana and Mahamaya.
13. He carved for himself no place in his religion by laying down any such conditions regarding himself for salvation as Jesus and Mahommad did.
14. That is the reason why we are left to know so little about himself even though abundant material was available.
15. As is known, the first Buddhist congregation was held soon after the death of the Buddha at Rajagraha.
16. Kassyappa presided over the congregation. Anand, Upali and many others who belonged to Kapilavatsu and who wandered with him wherever he went, and were with him till his death, were present.
17. But what did Kassyappa the President do?
18. He asked Anand to repeat the Dhamma and put the question to the congregation, "Is this right?" They answered in the affirmative. And Kassyappa then closed the question.
19. Thereafter he asked Upali to repeat the Vinaya and put the question to the congregation, " Is this right ?" They answered in the affirmative. Kassyappa then closed the question.
20. Kassyappa then should have put the third question to someone present in the congregation to record some important incidents in the life of the Buddha.
21. But Kassyappa did not. These were the only two questions with which he thought the Sangh was concerned.
22. If Kassyappa had collected the record of the Buddha's life we would have had today a full-fledged biography of the Buddha.
23. Why did it not strike Kassyappa to collect the record about the Buddha's life?
24. It could not be indifference. The only answer one can give is that the Buddha had carved no niche for himself in his religion.
25. The Buddha and his religion were quite apart.
26. Another illustration of the Buddha keeping himself out of his religion is to be found in his refusal to appoint a successor.
27. Twice or thrice the Buddha was requested by his followers to appoint a successor.
28. Every time the Buddha refused.
29. His answer was, "The Dhamma must be its own successor.
30. "Principle must live by itself, and not by the authority of man.
31. "If principle needs the authority of man, it is no principle.
32. "If every time it becomes necessary to invoke the name of the founder to enforce the authority of Dhamma, then it is no Dhamma."
33. Such was the view he took of his own position regarding his Dhamma.
§ 2. The Buddha did not promise to give Salvation. He said He was Marga Data (Way Finder) and not Moksha Data (Giver of Salvation)
1. Most religions are described as revelations. But the Buddha's religion is not a revelation.
2. A revealed religion is so called because it is a message of God to His creatures to worship their maker (i.e., God) and to save their souls.
3. Often the message is sent through a chosen individual who is called a prophet, to whom the message is revealed and who reveals it to the people. It is then called Religion.
4. The obligation of the prophet is to ensure salvation to the faithful.
5. Salvation of the faithful means the saving of their souls from being sent to hell, provided they obey God's commands and recognise the prophet as his messenger.
6. The Buddha never claimed that he was a prophet or a messenger of God. He repudiated any such description.
7. A more important point than this is that his religion is a discovery. As such, it must be sharply distinguished from a religion which is called Revelation.
8. His religion is a discovery in the sense that it is the result of inquiry and investigation into the conditions of human life on earth; and understanding of the working of human instincts with which man is born; the moulding of his instincts and dispositions which man has formed as a result of history and tradition, and which are working to his detriment.
9. All prophets have promised salvation. The Buddha is the one teacher who did not make any such promise. He made a sharp distinction between a moksha data and a marga data, one who gives salvation and one who only shows the way.
10. He was only a marga data. Salvation must be sought by each for himself by his own effort.
11. He made this very clear to the Brahmin Moggallana in the following Sutta.
12. "Once the Exalted One was staying at Shravasti, in the East Park, at the [multi-]storeyed house of Migara's mother.
13. "Then the Brahmin Moggallana, the accountant, came to the Exalted One and gave him friendly greeting, and after the exchange of courtesies sat down at one side. So seated, the Brahmin Moggallana, the accountant, said this to the Exalted One:
14. "'Just as, Master Gautama, one gets a gradual view of this [multi-]storeyed house, a progress, a graduated path, and so on right up to the last step of the stairs, just so is the progressive training of us Brahmins: that is to say, in our course of study in the Vedas.'
15. "'Just as in a course of archery, Gautama, with us the Brahmins, the training, the progress, the approach is step by step; for instance, in counting.'
16. "'When we take a private pupil we make him count thus: 'One one, twice two, thrice three, four times four, and so on up to a hundred.' Now is it possible. Master Gautama, for you to point to a similar progressive training on the part of your followers in your Dhamma?'
17. "'It is so, Brahmin. Take the case, Brahmin, of a clever horse-trainer. He takes a thoroughbred in hand, gives him his first lesson with bit and bridle, and then proceeds to the further course.'
18. "'Just so, Brahmin, the Tathagata takes in hand a man who is to be trained and gives him his first lesson, thus: 'Come thou, brother! Be virtuous. Abide, constrained by the restraint of the obligation.'
19. 'Become versed in the practice of right behaviour; seeing danger in trifling faults, do you undertake the training and be a pupil in the moralities.'
20. "'As soon as he has mastered all that, the Tathagata gives him his second lesson, thus: 'Come thou brother! Seeing an object with the eye, be not charmed by its general appearance or its details.'
21. "'Persist in the restraint of that dejection that comes from craving, caused by the sense of sight uncontrolled--these ill states, which would overwhelm one like a flood. Guard the sense of sight, win control over the sense of sight.'
22. "'And so do with the other organs of sense. When you hear a sound with the ear, or smell a scent with the nose, taste a taste with the tongue, or with body touch things tangible, and when with mind you are conscious of a thing, be not charmed with its general appearance or its details.'
23. "'As soon as he has mastered all that, the Tathagata gives him a further lesson, thus: 'Come thou, brother! Be moderate in eating; earnest and heedful do you take your food, not for sport not for indulgence, not for adding personal charm or comeliness to body, but do it for body's stabilising, for its support, for protection from harm, and for keeping up the practice of the righteous life, with this thought: 'I check my former feeling. To no new feeling will I give rise, that maintenance and comfort may be mine.'
24. "'Then, Brahmin, when he has won restraint in food, the Tathagata gives him a further lesson thus: 'Come thou, brother! Abide given to watchfulness. By day, when walking or sitting, cleanse your heart from things that may hinder you. By night spend the first watch walking up and down or sitting, and do likewise. By night in the second watch, lie down on the right side in the posture of a lion, and placing one foot upon the other, mindful and self-possessed, set your thoughts on the idea of exertion. Then in the third watch of the night rise up, and walking up and down, or sitting, cleanse the heart of things that may hinder.'
25. "'Then, Brahmin, when the brother is devoted to watchfulness, the Tathagata gives him a further lesson, thus: 'Come thou, brother! Be possessed of mindfulness and self-control. In going forth or going back, have yourself under control. In looking forward or looking back, in bending or relaxing, in wearing robes or carrying robe and bowl, in eating, chewing, tasting, in easing yourself, in going, standing, sitting, lying, sleeping or waking, in speaking or keeping silence have yourself under control.'
26. "'Then Brahmin, when he is possessed of self-control, the Tathagata gives him a further lesson thus: 'Come thou, brother! Seek out a secluded lodging, a forest or root of a tree, a mountain or a cave or a mountain grotto, a charnel field, a forest retreat, the open air, a heap of straw.' And he does so. And when he has eaten his food he sits down crosslegged, and keeping his body straight up, he proceeds to practise the four ecstacies.'
27. "'Now, Brahmin, for all brothers who are pupils, who have not yet attained mastery of mind, who abide aspiring, for such is the manner of my training.'
28. "'But as to those brethren who are arhants, who have destroyed the asavas, who have lived the life, done their task, laid down the burden, won their own salvation, utterly destroyed the fetters of becoming, and are released by the perfect insight, for such as those these things are conducive to ease in the present life and to mindful self-control as well.'
29. "When this was said, the Brahmin Moggallana, the accountant, said to the Exalted One :
30. "'But tell me, Master Gautama. Do the disciples of the worthy Gautama,--do all of them win the absolute perfection which is Nibbana, or do some fail thus to attain?'
31. "Some of my disciples, Brahmin, thus advised and trained by me, do so attain. Others do not."
32. "But what is the reason, Master Gautama? What is the cause, Master Gautama? Here we have Nibbana. Here we have the Path to Nibbana. Here we have the worthy Gautama as instructor. What is the reason, I say, why some disciples thus advised and trained do attain, while others do not attain?"
33. "That, Brahmin, is a question that I will answer. But first do you answer me this, so far as you think fit. Now how say you. Brahmin--Are you well skilled in the road to Rajagraha?"
34. "I am, master, Skilled indeed am I in the road to Rajagraha!'
35. "Well, thus instructed, thus advised, he takes the wrong road, and off he goes with his face set to the west.
36. "Then a second man comes up with the same request, and you give him the same instructions. He follows your advice and comes safe to Rajagraha.
37. "'That is my business?'
38. "'What do I in the matter. Brahmin? The Tathagata is one who only shows the way.'
39. Here is a full statement that he does not promise salvation. He only shows the way.
40. Besides, what is salvation?
41. With Mohammad and Jesus, salvation means saving the soul from being sent to hell, by the intercession of the Prophet.
42. With Buddha, salvation means Nibbana, and Nibbana means control of passions.
43. What promise of salvation can there be in such a Dhamma?
§ 3. The Buddha did not Claim any Divinity for himself or for his Dhamma. It was discovered by man for man. It was not a Revelation
1. Every founder of religion has either claimed divinity for himself or for his teachings.
2. Moses, although he did not claim for himself any divine origin, did claim divine origin for his teachings. He told his followers that if they wished to reach the land of milk and honey they must accept the teachings, because they were the teachings of Jehovah the God.
3. Jesus claimed divinity for himself. He claimed that he was the Son of God. Naturally His teachings acquired a divine origin.
4. Krishna said that he was God himself, and the Gita was his own word.
5. The Buddha made no such claim, either for himself or his Sasana.
6. He claimed that he was one of the many human beings and his message to the people was the message of man to man.
7. He never claimed infallibility for his message.
8. The only claim he made was that his message was the only true way to salvation as he understood it.
9. It was based on universal human experience of life in the world.
10. He said that it was open to anyone to question it, test it, and find what truth it contained.
11. No founder has so fully thrown open his religion to such a challenge.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hull are planning a raid for Bolton's South Korean World Cup star Chung Yong Lee.
The Tigers' boss Steve Bruce has made an enquiry about wide-man Lee, and top scout Stan Ternant saw him score against Bournemouth in the Championship at the weekend.
The Trotters look certain to miss out on promotion back to the top flight for a second year running, so will cash in on the 25-year-old in the summer - but are looking for a big fee.
They demanded £6million for Lee in the January window - a sum that put off Premier League interest - but he will probably move for half that figure in the close-season.
The issue used to be capitalism, now it is “global apartheid”. Our enemies believe that everyone in the world has an inherent human right to move to white countries to live on crime, welfare, and voting for less law enforcement and more welfare.
This will be demonstrated when Trump tries to close the borders. The Permanent Government will just flat in your face point blank defy him. If he closes the borders, he will have to do so by demonstrating that an air force commando outranks a supreme court justice.
As the capitalism versus socialism conflict assimilated all conflicts to itself during the early part of the twentieth century, “Global Apartheidt” versus “racism” is now assimilating all conflicts to itself. All politics become identity politics, all identity politics is becoming pro white or anti white, and all anti white politics becomes Muslim, part of the war of Islam on the west. Hence the State Department backing genocidal Sunni terrorists against moderate Muslim regimes like that of Syria.
They don't realize that they plan to kill the golden goose.
They don't realize that all the wealth of the world was created by white people originally and still today most of it, with the notable exception of East Asian economies, is created by white people. They think that wealth comes from magic dirt. Hence Obama telling us “You did not build that” in cheerful defiance of the obvious facts. The new emerging majority thinks that white wealth was just magically showered on whites like their EBT cards and obamaphones were magically showered on them. When they burn down a white owned shopping center, and it is not promptly replaced by shopping center run by black women, they figure that is white racism at work. “Why were blacks not given a shopping center the way whites were?” They think EBT cards and Obamaphones just pop out of the magic dirt.
Everyone graduated from Harvard, and everyone in the permanent government, believes that the wealth just sprang from magic dirt, and whites just grabbed more than their fair share, believes “You did not build that” If only those awful white males were not around to prevent wealth from showering on women and people of color. Because if you want to go to Harvard, you need to persuade Harvard that you do believe that.
Hence believe not necessity to allow whites to build stuff. Which belief system leads to killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. Factories and all that are supposedly evil. Are supposedly instruments of oppression. Hence the regulatory state that makes it impossible to build physical things in America unless your factory is grandfathered in. Everyone in the Harvard and the Permanent Government believes this, and if he does not believe it, keeps his beliefs a deep dark secret. They believe that when they shut down factories and farms and mines and stuff, they are being noble and good, are dripping with saintliness as they erase these horrid sins against Gaia, and anyone trying to keep them open is being sinful, greedy, and corrupt.
They think, everyone in Harvard thinks, everyone in the Permanent Government thinks, that the Golden Goose is keeping people poor by scarfing up all the wealth emerging spontaneously from the magic dirt, they do not realize we are paying for EBT cards and Obamaphones.
When Black Lives Matter burn down a supermarket whites build, Obama tells the owners “You did not build that”.
In the early part of the twentieth century, the left wanted the masses to seize the means of production. But with identity politics replacing class politics, all the stuff that whites do becomes equally evil, so now in the early part of the twenty first century the left wants to shut down the means of production. Everyone is supposedly going to live by swiping EBT cards and get their internet via Obamaphone. The left is now the party of rule by underclass, not the party of dictatorship of the proletariat.
The Daily Stormer reminds us that there is a secretive committee of big Jewish donors that has undue influence over the Democratic party, but the Democratic party will very shortly elect a Muslim terrorist who hates Jews as their leader. By “terrorist” I don't mean that he personally will strap dynamite around himself and blow himself up in a Jewish synagogue, but that he will be part of an organization, the Muslim Brotherhood, that organizes people to blow themselves up. And the Jews will continue funding the Democrats even as part of these funds are used to strap explosives around suicide bombers to blow themselves up in synagogues. And they will congratulate themselves on having found a brown Bernie with which to sucker the white working class one more time. Until they import enough black African males that they get roasted on spits and eaten.
Jews will probably support the left all the way to the bitter end – as they supported Muslims during the crusades, but the logic of identity politics means that the left will not support Jews. Jews keep telling their brown allies that Jews are not really white, but this fails to have the desired effect. Jews found it a lot easier to lead an anticapitalist movement than an anti white movement.
The army tries to earn brownie points by opposing Muslim patriarchy and repression of homosexuality. General Mattis is a big offender here, pointing out that Afghans beat women, etc. It is like pointing out that Democrats are the real racists. Emancipating Afghan women does not gain the army any brownie points, nor do the rapes of the rapeugees lose the the rapeugees any brownie points. And the Muslim brotherhood can full on flat out openly oppose the emancipation of women, and still be leftists in good standing, indeed the very best of standing.
Hating whites males is the KKKrazy glue that holds the coalition of the fringes together, and the Muslim Brotherhood hates us more than anyone, so, since no friends to the right and no enemies to the left, the left loves the Muslim brotherhood and is busily importing an army of their fighters, even though the Muslim Brotherhood position on women, Jews, and homosexuals is umpteen light years outside the Overton Window. The Muslim Brotherhood is sliding into control of the left, the way communists slid into control in the thirties and forties, because they are the leftmost on the defining issue of our times. Moldbug, reading old books, said that America is a communist country. Pretty soon it is going to be a Muslim country.
STANFORD, Calif. -- Stanford squashed Oregon's national championship hopes again, schooling the Ducks in power football. Florida State might want to send the Cardinal a thank-you card.
Tyler Gaffney ran for 157 yards, and No. 5 Stanford hammered No. 3 Oregon for three quarters before holding off a furious rally by the fast-paced Ducks for a 26-20 victory Thursday night.
The Cardinal made it two in a row against the Ducks, who haven't lost to any other team in the past two seasons.
"If you control the line of scrimmage on either side of the ball, you can beat these guys," Stanford coach David Shaw said. "We're a big, physical football team that plays well together."
Kevin Hogan ran for a touchdown and played a mistake-free game at quarterback for Stanford (8-1, 6-1 Pac-12) as the Cardinal put on a clinic in how to play keep-away from a team that was averaging 55.6 points per game. Stanford ran 66 times for 274 yards -- sometimes behind as many as nine offensive linemen -- and held the ball for 42 1/2 minutes.
Heisman Trophy contender Marcus Mariota, who said he was playing on a left knee that was a "little banged up," was inaccurate and under pressure much of the night. He finished 20-of-34 for 250 yards with a fumble but threw two fourth-quarter touchdown passes, sandwiched around a blocked field goal return for a score by Rodney Hardrick, to pull the Ducks (8-1, 5-1) to 26-20 with 2:12 left.
Oregon recovered one onside kick but couldn't do it twice, and Stanford ran out the clock.
"We don't hold the cards anymore," first-year Ducks coach Mark Helfrich said.
Those belong to No. 2 Florida State now. The Seminoles don't have to worry about the Ducks nudging them out of second place in the BCS standings behind Alabama.
FSU was in danger of slipping to third in the BCS if Oregon could have registered a big road victory against a quality opponent. Now, the Seminoles face a manageable remaining schedule with a good chance to win their way to the BCS championship game at the Rose Bowl in January.
Unbeaten Baylor and Ohio State have to be happy, too, with one fewer hurdle to clear.
As for Stanford, it gets first place in the Pac-12 North and the inside track to another league title game and Rose Bowl. And maybe, if things get really weird, the Cardinal can get back in the national title hunt.
Stanford won a three-point game in overtime at Oregon last season to deny the Ducks a chance to play for the national championship, but it didn't look as if there would be much drama in the return bout on the Farm. Stanford led 17-0 at halftime and added three more field goals by Jordan Williamson in the second half.
Stanford put an end to Oregon's national championship hopes for the second season in a row. Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Oregon looked out of it, down 26-0 early in the fourth with Stanford hammering away behind Gaffney, who set a school record with 45 carries.
"I feel like I just played a football game," Gaffney said with a smile.
Even after Oregon finally broke through with a 23-yard touchdown pass from Mariota to Daryle Hawkins, the Cardinal went on another time-consuming drive and attempted a long field goal that would have sealed it.
Instead, the Ducks blocked it, Hardrick scooped and scored from 65 yards out with 5:08 left, and suddenly it was interesting.
Only five seconds later, it got even more interesting when the Ducks recovered an onside kick. They quickly moved inside the Stanford 5 but got pushed back to fourth-and-goal from the 12. Mariota threw a touchdown pass to Pharaoh Brown with 2:12 remaining, but the time it took the Ducks to get in while burning a timeout was key.
Stanford grabbed the next onside kick, and Oregon was powerless to stop the clock.
Stanford put Oregon in a 14-0 hole, the Ducks' largest deficit of the season to that point, with a power football clinic that started when the Cardinal came up with a fourth-and-goal stop from the 4 in the first quarter.
Stanford followed with a punishing 96-yard drive that included one long strike from Hogan to Michael Rector. Gaffney's 2-yard plunge made it 7-0.
With a little help from a pass interference call that wiped out an Oregon interception, Stanford made it 14-0 on Hogan's option keeper from 11 yards out with 11:26 left in the second quarter.
Rachel Nichols comments on Knicks president Phil Jackson's insistence on running the triangle offense in New York. (2:12)
Phil Jackson will meet with a few New York Knicks players to go over the club's triangle offense this week, and interim head coach Kurt Rambis will join him, league sources confirmed.
In addition to being further evidence of Jackson's commitment to the triangle offense, the meetings are significant because Rambis, a strong candidate for the Knicks' head-coaching vacancy, will be in attendance.
Speaking to reporters Thursday, Jackson confirmed that Rambis will be considered for the full-time job. The Knicks went 9-19 under Rambis, who took over for the fired Derek Fisher in early February.
Editor's Picks Warriors will allow Walton to talk to other teams Coach Steve Kerr said the Warriors will grant top assistant Luke Walton permission to interview for any head-coaching job he wishes to pursue.
Jackson said last week that he planned to talk to multiple candidates about the vacancy. Golden State Warriors assistant coach Luke Walton recently spoke with Jackson informally about the Knicks' vacancy, sources say.
After the conversation, Jackson told people within the Knicks organization that he believed Walton would stay with the Warriors, a source told ESPN's Chris Broussard. Jackson intimated on Thursday that he plans to reach out to several candidates before making a decision.
"People I probably know will be in the interview process," Jackson said. "I will reach out to make connections to some people."
Sources told ESPN.com last week that the Knicks are interested in former Cleveland Cavaliers coach David Blatt, among others.
Kurt Rambis has intimate knowledge of the triangle offense and has recently drawn compliments from Phil Jackson for the way the Knicks executed the offense during Rambis' tenure as interim coach. Adam Hunger/USA TODAY Sports
Jackson has made it clear that he plans to continue to run the triangle offense in New York. The next coach he hires will likely have to agree to run the system.
Rambis, who worked under Jackson with the Los Angeles Lakers, has intimate knowledge of the offense. Jackson recently complimented Rambis for the way the Knicks executed the offense during his tenure as interim coach.
"They had an immersion in the triangle," Jackson said last week. "When Kurt started coaching the team, they started executing it with more structure. We saw some progress, but we have to make the next step."
Hiring a coach is the first step in a pivotal offseason for Jackson. The Knicks are projected to have at least $18 million to spend in free agency, and Jackson hopes to upgrade the roster after losing a combined 115 games the past two seasons.
Jackson said last week that rookie Kristaps Porzingis will be a draw in free agency.
"We've had so many people come up to us and say they want to play for a guy like KP, which is a nice thing to hear from various agents," Jackson said. ".... So we feel we have an attractive product here."
Jackson's meeting with players to go over the triangle offense was first reported by the New York Daily News.
The Gainesville City Commission unanimously approved a motion to accept the city auditor's report involving the ongoing dispute between Gainesville Regional Utilities and the Gainesville Renewable Energy Center on Thursday.
The audit found that GRU's 93,000 customers have overpaid nearly $900,000, said Carlos Holt, city auditor.
GRU customers will have to deal with current rates, even if they're being overcharged, until a solution is ironed out.
The discrepancy in charges started after GRU originally partnered with GREC to produce biomass energy.
“Things didn't add up right,” Holt said.
Holt explained the original contract stated the two companies would use the dollar-to-euro exchange rate as part of a financial algorithm to calculate costs for the Construction Cost Adjuster.
The adjuster protects someone if construction takes a while to get started by protecting them from inflation, Holt said.
Holt found GREC was using the euro-to-dollar exchange rate instead, resulting in an excess of charges to GRU, which trickled down to its customers, some of which voiced opinions at the meeting.
Customer James Konish said he didn't think the mistake was an error in judgement, but an “organized scheme.”
When talking about a possible rationale behind GREC deciding to use the incorrect exchange rate, Holt said he had “no idea” why.
Holt said an audit had been requested when his predecessor was in office, but it was really never carried out.
City Commissioner Randy Wells credited Holt for his ability to take initiative, and called his work superb.
Holt said he appreciated GRU'S willingness to cooperate with open arms during his assessment of the situation, and that there remain some other smaller issues.
Incorporated into the audit were 15 recommendations, and Holt said that GRU's General Manager, Edward Bielarski, accepted 14 of them.
Bielarski suggested that he will meet with the city attorney next week to discuss further action.
City Commissioner Craig Carter said he was amazed that GREC made such an error.
“We need to stand firm on this and quit rolling over for these people,” he said.
Mayor Ed Braddy said he was interested in whatever measures would help to expedite the process.
He explained that GRU will have a 30-day window where no action can be taken until GREC submits a response of its own.
The audit also stated that controls weren't in place to ensure fuel prices were accurately stated. GRU originally developed a plan to conduct regular visits to examine fuel ticket information, but only one such visit had been conducted.
The next step to recoup the money and solve many of the issues may include arbitration, and a solution should be completed before the end of the 2015 calendar year, the audit stated.
Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Calls on Germany to Recognize Assyrian, Greek, Armenian Genocide
Archbishop Vicken Aykazian (L) and Archbishop Khajag Barsamian (R) with His Holiness Ignatius Aphrem II Karim in New York. Berlin (AINA) -- In an open letter to the German government, Patriarch Ignatius Aphrem II, the supreme head of the Syriac Orthodox Church, has called on Germany to recognize the genocide of Armenians, Assyrians and Greeks perpetrated by Ottoman Turks during World War One. The letter was addressed to German President Joachim Gauck, Chancellor Angela Merkel, and Parliament President Norbert Lammert.
In the letter the Patriarch expressed astonishment that the term Genocide should be avoided for political reasons in a resolution prepared by the governing coalition parties and planned for adoption on Friday, April 24th in the German parliament. The Patriarch appealed to the conscience of the German people, saying 1.5 million Armenians and more than 500,0001 Assyrians of different denominations fell victim to the first genocide of the 20th century. Monasteries, churches, villages and houses were systematically wiped out.
"By denying this genocide," said the Patriarch in his letter, "one contributes to the fulfillment of the evil plan of those who executed this genocide...Germany, like no other state and society in the world, faced the sad truths of its history paving the way for reconciliation between peoples."
Here is the full text of the letter:
It is with great interest that we follow the ongoing debate in Germany concerning the Genocide that occurred in the Ottoman Empire starting from the year 1915. However, we are greatly astonished to hear that the word "Genocide" is being avoided due to political reasons. During these dark years, our church lost the majority of its faithful. The wound caused by this Genocide which we call in our Syriac-Aramaic language "Sayfo", was never healed due to the persistent denial of the very fact of the Genocide by the Turkish state until today. The result of this first Genocide of the20th century was the loss of 1.5 million Armenians, about 500.000 Syriac speaking Christians and thousands of Christians of different ethnicities and denominations. Our monasteries, churches, villages and houses fell prey to the systematic attempt to erase Christian life from its cradle. Today only few thousand Christians remain in Turkey, while many monasteries and churches are destroyed or confiscated. We are writing to you because Germany, like no other state and society in the world, faced the sad truths of its history paving the way for reconciliation between peoples. When we ask for recognition, we ask for the beginning of a reconciliation process. To us, as well as to our Armenian brothers and sisters, this chapter of our history has become part of our identity. By denying this genocide, one contributes to the fulfillment of the evil plan of those who executed this genocide. Our people did not pose any threat to the Ottoman Empire. They were victimized based on racist policies and a political will to exterminate Christianity in the former Ottoman Empire in what amounts to a religio-ethnic cleansing of our people. Today, as the Head of the Syriac Orthodox Church, we call upon the living consciousness of the German people not to turn a blind eye on truth, but to open their hearts to the suffering of an entire people. We also call upon you as the highest representatives of this people to show that values of democracy have to be defended and promoted globally and not selectively. May the spirit of truth and courage guide you in your decision. Ignatius Aphrem II
Patriarch of Antioch and All the East
Supreme Head of the Universal Syrian Orthodox Church
1 Editor's note: the actual figure is 750,000 Assyrians (75%), as well as 500,000 Greeks and 1.5 million Armenians.
I just have to get this out of my system, before I explode, because it's something that's been driving me crazy for a very long time.
YouTube… seriously. Pull your heads out of your collective assholes and do something constructive for a change instead of sitting around like a bunch of idiots, laughing at videos of Hitler finding out his schnitzel got eaten by the dog.
We've been having this problem with YouTube for a long time and it just seems to get worse, not better. You see, we're a media outlet. As a media outlet, we have the express permission of pretty much every developer and publisher on the planet to re-upload and display their trailers and other content, so long as it does not break NDAs and embargoes, which are all based around what can be shown and when. We've even gotten this in writing from some of them, and submitted that to the drones at YouTube.
So why is it that shit like this happens? Activision blocked it for a copyright claim? No they didn't. Not even close, bub. We upload Activision content all the time and while we always get a nasty-gram from YouTube saying “ERMAHGERD CRPR-RRTE” we have never, not once, ever, ever, ever gotten an actual copyright complaint against us.
Not from Activision.
Not from EA.
Not from Sony Online Entertainment.
Not from Cloud Imperium Games.
Not from any-fucking-body ever!
The people at YouTube are so fucking stupid, they even hit a world renowned classical pianist with a copyright claim stating that the video she posted which showed her playing a classical piece was owned by Sony because it was played by one of their artists. Wait, the video shows her playing the piece. How could it belong this other guy? They they refused to reverse the claim because once YouTube / Google makes up their mind, it doesn't matter what you do. You're screwed. It's like trying to get someone out of a concentration camp.
YouTube, smarten up. You've been popular because you've been the only game in town for a long time. The time is coming, though, where that will no longer be the case. If you keep doing shit like this to people, you may just have a mass exodus in your future.
Fascists.
Ground zero in Guinea: the Ebola outbreak smoulders – undetected – for more than 3 months
A retrospective on the first cases of the outbreak
On 26 December 2013, a 2-year-old boy in the remote Guinean village of Meliandou fell ill with a mysterious illness characterized by fever, black stools, and vomiting. He died 2 days later. Retrospective case-finding by WHO would later identify that child as West Africa's first case of Ebola virus disease. The circumstances surrounding his illness were ominous.
The forest background
During the country's long years of civil unrest, natural resources were exploited by mining and timber companies. The ecology in the densely-forested area changed. Fruit bats, which are thought by most scientists to be the natural reservoir of the virus, moved closer to human settlements.
Hunters, who depend on bushmeat for their food security and survival, almost certainly slaughtered infected wild animals – most likely monkeys, forest antelope, or squirrels. (WHO investigations into the origins of previous Ebola outbreaks have often found dead primates and other wild animals in jungles and forests). The wives of the hunters prepared the meat for family meals.
Though no one knew it at the time, the Ebola virus had found a new home in a highly vulnerable population.
Meliandou is located in what is today designated as the outbreak's “hot zone”: a triangle-shaped forested area where the borders of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone converge. All three countries were deeply impoverished, and their health infrastructures severely damaged, during years of civil unrest.
Poverty is pervasive. Large numbers of people do not have steady, salaried employment. Their quest to find work contributes to fluid population movements across extremely porous borders – a dream situation for a highly contagious virus.
Following the young boy's death, the mysterious disease continued to smoulder undetected, causing several chains of deadly transmission.
Unclear beginnings
Later – in May this year – after the causative agent had been identified, a retrospective WHO investigation of that earliest event, headed by the Organization's senior Ebola expert, Dr Pierre Formenty, traced the first 14 cases in great detail.
As Dr Formenty observed, these first cases yielded no strong or convincing hints, either from clinical features of the illness or the pattern of its transmission, of just what the causative agent might be, especially in a country with so much background noise from multiple other killer diseases.
But it was deadly, for sure: all 14 patients died, most within days after symptom onset. High-risk exposures were apparent (caring for a sick relative, preparing a body for burial, or delivering a baby) but again yielded no decisive clues. Alarm bells might have gone off had any doctor or health official in the country ever seen a case of Ebola. No one had. No alarm bells rang for the government or, for that matter, for the international public health community either.
As Dr Formenty noted, no one unfamiliar with the Ebola virus could have guessed so early on that this might be the cause. The WHO investigation also revealed a feature that would become a major driving force as the outbreaks in Guinea and elsewhere evolved: the very rapid movement of people from villages to Guinea's capital and across the border into Sierra Leone. In an ominous hint of what would come, one of these first cases died in Sierra Leone.
The villagers were frightened and baffled. Their doctors were, too. The area is notorious for outbreaks of cholera and many other infectious diseases. Though cases of malaria have dropped in recent years, that disease remains the country's most persistent and prevalent killer. Health authorities were on high alert but the causative agent still eluded them, camouflaged by early symptoms that mimic those of many other endemic diseases. Meanwhile the outbreak continued to spread, its causative agent still hidden.
Ebola virus on the move
Further retrospective investigations by WHO revealed how the earliest Meliandou cluster of cases ignited spread of the virus to other places. Chains of transmission that began with the illness and death of two midwives put more villages in crisis mode.
Ebola cases began to appear at a hospital in Gueckedou – a city in the same hot zone. At that hospital, the initial suspicions of the attending physicians focused on cholera. Of the nine patient samples tested for cholera, seven came back positive. It didn't look exactly like cholera, but the tests used were sensitive and specific, and – once again – Ebola eluded detection.
As the investigation continued, links began to emerge between mysterious deaths in different locations. The dots of hotspots were becoming connected. Some single pathogen was likely at work, but which one?
Fortunately, staff from Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) were already in the country, responding to a serious malaria outbreak. Later, MSF doctors would quickly shift gears to manage clinical care for the swelling number of Ebola patients.
By early March, Guinea's health officials, MSF staff and WHO knew something strange and very worrisome was going on, but no one knew exactly what. More than three months after that end-December death, Ebola was nowhere on the radar screen of suspects for mysterious deaths in West Africa.
Deeply worried, MSF sent a report in mid-March to one of its most experienced and intuitive disease detectives at its office in Geneva. That expert immediately suspected a haemorrhagic fever, possibly caused by the Marburg virus (the largest-ever outbreak occurred in Angola in 2004–2005), or even Ebola – an unheard event for this part of the world.
Diagnosis
The Ministry of Health sent samples to the Institut Pasteur in Paris. The first news was shocking: the causative agent was indeed the Ebola virus. Who could ever have guessed that such a notorious disease, previously confined to Central Africa and Gabon, would crop up in another distant part of the continent? The news from subsequent virological analyses was even worse: this was Ebola Zaire, the most lethal in the family of five distinct Ebola species.
WHO published the official notification of Ebola on its website on 23 March. By that time, WHO had already shipped supplies of personal protective equipment to Conakry and activated its state-of-the-art centre for real-time outbreak tracking and response. The first medical teams, under the WHO Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network (GOARN) umbrella, were on the ground by 25 March.
Relentless spread of the Ebola virus
In the meantime, the virus had continued its relentless spread. The bad news got even worse as the virus successfully marched into Conakry and the first cases – which multiplied quickly – were confirmed there on 27 March. In Conakry and elsewhere, new cases hit like sparks from a fire landing on dry grass.
The brushfire had begun. By that time, flare-ups, as new transmission chains were ignited, could no longer be stamped out, even as foreign medical teams from the WHO GOARN umbrella and other partners continued to pour in.
The pattern that followed was heart-breaking as the all-out national and international response escalated and pressure to stop the virus became increasingly intense. On at least three occasions, prospects for nationwide control looked good and the countdown for a case-free 21-day incubation period began.
Breaths were held as Guinea looked ready to enter the second 21-day Ebola-free period required before WHO can declare the end of an Ebola outbreak. On each occasion, vigilance eased and the sense of emergency lapsed as local health officials assumed the outbreak was over.
The country never made it. As the deadline approached, cases suddenly flared up again in previously controlled villages and cities. In other instances, the virus marched on to infect previously untouched areas.
A regional challenge
Some observers have speculated that these tragic up-and-down cycles of apparent control followed by flare-ups demonstrate just how strong this Ebola Zaire virus has become. More likely, these events represent re-introductions of the virus into Guinea – with its notoriously porous borders – from the large outbreaks in neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone.
This more realistic explanation strongly suggests that control in Guinea will not be feasible until the Ebola caseload in its neighbours goes down. On current trends, the prospects that this will happen anytime in the near future are distinctly not good at all.
The fear factor
Today, one of the biggest barriers to control is violence from an impoverished, terrified and shattered population that does not understand what hit it and fights back the only way it can.
Last week, health workers in several parts of the country were viciously attacked by angry mobs, forcing some medical teams to flee for their lives. One team hid in the bush for more than a day. Others saw their vehicles vandalized and their medicines and equipment collected and publicly burned, as though such acts might work as a “cleansing” ritual.
The most interesting thing we've ever found in a hedge has been an old-style beer jug, but that's exactly where this 1963 Jaguar E-type turned up in the village of Bisley, Surrey.
It's not known exactly how long the Jag had spent in the hedge, but with its last tax disc still in the window and dating back to 1969, plus a recorded mileage of just 44,870, it's a fair bet it's been there quite a while.
As well as being in very original (if slightly dilapidated) condition, the E-type also boasts an interesting history. It's first owner was Ivor Arbiter, owner of Drum City and Sound City, which were at the centre of the 1960s music scene. In addition to knowing all the movers and shakers, Arbiter has also been credited with designing one of the most famous logos in history – The Beatles' ‘drop-T'.
Beatles manager Brian Epstein requested that the band's name appear on a bass drum, so Arbiter sketched out the logo on a scrap of paper. He was paid £5, while the design was immortalised by local sign writer Edd Stokes, who painted the drum during his lunch hour.
“This wonderful Series I 3.8-litre E-type is in original condition, with matching numbers and has never been restored,” said Coys' James Good. “It retains all the features it carried in 1969 and is possibly one of the most original examples remaining today. The car needs a total restoration but it has all the ingredients to make a superb car – this is truly a rarity!”
The car will come with its original brown logbook, V5 and V5c, plus its last MoT certificate dated November 1968 when it is sold at Coys' Spring Classics auction on 8 March.
After the stellar conclusion to the Halo World Championship, many Halo eSports enthusiasts became anxious to discover what would become of the Halo Championship Series. Luckily, 343 Industries announced the HCS Pro League to continue forth the competitive Halo 5 action. Today, 343 Industries and ESPN have unveiled the very first official HCS Pro League Information.
Below is all you need to know about the upcoming Pro and Challenger Divisions for the Halo Championship Series!
Pro League
The HCS Pro League is a first for Halo eSports. Each week, the Top 8 Halo Teams in North America, and Top 6 in Europe will duke it out online for many weeks over each season. The first season begins May 31 and ends July 28th.
Every week beginning in June, ESL will provide streams for North American and European competition – two days for NA, and one for Europe.
The 2016 Halo World Champions, Counter-Logic Gaming, will be automatically inducted into the Pro Division. Other teams will be qualifying through online qualifiers and two LAN qualifiers in April and May. The first HCS LAN event takes place April 24th and will include Evil Geniuses, OpTic Gaming, Enigma 6, and Team EnVyUs!
The PAX East Invitational LAN hosts the four teams featuring the members of the now disbanded Team Allegiance, who took second place at the Halo World Championship. The winner of PAX will claim a spot in the Pro League.
A 16-team Online Qualifier on April 30th will seed a second Invitational LAN (Top 8 out of the 16 teams) that will take place a week later on May 8th. The Top 4 finalists will claim their spots in the first season.
Finally, there will be a series of Open Online Qualifiers in May that will lead to the final conclusive Last Chance Qualifier, in which the final two teams will be invited to the league.
Challenger Division
The Challenger League for the HCS focuses on Halo's grassroots, offering Amateur players a chance to be promoted to the Pro Division.
An open circuit will be run for players to earn points for promotion into the Pro League. The Challenger teams with the most points at the end of the season will have the chance to defeat the two relegated Pro Teams in order to be inducted into the Pro League.
Recap
Top 8 North American Pro Teams
Top 6 European Pro Teams
ESL Streams Weekly
2017 Halo World Championship RETURNS w/ $1M Prize Pot and Crowdfunding
May 31st – July 28th
Top 4 Team Playoffs in LA ($250,000 Prize Pot)
Online and LAN Qualifier Events (April & May)
Bottom 2 Pro Teams Relegated to face Challengers
Are you excited about the upcoming HCS Pro League events? Discuss the Halo Championship Series on our forums!
Source | ESPN eSports
Most Rubyists are familiar with Nokogiri. It's a combination XML and HTML parsing tool most commonly used for “screen scraping”: that is, fetching a web page, and searching through it to extract information of interest. When a website you're interested in doesn't offer an API, it's often the only way to extract information from it.
Nokogiri offers both XPath and CSS interfaces to the documents you load into it; both are enormously powerful, and allow you to quickly hone in on the areas of the page that you want to retrieve. Its CSS selectors will be familiar to anyone who's written advanced CSS or used jQuery, and are a quick and clear way of zipping down into the page hierarchy to fetch a specific element or set of elements.
As an example, we might want to fetch the name of the currently featured article on the English language Wikipedia. If we look at the source of the page, the relevant section of markup looks like this:
<div id= "mp-tfa" style= "padding:2px 5px" > <div style= "float: left; margin: 0.5em 0.9em 0.4em 0;" > <!-- article image --> </div> <p> <i> <b> <a href= "/wiki/Weather_Machine" title= "Weather Machine" > Weather Machine </a> </b> </i> <!-- rest of description snipped -->
There are some obvious hooks we can grab onto there: the title is in an <a> tag, and that <a> is inside the featured article <div> which helpfully has an id of mp-tfa .
Taking this to Nokogiri, we could extract the information we're after with a simple script:
require "nokogiri" require "open-uri" wiki_url = "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page" # Fetch the page and load its HTML into a Nokogiri document doc = Nokogiri :: HTML ( open ( wiki_url )) # Select the <a> we're after using a CSS selector, and # then extract its title and URL article = doc . at_css ( "div#mp-tfa i:first-child a" ) title = article . text url = URI . join ( wiki_url , article . attribute ( 'href' )) puts "Today's featured article is: #{ title } < #{ url } >"
Run this, and it should output the name and URL of today's featured article.
So far, so standard; if you've used Nokogiri at all, you've written something like this. But what not as many people know about Nokogiri is that it can also be used from the command line, without having to write a script at all. This allows you to harness the power of Nokogiri even when writing small, throwaway one-liners in the shell — and regular readers of the blog will know that, if there's one thing I like, it's writing shell one-liners in Ruby.
Piping input
Once you've installed the Nokogiri gem, its command-line interface is available using the nokogiri command.
Typically, we want to work with a remote website; that means we need to fetch the content of that remote site. For that, it's probably the easiest just to use curl, and pipe the output into Nokogiri (that's the Unix way, after all — small tools interacting).
We can then pass some Ruby code to Nokogiri using the -e parameter (just like we can with the ruby executable), and it will execute it. It helpfully parses the document for us automatically and sets it to $_ , so we can get started right away.
Let's stick with our Wikipedia example: how would it work on the command line? Well, quite straightforward really:
curl -s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page | nokogiri -e 'puts $_.at_css("div#mp-tfa i:first-child a").text'
As you can see, we fetch the page with curl, then pipe the output into Nokogiri. Operating on the document, stored in $_ , we use css to select the same element were were selecting before, and output the title of the article. Run this command, and you should see the name of the article printed to your terminal. Neat, eh?
Of course, we don't have to limit ourselves to piping input from curl. We could also cat the contents of a local HTML file into Nokogiri too; Nokogiri in this case neither knows nor cares where the HTML it's parsing comes from.
Interactive mode
Piping input is useful, but sometimes we just want to have a play with the document and get a feel for it — to try out some selectors before actually using them in a script for example. For this, we can use the Nokogiri script's interactive mode, passing it the URL to fetch:
$ nokogiri https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page Your document is stored in @doc... 2.1.0 :001 >
Voila! Nokogiri has dropped us at an IRB prompt, and has fetched and parsed the document for us; as you can see, it's stored in the @doc variable. We can now try out some operations on the document and get instant feedback of what's being selected. This is exactly what I did when writing the first script in this post; I started with a selector that got me roughly where I wanted to be ( div#mp-tfa i a ) and refined it until it selected the element I wanted (and nothing else).
Whether you want to quickly snatch something out of a document in a shellscript, are constructing an elaborate one-liner, or want to explore a document before actually committing to writing a script that scrapes it, Nokogiri's command line interface is a really useful tool. Give it a whirl!
Text Processing with Ruby
UPDATE: See update and application link below.
In what could be a huge shot in the arm for the eastern section of South Street, a local buyer has purchased the former Pearl Arts and Crafts building with plans to turn it into an arts center.
The plan is for 85 art studios over four floors (including the basement) with a retail/gallery space on the ground floor and a restaurant with sculpture garden on the roof. Studios, which start at $250 a month, will each have a shelf or gallery wall to show artists' work.
The design and the restaurant are still in the planning stage, so the situation is still a bit fluid, but the owner is optimistic that he could open by summer 2014. With such a quick timeline, we're guessing that means he doesn't plan to tear down the current building, but rather to redo the facade and interior.
Applications for the studio spaces are coming shortly, so we'll keep you posted.
UPDATE: The new owner of the building says he plans to open without the fancy new facade in 2014, and wanted to do a facade redesign in 2015 with an all-glass front. Here's what the opening should look like when it first opens.
And here's a link to the brochure and studio application.
SSAC-Brochure&Application
Naltrexone is a theoretically promising alternative to agonist substitution treatment for opioid dependence, but its effectiveness has been severely limited by poor adherence. This study examined, in an independent sample, a previously observed association between moderate cannabis use and improved retention in naltrexone treatment. Opioid dependent patients (N = 63), admitted for inpatient detoxification and induction onto oral naltrexone, and randomized into a six-month trial of intensive behavioral therapy (Behavioral Naltrexone Therapy) versus a control behavioral therapy (Compliance Enhancement), were classified into three levels of cannabis use during treatment based on biweekly urine toxicology: abstinent (0% cannabis positive urine samples); intermittent use (1% to 79% cannabis positive samples); and consistent use (80% or greater cannabis positive samples). Intermittent cannabis users showed superior retention in naltrexone treatment (median days retained = 133; mean = 112.8, SE = 17.5), compared to abstinent (median = 35; mean = 47.3, SE = 9.2) or consistent users (median = 35; mean = 68.3, SE = 14.1) (log rank = 12.2, df = 2, p = .002). The effect remained significant in a Cox model after adjustment for baseline level of heroin use and during treatment level of cocaine use. Intermittent cannabis use was also associated with greater adherence to naltrexone pill-taking. Treatment interacted with cannabis use level, such that intensive behavioral therapy appeared to moderate the adverse prognosis in the consistent cannabis use group. The association between moderate cannabis use and improved retention on naltrexone treatment was replicated. Experimental studies are needed to directly test the hypothesis that cannabinoid agonists exert a beneficial pharmacological effect on naltrexone maintenance and to understand the mechanism.
New study proves that pain is not a symptom of arthritis, pain causes arthritis
-end-
Related Osteoarthritis Reading:
The Senate endorsed stringent new sanctions on Iran's energy and shipping sectors in a fresh attempt to hobble the Islamic Republic's economy and hamper its nuclear ambitions.
Ignoring White House opposition spelled out just hours before the vote, the Senate voted 94-0 on Friday for a package of punitive measures that would end sales and transactions with various Iranian domestic industries.
Related stories:
The sanctions build upon penalties that Congress has passed – and President Barack Obama has implemented – that target Tehran's financial and energy sectors.
Officials in Washington argue that the sanctions have undermined Tehran's economy and robust oil sales, thwarting its suspected pursuit of a nuclear weapon. Iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes.
The overwhelming bipartisan vote on an amendment to a sweeping, $631 billion defense bill reflected fears about the Iranian threat and the United States' unwavering support for its closest Mideast ally Israel.
Shortly before the vote, the powerful pro-Israel lobby, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, urged senators to back the sanctions.
"We must continue to apply unremitting pressure on Tehran until it complies with its international obligations and ends its pursuit of nuclear weapons," AIPAC officials wrote in a letter.
'Iran hasn't quit trying'
Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez and Republican Sen. Mark Kirk, who have shepherded sanctions bills through Congress, sponsored the latest package that also would close a major loophole – the ability of Iran to circumvent sanctions and barter oil for precious metals. Turkey has been bartering gold for oil.
"The most recent sanctions are working toward crippling Iran's economy but Iran hasn't quit trying," Menendez said on the Senate floor.
The sanctions would designate Iran's energy, port, shipping and ship-building sectors as "entities of proliferation" and sanction transactions with these areas. The legislation also would penalize individuals selling or supplying commodities such as graphite, aluminum and steel to Iran, all products that are crucial to Tehran's ship-building and nuclear operations.
In a memo from the National Security Council just hours before the vote, the administration argued that the new sanctions were unnecessary, duplicative and "threaten to confuse and undermine" provisions in current law.
Specifically, the administration complained about the omission of waivers that would give the president more flexibility, ambiguities that would make implementation difficult and requirements for congressional reports on thousands of small and mid-size vessels that dock at Iranian seaports that were too burdensome.
The Associated Press obtained a copy of the memo.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin acknowledged the administration's reservations and said he hoped lawmakers could address those concerns in crafting the final version of the bill.
The legislation also would designate Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting and its president as human rights abusers for broadcasting forced televised confessions and show trials.
The president has 90 days from the legislation's enactment to act. The bill does include the authority to waive the sanctions based on national security.
The overall defense policy bill for next year authorizes money for weapons, ships, aircraft and a 1.7% pay raise for military personnel. The total is $4 billion less than the House-passed bill, and House-Senate negotiators will have to work out the difference in the closing days of this year.
If you were reading upcoming Toronto event listings and happened upon the title "Casual Taxidermy", and you're anything like me, you probably thought to yourself "what a sweet name for a band." I'm imagining them as sort of roots-y, blues-rock outfit. I bet Casual Taxidermy's guitarist is a big, sweaty bearded dude who goes by the name Sweet Daddy, and I bet he lays down some spicy licks.
But sadly, "Casual Taxidermy; The Art of Skinning a Dead Rat" is exactly what it sounds like.
It's a bunch of people paying good money to sit around an art studio, gut a bunch of dead rats, and then pose them with tiny outfits. It costs $200. The rat is provided.
Now, call me out-of-touch, but I was not aware taxidermy was the latest hip trend! (And apologies for using the overused-to-the-point-of-meaninglessness word "hipster", but I don't know if there's a better term for people who pay $200 to make their own DIY artisanal dead rats.) Apparently, it's already very much a growing trend, as explained in this Washington Post piece ("Taxidermy moves from hunting lodges to hipster havens") and this one from no less an authority than the New York Times ("D.I.Y. Taxidermy May Be for You, If You Have the Guts".)
Advertisement
Let's just pause to focus on three interesting takeaways from the Times piece in particular:
1) That it's surprisingly almost entirely women (and a large number of lawyers in particular) taking up DIY taxidermy as a hobby; 2) That vegans participate in this shit; 3) That the woman quoted in the piece put her dog on a raw-food diet.
Back to Toronto, where it only took us 2 months to ape whatever trend's popped up in Brooklyn - a new personal best! What can we expect for this $200 session?
Join us for an 8-hour intensive hands-on lesson, in which you will transform a deceased rat into a unique and enduring art object.
Advertisement
Oh boy.
What do I get? Each participant will be provided with a student kit that includes: Nitrile gloves
a rat specimen
scalpel
bead eyes
stitching materials
pins
and all supplies and the knowledge required to create a finished taxidermic rat.
I really appreciate that the dead rat is included! I mean, if I'm paying the same price as what I'd pay for a decent notebook computer for a taxidermy lesson, I don't want it to be BYOR.
No special equipment or supplies are required of participants, but you may want to bring an apron. Although the process is less messy than you might think, it's advisable to wear closed-toed shoes and clothing you won't mind getting a bit dirty.
Advertisement
Can we just say what we're all thinking? Everyone who attends these things is probably a serial killer. I mean, if they haven't killed already, I at least want the FBI tracking anyone who signs up for this.
SHEMAR MOORE'S CHARACTER IN "CRIMINAL MINDS": Did you notice anything about him, any signs he'd do something... like this?
SERIAL KILLER'S NEIGHBOUR: I mean... he mostly kept to himself. Although, now that I think about it, he DID go to an all-day session where a bunch of people played with bloody rat guts, and then they dressed up the dead rats like Victorian gentlemen, in little bowler hats.
Advertisement
SHEMAR MOORE: ... This job never gets easier.
Though we will provide some supplies for posing (fabrics and basic hand-sewing supplies), you may want to bring props and accessories for your finished product. Note: an adult rat is about the size of a Barbie doll, but with a more realistic waistline. Keep this in mind when choosing furniture or props for your piece.
Hah! Take that, Barbie! Maybe if you Mattel fatcats had made a doll with more realistic proportions, people wouldn't be forced to play dressup with roadkill.
10AM – 2PM: Skinning and stuffing Basic hide skinning techniques as related to rats. During this time, we will go through code of ethics, process of sourcing, preparing, skinning, stuffing and stitching up your new rat.
Advertisement
A code of ethics! Earlier I had reservations about saying that this was hipsters, but you know how I know it's for hipsters? They spend a good chunk of the first three hours having a roundtable over whether their dead rat was ethically sourced.
2PM – 3PM: Lunch Break Class is located between Bloor & College with plenty of food offerings!
These warm rat guts are making me jones for some Subway™!
3PM – 6PM Posing, Pinning and Final Touches
EIGHT HOURS! These people are fucking around with dead rats for eight hours! That's seven more hours than a cat would want to play with a dead rat.
Advertisement
Anyways - if you're around Toronto next Saturday, you should check it out.
Phase One
Consists of the first two weeks of the program with activities limited to strength and conditioning and physical rehabilitation only.
Phase Two
Consists of the next three weeks of the program. On-field workouts may include individual player instruction and drills as well as team practice conducted on a "separates" basis. No live contact or team offense vs. team defense drills are permitted.
Phase Three
Consists of the next four weeks of the program. Teams may conduct a total of 10 days of organized team practice activity, or "OTAs". No live contact is permitted, but 7-on-7, 9-on-7, and 11-on-11 drills are permitted.
Article 22 of the Collective Bargaining Agreement stipulates that clubs may hold one mandatory mini-camp for veteran players. This mini-camp, noted below, must occur during Phase Three of the offseason program.
New head coaches are entitled to conduct an additional voluntary veteran mini-camp. Any voluntary mini-camp for veteran players must be conducted prior to the NFL Draft (April 27-29), but no earlier than week three of the club's offseason workout program and after at least one week of the two weeks of Phase One activities that the clubs may hold pursuant to Article 21. This year, five clubs will hold voluntary veteran mini-camps, as noted below.
Each club may hold a rookie football development program for a period of seven weeks, which in 2017 may begin on May 15. During this period, no activities may be held on weekends, with the exception of one post-NFL Draft rookie mini-camp, which may be conducted on either the first or second weekend following the draft. The dates of each club's post-draft rookie mini-camps have not been announced.
The NFL Offseason Workout Program calendar (dates are tentative and subject to change at the discretion of individual clubs):
<u>ARIZONA</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 16-18, May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1-2
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 6-8
<u>ATLANTA</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 30, June 1-2, June 5-6, June 8-9
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>BALTIMORE</u>
First Day: *April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>BUFFALO</u>
First Day: *April 3
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 16-18, May 23-25, June 5-8
Voluntary Mini-Camp: April 18-20
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>CAROLINA</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15​
<u>​CHICAGO</u>
First Day: April 18
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 22-23, May 25, May 30, June 1-2, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>​CINCINNATI</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>CLEVELAND</u>
First Day: *April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>DALLAS</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-7
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>DENVER</u>
First Day: April 10
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Voluntary Mini-Camp: April 25-27
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>DETROIT</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>GREEN BAY</u>
First Day: April 18
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 22-24, May 31, June 1-2, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>HOUSTON</u>
First Day: *April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 22-23, May 25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-6, June 8-9
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>INDIANAPOLIS</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 22-23, May 25, May 31, June 1-2, June 5-8
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>JACKSONVILLE</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23, May 25-26, May 30, June 1-2, June 5-6, June 8-9
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>KANSAS CITY</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 6-9
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>LA CHARGERS</u>
First Day: *April 3
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 16-18, May 23-25, June 5-6, June 8-9
Voluntary Mini-Camp: April 25-27
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>LA RAMS</u>
First Day: April 10
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
Voluntary Mini-Camp: April 25-27
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>MIAMI</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>MINNESOTA</u>
First Day: *April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>NEW ENGLAND</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 22-23, May 25, May 31, June 1, June 12-13, June 15
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 6-8
<u>NEW ORLEANS</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>NEW YORK GIANTS</u>
First Day: April 18
*OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 22-23, May 25, May 30-31, June 2, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>NEW YORK JETS</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>OAKLAND</u>
First Day: April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 22-23, May 25, May 30-31, June 2, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>PHILADELPHIA</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>PITTSBURGH</u>
First Day: *April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>SAN FRANCISCO</u>
First Day: *April 10
*OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 22-23, May 25, May 30-31, June 2, June 5-6, June 8-9
*Voluntary Mini-Camp: April 25-27
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
<u>SEATTLE</u>
First Day: April 18
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 30, June 1-2, June 5-6, June 8-9
Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15​
<u>TAMPA BAY</u>
First Day: April 17
OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: June 13-15
<u>TENNESSEE</u>
First Day: April 17
*OTA Offseason Workouts: *May 23-25, May 30-31, June 1, June 5-8
*Mandatory Mini-Camp: *June 13-15
(3rd UPDATE) Former vice president Jejomar Binay faces charges of graft, falsification of documents, and violation of the Government Procurement Act
Published 9:32 AM, July 14, 2016
MANILA, Philippines (3rd UPDATE) – The Office of the Ombudsman has filed criminal charges against former vice president Jejomar Binay over the alleged overpriced Makati city hall parking building II.
Representatives from the Ombudsman filed the charges before the anti-graft court Sandiganbayan on Wednesday, July 14, radio reports said.
Binay faces charges of graft, falsification of documents, and violation of the Government Procurement Act in connection with the P2.28-billion Makati building. He was Makati mayor during the first 3 of 5 phases of the project.
Minutes after the charges were filed against Binay, his camp said the former vice president is ready to "clear his name," even as it accused the Ombudsman of partiality in the case.
"Former VP Binay is ready to face his accusers and clear his name in a fair and impartial hearing. The Ombudsman should also be ready to account for her actions in the civil suit now pending before the courts," said Joey Salgado, Binay's spokesperson. (READ: Binay sues Ombudsman, senators for P200M)
Salgado accused the Ombudsman of being a "protector of the Liberal Party" and alleged that the case is meant to divert attention from the complaint filed just last week against former officials of the previous administration, led by former president Benigno Aquino III, over the Disbursement Acceleration Program (DAP).
"Clearly this is a diversionary move intended to shield her political patrons from public indignation," he said.
14 charges have, thus far, been filed against Binay in relation to the architecture and engineering of the Makati parking building II's first 3 phases. Including one charge against members of the Bids and Awards Committee, a total of 23 charges have been filed since the start in relation to the controversial parking building.
Sources at the Office of the Ombudsman said there are at least 14 ongoing preliminary investigations involving the 10-storey Makati Science High School building alleged to be overpriced by over P800 million, and a fact-finding investigation on a Makati hostel. Additional documents are being awaited by the Office of the Ombudsman from the Commission on Audit and the Anti-Money Laundering Council.
Salgado criticized the Ombudsman, saying, "The Ombudsman's fealty to the Constitution and to the public interest has long been compromised by her willingness to be a tool for political ends. It has been established that the Ombudsman violated due process, Constitutional rights and even its own rules to railroad the filing of the complaint. Her undying loyalty to her LP patrons comes at the expense of accountability and respect for the rule of law."
The filing of criminal charges against Binay did not come as a surprise, and had been anticipated after he stepped down from the vice presidency on June 30. Investigations into the carpark building by the Ombudsman started as early as September 2014. In October 2015, the Ombudsman issued a resolution finding probable cause.
In February, the Ombudsman upheld its decision to indict the former vice president, his son dismissed Makati mayor Jejomar Erwin “Junjun” Binay Jr, and 22 others over the alleged overpricing of the Makati City Building II.
In two separate resolutions on 6 docketed cases, the Ombudsman said in February it had jurisdiction to conduct its preliminary investigation that led it to find probable cause to file criminal charges against Binay, his son, and their co-respondents for graft, malversation of public funds, and falsification of public documents in connection with the bidding and construction of the carpark project.
In March this year, the Commission on Audit released the findings of its special 148-page audit report that Binay is administratively liable for grave misconduct, dishonesty and gross inexcusable negligence, graft and corrupt practices in connection with the project.
Binay's legal woes began in July 2014, when Renato L. Bondal and Nicolas "Ching" Enciso VI filed a plunder complaint against him before the Ombudsman in relation to the controversial building.
The building was the subject of a Senate probe that stretched for more than a year, conducted by the Senate blue ribbon subcommittee. It concluded in its report that Binay allegedly milked the building of over P1 billion in kickbacks and recommended the filing of plunder charges against the official.
Binay was the perennial front runner in the presidential race until the Senate inquiry began on August 20, 2014. He finished fourth in this year's presidential election. (READ: Jejomar Binay's impossible dream) – Rappler.com
You can be part of the nation's change. Click here to apply for jobs in the Government.
Two teens are dead and two are in hospital in critical condition after a crash in Joliette, early Monday morning.
Police said the crash happened at around 2 a.m. on Base-de-Roc Boulevard in Joliette.
According to Sûreté du Québec spokesperson Marc Tessier, the driver — a 15-year-old boy — lost control of the vehicle in a curve before smashing into a tree.
READ MORE: Driver involved in 2 collisions arrested for impaired driving in Villeray
Two of the passengers, boys aged 14 and 17, died while two other boys, aged 13 and 16, were rushed to hospital in critical condition.
“They are fighting for their lives,” Tessier said.
The driver suffered only minor injuries.
READ MORE: 12-year-old Brandon boy charged after stolen car ride causes city bus crash
According to Tessier, speed may have been a factor in the deadly crash.
Tessier also said the boy was underage. In Quebec, a driver must be at least 16 years old to obtain a driver's licence.
The vehicle belonged to the parents of one of the teens involved in the collision, but police have yet to specify whose car was used.
The driver was being met by investigators on Monday morning.
He has since been released with a promise to appear in Joliette youth court on Nov. 15.
Tessier said the teen could be charged with dangerous driving causing death and criminal negligence causing death.
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Because you store vegetables in fridges, and you can make a pun, I guess.
This is what the Vegeta fridge ads typically look like, and they've been around for a while without an overt Dragon Ball nods. They have been “Vegeta” as in “vegetables” and not as in Super Saiyan.
But now, no doubt, Toshiba could not resist bringing in you know who.
Advertisement
This isn't the first time Vegeta has been roped in to sell a vegetable type product. Last year, he was selling vegetable ramen.
I wonder what vegetable items Vegeta can sell next year? Hopefully some health drinks.
The Boulder, Colorado-based vinyl curating service Vinyl Me, Please aim its releases more at new vinyl collectors looking for some guidance and order than at established vinyl aficionados and audiophiles interest in provenance purity.
The company began shipping its reissues back in 2013 and has so far attracted around 15,000 subscribers, who for an annual fee of $284 receive by a record a month. That works out to a little under $24 a record. A quarterly $75 subscription is also an option as is, for the super cautious, a month to month $27 trial subscription.
They press on 150 gram and up vinyl from various pressing plants depending upon the release, each of which includes a wraparound folder in which is a commissioned piece of art on heavy stock.
The wraparound includes a poem of sorts, notes on the fold over plus a mixed drink recipe—I'm not kidding.
When the company offered to send me their reissue of Big Bill Broonzy Sings Folk Songs (Folkways Records FA 2328) I took them up on the offer. The Smithsonian owns the Folkways catalog and recently expressed an interest in vinyl reissues so Vinyl Me, Please peruse the catalog and chose well.
Broonzy (real name Lee Conley Bradley) passed away in 1958 at age 65. This record, released in 1962 consists of unreleased studio recordings for Moses Asch's Folkway Records and some songs recorded during a 1956 concert at Northwestern University's Chan Auditorium with Peter Seeger, first broadcast on Chicago's WFMT. By that time he'd been performing for almost forty years.
Broonzy was born in rural Arkansas in 1893 and began his musical career as a fiddler in a black string band. When he moved to Chicago in the 1920's he saw that single artists accompanying themselves on guitar were popular so picked up a guitar and learned to play it. He was sufficiently successful at it to record for Paramount Records, which was the premier blues label of that era.
He was a very popular blues and folk artist in the ‘30's and ‘40s, even playing Carnegie Hall in 1938, where he debuted a new song called “Just A Dream” in which he imagined a black getting a warm White House welcome in the Oval Office by the President. In the song he wakes up, realizing it was “just a dream”. Times have changed far beyond his wildest dream!
After WWII Broonzy toured Europe to appreciative audiences, changing his music to appeal to white politically active audiences Vinyl Me, Please have done an excellent job with the physical package. Anyone owning original Folkways records will find the cover art and packaging authentic down to the matte sepia cover, pebbled black jacket back and black inner sleeve, here plastic lined. Inside is a folded and stapled booklet containing the original notes as well as new ones by Broonzy biographer Bob Riesman in which he describes Broonzy's early ‘60s English television appearances, said to have influenced Pete Townshend, Keith Richards, Ray Davies and Eric Clapton who said watching Bill perform felt “…like I was looking into heaven.”
The songs here include familiar ones like “This Train”, “Bill Bailey”, “John Henry” and “Glory of Love” as well as some that are less well known. These are country blues, beginning with “Backwater Blues”. You can almost hear the crickets chirping.
Maybe you'll hear how Broonzy may have influenced Muddy Waters, who was a fan. In fact, in 1960 Waters recorded for Chess an album called Muddy Waters Sings “Big Bill” (Chess LPS 1444). In 2003 Speakers Corner produced a nicely done reissue mastered by Willem Makkee that's still in print.
This reissue came packaged in a foldover containing a piece of original color artwork by McKenzie Nelson of an abstract “hair” train topped by an old Shure microphone riding on “hair” tracks. The mixed drink is a sidecar: Cointreau, lemon juice and cognac.
The value added by these extras is something you'll have to judge for yourself if you pick this title up or try a trial subscription.
The master tape resided at The Smithsonian and could have been used to cut lacquers, but instead the decision was made to first digitize it. Ridiculous in my opinion, but as you'll see and hear, the mastering engineer did a meticulous job using gear you'll like.
The recorded mono sound quality is pretty good to begin with—especially the studio recordings, which are remarkably transparent— and whatever the digits added or took away doesn't do anything objectionable. However, this one is not about sonic spectacular-ness.
Vinyl Me, Please have done an excellent job with this reissue and when I imagine young subscribers receiving and playing this record, which they otherwise probably would never have heard, it makes me think that Vinyl Me, Please is doing a great thing, surpassed only by the vinyl resurgence itself.
The first YouTube video shows the tape being mastered to digital by Pete Reiniger
The second shows Pete Reiniger approving the test pressing. Dig the playback system your tax dollars have bought. I approve of the spending!
This YouTube is of Studs Turkel interviewing Broonzy in 1953 on WFMT.
Newcastle Jets today confirmed that the club has recruited versatile 18-year-old defender Daniel Alessi on a two-season deal.
Alessi, who has spent the past three seasons with one of the Jets' Hyundai A-League rivals Western Sydney Wanderers, made his professional debut in a high-stakes Sydney Derby in 2014.
The ambitious young defender has appearances for Australia under 20 to his credit, and has also featured for Wanderers in international competition in the past.
Indeed, Alessi played against Asian heavyweights FC Seoul and Guangzhou Evergrande in the 2014 AFC Champions League, and participated in Western Sydney's clash with Algeria's ES Sétif at the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup held in Morocco. During that time Alessi was teammates with current Jets Mateo Poljak, Labinot Haliti, and Daniel Mullen.
“I am excited to move up to Newcastle,” Alessi said. “I met with Scott [Miller] a few weeks ago and I was really impressed with what the club has to offer going forward. I can't wait to put the skills I have learnt as a 16, 17, 18-year-old at the Wanderers into practice in a first team environment again.”
“I have already had a little bit of experience in the A-League and in Asia and I am hungry to impress Scott. I am still young so I obviously have plenty of room for improvement. I know Scott is very good in that aspect, so I am excited to get more experience and show him what I have learnt already.”
Alessi, who can play centrally in defence or at left or right full back, is eager to knuckle down in training and battle the likes of Nigel Boogaard, Daniel Mullen, Jason Hoffman, Lachlan Jackson and Nick Cowburn for a place in the club's backline.
“I think for the team to be successful there needs to be a culture where everyone is pushing for places and everyone is competitive and keeping each other working hard,” he said.
“It's good for young players to be pushing each other for those spots in the backline and spots on the bench.”
Jets Head Coach Miller says Alessi's addition is consistent with the club's vision to recruit young footballers with Hyundai A-League experience and who have already played at Australian representative levels.
“We all look forward to welcoming Daniel into the squad and assisting him in his development as a young footballer here at Newcastle Jets,” Miller said.
Alessi will be one of the club's designated U20 players next season.
Overview Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is classified as a neurodevelopmental condition that usually shows up during early childhood. ADHD can pose many challenges in everyday activities, but many people take comfort in the misconception that children with ADHD are smarter than those without the disorder. The fact is, intelligence and ADHD don't go hand in hand. Some people with ADHD might have higher IQs, but assuming that there's a correlation may be harmful because it can keep your child from getting the help they need.
What is ADHD? ADHD is often diagnosed around the age of 7, but symptoms of the disorder are generally seen before the age of 12. ADHD is best known for causing hyperactive behavior and attention difficulties. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), about 9 percent of U.S. children and 4 percent of adults have the disorder. The reason there are statistical differences is because some adults outgrow the symptoms. It's also more prevalent in boys. Some of the most common symptoms of ADHD are: impatience
constant motion
difficulty sitting still
constant talking
trouble completing tasks
inability to listen or follow directions when given instructions
boredom unless constantly entertained
interrupting other conversations
doing things without thinking (or on impulse)
problems learning concepts and materials at school The National institute of Mental Health (NIMH) also classifies the disorder into three subtypes: predominantly inattentive (more symptoms of inattention exist compared with hyperactivity)
predominantly hyperactive-impulsive
combined hyperactive-impulsive and inattentive (this is the most common form of ADHD) In order to be diagnosed with ADHD, you must exhibit six or more symptoms (though adults may only need to exhibit five or more symptoms for a diagnosis to be made).
ADHD and IQ There is much debate as to whether or not someone with ADHD automatically has a high IQ. There is even more debate as to what such a correlation really means. Depending on the severity of symptoms, ADHD can affect a person's ability to function at school and at work. Everyday tasks can also be difficult. This can give off the impression that such an individual has a low IQ, when this is not necessarily the case. According to a 2010 study published in Psychological Medicine, adults who had both a high IQ and ADHD were found to have overall less cognitive functioning compared to other participants who had a high IQ but not ADHD. A range of verbal, memory, and problem-solving tests were used in the study. One problem with this study, however, is the fact that no other control groups were used. For instance, there were no ADHD-only or low-IQ groups for comparison. On the flip side, many people with ADHD seem to only be able to focus their attention on something they enjoy doing. This can translate well into school or the workforce for some individuals. In such cases, it's not that the IQ is low — it's just that these individuals can only focus on things they care most about. Another report published in a 2011 issue of Psychological Medicine further determined that IQ and ADHD are separate entities. The study claims that IQ can run in families much the same as ADHD, but having a relative with a high IQ doesn't mean another family member with ADHD will have the same IQ.
Possible issues The ADHD diagnostic process can also pose problems when determining whether a child is “smart” or not. There is no one particular test that can accurately diagnose ADHD — instead, the process is based on long-term observations of the possible symptoms. Some other conditions, such as autism or bipolar disorder, might also be mistaken for ADHD. The disorder may also be seen in some children who have learning disabilities, since some people with ADHD have process difficulties. Stimulants, such as Ritalin and Adderall, are the most common medications used to treat ADHD, and are quite effective. A stimulant is helpful in some cases because it's believed that increasing levels of chemicals in the brain helps to increase focus. These drugs may reduce hyperactivity, too. Some people may also experience less impulsivity. Stimulants can make a huge difference for some children who experience school difficulties. The IQs of those who can fully learn and take tests may increase because of their improved ability to focus on tasks involved in formal IQ testing.
The Red-legged Seriema is one of South America's largest terrestrial birds. While it can fly short distances, it prefers to run on its long, powerful legs rather than use its short, stumpy wings. This two week old chick was hatched at SeaWorld Orlando on April 30. The current Seriema population in U.S. zoos is only 62, and the last bird was hatched in 2009, so each hatchling is precious to the population.
SeaWorld Orlando's resident bird expert, Sherry Rodriguez, has been hand-raising the chick and it's doing very well (see photo at bottom). This is a huge commitment -- she takes it home every night for round-the-clock feedings and even uses a feather duster in its brooder (incubator) to simulate the mother bird's feathers.
The central habitat of the Red-legged Seriema is in the grassy, savanna-like cerrados of central Brazil. The species is also found farther south in the grasslands and woodland subtropical areas in southern Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina. The diet of the Seriema is largely animal food, specifically insects, such as grasshoppers, beetles, and spiders but they also enjoy small invertebrates such as lizards, frogs and snakes. Fruits, seeds and leaves are also consumed but are a very small percentage of their diet.
Photo credits: Jason Collier | Photographer, SeaWorld Orlando
The IMF just released a study that analyzed 124 banking crises, and I wish everyone in Congress (well, at least their staffers), the Treasury, and the Fed read the paper. It provides insight into what worked and didn't work in past banking crises, and gives an idea of what we might expect from various policy measures.
I've only skimmed it, and key bits stick out. Page 6:
Existing empirical research has shown that providing assistance to banks and their borrowers can be counterproductive, resulting in increased losses to banks, which often abuse forbearance to take unproductive risks at government expense. The typical result of forbearance is a deeper hole in the net worth of banks, crippling tax burdens to finance bank bailouts, and even more severe credit supply contraction and economic decline than would have occurred in the absence of forbearance. Cross-country analysis to date also shows that accommodative policy measures (such as substantial liquidity support, explicit government guarantee on financial institutions' liabilities and forbearance from prudential regulations) tend to be fiscally costly and that these particular policies do not necessarily accelerate the speed of economic recovery.5 Of course, the caveat to these findings is that a counterfactual to the crisis resolution cannot be observed and therefore it is difficult to speculate how a crisis would unfold in absence of such policies. Better institutions are, however, uniformly positively associated with faster recovery.
Now of course, one can argue that the IMF is biased and this paper is merely a defense of the cold-water remedies it imposed in the Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998, which produced a great deal of dislocation (business failures, rises in unemployment, riots, changes in government). But one reason the US would not suffer as badly is that we have the reserve currency. In Indonesia and Thailand, what made a bad situation worse was that companies had borrowed in foreign currencies, so that when the home currency plunged in value, the debt burden rose sharply, sinking a lot of businesses.
The paper contains other useful warnings that appear to be getting little heed. For instance:
All too often, central banks privilege stability over cost in the heat of the containment phase: if so, they may too liberally extend loans to an illiquid bank which is almost certain to prove insolvent anyway. Also, closure of a nonviable bank is often delayed for too long, even when there are clear signs of insolvency (Lindgren, 2003). Since bank closures face many obstacles, there is a tendency to rely instead on blanket government guarantees which, if the government's fiscal and political position makes them credible, can work albeit at the cost of placing the burden on the budget, typically squeezing future provision of needed public services.
And this:
Special bank restructuring agencies are often set up to restructure distressed banks (in 48 percent of crises) and asset management companies (AMC) have been set up in 60 percent of crises to manage distressed assets. Asset management companies tend to be centralized rather than decentralized. Examining the cases where AMCs were used, we find that the use of AMCs is positively correlated with peak non-performing loans and fiscal costs, with correlation coefficients of about 15 percent in both cases. These correlations may suggest some degree of ineffectiveness in AMC's, at least in those episodes where asset management companies were established. In line with these simple correlations we find Klingebiel (2000) who studies 7 crises where asset management companies were used and concludes that they were largely ineffective.
So much for the idea that taxpayers might show a profit.
We have been advocating direct recapitlization of banks, and the research finds that even though it has larger up-front costs than some other options, economies that go this route fare better:
Another important policy used in the resolution phase of banking crises is recapitalization of banks. In 32 out of the 42 selected crisis episodes, banks were recapitalized by the government. Recapitalization costs constitute the largest fraction of fiscal costs of banking crises and takes many forms…. On average, the net recapitalization cost to the government (after deducting recovery proceeds from the sale of assets) amounts to 6.0 percent of GDP across crisis countries in the sample, though in the case of Indonesia it reaches as high as 37.3 percent of GDP. Recapitalizations seem to be associated with lower output losses. The correlation between recapitalizations and output losses is about -15 percent. A rationale behind this correlation is presented in Valencia (2008), who shows—in a rational expectations bank model—how a persistent credit crunch can generate significant output losses, following a shock to bank capital. Therefore, by replenishing banks' capital, the supply of credit returns to normal sooner and the output losses become smaller.
These programs DO NOT pay for themselves:
Fiscal costs, net of recoveries, associated with crisis management can be substantial, averaging about 13.3 percent of GDP on average, and can be as high as 55.1 percent of GDP. Recoveries of fiscal outlays vary widely as well, with the average recovery rate reaching 18 percent of gross fiscal costs
As we have suggested, there is no free lunch:
There appears to be a negative correlation between output losses and fiscal costs, suggesting that the cost of a crisis is paid either through fiscal costs or larger output losses.
The New York Times' Dealbook discusses a Merrill Lynch write-up of the IMF report:
Investigatory Powers Act: UK government quietly launched ‘assault on freedom' while distracting people, say campaigners behind legal challenge BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Investigatory Powers Act is an “assault on freedom” quietly passed by the British government while people were afraid and distracted, according to campaigners. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/technology/investigatory-powers-act-uk-government-quietly-launched-assault-on-freedom-while-distracting-people-say-campaigners-behind-legal-challenge-35356780.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35242511.ece/1a5fc/AUTOCROP/h342/spy-snoop.jpg
Email
The Investigatory Powers Act is an “assault on freedom” quietly passed by the British government while people were afraid and distracted, according to campaigners.
Weekly Business Digest Newsletter
Campaign group Liberty is requesting a High Court judicial review of the wide-ranging new spying tactics in the Investigatory Powers Act.
That law was passed at the end of last year and gives spies – and a range of other organisations including the Food Standards Agency – the power to see anyone's entire internet history, alongside other unprecedented rules.
The Liberty challenge will focus on bulk powers, which let intelligence agencies collect up huge amount of data in case it needs to be used in future, meaning that people not under investigation have their information watched.
Read more
Liberty director Martha Spurrier said: “Last year, this Government exploited fear and distraction to quietly create the most extreme surveillance regime of any democracy in history.
“Hundreds of thousands of people have since called for this act's repeal because they see it for what it is – an unprecedented, unjustified assault on our freedom.”
Liberty's challenge is just the latest attack on the new law. Last month, a case at the European Court of Justice found that the “general and indiscriminate” retention of communications data empowered under the bill was illegal, and the Government has faced requests to change the bill.
The Investigatory Powers Act was first introduced a year ago, and aims to bring the many laws and regulations governing how spies work under one legal umbrella.
But it has been repeatedly criticised by privacy campaigners, security experts, tech companies and politicians, who have argued that the powers extend too far. The Government has argued that those laws are needed to fight terrorism and other crimes.
Security minister Ben Wallace said: “The Investigatory Powers Act protects both our privacy and our security.
“Far from being passed quietly, the Act underwent unprecedented parliamentary scrutiny before becoming law.
“It was also the result of three independent reports, all of which concluded a new law was needed. The Act was passed with cross-party support and is the will of Parliament.
“The independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, David Anderson QC, found that the ability to collect data in bulk is a crucial tool used by the security and intelligence agencies to generate intelligence about threats that cannot be acquired by more targeted means.
“We will vigorously defend these vital powers that help to keep our families, communities and country safe.”
While a number of experts did recommend that new laws were passed – and new legislation had to be passed because the existing regulation would soon expire – the law has been criticised by a range of experts and by parliamentary bodies.
Independent News Service
ADVERTISEMENT
Corporations folded as soon as the U.S. government came calling with little more than a one-page court-order in hand. They willingly turned over millions of bits of information about their foreign customers, most of them having at most a tiny connection to the nexus of intelligence that might be valuable to policy-makers.
Until Article II of the Constitution is amended away, Americans declare themselves citizens of the world, or the real and direct threats from nuclear proliferation, transnational crime cartels, and terrorism recede, the U.S. won't unilaterally dismantle its global surveillance leviathan. That's a fact Americans should, on balance, accept.
Still, the disclosures by Edward Snowden demonstrated even to the NSA's defenders that the agency boxed above its weight, ignoring or minimizing the political and diplomatic ramifications of its actions, often because the president and policy-makers didn't know which questions to ask, and, indeed, didn't even know to ask questions.
If anyone figures out the right way to integrate democratic, humanist values with intelligence collection, they deserve a Nobel prize. It's an excruciatingly hard problem.
The Kapersky Lab's disclosure provides a paradigm for pushing back. In a report published Monday, the Russia security software company said it had discovered that a government entity, most likely the NSA, had implanted intelligence collection sensors inside the hard drives of virtually every type of popular computer on earth. The implants they found inside the coding for the firmware itself, akin to manipulating DNA instructions on the molecular level.
This means that the NSA likely had help from the corporations that build the hard drives and USB devices in question, because they'd have no access to the source code otherwise, according to Reuters. It opens up the possibility that the NSA used an American company's cooperation with a foreign company on projects as an invitation to steal the American company's proprietary information, too, even though U.S. law explicitly prohibits this type of covert operation.
We've seen corporations, until very recently, roll over when the NSA comes calling. They were afraid of legal sanctions. They were afraid of being labeled as anti-patriotic. They were afraid of exposure to lawsuits. Internet providers like Yahoo and Microsoft didn't challenge government surveillance orders until after parts of the the programs themselves were exposed.
Big corporations aren't often a vehicle for holding powerful interests accountable — but on the NSA, they can. Kapersky's research shows what happens when corporations don't roll over. Only corporations have the resources to fight back against surveillance orders they think might be overly broad. They have the money, the lawyers, the ability to marshal public support. And Kapersky's disclosures show us that they have the technical expertise, too, to bring to the fore the secrets that the government will prosecute its employees for disclosing.
Kapersky's work also gives companies and individuals some suggestions for how to rid themselves of the malware. They've effectively provided a check on the NSA's power. I don't doubt, based on Kapersky's own analysis, that the computers and systems targeted here help the U.S. government learn more about the intentions of Russia, Iran, Iraq, Pakistan and China, or that the number of computers with deep infections was (or is) small and limited to people who could reasonably be expected to provide intelligence value. The NSA isn't stupid, and there are many reasons to think that the intel is very valuable.
But this type of non-sanctioned check on government power is just very important. It helps remind the NSA leviathan why it needs to be careful, and more tailored, in how it exercises its authorities and uses its technology. It is informal, not formal, and that makes it more satisfying, more enduring even, than any legislation Congress produces.
It never ceases to amaze me: just when I think I've seen every possible permutation of an artform or technique—be it figurative sculpture, stop motion animation, or in this case, high speed photography—somebody comes along and manages to do something radically different. German photographer Heinz Maier says that he began taking photographs less than a year ago in late 2010. He claims to not know what direction he's heading in just yet, right now he's experimenting with macro photography, mostly insects, animals, and these delicate high speed water droplets. Personally, I think he's found a great direction. There are so many things happening here to make these photographs simply outstanding: the lighting, the colors, the occasional use of symmetry in the reflection of water, let alone the skill of knowing how to use the camera itself. It's hard to believe these aren't digital. See much more of his work here.
Share this story
Every now and then someone finds out that nontransitive dice exist and is surprised by this fact. I in turn am always kinda surprised that their existence is surprising.
Why? Well, basically I don't expect things to be transitive. Transitivity is a very nice property. When the universe hands you a transitive (total) property it's basically saying “Hey, here. You're in luck. The decision problem on this is easy, so you can spend your time worrying about other things”. The universe is a bit of a dick, so I don't really expect it to do that very often.
So what is transitivity? Transitivity basically says “If A is better than B and B is better than C then A is better than C”. So something is nontransitive if you can find A, B and C where A is better than B, B is better than C and C is better than A.
In particular, nontransitive dice are a set of dice A,B,C such that if you roll pairs of them and the one with the highest score wins, A will consistently beat B which will consistently beat C which will consistently beat A.
They're quite neat, but their existence shouldn't be surprising. This is basically a post about how you might go about constructing non-transitive dice if all you had was an inclination that they might exist. Hopefully by the time you get to the end of it you should find the fact that they exist as unsurprising as I do.
We're going to start with something apparently unrelated: An example of non-transitivity which is especially dear to my heart. Condorcet's Paradox.
What is Condorcet's Paradox? It's the following:
Suppose you run a voting system in which each voter ranks each candidate in order of preference. That is, a vote looks something like “A,B,C” to mean “I prefer A to both B and C and I prefer B to C”.
Given votes cast like this, it is possible to find yourself in a situation where the majority of people prefer A to B, B to C and C to A (where “prefer” here means “ranked higher”). i.e. even though each individual vote gave a transitive ordering of the candidates, the majority preference does not.
How is this possible? Well, lets see if we can construct a simple example.
Well, first lets convince ourselves that this is impossible with only two voters:
The only way two voters can have a majority of preference is if they both agree on an ordering.
So if A is preferred by the majority to B and B is preferred to the majority by C then both voters have ranked A ahead of B and B ahead of C. This means that also both voters have ranked A ahead of C, and so A is preferred to C.
So it's impossible with two voters. Can we do it with three?
Well, in the same way as with two voters, if we have a unanimous preference between two candidates this isn't going to work. So if this can possible work, for each pair we need to have two voters ranking it one way and one ranking it the other. So lets start with how the votes should look for A and B.
A,B
A,B
B,A
Now we need to figure out a way to insert C into the rankings in order to make this work.
We need to put C after B twice. If we do this for both the A,B votes then we'll have A and B both preferred to C, which we don't want, but we have to do it for one of them, which means we need one vote which is “A,B,C”. We also need to do it for the third vote, so this must look like either “B,C,A” or “B,A,C”.
We're now down to few enough possibilities that we can just try things and see if they work. Let's try B,C,A.
So we have two votes:
A,B,C
B,C,A
And one which is either A,C,B or C,A,B (because we need C to be before B in this ranking). We want C to be preferred to A in order to get non-transitivity, and they're currently tied, so we need to have C before A, so this has to be C,A,B.
So our votes are now:
A,B,C
B,C,A
C,A,B
Our tallies now look like:
A is preferred to B because votes 1 and 3 put it before B.
B is preferred to C because votes 1 and 2 put it before C.
C is preferred to A because votes 2 and 3 put it before A.
So we do indeed have A preferred to B preferred to C preferred to A.
I regard Condorcet's Paradox as basically the protoexample of intransitivity: I find that 9 times out of 10 if you have an intransitive relation you can construct an example that looks like Condorcet's Paradox.
Let's see how to do that with our dice:
We're going to construct dice which basically look like voters.
Specifically each of our dice will have opposite sides marked with the same value, so they can take only three distinct values. We will label these values “Low, Medium and High”. Values may be in the range 1-9, with low values being 1-3, medium being 4-6 and high being 7-9.
The idea of our construction is that any high roll will beat any medium or low roll, etc. Further each die rolls low, medium or high with equal probability. So the only thing that determines the winner will be which one wins when they have the same value type. These categories low, medium and high will be our voters 1, 2 and 3, and one die will beat another most of the time if and only if the majority of voters rank it more highly.
So we want:
Low: A,B,C
Medium: B,C,A
High: C,A,B
Thus A will beat B if we roll low or high. B will beat C if we roll low or medium. C will beat A if we roll medium or high.
Conveniently, we have constructed our categories with three values each, so all we need to do is assign each of those values to a different die to get the ranking.
So:
A takes the values 3,4 and 8 (best low, the worst medium, middle high)
B takes the values 2,6,7 (middle low, the best medium, the worst high)
C takes the values 1,5,9 (worst low, middle medium, the best high)
And we get the desired result: On a category tie, A will beat B two thirds of the time, B will beat C two thirds of the time and C will beat Two thirds of the time.
We didn't deliberately try for it, but it's also worth noting that these all have the same expected score: 3 + 4 + 8 = 2 + 6 + 7 = 1 + 5 + 9 = 15. So they all have an expected score of 5.
As a side note, the actual victory chances are much lower than this: A tie will only happen a third of the time, and the rest of the time each die wins exactly half the time, so the real advantage is \(\frac{1}{3} \times \frac{2}{3} + \frac{2}{3} \times \frac{1}{2} = \frac{5}{9}\). So they will win more than half the time (just shy of 56% of the time), but not by much.
So there we have it. Non-transitive dice. This isn't the only way you can get them – you can make it work with only the normal values 1 to 6 for example – but it's probably the simplest example to understand, and now that we've shown that it's possible the rest is just optimising for specific details.
On November 4, the Digital Finance Research Center of Peking University hosted the second annual “Age for China in Digital Finance” conference. Yao Qian, director of the Digital Currency Research Institute of the People's Bank of China (PBoC), attended the meeting and said that digital fiat currency is the cornerstone of the development of the digital economy and they will boost the digital economy from 4 aspects.
Yao pointed out:
Pushing forward the deep integration of the Internet with the real economy, speeding up the digitization and intellectualization of traditional industries and developing digital economy are the homeopathic measures for the Chinese economy in a new era.
Yao said that it is great significance to speeding up the research of digital fiat currency and the development of the digital economy.
If we say that finance is the core and backbone of the modern economy and the real economy, currency is the key of the economic core and the blood of the economic backbone. The digital fiat currency is the jewel on the Fin-tech Crown, and will enormously impact the future financial system.
First, it will help improve the quality and efficiency of the digital economy. For instance, digital fiat currency can be used in disbursement of funds by instantly P2P paid and settled, conveniently and quickly, without intermediate reconciliation, liquidation and settlement processes. It can be executed automatically, reducing payment costs and errors and improving payment efficiency.
Second, it can help promote shared digital economy. The digital fiat currency can use digital technology to increase the coverage of financial services in rural areas, remote areas and disadvantaged groups and provide them with a range of suitable and responsible financial services including payment, credit, insurance, securities, financial planning and so on.
Third, it will help the macro-control of the digital economy. Yao believed that the traceability and related technical properties of digital fiat currencies allow the central bank to track and monitor the circulation of digital currencies and obtain holographic information on currency.
On this basis, the central bank can identify the individual behavior of the economy through big data analysis techniques, enhance the predictability, accuracy and effectiveness of monetary control through grasping the macroscopic from microcosmic, and effectively improve the “dual pillar” regulation of monetary policy and macroprudential policy and frame.
Fourth, it helps to prevent digital economy risks. Yao pointed out that, through statutory digital currency flow on the capture of economic information flow and analysis based on big data, the micro-dynamic behavior of the economy can be monitored in time, the regulatory coverage can be extended, the risk data can be aggregated extensively to build an efficient, real-time and intelligent risk monitoring system and a early warning and management system. Both them can improve the efficiency of macroprudential supervision and effectively prevent financial systemic risks.
In addition, the digital fiat currency can also support anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and anti-tax evasion in digital economy.
In GTM Research's recent report, Grid-Scale Energy Storage in North America 2013: Applications, Technologies and Suppliers, we identify the most promising geographic markets and segments for storage. The following report excerpt identifies three U.S. markets poised for growth.
California
California's electrical grid system is undergoing massive change, and these changes will create opportunities for energy storage. Unprecedented amounts of intermittent wind and solar are being added to the system. At the same time, over 16,000 megawatts of gas-fired power plants that use once-thru cooling technology must be repowered or retired. And an increasing proportion of California's generation fleet will exceed its design life and will need to be retired simply due to old age.
In June 2013, Southern California Edison announced that it will close its San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (SONGS) plant permanently, nine years before the expiration of the facility's operating license. Closure of this plant reduces generation capacity in California to tighter levels overnight. That could help accelerate the use of storage for peak power substitution as an alternative to fossil peakers, because storage can be built quickly and produces zero air emissions. A shortage of flexible capacity further supports opportunities for energy storage.
California still has excess generating capacity, but does not have excess flexible capacity. Flexible resources are generation resources whose operations can be controlled to quickly start up, shut down, and ramp power output up or down as needed by the grid. More flexible resources will be needed to support large increases in intermittent renewable assets. In part, this is because dispatching out-of-market marginal generators to provide upward ramping capacity can be expensive. For example, during the morning ramp-up, when many generators hit their maximum up-ramp limits, there is often insufficient ramping capacity on the grid. In order to obtain 30 megawatts of upward ramping capability, a 200-megawatt out-of-market generator might need to be dispatched. In contrast, 30 megawatts of fast-responding storage could do the job just as well, if not better.
California's ramping problem will worsen as more variable renewable energy sources are added to the system. In response, the CAISO is developing a flexible ramping product called “Flexiramp” through a stakeholder process. The CAISO proposal will create a short-term energy market for resources that can increase or decrease production (i.e., ramp up or down) in five-minute increments. The structure of the Flexiramp tariff may favor certain types of flexible resources like demand response and energy storage over fossil-based resources.
If it is adopted, load-serving entities would be required to procure capacity resources that are considered to be flexible. Energy storage will need to compete against existing generation resources that have been partially or fully depreciated, as well as DR resources that can be quite cost-effective in their own right. We expect storage will have a large role to play in providing flexible ramping capacity, especially in consideration of California's 33 percent RPS goal.
If it was a separate country, California would have the 8th largest economy in the world. It represents enormous market potential for energy storage. The governor and the staffs of the CPUC, CAISO, and CEC and CARB are favorable to storage, as is the California Legislature. State legislation that encourages the development and commercialization of energy storage includes the following:
Energy Storage Procurement Targets (AB 2514)
RPS Legislation (SB X1-2)
Self-Generation Incentive Program: SGIP (SB 412, AB1150)
Smart Grid Systems (SB 17)
Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 (AB 32)
Solar Energy System Incentives: CSI (SB 1)
Texas
Texas consumes more energy than any other state in the U.S. Because of its large industrial base, Texas is highly energy-intensive. It uses 30 percent more electric power than California even though it has 30 percent less population. More than 10,000 megawatts of intermittent wind generation has been installed so far, and $6.7 billion of investment in new transmission infrastructure is expected to allow that to nearly double by 2020.
The Texas PUC and ERCOT realize that storage may be critical to integrating these new levels of nondispatchable power into the ERCOT grid. In 2005, energy storage was made eligible for electric utility rebates under Standard Offer Programs, which pay incentives based upon the amount of capacity actually reduced. In 2009, the New Technology Implementation Grant program was established at the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. This grant includes funding for energy storage projects related to renewable energy.
As noted, market rules have been revised to facilitate storage interconnections and reduce the cost of operating a storage facility by allowing storage to charge at cheaper wholesale energy rates. ERCOT also initiated a pilot program for Fast Responding Regulation Service (FRRS), ERCOT's version of FERC Order 755.
In 2011, the Texas Energy Storage Association (TESA) helped get a bill passed to clarify that storage resources participating in the wholesale market have the same rights as generators with regard to interconnection and transmission access. This law, SB 943, is critical to energy storage project developers because in ERCOT territory, transmission utilities are responsible for the cost of interconnection, not project developers.
In 2013, TESA successfully advocated for a bill to establish energy storage projects in non-attainment areas as a form of pollution-control property. That designation would allow local taxing entities to grant a property tax exemption for storage projects. HB 2712 passed, but was narrowed in scope to cover one proposed project. As more storage projects are proposed, TESA plans to lobby for expansion of the exemption to those new projects.
Unlike most parts of the United States, Texas is chronically short on reserve capacity. The ERCOT ISO forecasts that Texas will fall below its target reserve capacity margin in 2014 or 2015. In combination with the positive market rule and legislative changes mentioned, this reserve capacity shortage should drive many attractive opportunities for both thermal and electricity storage to help shift loads from on-peak to off-peak in order to reduce summer air conditioning loads.
Hawaii and Puerto Rico
From an economic standpoint, islands are a very beneficial place to apply energy storage, as they almost always lack indigenous natural gas or oil resources and must import one or both at high cost. Puerto Rico and Hawaii, for example, generate most of their power using diesel-based generators. This results in high electricity costs at both the wholesale and retail levels. Storage can be used to help mitigate those high costs.
Many island economies are installing wind and solar to reduce their dependence on diesel fuel. The intermittency of renewable assets causes energy balancing problems within small systems, especially since most of these resources are interconnected at lower distribution voltages where rapid changes in generation output can create havoc for customers served by the same line. Energy storage can also solve those problems.
For example, Hawaii Electric Company requires that new wind turbines maintain their ramp rates below 1 to 2 megawatts per minute (the precise value varies by season and time of day). Practically speaking, since no natural gas is available that could be used to fuel simple-cycle gas generators, the resources being installed to solve the ramp rate problem are energy storage. But storage can do a lot more than mitigate ramp rates on wind farms.
Storage is being used in Hawaii to reduce wind curtailment and the total cost of producing power. Most of the savings achieved in these scenarios do not result from replacing constant-cost diesel-fired generation with wind generation. Rather, the savings derive from improving the operational efficiency of the conventional generating units that comprise the island's generation fleet. Beyond what is needed to correct ramp rate problems, extra storage is installed to provide spinning reserve capacity. This allows the system operator to reduce the amount of spinning reserve being provided by inefficient single-cycle units. The amount of spinning reserve provided by more efficient combined-cycle units may also decrease, allowing those units to operate at higher, more efficient levels.
***
Learn more about the Grid-Scale Energy Storage Market in North America report here.
The game involves a dramatic storyline conveying mankind's mistakes and associated consequences with a deep plot structure demanding complexities, and multi-faceted decision-making.
All of these elements are constructed around the unique game mechanics of a realistic, hardcore RPG built with co-op in mind. We provide the player with:
Non-linear quests with a number of gameplay scenarios, mini-games, puzzles and Easter eggs
Points of no return situations
Branching dialog system
A social reputation system and karma affecting the actions of other characters and factions
Multiple resources and skills to combine
A powerful crafting system
Vast character customization
InSomnia blends unprecedented player freedom with an epic storyline, rich and dramatic dialog, combined with contemporary graphics and realistic combat in a dynamic world that is acutely responsive to the actions of the player.
InSomnia has an unusual look: a mix of retro-futurism and dieselpunk with elements of Art Deco. The result is a dark, grim world filled with danger and dread. Well-known artists Adrian Smith, Nikolay Eliseyev and John Liew are an integral part of the InSomnia team and are responsible for the game's unique look.
The storyline will be split into seasons (years). Each season will include 4-5 free campaigns (chapters) interconnected by the plot. Each chapter has 3-6 hours of gameplay. We're currently busy working on the first season. We are planning on issuing five seasons on the release date, including more than 20 free separate chapters—unfolding the story of this grandiose journey from beginning to end.
The narration then happens in real time. Every 2-3 months, a new chapter will be released featuring unique “points of no return” and complex decision-making that will affect the storyline. Your actions will define both the fate of certain characters and the destiny of whole factions, while the location and time will continue to change. Prepare to face the unexpected consequences of your decisions; the fate of The Ark's residents is in your hands!
The majority of the main campaign will take place aboard the colossal half-abandoned space station known as The Ark as it relentlessly makes its way across the galaxy. This grandiose facility has its own closed ecosystem capable of supporting and transporting millions of inhabitants, although most of the station has been mysteriously abandoned during the past four centuries.
The rusting iron jungles of The Ark hold a lot of secrets, some of which you must travel in to the past to uncover… In these past missions you will discover the native planet of the Nomans several months prior to the Exodus aboard The Ark. Take an active role in the last battles between the Army of the Noma Republic and the SORG Regime among the dying embers of a once great civilization.
On this dying planet you will try to uncover the answers to many questions amid the chaos of the “Last War”, including the real reasons behind the brutal conflict between the Noma Republic and SORG Regime and what ultimately awaits you at the Evacuation Point.
InSomnia is moving beyond a class system. Your character will grow organically: The more you use a skill, the more it develops. As players gain skills, they can choose different perks and abilities that compliment that particular skill resulting in unique character sets. Other innovations include negative perks (think of them as “battle scars”) that need to be overcome or minimized along the player's journey.
Skills include Combat (handguns, ballistics, close combat, heavy weaponry) and Vocational (mechanics, electricity, medicine, survival). Each skill contains several specializations to choose from; for example, you may pick “First Aid” in the “Medicine” skill tree or go for “Anatomy knowledge,” which will allow you to deal additional damage (including critical hits). It will not be possible to learn all the available skills, so you'll need to carefully choose which abilities make a better fit for your character's goals and/or Faction.
Developing an engaging, ergonomic combat system has always been one of the top priorities for our team. Our combat system is largely based on the real-time actions and tactics. The success of a battle primarily depends on understanding the internal game dynamics—where every action, skill or movement takes time. A thoughtful action can be more effective—and hence more time-consuming: A powerful blow would cause more damage, but it can be intercepted by a fast jab. During a fight, a character gets tired when stamina is depleted—and combat efficiency suffers. Players need to keep stamina at maximum by alternating actions and rest to avoid collapsing from exhaustion.
Much depends on the properly selected outfit. The inventory is limited. Even several cartridges in the inventory have specific weights—needless to mention a heavy machine gun—so you need to be careful when filtering the inventory contents.
You can put on heavy armor—which will protect you against most blows but will limit your ability to move freely. You will get tired faster and healing yourself in heavy armour gets rather complicated. It's up to you to decide whether to become a slow, heavily-armored warrior with the ability to cast one or two heavy blows—or be an agile character relying on speed and freedom of movement.
The game features a variety of weaponry, with each type having its own dynamic quality. One type might be effective against the heavily armored but too slow against fast targets. Another may deal damage quickly but be virtually useless on armor
Not only do you need to try and survive against aggressive mobs, but you also face danger from extreme fatigue, environmental injuries, hunger and sleep deprivation. To stay alive you must be alert at all times, even when not engaged in combat.
There is a lot of hardcore content in the game with the commensurate rewards attached. These missions will be optional and will not tie in to the main plot of the game, but those who love a challenge will have plenty to do. Risk versus reward!
In the world of InSomnia you will face a multitude of enemies. Somniacs/Mutants, automated turrets, gangs of marauders, the space station's own security system and many more. You may also encounter the army of Noma (Ordinates), the battle hardened and tough-to-beat Agents of the Committee or the golems of the SORG army along with their creators. Remember, you are not a ‘superman' - most enemies are incredibly strong – so choose your fights wisely
InSomnia will be balanced so that you'll always want more. It will be difficult, sure . . . but not impossible. We're committed to making the game challenging—but never unfair. Everything that you acquire in InSomnia (e.g., currency, experience, equipment) will be earned fair and square—giving you a true sense of achievement.
The primary goal of the Sandbox portion of the game is to make being present in the world of InSomnia engaging in itself, i.e. - provide players with high quality, multi-faceted gameplay to satisfy them in between plot related campaigns. The NPC's the player will encounter will be engaged in their own day-to-day tasks, reacting to the changes in the environment and have their own problems that will be placed before the player from time to time. In short, the Sandbox is a living world where the player will always find something interesting to enjoy.
The game also features a system of randomly generated events and missions, along with a crafting and resource management system which includes Medicine, Survival, Mechanics, Electronics and Chemistry. The player will have an opportunity to create, repair, improve or modify items or dismantle them for parts. The outfit and character customization system allows editing the exterior and specs of virtually any item in the game.
InSomnia is a completely independent project involving development professionals from across the globe including Russia, USA, Malaysia, Poland, Lithuania, Netherlands and Japan. We are all united by a vision of creating a great RPG – the game of our dreams, something we can all be proud of – and so have been investing everything we have creatively in to this project. Two years ago, Studio MONO was established by just two people who started working on this ambitious project. Today, the studio, its vision and InSomnia have all grown and continue to grow.
We have learnt much over these two years, but in order to move forward we need the support of the gaming community to make this project a reality. There is more work to come, but we are convinced that with your help we will succeed!
For three years, we have invested our artistic resources and our own cash into this project. Most team members can only work onduring their free time—which is very tough on them and their families. We are incredibly proud of the current state of, but its complexity will require us to multiply our development speed by a factor of three (or even four!) in order to complete it. We are investing our own money into the game, and we're ready to continue to do so— but we won't be able to carry the entire financial burden. For example, all of us will need to leave our current jobs to devote all of our time to the project very soon. We hereby appeal to independently-minded RPG fans like you to support the development and completion of. If the community shows the world that InSomnia has earned the right to exist, it shall be so. Thanks from all of us at Studio MONO!
Downloadable soundtrack Add-on - Every backer from the $15 tier and up can add an additional $5 to their current pledge to get an extra download code for a digital copy of the InSomnia soundtrack
Additonal digital copy of the game - Every backer from the $15 tier and up can add an additional $10 to their current pledge to receive a second digital copy of the game. Gift it to one of your friends so that you can both enjoy InSomnia!
Limited Edition T-shirt - Every backer from the $15 tier and up can add an additional $35 to get a Limited Edition T-shirt that will be exclusive to backers that pledge for it as an add-on. This T-shirt won't be made available anywhere else, and since we love to hear from you, we'll put 3 designs up for vote so that backers can pick the one design we'll do. Free shipping for backers in the US. You will need to add an extra $15 for shipping costs if your reward does not include shipment already (So $50 total per Limited Edition T-Shirt for backers outside of the US).
(T-Shirts design concepts will be revealed in a future updates, this one are not the final design)
And to make it easier for everyone, we will ask each backer in the survey about what the extra funds pledged (on top of your reward tier) are for.
Come September, in just three months, the State of Israel is likely to find itself facing a diplomatic onslaught of a totally new kind. If one believes Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, that month the representatives of the world's nations at the United Nations will be discussing whether to recognize Palestine as a state, as a unilateral step without negotiations with Israel.
U.S. President Barack Obama made that scenario all the more likely with his speech to the world supporting the establishment of a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders. Whether Israel is about to encounter a totally new reality or whether it's just another milestone in the political process that changes nothing, the international and local press are following the issue keenly.
The Twitter homepage of Wikileaks. AP
The closer the date of the unilateral declaration approaches, the more the denizens of Internet are coming to life, promoting their opinions with ever-accelerating urgency. Their battle zone is the social media. You can see it in the Facebook statuses - for and against, in Twitter messages and in protest video clips on YouTube. The nearer September approaches, and with it the UN debate, the more this online activity is likely to escalate. But don't think the State of Israel is leaving the battlefield to the amateurs.
"We are intensively preparing ahead of September," says Chaim Shacham, head of the information and Internet department at the Foreign Ministry. Think of him as the Israeli government's tweeter.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor adds: "We all expect something to happen in September. We don't know what yet, but clearly there's going to be some sort of diplomatic development. We have our finger on the pulse in terms of the social media too."
Preparation involves constantly monitoring the blogs, tweets and insofar as possible, Facebook entries too, though many posts are closed to the general public (available only to specific "friends" ) and cannot be monitored.
Facebook is a social networking website. It is operated and privately owned by Facebook, a company founded by Mark Zuckerberg. Anybody can create a Facebook page: a person, a company or the Foreign Ministry of Israel. Facebook users have a degree of control over who may access their information, maitaining a modicum of privacy, or they can let it all hang out.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
TheMarker: When you find a tweet, Facebook status or post against Israel, what do you do?
Palmor: "We have formulated some arguments that are relevant to what's going to happen in September, even if we don't know exactly what it will be. We began disseminating these arguments and statements, backed by links to documents and articles, among the relevant bloggers and social media members. From our perspective we've already begun the battle over publicity, though formally, nothing has begun. Our main argument is 'Palestinian state yes, but only through direct negotiations.' In events that we have to truncate the message to fewer characters, we say, 'Let's talk'."
Lessons from the flotilla fiasco
The Foreign Ministry built up its social media activity after the excruciating flop of the Israeli digital media response following the Turkish flotilla to Gaza, which again taught a lesson about the strength of the Internet community in the Arab world.
Surfers used the social websites as a key media tool to bring down the Egyptian government. The Internet is also central to fomenting unrest in Iran and Arab nations. On Nakba Day two weeks ago, social media were also central to disseminating messages and organizing the boundary breach between Israel and Syria, right under the noses of Israeli army officers, not to mention the Foreign Ministry's top brass.
"After the days of the [Mavi] Marmara flotilla, we learned lessons from Israel's response in the media, including our activity on social media," says Palmor. "One clear conclusion was that no explanations - not in the old media or in the new - will change minds among the hard core of opponents. There are groups and organizations whose activists are impermeable to arguments, not legal ones or economic ones or moral ones. Unfortunately, these people are intensely active in the social media, where they disseminate their messages."
If that's your main conclusion, what is your working plan based on?
"We will go into battle over public opinion," answers Palmor. "It is clear to us that messages that pass through the social media need to be simpler, to be based on elements with international authority. For instance, it isn't enough to say there's a maritime blockade - we have to explain where it can be under international law. Since the explanation is a complex legal one, which contradicts the simplicity of messages by Twitter or Facebook, we have to distill the complex messages in a more accessible way, and send links to legal sources."
What importance and weight does the Foreign Ministry ascribe to social media activity?
"Since nobody's going to give me 10 minutes on CNN to explain the legal and diplomatic background of our moves, the right way to reach people interested in the subject is through the social media," Palmor says. "There I can present our positions in a number of languages, and hope enough people disseminate it onward. We ascribe great weight to the social media and take its seriously. It enables us to present highly complex and sensitive issues, and the key word is dialogue. Conversation."
Do you enter dialogues with people who write against Israel?
Palmor: "We try to answer people who can be talked with. For instance, we have a Facebook page in Arabic. We don't just upload diplomatic messages, but also 'soft stories' about developments in aviation and technology in Israel, culture, medicine, information about international aid that Israel provides. On some status reports and posts we get as many as 3,000 responses each, some of which are negative. We delete the ones with foul language but do allow legitimate responses and comments. With those, a ping-pong of responses develops. The difficulty is to locate the responses appropriate for response by the State of Israel."
72,000 hostile fans
The information and Internet division at the ministry headed by Shacham has 10 people, some of whom are external consultants. They run websites in Hebrew, English, Arabic, Russian and Persian. Its budget in 2011 amounted to NIS 3 million, not including the wages of the unit's seven state employees.
Its two most recent appointments handle the Facebook and Twitter accounts. Apparently not irrespective of September, they're polishing Foreign Ministry Facebook pages. Recently a Facebook page went online that provides links to all the Facebook pages of Israel's embassies and representations around the world: facebook.com/IsraelMFA. The ministry also runs official state Facebook pages in several languages, including facebook.com/IsraelArabic, which has 72,000 "fans" - not quite the word, really, considering that most posters are pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel.
"Altogether the Foreign Ministry has about 100 Facebook pages, including the activities of the embassies around the world and the 'Israel at the UN' page," says Shacham. Most are run by the relevant embassies and institutions, with guidance from the ministry.
The ministry's Facebook activity isn't confined to the official pages. As the ministry spokesman, Palmor's personal page creates interesting situations for him. Some months ago he wrote a status about comments by the Norwegian foreign minister, and in response found himself interviewed by the Norwegian press - over Facebook. Through Facebook he's also given an interview to the Indonesian press, he says: The social media is convenient in the case of a reporter who doesn't want to place a call to Israel.
The ministry has several channels through video clip-sharing website Youtube. One is youtube.com/Israel, which has racked up 209,000 views. "It's a pilot," says Shacham. The official version should go up soon, with content from the Tourism Ministry and other bodies. There's also the Foreign Ministry Youtube channel, youtube.com/IsraelMFA with 830,000 views of its clips. That is an official one. Hopefully next month the ministry will be launching Youtube channels in Russian, Spanish and Chinese, Shacham says: They're in the process of being built.
On Twitter, each embassy has an account of its own. The official state account is #israel (which the state bought a few months ago from the operator of a porn website, for several thousand dollars ). It feeds 24,000 followers. Shacham and his team don't just answer surfers whatever crosses their mind: They have guidelines from above, from the National Information Directorate headed by Yarden Vatikai. That directorate synchronizes Israel's messages. "We're coordinated with the IDF spokesman and of course with the things the foreign minister and his deputy say," says Shacham.
The Syrian border breach: who dunnit?
About two weeks ago, the Middle East marked the Nakba, a day of mourning for Israel's establishment and the expulsion or flight of Arabs from their homes. The date is known in advance and rioting is usual - but this year, the Israel Defense Forces were surprised to note a large number of Syrians clustering by the border, and then they broke through, into Israeli territory.
If Israeli intelligence had been keeping an eye on Facebook among young Syrians, they wouldn't have been taken by surprise. A number of groups, perfectly open, had been calling for a border breach on Nakba Day.
The army spokesman refused to allow TheMarker to interview the intelligence personnel responsible for collating Internet information. If asked whether the IDF keeps track of perfectly open social-network activity by young Syrians, Lebanese, Iranians and others - the officer wouldn't answer anyway, he explained. It's secret.
Instead of which, the spokesman issued a statement that army intelligence has been active online for years. It has a special branch to study information from open sources, especially the Internet, he said: That branch can take credit for significant achievements in recent years.
A source in the IDF did admit to TheMarker that the social networks have unique complexities: There are issues of the reliability of information, for instance. And things are so dynamic. They change so fast.
Israel was ready on Nakba Day, Palmor insists.
TheMarker: Yet the army was taken by surprise by the organization of the young Syrians.
"We weren't surprised by the fact of their organization," Palmor says. "We knew about their Facebook groups before Nakba Day. We were surprised that the Syrian army allowed it to happen and didn't prevent it. It is very hard to know what group will develop into something serious, and what won't."
Regardless of whether Mayor Rob Ford decides to step down — and we believe he must — we will continue to fight for fiscal conservatism at City Hall.
That's why we backed Ford when he ran for mayor in 2010 and why we applaud the significant savings he achieved for taxpayers.
Ford did what no other megacity mayor before him — not David Miller and not Mel Lastman — could do.
Ford and his council allies negotiated four-year labour deals with the city's inside and outside workers, without a garbage strike, while winning important concessions from the unions that will save taxpayers more than $100 million over five years.
Ford, and his council allies contracted out half the city's garbage collection, which will save taxpayers almost $80 million over seven years — and which should be extended across the entire city as soon as possible.
Ford rescinded Miller's hated $60 vehicle registration fee, a cynical tax grab that mimicked a similar provincial fee and gave the public absolutely no benefit in return.
Ford and his allies had the TTC declared an essential service, lowering the risk of future transit strikes.
Ford and his allies succeeded in slashing councillors' office budgets by $900,000, and the mayor, leading by example, slashed his own office budget by $700,000.
Prior to Ford's mayoralty, councillors' budgets were being wasted on such outrageous nonsense as then-outgoing councillor Kyle Rae throwing himself a $12,000 retirement party on the public's dime.
We share the view of Ford and his council allies that their job at City Hall is to deliver city services to taxpayers as efficiently as possible.
And that it is not, despite the attitude of Ford's spendthrift opponents on the left, to operate City Hall as if it was an employment agency for city staff.
As a result, Ford's administration was starting to get city spending under control, while delivering annual property tax hikes of 0% in 2011, 2.5% in 2012 and 2% in 2013, compared to annual tax hikes of 3% during the first three years of the Miller era.
Make no mistake. Ford's enemies on council, beyond calling for him to resign, are going to use his personal troubles and controversies to try to discredit his agenda of fiscal conservatism.
But that agenda is exactly what Toronto needs and that we will continue to fight for at the Sun.
To be clear, Ford, through his personal conduct, has been the author of his own misfortune.
We do not support a chief magistrate, who, according to Toronto Police Chief Blair, is on a video the chief described as “disappointing” and consistent with earlier media reports of its contents. Those reports said the video showed Ford appearing to smoke crack cocaine and making racist and homophobic comments.
A video which Ford denied for months existed.
Ford needs to get his own life in order.
He is now a liability to his own agenda of fiscal conservatism, because the longer he stays in office, the more City Hall will become a circus, preoccupied with the mayor's personal issues and credibility rather than with spending taxpayers' money wisely.
No mayor is more important than the city he leads and Toronto cannot afford another year of drift until the 2014 municipal elections.
That's why we will continue to support Ford's fiscal agenda, even though we can no longer support the man.
Pete King, giving an interview. | Flickr Pete King calls for a Republican war on Ted Cruz
Rep. Peter King thinks Republicans in the House could have bargained for much more than they're getting in a pending Senate deal, if only the House had kept the government open in September and focused on negotiations over the federal debt limit.
"Instead we look like the crazies," King, a Republican from Long Island, told me this afternoon from Washington. "Shutting down the government, throwing barricades against the White House, and having Ted Cruz reading Dr. Seuss, this is like the theater of the absurd. Except that it's serious."
Story Continued Below
King has been a fairly lonely (and ineffectual, so far) voice of dissent within the Republican conference, loudly criticizing the party's strategy of allowing a group of hardline conservatives to dictate a shutdown in the hope of pressuring President Obama to make changes to his signature health care law.
For that King blames Cruz, the freshman senator from Texas, who King believes Republicans need to target, starting now.
"I don't mean this in an egotistical way, I'm the only one who's been going after Cruz by name," King told me. "And there's a purpose for that, because this is going to come back again in two or three months, whether it's January 15 or February 7 or whatever, there's going to be a threat of another shutdown.
"And he's going to be coming back, rewriting history, saying, 'We were on the verge of victory back in October, and we could have won if we'd just stayed in there another week.' And he's going to have phone calls being made, and he's going to have town hall meetings. And he's going to have all those support groups out there, threatening to downgrade people on their scorecards and all that stuff."
To King, the fault doesn't lie broadly with Congress, but falls squarely on Cruz and his 30 or 40 "acolytes," who put pressure on other Republicans.
"I think it's important for people in the Republican Party around the country not to just come in at the end and say, 'Congress was dysfunctional,' or 'Congress screwed up.' That's too easy to do," King said. "Say who it was. Because it wasn't Congress. It was one person who was able to steamroll Congress and unless we target him for what he is, he's going to do it again. So I'm hoping other Republicans will join me and start going after this guy, and say we're not going to let it happen again."
Republican leaders, including 2016 candidates like Chris Christie, Scott Walker and Jeb Bush, have criticized the dysfunction to varying degrees, but none have specifically attacked Cruz, who has become a darling of the Tea Party constituency that could be a big factor in a future primary.
King said the "business community, other people, guys running for president, governors around the country, retired members of Congress, elder statesmen, whoever considers himself to be a leader in the Republican Party should be out there" making the case against Cruz.
King said he wouldn't "second-guess" House Speaker John Boehner's role in the impasse, and that the conservative faction doesn't have the votes to topple him.
"They may try," he said. "But they don't have the ability to go after John Bohner. What they can do is create enough chaos, which maybe makes it difficult for him to govern, and then it's important for the rest of us to stand by him."
"There's nobody out there they could get behind who could take over right now," King added. "John gave these guys enough rope to hang themselves, and if other Republicans aren't smart enough to see that these guys did hang themselves and pretty much hung the Republican Party while they're at it--I think we should stand behind Boehner. He warned this was going to happen all along."
Cruz said today that he won't delay the Senate vote, and criticized the Senate for not helping change the outcome.
"Unfortunately, the Senate chose not to follow the House and in particular, we saw real division among Senate Republicans. That was unfortunate," Cruz said, according to TPM. "I would point out that had Senate Republicans united and supported House Republicans, the outcome of this, I believe, would have been very, very different. I wish that had happened, but it did not."
Herman Cain and Mitt Romney
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images.
According to every poll, a Mormon and a black man are now the Republican front-runners for president. That's pretty amazing. But the bigger story is that neither candidate represents his people. Mitt Romney has to defeat a fellow Mormon, Jon Huntsman, in the primaries. Herman Cain, if nominated, would face Barack Obama in the general election. Romney is nothing like Huntsman. Cain is nothing like Obama.
I don't know whether this four-way fight will produce a winner. But I know what it will destroy: stereotypes.
We tend to think of prejudice as the denial of equality. That's one aspect of prejudice, as Obama noted yesterday in his speech honoring the new memorial to Martin Luther King Jr. But prejudice is also the denial of difference. It's a failure to recognize each person as an individual rather than as a projected average of a group. And the most effective cure for this failure isn't to see blacks and whites, or Mormons and evangelicals, holding hands. It's to watch two blacks or two Mormons go at each other.
When Obama ran for president, opponents associated him with black leftists and radicals. Bill Clinton brushed off Obama's victory in the South Carolina Democratic primary by comparing it to Jesse Jackson's. Republicans depicted Obama as an extension of angry preacher Jeremiah Wright. Newt Gingrich, echoing Dinesh D'Souza, suggested that Obama's actions were “outside our comprehension” because they reflected “Kenyan, anti-colonial behavior.” Obama's actual behavior—abstaining from racial appeals during the campaign, stiffing the Congressional Black Caucus, escalating drone warfare around the world, and offering a debt-reduction deal with spending cuts but no tax-rate hikes—defied these comparisons.
Cain fits the stereotype even less. Newsweek quotes a series of black critics—Cornel West, Michael Eric Dyson, and Boyce Watkins—who call Cain callous to the poor, “Jimmy Stewart in blackface,” and “the perfect racist.” Harry Belafonte likens Cain to Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell, complaining that whites “believe this black man is the real deal. He isn't. Anyone who says what he says isn't.”
That's a clear assertion of black orthodoxy. And Cain, just as clearly, rejects it. Yesterday on Meet the Press, Cain said he prefers to be called a “black American,” not an African-American, “because my roots go back through slavery in this country. Yes, they came from Africa, but the roots of my heritage are in the United States.” Cain praised Justice Clarence Thomas and boasted that unlike Obama, “My mother was a maid, my father was a barber and janitor and a chauffeur. … I have run small businesses. I have actually made pizzas, made hamburgers. I've actually had to do the inventory, clean the parking lot.”
No matter what you think of Cain or Obama, the airing of these differences in background and outlook has an important social effect. It shows that Jackson, Thomas, West, Powell, Belafonte, Rice, Obama, Wright, and Cain think differently. It debunks the black monolith.
A similar diversity is emerging among Mormons. My Slate colleagues Jacob Weisberg and Christopher Hitchens worry about Mormon myths, dogmas, and practices. Five years ago, Weisberg argued:
The world's greater religions have had time to splinter, moderate, and turn their myths into metaphor. The Church of Latter-day Saints is expanding rapidly and liberalizing in various ways, but it remains fundamentally an orthodox creed with no visible reform wing. … Romney has never publicly indicated any distance from church doctrine. He is an “elder” who performed missionary service in France as a young man and did not protest the church's overt racism and priestly discrimination before it was abolished in 1978.
Hitchens extends this critique. He calls Mormonism a “weird and sinister belief system” and argues that Romney “should be asked to defend and explain himself, and his voluntary membership in one of the most egregious groups operating on American soil.”
The central point Hitchens and Weisberg are trying to make is that it isn't bigoted to ask a Mormon about his religious views. They're right. But that question has to be asked with a fair and open mind. According to Sunday's New York Times, Romney led a Mormon congregation and a diocese-sized district (he liked to be called “Bishop Romney”) and once pressed the church's anti-abortion doctrine on a pregnant woman:
In 1990, Exponent II, a Mormon feminist magazine … published an article by a married mother of four who recounted her own experience after doctors advised her to terminate her pregnancy when she was being treated for a potentially dangerous blood clot. Her bishop [Romney] got wind of the situation, she wrote, and showed up unannounced at the hospital, warning her sternly not to go forward.
But the Times also notes that as a Massachusetts Senate candidate, “Romney angered higher-ups in Salt Lake with his independent stance on abortion; he said that he was personally opposed, but favored laws allowing women to choose.” (More recently, he has renounced abortion rights.) And Romney's record as a church leader sometimes shows a subtler, gentler side. Once, “when a congregant asked to be released from his church duties during a difficult divorce, Mr. Romney said no; he did not want to send a message that divorced people could not serve.” On another occasion, when a couple “felt overwhelmed by church obligations,” Romney showed up at their door and told them, “I was just driving home from work, and I had a feeling that I needed to stop by and tell you that God loves you.” When a young addict sought Romney's counsel, Romney told him that as long as he was “trying to do better … you're a saint.”
What I see in these stories is moderation, metaphor, and some distance from church doctrine. But if Romney's too orthodox for you, consider Huntsman. He says he embraces “many different types of religions.” He married an Episcopalian and was never sealed to her in a Mormon temple as his church prescribes. His kids go to Catholic schools. His eldest sons didn't go on Mormon missions. His daughter married a non-Mormon in an Episcopal church. He's raising his two adopted daughters with exposure to Hinduism and Buddhism, the faiths of their birth parents. As governor of Utah, he relaxed the state's alcohol laws and extended state benefits to cover partners of unmarried employees, including gay couples.
Last month, Huntsman told CNN that “the Mormon population is more diverse, a lot more heterogeneous, and lot more free-thinking in certain instances, than people may give it credit for.” A Mormon professor says Huntsman arguably represents “reform Mormonism … someone who is culturally Mormon, who identifies with the tradition, who has been shaped by Mormon thought in his upbringing, but doesn't necessarily maintain orthodoxy on doctrinal beliefs.”
If the lesson of Obama and Cain is that not all blacks think alike, the lesson of Romney and Huntsman is that not all Mormons think alike. And while we're at it, look at Rick Perry and Ron Paul, two conservative Texans with very different views on foreign policy and legislating morality. Or Michele Bachmann and Tim Pawlenty, two Minnesota evangelicals with very different instincts about discussing faith. Or Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich—a lifelong Catholic on his first marriage, and a converted Catholic on his third. Look at all those “racist” Tea Party members who, as Slate's David Weigel points out, support Cain. Look at the House and Senate majority leaders, Eric Cantor and Harry Reid. Cantor is a Republican. Reid is a Democrat. Guess which man is a Mormon, and which is a Jew.
Think about that the next time you hear any of these groups dismissed with a stereotype. And always strive to be more discriminating, not between races or religions, but within them.
The Tour of Beijing will host its fourth and final edition this October. UCI President Brian Cookson confirmed to L'Équipe they would not be renewing their contract with race organisers Global Cycling Promotion (GCP) for 2015. The French paper speculated that the new guard at the UCI is looking to sever ties with the race. Related Articles White: UCI must guarantee meat is clenbuterol free in Beijing
Tour of Beijing to be a tough end of season test
Uncertain future for Tour of Beijing
McQuaid criticises UCI handling of Tour of Beijing
Cookson confirms that Global Cycling Promotions will be wound down
Beijing looking to go out with a bang
"I do not think that's the case,” Cookson told the paper. “We have been having discussions with them for some time. They have other goals and want to do different things. We too want to do something different, we believe that we need to change the direction taken by GCP.”
Speculation about the race's future has been spreading, with GCP director Alain Rumpf telling Cyclingnews in August a new contract wasn't yet secure.
The race was inaugurated in 2011 by the then-president of the UCI Pat McQuaid. Since then, the race has attracted a lot of criticism for its conflict of interest – GCP is owned by the UCI – its apparent failure to make money, and the air pollution often seen in Beijing. However, with the race's place on the calendar it was the last chance for teams to get some vital WorldTour points and attracted a strong field.
“It is an event that has had its successes, but it's not a major disaster,” said Cookson. “We will look for other partners to organize other events and try to find another way to end the season on the road.”
Tony Martin won the opening two editions, while last year saw the first summit finish for the race on Mentougou Miaofeng Mountain, with Beñat Intxausti taking the stage win and overall success.
The final edition of the Tour of Beijing will begin on October 10.
Lordy, I wrote a book. Photo: Eric Thayer/Getty Images
Back in January, President Trump invited James Comey, then the director of the FBI, to the White House for a one-on-one dinner. The meal, which sounds terribly uncomfortable in Comey's retelling, reached peak awkwardness when Trump said, “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.” As Comey later told Congress, he just stared back at Trump without reacting.
Four months later, he was fired. And six months after that, Comey is about to release a book detailing, among other things, his time at the FBI and his run-ins with Trump. On Thursday, the cover and title of the book were announced via Axios and the reference to Trump's request for “loyalty” is obvious.
Comey, who's recently increased his Twitter presence in a pretty clear move to help him sell more books, tweeted a link to the Axios story and deployed his catchphrase.
Lordy I hope there are pictures. https://t.co/7mkLLskVu8 — James Comey (@Comey) November 2, 2017
Lordy indeed.
QPR now expect their Financial Fair Play dispute to be resolved by a commission.
Rangers are challenging the legality of the Football League's Championship FFP rules, under which the club face a massive fine for losses recorded during the 2013-2014 financial year.
Promotion to the Premier League was achieved that season, but relegation the following year left QPR open to a potential fine of more than £50m.
Despite several subsequent reports of an imminent deal between the two parties, legal arguments have failed to resolve the issue.
And with no tangible progress having been made in several months, Rangers now believe the matter will be referred to a commission that will consider evidence from both sides.
With League rules having stipulated that clubs making a loss of more than £8m would be subject to a fine, QPR reported a loss of £9.8m for the year in question.
But that was only after the club's owners wrote off £60m in directors' loans in an attempt to boost their case against a heavy fine.
QPR have also argued that they should not be punished according to FFP rules introduced after the club committed to player contracts while in the Premier League between 2011 and 2013, as they could not then be reasonably expected to comply with the new regulations once relegated to the Championship.
When it comes to breeding cows, Oakfield Corners Dairy in upstate New York would rather not let nature take its course.
To ensure his prime milk-makers produce daughters, Oakfield partner Jonathan Lamb is willing to pay as much as $200 a vial for bull semen that has been processed so that it only contains X chromosomes.
One reason for the high price, according to competitors, is that a single company, Sexing Technologies, controls more than 90 percent of the sexed-semen market, which has annual sales of $50 million in the U.S. and $220 million abroad. They've mounted a flurry of actions that could bring down the cost for farmers: filing an antitrust lawsuit, challenging the company's patents, and, in a battle that begins this week in a Denver court, fighting over contractual rights to the technology.
“As dairy farmers, what we're trying to do constantly is become more efficient to feed the world population,” said Lamb, who only uses sex selection in 5 percent of the 2,000 breedings per year he oversees. “It is expensive now, and we would definitely use it” more if the price came down.
Artificial Insemination
The dairy industry embraced artificial insemination after World War II. Gender-sorted semen has been used for only about the last decade, according to the National Association of Animal Breeders.
Farmers use gender selection not only to propagate the milkers, but to expand herds and avoid having to buy replacement cows. It's also safer for heifers having their first calf, since female calves are smaller than males.
In an industry built wholly on female animals, sex-selection would be more
widely used if the technology got better and the price came down, said Matt Gould, Philadelphia-based analyst for the Dairy & Food Market Analyst newsletter. For example, conception rates are lower for semen that has undergone the process, he said.
“Heifers are more valuable than bull calves throughout the industry,” said Erick Metzger, manager for herd services at American Jersey Cattle Association, which has about 2,400 active members. “If you can create more females, that can be a source of revenue for producers.”
‘Magnum' & ‘Modesty'
Sexing Technologies -- its legal name is Inguran LLC -- sets up labs at stud farms and processes semen as soon as it's collected. It also owns bulls. Farmers select a sire from the company's online catalog with such listings as that for “Magnum,” a Jersey bull known for fathering cows with high milk production and body fat.
Sexing Technologies says on its website the sex-sorting technique is 93 percent accurate.
Its technology uses a machine that applies a fluorescent dye to cells that reacts differently on female X chromosomes than male Y chromosomes. As the dyed cells flow past a laser beam, the amount of fluorescence is detected and an electrical charge is applied, which deflects the cells into different containers. The sorted semen is then sold in vials known as straws.
For Paul Paddock, co-owner of Paddock's Breeding and Dairy Services in Warsaw, New York, which serves around 300 dairies in the region, sexed-semen straws account for about 10 percent of sales volumes and 20 percent of revenues. A straw from the likes of “Modesty,” a top-performing bull, costs $200 a pop, Paddock said. Prices for run-of-the-mill bull semen start at about $25.
Control of Patents
The beef against Sexing Technologies is its dominance of the market obtained by patents and contracts. Genus Plc's ABS Global of Wisconsin, a stud company that wants to enter the sex-sorting business, filed an antitrust lawsuit in 2014 accusing Sexing Technologies of monopolizing the market. That case goes to trial in August. ABS is also in a fight at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office with Sexing Technologies over the validity of each other's patents.
Meanwhile, Trans Ova Genetics, an Iowa company, starts trial this week in Denver after being sued by a company Sexing Technologies bought, XY LLC, for breach of contract and patent infringement. Trans Ova's defense is that XY wrongfully terminated the contract and obtained the patents by misleading the patent office.
USDA Invention
The U.S. Department of Agriculture developed the sex-selection process in the early 1990s. XY, then a standalone company, gained control of the government patent and improved the system so it worked more quickly and improved fertility rates. XY's contribution -- and a hugely important one by all accounts -- was to modify the machines and the system so it destroyed fewer cells.
XY licensed the USDA patent and its own patents to other companies, including Trans Ova, ABS and Sexing Technologies, based near Houston. In 2006, XY and Sexing Technologies were in the midst of a contract dispute; a year later, Sexing Technologies owned XY. That's when the trouble began, according to court documents filed by both Trans Ova and ABS.
Sexing Technologies, which also has been buying patents from other companies including Monsanto Co., “was able to use its monopoly power to exact onerous terms from ABS, including unreasonably high prices, an ‘evergreen' provision that makes the contract effectively perpetual,” and limit research by a would-be competitor, ABS contends.
Sexing Technologies contends the ABS antitrust suit was filed “to pressure Inguran into renegotiating the contract's terms,” while Trans Ova is just trying to avoid being found liable for using the technology without a license.
Officials with the three companies declined to comment for this story, citing the pending litigation.
Gorillas, Dolphins
There's interest from other industries. While the procedure has worked in many species from gorillas to dolphins, techniques are currently being perfected for other livestock species, according to Jere Mitchell, technical director at the National Association of Animal Breeders.
Though the beef industry doesn't widely use artificial insemination, it has an incentive to to produce more males, as bull calves are more efficient at making meat.
For dairy farmers, the technology is especially powerful, said Paddock, the Warsaw, New York dairy-services provider.
“Short-term, it's more expensive. But long term, it's an investment,” Paddock said. “More competition, in the end, it'd be better for the dairymen.”
Company News:
Whole Foods Market Bryant Park is Manhattan's newest dining destination
The retailer's 11th New York City location will open its doors on Saturday, Jan. 28
Share:
NEW YORK (Jan. 18, 2017) – Whole Foods Market, the nation's leading natural and organic supermarket, will open its newest and highly-anticipated Bryant Park store, located at one of New York City's most prominent intersections at 1095 Avenue of the Americas, on Saturday, Jan. 28. Grand opening celebrations will commence with Whole Foods Market's traditional bread-breaking ceremony at 8:45 a.m., followed by the official opening at 9 a.m.
The Bryant Park location will cater to the neighborhood's Midtown crowd by placing a special emphasis on prepared culinary offerings from some of the city's most beloved and recognizable chefs and producers, all set in a beautifully designed space overlooking the iconic Bryant Park.
“We couldn't be more proud of how our team and vendor partners have continued to innovate our offerings here in New York City,” said Christina Minardi, president of Whole Foods Market's Northeast Region. “Our culinary team has worked tirelessly to ensure this store is a premier dining destination that meets the needs of all the residents, office workers, daily commuters, and tourists who walk through our doors.”
At 43,000 square feet, the store will feature two levels of retail space that will host a full range of high-quality natural and organic goods, as well as the “News Agency,” a coffee and juice bar, which will pay homage to the look and feel of the city's classic newsstands. The space will open prior to the general store opening each morning at 6:30 a.m. to accommodate busy commuters. The grocery store will open each day at 7:00 a.m. and close at 11:00 p.m.
The store's culinary offerings will be headlined by noted chefs Frank Falcinelli & Frank Castronovo and will include:
Frankies Spuntino: The Franks, of the acclaimed neighborhood destinations Frankies 457 & 570 Spuntino, will open a namesake restaurant venue featuring a selection of their Italian classics, including fresh salads, sandwiches, and their popular house-made pastas.
The Franks, of the acclaimed neighborhood destinations Frankies 457 & 570 Spuntino, will open a namesake restaurant venue featuring a selection of their Italian classics, including fresh salads, sandwiches, and their popular house-made pastas. Kano by Genji Sushi: Shoppers can indulge in a traditional Japanese omakase, available at various price levels, run by Genji Sushi, longstanding partners of Whole Foods Market.
Shoppers can indulge in a traditional Japanese omakase, available at various price levels, run by Genji Sushi, longstanding partners of Whole Foods Market. Harbor Bar: Featuring a signature menu item created exclusively in partnership with renowned Chef Daniel Boulud, this raw bar will offer oyster towers, lobster rolls and seafood-centric small plates. The bar will also offer 24 beers on tap, draft wine from Gotham Project and a full cocktail menu.
Featuring a signature menu item created exclusively in partnership with renowned Chef Daniel Boulud, this raw bar will offer oyster towers, lobster rolls and seafood-centric small plates. The bar will also offer 24 beers on tap, draft wine from Gotham Project and a full cocktail menu. Simit + Smith : The store will feature a cart dedicated to serving authentic Turkish-style artisanal breads from this celebrated local purveyor, including Simit, a circular, sesame-covered bread that's soft and light on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Simit is traditionally served with feta cheese and sliced olives.
The store will feature a cart dedicated to serving authentic Turkish-style artisanal breads from this celebrated local purveyor, including Simit, a circular, sesame-covered bread that's soft and light on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Simit is traditionally served with feta cheese and sliced olives. Seed + Mill : This is Seed + Mill's first offering with Whole Foods Market in New York City. The cart will feature a tahini mill, churning out jars of fresh, warm tahini made from premium Ethiopian seeds, and 8 to 10 flavors of handmade halva, including some vegan varieties. Seed + Mill at Bryant Park will also feature the brand's famous tahini goat milk ice cream, topped with halva crumbles and fresh tahini.
: This is Seed + Mill's first offering with Whole Foods Market in New York City. The cart will feature a tahini mill, churning out jars of fresh, warm tahini made from premium Ethiopian seeds, and 8 to 10 flavors of handmade halva, including some vegan varieties. Seed + Mill at Bryant Park will also feature the brand's famous tahini goat milk ice cream, topped with halva crumbles and fresh tahini. Quick service kiosks – The store will offer an array of freshly prepared items with a focus on quick service. Food orders can be placed through an easy-to-use digital ordering kiosk. Examples of food that can be ordered from our kiosks include: Italian Sandwiches, Nosh (featuring Jewish-style sandwiches), Hot Chicken (offering Nashville-style spicy fried chicken), and Indian-inspired Indie Bowls, created in partnership with Chef Hari Nayak.
The store will offer an array of freshly prepared items with a focus on quick service. Food orders can be placed through an easy-to-use digital ordering kiosk. Examples of food that can be ordered from our kiosks include: Italian Sandwiches, Nosh (featuring Jewish-style sandwiches), Hot Chicken (offering Nashville-style spicy fried chicken), and Indian-inspired Indie Bowls, created in partnership with Chef Hari Nayak. Pizza: The Bryant Park location will be the first Whole Foods Market in New York City to offer Detroit-style square pies with a variety of seasonal toppings.
The Bryant Park location will be the first Whole Foods Market in New York City to offer Detroit-style square pies with a variety of seasonal toppings. Toast: This venue will be placed inside the bakery department and will offer a selection of artisanal toasts such as: avocado, almond butter & jam, stone-ground mustard & mixed greens, and ricotta, berries & locally sourced Mike's Hot Honey.
This venue will be placed inside the bakery department and will offer a selection of artisanal toasts such as: avocado, almond butter & jam, stone-ground mustard & mixed greens, and ricotta, berries & locally sourced Mike's Hot Honey. Coffee & Espresso by Allegro Coffee: In addition to extensive hot and cold brew options offered in the store's “News Agency” coffee and juice bar, Allegro Coffee will also offer a stand-alone espresso bar on the store's second floor, featuring traditional espresso service
Beyond these unique culinary offerings, there are additional in-store innovations worth noting. The Produce department will feature the Produce Butcher—an onsite team member who will cut, slice, dice, julienne, chop, and grate any produce item at a shopper's request. The Grocery department will offer a range of new locally sourced offerings from the Tri-State area's most highly-regarded vendors, such as Sun Noodle and White Moustache. Heralded NYC-based Greek Chef Maria Loi of Loi Estiatorio will also be launching her first batch of fresh Greek dips and spreads.
The store will also boast all the features that shoppers have come to expect from Whole Foods Market: high-quality meat free of antibiotics and added hormones; sustainably sourced seafood; the finest selection of artisan-produced, hand-cut cheeses sourced locally and from around the world; a variety of local, American craft and international beers; a selection of premium personal care and beauty items in the Whole Body department; an on-site floral department, and much more.
The first 400 shoppers on opening day will receive a special edition Bryant Park tote bag. The day's festivities will continue with giveaways, vendor samplings and tastings.
For additional information and future announcements, please visit the store's social media channels: Facebook.com/WholeFoodsNYC, Twitter & Instagram @wholefoodsnyc
Whole Foods Market Bryant Park
1095 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10036
Store Hours: 7:00 am – 11:00 pm
Coffee & juice bar: 6:30 am – 11:00 pm
Phone Number: (917) 728-5700
Share:
The Requiem for a Dream director isn't afraid to get real when giving advice to prospective filmmakers in a masterclass.
In 2015, the Odessa International Film Festival held an hour-long masterclass with Darren Aronofsky. His resume is now filled with a plethora of unique, personal, and often haunting stories, but, as he explains in the masterclass, it took substantial work as well as a lifetime of sticking to his creative intuitions to get there.
"I was playing around with film and visual storytelling for 10 years before I made my first feature."​
We face a tough and ever-changing industry and Aronofsky wasn't afraid to shy away from answering the Ukranian audience's questions with some harsh realities. Watch the video for the full session and read what we consider some of the most important takeaways below.
1. Poor financing is not an excuse
"Honestly, if I was making a film now, and I had the limited resources I had when I made Pi, I would be making a film on my cellphone camera," Aronofsky said. "The difficulty of telling stories on film is no longer a financial problem. When we made Pi, shooting on video was nowhere near the quality of what it is now. There are no excuses anymore. You have the power now. So the question then becomes: now that you have that technology and that power, what are you going to do with it?"
2. Focus on stories that only you can tell...
"Why we're doing this is to tell stories," Aronofsky said. "You can go the Hollywood way and tell big stupid stories, or you can remember that you are in a corner of the world that hasn't shared so many stories, and you can find a story that is true to your heart and true to your soul that is very personal."
"Every story is personal and every character has reflections of myself, but in the same way that every character has reflections, hopefully, of everybody. "
"For me the big litmus test is: will my friends in Brooklyn think this is cool? What is the story that makes you you? What is the story that only you can tell? It's about figuring out how to entertain people with a story and that can be the smallest things. Filmmaking can take you into the mind of a six-year-old girl from Iran or a 75-year-old man from Canada, and that's the great beauty of what we do."
3. ...But be prepared not to make any money
"The reality is that if you tell personal stories, you don't make a lot of money, unless you're very, very, very, very, lucky and happen to have taste that connects with lots of people," Aronofsky cautioned.
Mickey Rourke in "The Wrestler"
4. Characters should be built from the realm of the personal
"Every story is personal and every character has reflections of myself, but in the same way that every character has reflections, hopefully, of everybody," Aronofsky said. "You can only understand a character if you make them human, and making them human is making them feel the same emotion we all feel, all over the planet, no matter where we're from."
5. ...As well as the realm of the ordinary
"It's about finding those ordinary people who you think are ordinary, and really looking closely at their lives to find that they're actually extraordinary," Aronofsky added regarding characters. "Everyone's story is extraordinary, it's just if you decide to put a lens on it and focus on it. I think it's about finding people that do unique things and then just really figuring out what makes them tick."
"Finding a universal character is just finding a character that is truthful and honest."
6. Most importantly, make your characters relatable
"Anyone is relatable, so what was interesting was taking two very strange people—a ballerina and a wrestler—and trying to prove that point," Aronofsky said. "Wrestling is such a bizarre activity and in America it is considered the lowest art in the world. I mean, most people wouldn't even consider it art. And then you have ballet, which is incredibly unique in its own way; most people don't understand what it is. How do you make that relate to an audience as well? They were both relatable because you understood the passion and the desire and the ambition of the characters to make their art, which is something that all people can feel—​the desire to do something well. So finding a universal character is just finding a character that is truthful and honest."
7. When choosing a camera, think long-term
"You have to think about the look of the final product and think about how that becomes part of the story," Aronofsky said. "We're not just storytellers—we're visual storytellers, so you have to think about the look of the film and how that helps to tell the story."
Natalie Portman in "The Black Swan"
8. Don't limit the sources of your inspiration
"You want to use anything that inspires you," Aronofsky advised. "It doesn't have to be just filmmakers. It can be musicians, it can be artists, it can be photographers. As a storyteller, you want to expose yourself to every type of art that you possibly can. That's our job, to experience as much as possible and then figure out a way to use it and adapt it to tell the story you're telling."
9. As a director, you're just as responsible for an actor's performance as the actor is
"The most important thing between actor and director is trust," Aronofsky revealed. "It's not about confidence alone. It's about having a comfortable relationship with an actor where you both realize that you're just trying to do the best possible work."
"It's about understanding what every scene is about," he continued. "It's about reading the script a lot and understanding every moment what the scene is about, because not only does that control what the actor should be doing, it also tells you where to put the camera, because if you know what the scene is about you know where the camera's supposed to be."
"I think before you actually go out and raise a lot of money for a feature film you should spend a lot of time and practice."
10. Make time to find the grammar and language of your film
"Every movie that is well made has a film grammar," Aronofsky said. "You need to figure out a language that tells the story the best possible way. But you're also restricted by budget, so you have to try to figure out all these different tools you have and how you can create a language that's best for the movie."
"Pi is a good example," he continued. "We had very limited resources, so I started off with knowing I had one friend who was not really an actor—he was an actor in college, but I thought he was an interesting-looking guy, and I thought, 'Okay, I trust this guy, and I know he is going to be here every day. So I'm going to figure out a movie where he's the main character because I know I can count on him.' And then as I started to develop it, I realized that it would be really interesting to try to tell a story purely from his point of view. Meaning that if he was not in the scene, we could not show that scene. So for instance, I was not interested in cutting to the bad guys plotting to take over the world I just wanted to see how that impacted him.
"So that influenced the way we wrote the script. But it also influenced the way we shot it, because I wanted to really push the audience into his mind as much as possible. We started to come up with a language of subjective filmmaking where when he was having headaches and he would freak out we would use these different cameras I talked about, the heat camera and the vibration camera, to give a sense to the audience what it felt like to feel that type of pain."
"With Pi, we decided that since it's Max's story, we are only going to shoot over his shoulder, because we are telling the story from his POV. So we moved the camera more over, so if they look right into the lens, it's almost comedic, and you use that for comedy effects because they're looking right at the audience; we would make the person almost look just into the lens, but just off. And then when we shot Max for the opposite of that, we would move the camera into a profile or a 3/4, so you're looking at Max, and he's more like an object, while that person is more of the subject to him. And that became our language for the movie, and we just used it for the entire film."
Darren Aronofsky's "Pi"
11. Filmmaking is like telling a joke
"The best book to read for screenwriting is Christopher Vogler's The Writer's Journey," Aronofsky said. "He talks about the structure of western storytelling. It's similar to how you tell a joke, which I think is something that's very universal. Usually, with a joke you set something up, you set it up a second time, and then the third time you put a little twist on it. I think that works with languages and cultures around the planet."
"The same thing applies to stories: there's a way of defining a hero, giving him or her a bit of a problem and then testing them so that they get to a certain place. It's a very ancient structure. I can't say if it's something that we're born with or something that we're taught very young, but it's something that all people on the planet seem to react to."
12. Make as many shorts as you can
"Short films are a different art form," Aronofsky said. "Making a great short is very different than making a feature, but you do learn a lot. Every time you're on set you learn something, but a short film is kind of like a joke. It starts off with a set-up. You set it up and then you pay it off. A feature has three acts, so you have a much longer time to tell a different structure, but short films are a great way to practice and a great way to get started. But once again, you can make a short film on your iPhone, so you should be out making as many as you can. It's a great way to sort of see what connects with audiences and what doesn't connect with audiences."
"You have to make mistakes to succeed. If you're willing to take the risk to make a movie, that's probably a mistake. I think making any movie is sort of a mistake."
"If you're actually going to go out and raise money, however, there aren't that many places to exhibit short films," Aronosfky continued. "It's still a world where a successful feature film has a lot more places to go than a successful short film. I think before you actually go out and raise a lot of money for a feature film, you should spend a lot of time and practice. I was playing around with film and visual storytelling for 10 years before I made my first feature."
Darren Aronofsky's "Requiem for a Dream"
13. Kill your darlings!
"I have a saying: 'The film isn't done until you cut your favorite shot,'" said Aronofsky. "Usually, it's your favorite shot for the wrong reason. Either it's your favorite shot because it's so much more beautiful than every other shot in the movie—so it's so beautiful that it makes every other image look crappy—or you remember how much pain you went through to get that shot."
"You have to be completely open to losing everything in the edit room. The main thing to remember in the edit room is to constantly think about your audience. My mentor would always say he had a sign on his desk that said, 'Where is my audience now?” That's what you should be thinking about. You're not thinking about your own ego."
"You are an entertainer. You want people to be engaged with what you're doing. You never want to bore an audience. You want the audience to constantly be connected to what's going on or wondering what's going on or scared or laughing or crying. It's all about that, being honest with yourself if this is working or not."
14. Your biggest mistake as a director was probably making the movie itself
"You have to make mistakes to succeed," Aronofsky said. "If you're willing to take the risk to make a movie, that's probably a mistake. I think making any movie is sort of a mistake."
"When you start off with an idea, you get so excited by it that it actually makes you kind of naive and stupid, and you think you can do it. But then when you finish a film and you look back on how many issues you had to deal with, it's just endless."
Ari Putro Cahyono and his extended family in Surabaya after missing AirAsia flight QZ8501
A family of 10 was meant to fly to Singapore from Surabaya yesterday morning to enjoy a fun end-of-the-year holiday in the Lion City. But due to a miscommunication with the airline, they narrowly missed their flight.
That flight was AirAsia QZ8501, which has been missing since Sunday morning.
Ari Putro Cahyono and 9 other members of his extended family arrived at the airport at 5:30 am because their airplane tickets were for a 7:20 am flight.
But Ari had not seen the calls or emails from AirAsia informing him of a change in the schedule – their flight had been moved up by two hours. Boarding for their flight ended just a few minutes before the entire family could make it to the airport.
“I did not read the email notification about the flight,” Ari said, as quoted by Kompas.
After some negotation, AirAsia rescheduled the family for another flight later that day. But soon after, the news that authorities had lost contact with QZ8501 came out.
“I saw the anxious families of passengers running to the airport,” Ari said.
Ari and his extended family, which includes five children and two babies, decided to scrap their entire holiday in Singapore after learning the news.
“I canceled our trip. The loss does not matter, as long as my family is safe,” he said.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that 11 members of Ari Putro Cahyon's extended family were set to board AirAsia QZ8501. The correct number is 10.
Follow our live coverage on QZ8501 for the latest updates
​National Search and Rescue Agency says bad weather could hinder search for Air Asia QZ8501
Air Asia QZ8501 Captain had more than 20,000 flying hours under his belt
Vice President Jusuf Kalla leads Basarnas search for Air Asia QZ8501, finds similarities to previous Adam Air plane crash
Israel learned independently about the secret letter U.S. President Barack Obama sent to Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, according to a Jerusalem official who asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the matter.
The official said Israel learned about the letter shortly after it was sent. The information arrived indirectly, through channels that are not part of Israel's official contacts with the American administration.
The Wall Street Journal broke the story, reporting that the U.S. president had suggested to the Iranian leader to cooperate in the struggle against the Islamic State (also known as ISIS or ISIL), on condition that the Islamic Republic reach a nuclear agreement with the Western powers by November 24.
The information in Israel's hands indicated that Obama was trying to allay Iranian fears. Obama made clear in the letter that the international coalition that had been established, and the air strikes in Syria, were meant for a war solely against ISIS, and that the U.S. administration had no aspirations of toppling President Bashar Assad's regime.
Likewise, Obama stressed to Khamenei his desire to reach an agreement with Iran on a nuclear program, and that such a deal would release Iran from its international isolation.
Negotiations in Oman: The positions.
The fact that the Obama administration kept Israel out of the loop, and that Israel found out about the letter indirectly, adds to already deep suspicions in the Prime Minister's Office about the White House on the Iranian issue. The letter also strengthened fears in Israel that the struggle against ISIS in Iraq and Syria – two areas with a massive Iranian presence – will make the United States soften its position regarding Iranian nukes.
While the letter was kept secret, there was quiet Israeli-American dialogue on the issue. The matter probably arose during talks the Israeli delegation, headed by National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen, held with a group of senior American officials, headed by U.S. National Security Advisor Susan Rice 10 days ago in Washington.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
A senior Israeli official briefed on details of the talks remarked that Rice and Under Secretary for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman, who heads the U.S. negotiation team with Iran, noted that, despite continuous diplomatic efforts, they did not think they could reach a permanent deal with Iran by the November 24 deadline.
Cohen, together with the head of the Foreign Ministry's strategic division, Jeremy Issacharoff, and other senior Israeli officials who participated in the talks, said that America's handling of the negotiations is hardening Iran's position.
The Israeli officials reportedly told their U.S. counterparts that the Iranians think the Americans want to reach a deal more than they do, and so they don't want to close a deal now. They added that Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif wants to be flexible, but Khamenei won't let him.
Marie Harf, deputy spokesperson for the U.S. Department of State, said that "both the subjects and the details in that account of our recent consultations with the Israelis are inaccurate." "Any attempt to misrepresent what has been a very constructive dialogue with our Israeli friends on the Iranian nuclear negotiations is disappointing," she added.
Jerusalem responded harshly to the letter over the weekend. “I think the struggle with ISIS doesn't need to come at the expense of preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear arms,” said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, before meeting with the European Union's new foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini. “One has to act in both these directions, and not tie one to the other.”
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman also said Israel opposed linking ISIS with Iranian nukes. “It's not our job to advise the U.S. president, but we disagree on this matter,” Lieberman said ats a press conference with Mogherini. “We oppose this approach ... we think it is a mistake ... Iran is not an acceptable partner for any moderate coalition against ISIS, or any type of dialogue in the Middle East.”
The White House and U.S. State Department in Washington declined to comment on the existence of the Obama-Khamenei letter over the weekend, but did engage in damage control. “There is no linkage whatsoever of the nuclear discussions with any other issue, and I want to make that absolutely clear,” said Secretary of State John Kerry, at a press conference in Beijing yesterday. “The nuclear negotiations are on their own.”
A decisive trilateral summit opens today in Muscat, involving Kerry, Zarif and the EU's negotiator on Iran, Catherine Ashton. Senior Iranian and U.S. officials stressed over the weekend that the summit's goal is to make a breakthrough in the stalled talks.
According to website Al-Monitor, Ali Akbar Velayati – Khamenei's foreign policy adviser – is expected to join the meeting. Velayati's participation in the talks could signal that Iran's supreme leader is preparing for the possibility of making decisive concessions on the nuclear issue, ones likely to lead to signing a deal by November 24.
Significant gaps remain between the Iranian positions and those of the United States and the five world powers. Prime Minister Netanyahu is reportedly very concerned about the summit in Oman, which revolves around the final round of negotiations set to commence in Vienna on November 18. Netanyahu, who reportedly believes Obama is set on a deal with Tehran, suspects the Americans and Iranians are cooking up a secret bargain, which will leave a large portion of nuclear infrastructure in Iran's hands, and present the deal as a fait accompli to the rest of the world.
Netanyahu said at a press conference with Mogherini in Jerusalem on Friday that it would be a mistake to allow Iran to become a threshold nuclear state.
"If Iran is left with residual capacity to enrich uranium for a nuclear bomb, ultimately this will destabilize the world - not just our region, not just pose a direct threat at Israel, whom Iran spells out for eradication, but also I think for all the Middle East and well beyond the Middle East," he said. "I think this is something that should be prevented."
Netanyahu added: "Better no deal than a bad deal that leaves Iran with a capacity to enrich uranium for a nuclear bomb."
Five years ago, just 33 municipalities fell into this bracket, Dagens Nyheter (DN) reports.
Twelve municipalities posted unemployment rates of more than 50 percent among people born abroad, the newspaper said, basing its findings on figures from Statistics Sweden. In 2012 there were no municipalities in this category.
Ovanåker in northern Sweden, which has taken in a high proportion of asylum seekers in recent years, had the highest rate of unemployment among foreigners (58.7 percent).
With 150,000 new immigrants not yet counted in the statistics, unemployment is expected to continue to rise among foreigners.
“There are no signs that this trend will stop in the near future,” analyst Mats Wadman from the Swedish employment agency told DN.
Lena Micko, head of the Swedish Association of Local Authorities and Regions (SKL), said municipalities needed to do more to help newcomers find work.
“But the big risk is that people's belief and trust in society is called into question and that we have more open segregation than we have now, and we get more social exclusion.”
In all, 21.4 percent of Sweden's foreign-born population is out of work, compared to 4.7 percent for people born in Sweden.
The national employment agency, Arbetsförmedlingen, predicts that foreigners will make up six in ten of Sweden's jobless by 2017.
In an embarrassing gaffe, Hafiz Saeed-led Jamaat-ud-Dawah "erroneously" quoted the Mumbai attack mastermind as saying that China and Russia had a role in terror being perpetrated in Pakistan. "Pakistan must put pressure on China, Russia and other countries to stop India from committing terrorism in Pakistan," Saeed said while talking to reporters at the JuD headquarters.
However, in a statement issued by the JuD after the meeting, it quoted Saeed as having said, "The Pakistani government should increase pressure on India to stop state terrorism in the country through China, Russia and other countries."
JuD official Ahmad Nadeem later told PTI that the statement "erroneously" mentioned China's name regarding terrorism in Pakistan.
"Hafiz said that the Pakistani government should link China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) with freedom of Kashmir and put pressure on China and Russia and other countries which are part of CPEC or going to be part of it to influence India to stop terrorism in Pakistan," Nadeem said.
In another demand from the PML-N government, the Mumbai terror attack mastermind asked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stage a sit-in outside the office of the United Nations along with his cabinet members to press for the implementation of its resolution in Kashmir and ensure that the Kashmiris get the right to self-determination.
"Nawaz and his ministers should continue holding the sit-in till the end of Indian aggression on Kashmiris," Saeed said. Saeed, who carries USD 10 million bounty on his head, also demanded that Sharif should immediately sever trade ties with India and not restore them till the resolution of the Kashmir issue.
X
y
t
h
e
n
is a text-based roleplay game where
F
a
n
t
a
s
y
and
T
e
c
h
n
o
l
o
g
y
intertwine, creating a unique atmosphere for all character types. Help to protect the realm by slaying the Crystal Guardian hiding deep within the
C
r
y
s
t
a
l
F
o
r
e
s
t
and earn/maintain your place in the
A
c
h
i
e
v
e
m
e
n
t
Hall. You can also create and participate in
s
t
o
r
y
l
i
n
e
a
r
c
h
s
to further your character's development. We offer several unique features such
as an in game forum, a conversation-style messenger system, a die rolling system and much, much more!
Join today
, save the realm from the Crystal Guardians - and make your mark on
X
y
t
h
e
n
The long-awaited film adaptation of Tony winner Jason Robert Brown's musical The Last 5 Years has announced an American release date of February 14, according to reports. The film has been purchased by distribution company RADiUS-TWC, the boutique label from The Weinstein Company.
Richard LaGravenese has adapted and directed Brown's cult-favorite two-person show. The musical's unique plot structure has Cathy moving backward in time and her husband/boyfriend Jamie moving forward in time (meeting in the middle during their wedding), thus giving their two different perspectives on the beginning and end of their relationship. Anna Kendrick stars as Cathy alongside Broadway favorite Jeremy Jordan as Jamie.
The Last 5 Years is currently premiering as part of the Toronto International Film Festival.
Looks like we know how we're spending next Valentine's Day.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has fallen to his death from the top of the Arndale Centre car park in Manchester city centre after a five hour stand-off with police.
Horrified passers-by saw the 42-year-old man plummet from the top storey of the building on High Street.
Police had been called to the scene at 10.30am this morning after reports a man was standing at the edge of the car park roof.
High Street was cordoned off to traffic between Shudehill and Church Street with trams services also affected.
Police set up a cordon around the area the Arndale Centre closed as two specially-trained police negotiators tried to talk the man down.
However after five hours he was seen to fall from the edge of the building just before 4pm.
A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the man was dead at the scene.
He added that High Street would be due to re-open later on this afternoon.
She hasn't even announced, but the question has already resurfaced: Will Bill Clinton's baggage derail Hillary Clinton's presidential hopes?
Just a few weeks ago, reports broke that Bill Clinton had flown at least 11 times on “The Lolita Express” — a private plane owned by the mysterious financier and convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. According to Virginia Roberts, who claims to have been one of Epstein's many teenage sex slaves, Clinton also visited Epstein's private Caribbean retreat, known as “Orgy Island.”
“I remember asking Jeffrey, ‘What's Bill Clinton doing here?'” Roberts said in 2011. The former president, she added, was accompanied by four young girls during his stay — two of whom were among Epstein's regular sex partners. “And [Jeffrey] laughed it off and said, ‘Well, he owes me a favor.' He never told me what favors they were.”
Clinton also spent years traveling and partying with Ron Burkle, a billionaire bachelor with a penchant for very young girls. Clinton spent so much time on Burkle's private plane that it came to be known in Burkle's circle as “Air F—k One.”
And that is to say nothing of Bill's solicitation of mystery donors, the concerns about financial malfeasance at the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation, Bill's racially charged verbal gaffes during Hillary's 2008 bid and the alleged longtime, serious mistress who diverted Hillary's presidential campaign from larger problems.
To be clear, none of this is ancient history, affairs and misbehaviors that the nation has absorbed and seemingly forgiven. These are ongoing compulsions, tugs toward self-destruction that look to destroy his wife instead.
Bill never stopped being Bill.
‘I can't control him'
“Bimbo eruption” entered the lexicon in 1992, coined by then-candidate Bill Clinton's aide Betsey Wright, who'd long seen Bill's other women come and go. Yet during his first presidential campaign, Bill and Hillary shrewdly navigated the reports of his longtime infidelity, just as they would during the Monica Lewinsky scandal and resulting impeachment.
In the years since Bill left the White House and Hillary's own stature has soared, the subtext of their narrative has been successful: Whatever the true nature of their marriage, that's between them — which is fair when the issue is monogamy between consenting adults.
But when you're running for office as the first female president of the United States — who, by the way, has spent her entire life advocating for women's and children's rights — and your husband has spent years consorting with at least one known pedophile who ensnared girls as young as 14 into his private sex ring, it's a potentially insurmountable liability.
As it is, Bill supposedly was the reason Hillary initially declined then-President-elect Obama's offer to be secretary of state.
According to John Heilemann and Mark Halperin's 2010 book “Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime,” Hillary told Obama that she was most worried about the damage Bill could do.
“You know my husband,” she said. “You know I can't control him, and at some point he'll be a problem.”
Also reported in the book was the existence of a “war room within a war room” during Hillary's campaign. It was devoted solely to tracking down reports of Bill's womanizing. What did they learn? Here, in the midst of his wife's historic campaign, Bill was involved in a serious relationship with another woman.
This, according to “Game Change,” was Hillaryland's nightmare: “What everyone who signed up with Hillary feared each waking day.”
Hillary took another hit when Claire McCaskill, the prominent Democratic senator from Missouri, weighed in on Bill's reputation on “Meet the Press.”
“I think he's been a great leader,” McCaskill said, “but I don't want my daughter near him.”
“F—k her,” Hillary said.
McCaskill endorsed Obama.
It was Bill's close relationships with Burkle and Epstein, however, that were Hillary's true threat. In an exposé published in Vanity Fair's July 2008 issue, Todd Purdum — husband of Bill's former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers — wrote of the former president's depraved, “motley crew” of wealthy hangers-on and enablers.
Clinton had been close with Burkle, a self-made billionaire, for well over a decade. Burkle, 62, had long kept his private plane stocked with girls as young as 19.
Another member of their circle was Steve Bing, a wealthy playboy with a private jet. (Bing is best known as the father of Elizabeth Hurley's child, and Hurley was later linked to Clinton by her ex-boyfriend Tom Sizemore. Hurley has denied an affair.)
One former Clinton aide told Purdum that Bill's seedy social circle was, at best, perplexing. “I just think those guys are radioactive,” the aide said. “I stay far away from them.”
In the run-up to Hillary's 2008 bid, other aides and associates were alarmed by even more rumors: that Clinton had hooked up with actress Gina Gershon on Burkle's jet; the sightings with a powerful Canadian businesswoman; the random one-night stands while traveling. Purdum wrote that an executive ran into Clinton, Bing and a gaggle of gorgeous young women in an elevator in Manhattan. He was shocked to see an ex-president in such company. “I don't know what the guy was doing,” he reportedly said, “but it was so clear that it was just no good.”
By 2010, Bill's friendship with Burkle was publicly done. Though Bill had made an estimated $15 million while working as Burkle's pitchman, he'd begun distancing himself in 2007 and formally severed the relationship after Hillary was up for secretary of state.
In the aftermath, three of Bill's aides went to the press — presumably with his assent — to claim that Burkle still owed Bill $20 million but that Bill had chosen to take the high road and walk away. Burkle, who rarely gives interviews, sat down with Bloomberg Businessweek to make his feelings about the former president clear.
“When Clinton left the presidency, he had to make money, and there were certain limits on how he could do it,” Burkle told the magazine. “In [some] ways, it was the dumbest thing I ever did.”
He also said that of the two of them, Bill was the liability. “If someone wanted to embarrass him,” Burkle said, “I got thrown in too. I got all that for free.”
Flights with Epstein
Why would a man with Bill Clinton's history cultivate friends like these? This is, after all, the candidate whose campaign was nearly derailed by the emergence of his longtime mistress, Gennifer Flowers, in 1992. Then came Paula Jones (claiming sexual harassment), Kathleen Willey (same), Juanita Broaddrick (rape) and, most famously, Lewinsky, the White House intern whose liaisons with Clinton led to his impeachment.
According to Lewinsky's testimony in the Starr Report, Clinton told her that he'd had “hundreds of affairs” early on in his marriage, but now he was trying to be faithful. That, she said, was the reason he gave for ending their relationship.
The former president has also been rumored to have had affairs with Barbra Streisand, Eleanor Mondale, Sharon Stone and most recently with a woman code-named “Energizer” by his Secret Service detail.
Bill's decision to befriend Epstein, however, seems uniquely self-destructive.
Epstein, 62, is often called a self-made billionaire, though his actual net worth remains undocumented. He began his career as a teacher at Dalton before leaving for Bear Stearns and then going into business for himself as a financial adviser. According to a 2002 profile in New York magazine, Epstein only took clients who invested at least $1 billion and gave him complete control of the money.
Epstein is also a career collector of mega-rich, mega-powerful friends: In addition to Bill Clinton, Epstein has socialized with Stephen Hawking and Prince Andrew.
Virginia Roberts, who filed an affidavit in Florida federal court, claims that she was groomed by Epstein's longtime companion Ghislaine Maxwell, daughter of the late media mogul Robert Maxwell, to become one of Epstein's many underage “sex slaves” when she was 15 years old.
Now 31, married and a mother of three, Roberts claims in court documents that Epstein later forced her to have sex with Prince Andrew three times, once as part of an 11-person orgy.
“Epstein and Maxwell trained me to do what they wanted, including sexual activities and the use of sexual toys,” she says in court documents. “The training was in New York and Florida, in Epstein's mansions. It was basically every day and was like going to school. I also had to have sex with Epstein many times. I was trained to be ‘everything a man wanted.' ”
Prince Andrew has denied Roberts' claims. Roberts also stated she never saw Bill Clinton having sex with anyone.
According to the 2002 New York profile, Epstein became friendly with Bill when the former president was shopping around for a free private plane ride to Africa. Along for the trip were the actors Kevin Spacey and Chris Tucker.
Flight logs show that Bill Clinton would later fly on Epstein's private plane at least 11 times — several with Maxwell on board, and at least once with a soft-core porn star. Roberts has also said that Clinton visited Epstein's private “Orgy Island” several times. Court documents show that Epstein had 21 private email addresses and phone numbers for Clinton and an aide.
In 2005, Palm Beach police responded to a complaint filed by a woman who claimed her 14-year-old daughter was lured to Epstein's mansion. There, the girl was forced to undress and massage Epstein and was paid $300.
In all, it's believed Epstein had 40 victims in Palm Beach alone. The Daily Beast reported that some of Epstein's victims claimed he imported girls from Europe and South America, and that three were 12 years old. They were a treat to himself for his birthday.
Epstein hired a team of lawyers — among them Ken Starr, Bill Clinton's old nemesis. In the end, Epstein pleaded guilty to just one count of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution. He served a year under nominal house arrest.
Surviving again?
Bill Clinton cut ties with Epstein 10 years ago, but the emergence of these flight logs raises serious questions. Since leaving the White House, Bill, now 68, has repositioned himself as a humanitarian, distinguished elder statesman and supportive husband, softened by a quadruple bypass in 2004, his daughter's marriage and the birth of his granddaughter last year.
The old Bill, the quaint letch, was meant to be left behind in the 1990s. But clearly, that was never the case. If anything, Bill seems to have become more reckless.
In 1998, at the height of the Lewinsky scandal and looming impeachment, he managed to save his own presidency in large part because Hillary stood by him. In return, he was meant to do what it took when it was her turn to run.
If, on some level, he wanted her to lose the nomination, he did a great job. What became clear to Hillary's camp through the 2008 campaign, according to “Game Change,” was that Bill Clinton would do whatever he wanted to do. His blow-up right before the South Carolina primary, in which he called Obama's anti-war stance “a fairy tale,” led to her crushing defeat.
“On garish display,” the authors wrote, “was Clinton violating the cardinal rule that was supposed to govern his conduct from the start of Hillary's campaign: Don't overshadow your wife.”
And so it begins, again.
Watch Rose Parade Online Live Stream: Start Time Heats Up New Years Day
LOS ANGELES (LALATE) – You can watch the Rose Parade live streaming video online Friday January 1, 2016 for free. However, what is the start time on the Rose Parade 2016, how can you watch the Rose Parade online 1/1/16, and where is the free live stream video?
Friday's Rose Parade Online live streaming video (video below) is being provided by both KTLA.com and other channels. The parade had a start time of 8 am PST, 11 am EST. And it runs for about two hours. Officials tell news “The 127th Rose Parade presented by Honda begins at 8:00AM and will feature floral floats, spirited marching bands and high-stepping equestrian units along the 5 1/2 mile route down Colorado Boulevard. Experience – in person – the magic of New Year's Day in an unrivaled celebration, exclusive to the streets of Pasadena!”
If you want to see the parade live in person, you will need a ticket and been in location by 6:30 am PST, officials tell news. And the parade route has been released as well. “The 5 1/2-mile Rose Parade route begins at the corner of Green Street and Orange Grove Boulevard in Pasadena. The parade travels north on Orange Grove at a leisurely 2 1/2-mile per hour pace and then turns east onto Colorado Boulevard, where the majority of the parade viewing takes place. Near the end of the route, the parade turns north onto Sierra Madre Boulevard and concludes at Villa Street.”
The Parade's Twitter handle posted amazing pictures every year. But below is live streaming video of the parade via KTLA that will go active at 8 am PST on New Year's Day.
LALATE ABOUT THIS AUTHOR || Editor-in-Chief: Maria Stabile | Maria in ten years has propelled LALATE to become a leading news authority in sports, entertainment, and national news, LALATE has been cited in countless international newspapers (including the Wall Street Journal, New York Times and LA Times), international television news broadcasts including ABC News, books including The Iraq War: Origins and Consequences, tv programs including MTV News, and magazines. For over a decade, LALATE has been a proud licensed member of the St Louis, MO Press Club. || TO CONTACT THIS AUTHOR | Email Address: mstabile@lalate.com | Telephone: 314-400-8010 | Follow-on Twitter: Twitter.com/LALATE | Biography: http://news.lalate.com/author/maria-stabile/ | LALATE Staff & Physical Address: http://news.lalate.com/staff/
BRUSSELS/ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece snubbed its international lenders and legislated plans on Thursday to give pensioners a one-off Christmas bonus despite misgivings from creditors in a standoff over the country's third bailout.
European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Pierre Moscovici attends a news conference with Portugal's Finance minister Mario Centeno (not pictured) in Lisbon, Portugal November 18, 2016. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
Lenders announced on Wednesday that they were suspending a deal clinched earlier this month to offer Greece short-term debt relief after Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras unexpectedly said he would grant low-income pensioners a pre-Christmas payoff.
The move by Tsipras infuriated officials in Germany and several other member states, but French President Francois Hollande and his finance minister came to Tsipras's defense on Thursday in a sign of European divisions over how to handle Greece.
As shadowboxing over dealing with Greece's conundrum deepened on the sidelines of an EU summit in Brussels, lawmakers in Athens backed the decision to allocate 617 million euros - a surplus from savings - in a bonus to pensioners.
“(Greek) people have to see that sacrifices of now six, seven years are at last starting to pay off,” said Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos in a visit to Brussels.
But jaded by those sacrifices and almost a dozen pension cuts which has pushed almost half of the country's elderly into poverty, about 5,000 pensioners marched peacefully through the streets of Athens on Thursday night.
“We came here to send a message. No more!,” protesting pensioner Efstratios Bozos told Reuters.
“Our pensions have become restaurant tips.”
Arriving at an EU summit in Brussels, Hollande said it was wrong to prevent Greece from taking “sovereign decisions” and suggested that euro zone ministers had not granted Athens sufficient debt relief.
REFORM IMPLEMENTATION
Finance minister Michel Sapin, speaking in Paris, expressed understanding for Tsipras's decision to spend 617 million euros on pensioners because Greece had exceeded its 2016 primary surplus target.
Greece unveiled the pensioner payout and a separate decision to keep lower value-added tax on some islands without consulting euro zone governments, which now own most of Greece's public debt, although the bailout agreement says it must.
The consultation would have given lenders time to assess the fiscal and economic consequences of the two Greek decisions for the bailout reform program and targets. Germany has asked the institutions to check if the Greek decisions are in line with bailout obligations.
The differences come amid a deep rift between Athens, its European partners and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) over the reforms needed to get the Greek economy, in recession since 2009, back on track.
The IMF sees the euro zone's economic targets for Greece as overly ambitious and the assumptions about reform implementation too optimistic.
The IMF is also at odds with Germany and some other northern European countries over granting Greece more significant debt relief. Berlin wants to retain leverage over Athens and is reluctant to grant it favors that could anger conservative allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel before a federal election in the autumn.
The IMF, which participated in the first two bailouts for Greece, has so far refused to inject funds this time amid the standoff over economic assumptions and debt relief.
The upcoming Isle Of Dogs looks wonderful, with a post-apocalyptic world full of garbage, dogs, and celebrated character actors offering wry asides over '60s British Invasion B-sides, presumably. It's also, for director Wes Anderson, a return to the stop-motion animation style of his 2009 sleeper classic Fantastic Mr. Fox, which has quietly gained a following among some of the director's fans as the auteur's low-key masterpiece.
One such fan is video essayist Karsten Runquist, who declares it his “favorite film” and explains why in a short video essay. He argues that there's a lot more going on than was initially apparent in Anderson's Roald Dahl adaptation—namely, a richer, seemingly “sad” ending that teaches children a more important lesson than most ostensible children's films attempt. The key is the short, puzzling “Canis lupus” scene, in which the anthropomorphic stars of the film briefly interact with a wild wolf. It sets a hopeful context for the seemingly diminished ambitions of Mr. Fox at the film's conclusion, in which he finds himself still living in a hole, but newly accepting of it.
Advertisement
Anderson's one of those directors whose various films can all be argued as his indisputable best, and Runquist's attachment to Mr. Fox seems based more than a little on personal connection. At the very least, it's a compelling argument to internalize so you can more knowingly rebut it the next time you are forced to convince people that, no, actually Grand Budapest Hotel is his best movie.
"It's almost like it isn't in New York City, anymore," stated a confused Hughes who swore up and down that he would only support a soccer team in New York.
According to sources, Hughes spent the last 30 minutes attempting to find information on whether the PATH train that services New York and New Jersey also connects out to Connecticut before giving up stating, "I didn't follow a club, in this city, run by billionaires so I could learn how to get outside the city to go to a home game. This is some bullshit!"
The game between NYCFC and Houston Dynamo was re-scheduled as the primary tenants of Yankee Stadium (The New York Yankees), had a makeup game scheduled on the same date. As NYCFC are merely just renting out the facility they were forced to move, temporarily, to Pratt & Whitney Stadium in Connecticut.
"I wouldn't go out to New Jersey for soccer and I'm sure as hell not going out to Connecticut," stated an adamant Hughes as he contemplated purchasing tickets for the game as NYCFC invalidated his season tickets for the match requiring NYCFC fans to request a refund for the game and then re-purchase any seats they have in an utterly bizarre bunch of bullshit that surprised even the cynical assholes that run this rag.
"I can't believe that my season tickets won't get me into this game by default! Screw this."
The Nutmeg News will have more on this dumpster fire of an idea as it happens.
Mark Twain – MURDERER!
Mark Twain may be the most famous American ever to be accused of murder (albeit briefly); all over an umbrella.
On May 18, 1875 in Hartford, Connecticut, Mark Twain, and a record crowd of 10,000 fans, watched their undefeated Hartford Dark Blues (12-0) lose to the undefeated Boston Red Stockings (16-0) by a convincing score of 10-5.
Mark Twain lost an umbrella at the game; stolen, he said, by a small boy. He wanted it back - badly; he offered $5 for return of the umbrella and $200 for the boy - dead, not alive:
TWO HUNDRED AND
FIVE DOLLARS REWARD
At the great baseball match on Tuesday, while I was engaged in hurrahing, a small boy walked off with an English-made brown silk UMBRELLA belonging to me, and forgot to bring it back. I will pay $5 for the return of that umbrella in good condition to my home on Farmington avenue. I do not want the boy (in an active state) but will pay two hundred dollars for his remains. SAMUEL L. CLEMENS [i]
As a well-known humorist, few readers would have taken his call for blood seriously – that is, until a corpse turned up in his home:
Some medical student left a “case” – the corpse of a boy – at his house, and Mark was thought to have been his murderer until the janitor of the medical college claimed the “subject.” Mark Twain's joking advertisement for the body of the boy who stole his umbrella at a baseball match recoiled rather heavily upon him.Some medical student left a “case” – the corpse of a boy – at his house, and Mark was thought to have been his murderer until the janitor of the medical college claimed the “subject.” [ii]
The Bombardment of Ellwood during World War II was a naval attack by a Japanese submarine against the United States coastal targets near Santa Barbara, California. Though damage was minimal, the event was key in triggering the West Coast invasion scare and influenced the decision to intern Japanese-Americans. The event also marked the first shelling of the North American mainland during the conflict.
Background [ edit ]
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, seven Japanese submarines patrolled the American West Coast. They sank two merchant ships and damaged six more, skirmishing twice with U.S. Navy air or sea forces. By the end of December, the submarines had all returned to friendly waters to resupply. However, several had gone to Kwajalein, and would pay a return visit to American waters. One of these was the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-17. The I-17 displaced 3,654 long tons (3,713 t) when submerged and was 365 ft 6 in (111.40 m) long. Her armament included six 20 in (510 mm) torpedo tubes and 17 torpedoes, plus a 14-cm deck gun. She carried 101 officers and men, captained by Commander Kozo Nishino.
The Japanese government, concerned about President Roosevelt's radio speech scheduled for February 23, 1942, ordered a Japanese submarine to shell the California coast on that day.[1] A naval reserve officer, Nishino had commanded a pre-war merchant ship that sailed through the Santa Barbara Channel. His ship had once stopped at the Ellwood Oil Field to take on a cargo of oil.
Bombardment [ edit ]
About 1900 (7:00 pm) on 23 February 1942, the I-17 came to a stop opposite the Ellwood field. Nishino ordered his deck gun cleared for action. Its crew took aim at a Richfield aviation fuel tank just beyond the beach. The Japanese opened fire about 15 minutes later, the first rounds landing near a storage facility. The oil field's workmen had mostly returned home, but a skeleton crew on duty heard the rounds impact. They took it to be an internal explosion, until one man spotted the I-17 in the distance. An oiler named G. Brown later told reporters that the enemy submarine looked so big to him he thought it must be a cruiser or a destroyer, until he realized that just one gun was firing.
Nishino soon ordered his men to aim at the second storage tank. Brown and the others called the police, as the Japanese shells continued to fall around them.
Firing in the dark on a submarine buffeted by waves, it was inevitable that many rounds would miss their target. One round passed over Wheeler's Inn, whose owner Laurence Wheeler promptly called the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office. A deputy sheriff assured him that warplanes were already on their way, but none ever arrived. The Japanese shells destroyed a derrick and a pump house, while the Ellwood Pier and a catwalk suffered minor damage. After 20 minutes, the gunners ceased fire and the submarine sailed away. Estimates of the number of explosive shells fired ranged from a minimum of 12 to as many as 25. Even though he caused only light damage, Nishino had achieved his purpose, which was to spread fear along the American west coast.
Reverend Arthur Basham of Montecito called the police to claim he had seen the enemy submarine from his home. He said the I-17 turned south towards Los Angeles, apparently flashing signal lights to someone on shore. In reality, the I-17 had sailed west, returning to Japan in safety.
Aftermath [ edit ]
The reports of Nishino's attack caused hundreds to flee inland. Since several people in Santa Barbara claimed to have seen "signal lights", a blackout was ordered for the rest of the night. the baseless claims of "signals" were used to justify Franklin D. Roosevelt's controversial internment of Japanese Americans (U.S. citizens included), which began just one week later.[citation needed]
One night after the Elwood attack, the Battle of Los Angeles took place. In response to claimed sightings of "enemy aircraft", anti-aircraft batteries opened fire all across the city, causing panic among its residents.
Japanese submarines continued to conduct occasional attacks against allied shipping off the U.S. coast during the rest of the war. Sent to American waters in hopes of targeting warships, the submarines managed to sink only a handful of merchant ships, besides conducting minor attacks on shore targets. These consisted of a bombardment of Fort Stevens on the Columbia River, an attack on a Canadian lighthouse on Vancouver Island, and two minor air raids launched from a submarine in an attempt to start forest fires in southwest Oregon.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Hamilton, Nigel (2015). The Mantle of Command: FDR at War, 1941–1942. New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 216. ISBN 978-0544227842.
Further reading [ edit ]
Coordinates:
New findings from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service suggest as many as 6.7 million bats across the United States and Canada have died. The cause of the death: a disorder known as white-nose syndrome, a malady that is at the helm of one of the worst wildlife disease epidemics in North America.
These new numbers cast more worry over the potential endangerment of the mammal, as well as the ecological ripple-effects that could result in relation to the role bats play in pest regulation, plant pollination and seed dispersal.
White-nose syndrome is a fungal infection characterised by white fungal growths on the nose or wing membrane of the bat, often forming when the bat is in hibernation. Although this white fungus on the nose or wings is usually brushed off when the bat exits hibernation, the disease has been seen to penetrate the connective tissue of their skin and muzzle. Other observations of bats with white-nose syndrome indicated irregular behaviour such as going outside during the day.
The first sign of the disease came from a photograph taken at Howes Cave outside Albany, N.Y. in Feb. 2006, of a bat with the disease, and has since been the subject of many studies. The contagion soon spread to other areas across North America, hitting 16 states in the U.S. and four provinces in Canada, with some colonies having mortality rates as high as 100 per cent. To date, the disease has been found in six different species of bats.
The Geomyces species of fungus responsible for white-nose syndrome has characteristics that distinguish it from other fungi. Although the fungal hypha (filamentous fungal projections) has been seen to replace hair follicles and sweat glands, it has also been observed to erode the epidermis of the ears and wings of bats. This feature separates it from many known human fungal infections, which infect only the surface of the skin.
Bats are nocturnal creatures that hibernate from November to March within caves and mines. Many hypothesize the reason why so many bats have contracted the disease may lay in the optimal conditions for fungal growth in their hibernation habitat. Studies on an isolated sample of the fungus have shown that it grows optimally at a temperature of five to 10 C, in humid areas (above 90 per cent) and darkness. The fungus is granted year-round growth while the bats are in hibernation because these optimal conditions can be found in caves and mines (where temperatures range from 2-14 C).
Scientists have compared the recent outbreak of white-nose syndrome to another fungal illness, called “chytridiomycosis.” The disease, which has been found to be lethal among amphibians such as frogs, is caused by the chytrid fungal pathogen Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis. The fungus causes a thickening of the skin of the frog, leading to further complications often resulting in death. Similar to white-nose syndrome, chytridiomycosis has caused global declines in amphibian populations and has been called “the worst case of disease-caused vertebrate biodiversity decline in recorded history.”
Bats have a profound impact on our ecology and economy. The majority of bat species have a diet that consists entirely of insects. Bats are able to eat hundreds if not thousands of insects a night. The studies suggest that, with a dwindling bat population, insect control (including the control of insects deadly to humans) will be adversely affected. Scientists have estimated that bats save U.S. farms up to US $53 billion per year from not having to use pesticides to protect from insect infestation. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe, in an interview with the Environmental News Servie (ENS), said the new decline in populations will have a direct impact on the North American economy.
Steps have been taken to try to stop the epidemic. The U.S. congress recently directed the Department of the Interior (which protects U.S. natural resources) to assign US $4 million to research on white-nose syndrome. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service have closed caves and mines in the past in order to stop the spread of the disease. In an interview with the ENS, Mollie Matteson with the Center for Biological Diversity has stated: “While it's heartening to see some money allocated for white-nose syndrome, today's new mortality estimates are a wake-up call that we need to do more, and fast.”
illustration by Kara Passey
Just when you're starting to think that the entire country is going down the tubes sideways, a story comes along to remind you that it all just might work out in the end after all. Todd Starnes at Fox News uncovered one of those small town stories of political correctness infecting the courts and running completely off the rails this week. At Brandon High School in Mississippi, the traditional Friday Night football game was missing their halftime show. The school's marching band had been ordered off the field because their presentation included the hymn How Great Thou Art. That may sound strange, but it was the result of a court order. (Fox)
In 2013 a student sued the district over a series of Christian meetings that had been held on school property, the newspaper reported. The district later settled the lawsuit and acknowledged they had violated the student's First Amendment rights. In July, U.S. District Court Judge Carlton Reeves ruled the district had violated the agreement after a Christian minister delivered a prayer at an awards ceremony. Judge Reeves, who was appointed to the bench by President Obama, came down hard on the school district — ordering them to pay thousands of dollars in fines. He also warned the district that future violations would cost them $10,000. “Defendants are permanently enjoined from including prayer, religious sermons or activities in any school sponsored event including but not limited to assemblies, graduations, award ceremonies, athletic events and any other school event,” the order reads.
I suppose the marching band playing a hymn out on the football field falls under the category of “prayer, religious sermons or activities.” So the band was benched and it looked like it would be a quiet and significantly less joyous halftime. That is, as Starnes described it, until one person stood up. Then another. And another. And before you knew it, this is what happened.
Starnes describes the event beautifully.
And what they did — would become known as the musical shot heard around the world. During halftime of Friday night's game – a lone voice began to sing the forbidden song. “Then sings my soul, my Savior God to Thee,” the singer sang. Brittany Mann was there and she witnessed the entire moment of defiance. “We were just sitting there and then one by one people started to stand,” she told me. “At first, it started out as a hum but the sound got louder and louder.” She said it was a “truly incredible” moment to watch hundreds of people singing together in the stadium.
People often scoff at the idea of a “slippery slope” in politics, but this is probably one of the prime examples of how real the premise can be. When the courts decided to ban prayer in school it opened the door to a virtual extermination of religion on school grounds. It's simply ludicrous to believe that there is some threat being posed by a school band playing the instrumental version of a hymn. It also reinforces the politically correct idea that, beyond freedom of religion, your freedom of speech somehow includes the idea that you are protected against hearing any speech you disagree with. If we found a school where children of other faiths were being forced to participate in a prayer to a different god than the one they worship, I'd be right on board with criticizing them. But the idea that you can never be exposed to a different religion is insane.
And while we're on the subject, how did we wind up at the point where it simply applies to schools? The basis for that argument was that the schools were funded with taxpayer money, but wouldn't the same rationale then be applied to any government function on all government property? How is it that the President can attend the National Prayer Breakfast every year? For that matter, when the current president was inaugurated, how is it that we could have an invocation, a benediction and the playing of the Battle Hymn of the Republic on government property? There's a big disconnect in these rulings and this Mississippi judge is a prime symptom of what's gone wrong.
Experience a New Science of Instant Transformation
The dawn of this new Quantum Age presents you with the radical new paradigm--that you are not your body or your situation, but instead are pure energy, pure consciousness. You exist in an interconnected holographic multiverse in which you are literally jumping from one parallel universe to another with every choice you make. Through such quantum jumps, in a moment you can become smarter... more confident... happier... more outgoing... more effective... in better relationships... with more willpower. You can gain practical tools to achieve real change in your life, and leap forward to become happier and more prosperous, living the life of your dreams. Join me in exploring the place where science comes together with inspiration and imagination.
Bigger than the Mandela Effect
One of the main reasons the "Mandela Effect" grabs peoples' attention is that it demonstrates that facts and histories can change. Increasing numbers of people are observing changes to human anatomy, geography, passages in books, products, movies, and more. If there is no boundary line demarcating the end of the classical physics world and the beginning of the ‘quantum realm,' we start to see what the Mandela Effects and reality shifts are telling us, and where they may be taking us, too. Relativity may apply to spaceship travelers and quantum measurements alike—and such ‘quantum phenomena' as teleportation, tunneling, entanglement, and superposition of states might be witnessed all the way up to the realm of the immensely, gigantically enormously huge star systems, galaxies, and constellations.
Reality shifts and the “Mandela Effect” thus offers to take humanity out of a presumption of material realism and classical True-False logic into the realm of quantum logic, where facts are entangled and sometimes seemingly unrelated things move together coherently, like birds of a flock moving in perfect synchrony. Quantum logic invites us to consider how something can be: True, True-and-False, Not-True-Not-False, or False. Mandela Effects, reality shifts and quantum jumps show us that just because we think something is a certain way doesn't mean it will stay that way.
We can benefit from incorporating quantum consciousness in ways that positively transform all areas of academic study and our daily lives as we come to recognize alternate histories as being a natural part of existence. Medical professionals can adopt a view of spontaneous remission being a naturally occurring process, and doctors can encourage people to adopt ‘healthy beliefs' with states of mind that facilitate quantum jumps as one of the fundamental foundations of healing. We can be relatively certain that as long as we keep asking, "How good can it get?!", we will likely have a wonderful future to look forward to.
Reality Shifting Books
My best-selling books include:
Quantum Jumps
Reality Shifts
High Energy Money, and
Aura Advantage.
I've also written a young adult novel and created a meditation CD:
Lindzen Illusion #2: Lindzen vs. Hansen - the Sleek Veneer of the 1980s
Posted on 29 April 2011 by dana1981
In 1988, Hansen et al. published a global temperature projection which thus far has turned out to be quite accurate, and yet which numerous "skeptics" have widely criticized and misrepresented. As brought to our attention by Skeptical Science reader Jimbo, noted "skeptic" climate scientist Richard Lindzen gave a talk at MIT in 1989 which we can use to compare to Hansen's projections and see who has been closer to reality over the past two decades. Although to our knowledge Lindzen has never made any specific global temperature projections, he did make some statements in this talk which we can use to extrapolate what his temperature predictions might have looked like.
For example, Hansen and colleagues at NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) began compiling a global surface temperature record (GISTEMP) in 1981. As of 1988–1989, their temperature record showed that the average surface temperature had risen approximately 0.5 to 0.7°C since 1880, when the record begins. Lindzen, however, disputed the accuracy of GISTEMP:
"The trouble is that the earlier data suggest that one is starting at what probably was an anomalous minimum near 1880. The entire record would more likely be saying that the rise is 0.1 degree plus or minus 0.3 degree....I would say, and I don't think I'm going out on a very big limb, that the data as we have it does not support a warming. Whether it contradicts it is a matter of taste"
It turns out that Lindzen's first statement here was incorrect. According to the slightly longer temperature record of the Hadley Centre, 1880 was closer to a local maximum than a minimum. But more importantly, he is claiming here that the average global surface temperature trend between 1880 and 1989 is approximately 0.1°C. Lindzen proceeds to effectively assert that any greenhouse gas warming signal is swamped out by the noise of natural internal variability.
"I personally feel that the likelihood over the next century of greenhouse warming reaching magnitudes comparable to natural variability seems small"
As we recently discussed, natural variability rarely results in more than 0.2 to 0.3°C warming on decadal timescales, so Lindzen is clearly predicting a very small amount of greenhouse warming over the next century. Using these quotes, I reconstructed what I think are two reasonable approximations of global temperature projections based on Lindzen's belief of the small warming effects of greenhouse gases. I want to be explicit that these projections are my interpretation of Lindzen's comments, not Lindzen's own projections.
In both reconstructions, I used the 1880 GISTEMP temperature anomaly (-0.3°C) as the baseline and added some random noise with an amplitude consistent with internal variability (approximately 0.4°C). In the first reconstruction, I then simply added in a linear trend of approximately 0.1°C warming per century.
In the second Lindzen reconstruction, I first calculated, assuming Lindzen's purported 0.1°C warming between 1880 and 1989 were accurate and was caused by CO2 (since the net non-CO2 forcing has been approximately zero), what the climate sensitivity would be, using the following formula and the CO2 levels in 1989 (353 ppm) and pre-industrial (280 ppm):
For a temperature change of 0.1°C, this results in a climate sensitivity parameter (λ) of 0.08 Kelvin per Watts per square meter, or 0.3°C for a doubling of atmospheric CO2. For comparison, the IPCC most likely climate sensitivity value is ten times larger, at 3°C for doubled CO2.
I then used this sensitivity in the same formula above with the annual CO2 levels to add the annual CO2 temperature change to the 1880 baseline plus random noise for Lindzen reconstruction #2.
Alongside these reconstructions I also plotted Hansen et al. (1988) Scenarios A, B, and C. As discussed by NASA GISS's Gavin Schmidt, Scenario B was the closest to the actual radiative forcing changes since 1998, but was approximately 10% too high in this regard. Thus I also created an "adjusted" Scenario B to reflect what Hansen's data would have looked like had he correctly projected the greenhouse gas increase.
In the first figure below, these projections are compared to the average of GISTEMP's land and land-ocean temperature records, which may be the most relevant for comparison to Hansen et al. 1988. As in Hansen's original 1988 paper, we begin plotting the data in 1957, and of course as we have previously discussed, GISTEMP is consistent with all the other surface and satellite temperature data sets.
As you can see, Hansen's Scenario B is not far from reality, with a warming trend since 1984 (0.26°C per decade) approximately 30% too high (compared to our average GISTEMP trend of 0.20°C per decade), and the adjusted Scenario B even closer, with a warming trend just 17% higher than observed.
Our reconstructions of Lindzen's projections, on the other hand, increasingly diverge from reality. His warming trend of approximately 0.01°C to 0.02°C per decade is 90 to 95% too low. This is further illustrated in the figure below, which isolates the adjusted Scenario B, our second Lindzen reconstruction, and the GISTEMP average (we have also added this figure to the high resolution climate graphics resource page).
Additionally, Dr. Hansen's 1988 climate model was a bit more sensitive to greenhouse gas changes than the models used by climate scientists today, with a sensitivity of 4.2°C for a doubling of CO2. We can further adjust his Scenario B to reflect the IPCC climate sensitivity of 3°C to determine what today's climate model projections would have looked like in 1988.
As you can see, the projection matches up very well with the observed temperature increase. This supports the IPCC most likely climate sensitivity value of 3°C for doubled CO2.
This analysis demonstrates that Hansen has a record of highly accurate climate projections over the past two decades, while Lindzen has a record of inaccuracy. Indeed, Lindzen continues to argue for low climate sensitivity to this day (not quite as low as 0.3°C, but he continues to argue it's below 1°C for doubled CO2 [i.e. Lindzen and Choi 2009]).
Given all the heat "skeptics" have directed towards Hansen for his projections' slight overestimate of the subsequent warming, one can only wonder what they must think about the massive underestimate of this warming based on Lindzen's 1989 comments.
As Americans honor those 2403 men, women, and children killedand 1178 woundedin the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii on December 7, 1941, recently released government documents concerning that surprise raid compel us to revisit some troubling questions.
At issue is American foreknowledge of Japanese military plans to attack Hawaii by a submarine and carrier force 59 years ago. There are two questions at the top of the foreknowledge list: (1) whether President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his top military chieftains provoked Japan into an overt act of war directed at Hawaii, and (2) whether Japans military plans were obtained in advance by the United States but concealed from the Hawaiian military commanders, Admiral Husband E. Kimmel and Lieutenant General Walter Short so they would not interfere with the overt act.
The latter question was answered in the affirmative on October 30, 2000, when President Bill Clinton signed into law, with the support of a bipartisan Congress, the National Defense Authorization Act. Amidst its omnibus provisions, the Act reverses the findings of nine previous Pearl Harbor investigations and finds that both Kimmel and Short were denied crucial military intelligence that tracked the Japanese forces toward Hawaii and obtained by the Roosevelt Administration in the weeks before the attack.
Congress was specific in its finding against the 1941 White House: Kimmel and Short were cut off from the intelligence pipeline that located Japanese forces advancing on Hawaii. Then, after the successful Japanese raid, both commanders were relieved of their commands, blamed for failing to ward off the attack, and demoted in rank.
President Clinton must now decide whether to grant the request by Congress to restore the commanders to their 1941 ranks. Regardless of what the Commander-in-Chief does in the remaining months of his term, these congressional findings should be widely seen as an exoneration of 59 years of blame assigned to Kimmel and Short.
But one important question remains: Does the blame for the Pearl Harbor disaster revert to President Roosevelt?
A major motion picture based on the attack is currently under production by Walt Disney Studios and scheduled for release in May 2001. The producer, Jerry Bruckheimer, refuses to include Americas foreknowledge in the script. When Bruckheimer commented on FDRs foreknowledge in an interview published earlier this year, he said Thats all b___s___.
Yet, Roosevelt believed that provoking Japan into an attack on Hawaii was the only option he had in 1941 to overcome the powerful America First non-interventionist movement led by aviation hero Charles Lindbergh. These anti-war views were shared by 80 percent of the American public from 1940 to 1941. Though Germany had conquered most of Europe, and her U-Boats were sinking American ships in the Atlantic Oceanincluding warshipsAmericans wanted nothing to do with Europes War.
However, Germany made a strategic error. She, along with her Axis partner, Italy, signed the mutual assistance treaty with Japan, the Tripartite Pact, on September 27, 1940. Ten days later, Lieutenant Commander Arthur McCollum, a U.S. Naval officer in the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI), saw an opportunity to counter the U.S. isolationist movement by provoking Japan into a state of war with the U.S., triggering the mutual assistance provisions of the Tripartite Pact, and bringing America into World War II.
Memorialized in McCollums secret memo dated October 7, 1940, and recently obtained through the Freedom of Information Act, the ONI proposal called for eight provocations aimed at Japan. Its centerpiece was keeping the might of the U.S. Fleet based in the Territory of Hawaii as a lure for a Japanese attack.
President Roosevelt acted swiftly. The very next day, October 8, 1940, the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Fleet, Admiral James O. Richardson, was summoned to the Oval Office and told of the provocative plan by the President. In a heated argument with FDR, the admiral objected to placing his sailors and ships in harms way. Richardson was then fired and in his place FDR selected an obscure naval officer, Rear Admiral Husband E. Kimmel, to command the fleet in Hawaii. Kimmel was promoted to a four-star admiral and took command on February 1, 1941. In a related appointment, Walter Short was promoted from Major General to a three-star Lieutenant General and given command of U.S. Army troops in Hawaii.
Throughout 1941, FDR implemented the remaining seven provocations. He then gauged Japanese reaction through intercepted and decoded communications intelligence originated by Japans diplomatic and military leaders.
The island nations militarists used the provocations to seize control of Japan and organized their military forces for war against the U.S., Great Britain, and the Netherlands. The centerpiecethe Pearl Harbor attackwas leaked to the U.S. in January 1941. During the next 11 months, the White House followed the Japanese war plans through the intercepted and decoded diplomatic and military communications intelligence.
Japanese leaders failed in basic security precautions. At least 1,000 Japanese military and diplomatic radio messages per day were intercepted by monitoring stations operated by the U.S. and her Allies, and the message contents were summarized for the White House. The intercept summaries were clear: Pearl Harbor would be attacked on December 7, 1941, by Japanese forces advancing through the Central and North Pacific Oceans. On November 27 and 28, 1941, Admiral Kimmel and General Short were ordered to remain in a defensive posture for the United States desires that Japan commit the first overt act. The order came directly from President Roosevelt.
As I explained to a policy forum audience at The Independent Institute in Oakland, California, which was videotaped and telecast nationwide over the Fourth of July holiday earlier this year, my research of U.S. naval records shows that not only were Kimmel and Short cut off from the Japanese communications intelligence pipeline, so were the American people. It is a coverup that has lasted for nearly 59 years.
Immediately after December 7, 1941, military communications documents that disclose American foreknowledge of the Pearl Harbor disaster were locked in U.S. Navy vaults away from the prying eyes of congressional investigators, historians, and authors. Though the Freedom of Information Act freed the foreknowledge documents from the secretive vaults to the sunlight of the National Archives in 1995, a cottage industry continues to cover up Americas foreknowledge of Pearl Harbor.
THE American tourist at the centre of a five-day search in Co Donegal last September is planning to return this summer to personally thank those who found her.
Kelly Jones, 42, returned to the States with her father Rick after her ordeal.
She had told gardai before she left that she ‘blacked out' for five days before she was found inside a renovated rectory in Glencolmcille.
Miss Jones has told friends on the internet that she wants to return to Donegal to “personally thank” her rescuers.
Her father, a former professor of animal science at The University of Georgia, thanked rescuers after the ordeal last September.
“They spent many, many hours to find Kelly. I was talking to a few of them and they were just thrilled. It's been a plus for them. They really worked very hard. They were elated,” he said at the time.
“I don't think we know what happened. I am not certain myself. We all have a lot of questions.”
Mr Jones said Kelly is an only child. Her mother passed away some years ago. His daughter had been fascinated with Ireland from an early age and had traced a great-grandmother called Collins to Co Antrim.
“The fact that she had red hair may have entered into her mind as having Irish descendancy. She was an avid reader of literature and poetry and she read stories about Ireland. Her love of it may have grown from that and from the music. She knew of U2.
The 64-year-old said Kelly worked in various jobs in the food and beverage industry, mainly waiting. She was born in Texas, but worked in Charleston South Carolina and he lives Georgia.
Now Kelly is hoping to visit Co Donegal again this summer.
AMERICAN TOURIST IN MISSING ALERT PLANS RETURN TO GLENCOLMCILLE was last modified: by
Tags:
While much has been made of the fact that the Hamilton Tiger-Cats do not have a kicker under contract at the moment, there is one other glaring hole in the roster: the absence of a proven strong-side or SAM linebacker.
The position poses some unique challenges. It requires a linebacker's tackling ability, but the coverage skills of defensive back. It is the toughest spot to play on a CFL defence and there is no real NFL comparison, so knowledge of the Canadian game is a must.
Hamilton has had some great players in recent memory at the position: Markeith Knowlton, who was named the league's top defensive player in 2010, and Erik Harris, who is now with the New Orleans Saints, are two recent SAM standouts.
But, the position was a bit of a no man's land last year, as the Ticats started four different players — Rico Murray, Brandon Sermons, Keon Raymond and Jeremaine Robinson — none of whom are currently under contract with the club
While SAM was a concern last season, the biggest trouble spot was actually the entire secondary. So it's hardly a surprise that the Ticats went looking for upgrades this off-season. They brought Abdul Kanneh over from Ottawa, and brought back all-star Emanuel Davis in free agency. They signed two American rookies in Keon Lyn and Axel Ofori, Jr., traded with Montreal for Ethan Davis, re-signed Cleshawn Page and recently added four other American DBs, including former New York Giant, Will Hill.
Add in holdovers: Cassius Vaughn, Demond Washington, Dominique Ellis, Chris Davis and Travis Lee, and the Ticats currently have 15 American defensive backs on their roster. Obviously, not all these players will make the team out of training camp, but they'll have plenty of competition — and the option to convert a defensive back to the SAM spot.
That evolution is par for the course in the CFL. Raymond and Harris came into the CFL as defensive backs, but were moved to SAM linebacker, where they excelled. The same could happen again with the Ticats in 2017. And there are a couple players that make some sense and one that fans seem to be clamouring for: Craig Butler, Demond Washington and Dominique Ellis.
Butler's name is one you see a lot of fans bandy about when it comes to finding someone to fill the SAM role. They will talk about how he was a SAM in Saskatchewan, how moving him to SAM will give the team better ratio flexibility. Butler at SAM would allow for Courtney Stephen to stay at safety, but it could also allow Stephen to move back to field corner (where he started from 2013-2015) and start Mike Daly at safety. That flexibility would allow the Ticats to potentially start an all-American receiving corps. It is a very appealing idea for fans.
But it is not going to happen.
Syfy's hit show offers fans a chance to experience the upcoming season's opening scene through the eyes of a new character.
After an incredibly successful first season, “The Expanse” is gearing up for the next chapter of its saga through the exclusive VR first look below. The scene, directed by visual effects artist Bob Munroe (“X-Men,” “Blade”), not only introduces the new season, but also a new character who fans of the book series will be excited to meet: Bobbie Draper (Frankie Adams).
READ MORE: ‘The Expanse' Season 2 Trailer: The Sci-fi Conspiracy Series Returns for an All New Mission on Syfy
The virtual reality scene recreates the opening of the upcoming season through the perspective of Draper, as she navigates a perilous Martian landscape, accompanied by a small band of soldiers. The immersive 3D experience sets up what should be a compelling arc for Draper, a Martian Marine who finds herself thrust into the growing galactic conflict.
READ MORE: Review: ‘The Expanse' Season 1 Has Totally Changed the Game for Sci-Fi on TV
The first season received heaps of praise from both fans and critics alike, culminating in a nomination at the 2016 Saturn Awards for Best Sci-Fi TV series. Based on the best-selling book series by James S.A. Corey, “The Expanse” is set 200 years in the future, as conflicts between Earth, a colonized Mars, and the Asteroid Belt begin to arise. The story follows a detective, Joe Miller (Thomas Jane), along with ship captain James Holden (Steven Strait), and UN politician Chrisjen Avasarala (Shohreh Aghdashloo), all of who get caught up in the disappearance of a woman, as well as a conspiracy that threatens the entire solar system. The original cast is set to return for Season 2, which is slated to premiere on February 1 at 10:00 p.m. Check out the V.R. experience below.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Going into tonight's season finale of Wynonna Earp, the stakes have never been higher with Willa — the heir apparent — seemingly joining forces with Bobo and Wynonna seemingly at the mercy of an angry mob of townsfolk.
Then again, they've never been fond of her anyway.
But assuming Wynonna gets out of that mess, Bleeding Cool had the chance to ask actress Melanie Scrofano if Wynonna truly trusts her recently returned older sister. “Last time she saw her, she was thirteen-years-old and they were best friends. She can only see her, I think, as that,” the actress explained. “When Waverly starts getting the creeps, [Wynonna] can't see that, she can't believe Waverly. She thinks she knows better because she spent more time with her and knows that Willa could never be like that.”
Scrofano also pointed to the bond between the older Earp girls. “[Wynonna and Willa] bonded and Waverly was sort of an afterthought; just an annoying kid sister,” she said. “I think there are leftovers of that. Willa probably knew she couldn't use Waverly the way she could use Wynonna.”
“There are so many emotions tied to Willa's return. She has so much guilt. She feels responsible for letting Willa getting taken during the raid on the homestead.” added showrunner Emily Andras. Beyond the guilt Wynonna feels about that night, the showrunner pointed out, at some point, they stopped looking for Willa — an added source of guilt. “It almost doesn't matter if Wynonna trusts Willa or even likes her. The point is that she feels responsible for Willa and that blinds her to some of Willa's flaws.”
In recent weeks, Peacemaker seemed to favor the elder Earp, and Scrofano said it is dawning on Wynonna that becoming the heir and the “sense of purpose in life” it brought is actually important to her.
But whether It's that sense of purpose or her misgivings about killing Revenants, the actress thinks these thoughts only occur to the character in the rare quiet moment. “Like the end of episode eight,” she said. “When she kills the last of the seven [Revenants who took Willa], she has one of those quiet moments where she thinks, ‘Okay, I got what I want and I'm still not happy.' But when things are happening, she doesn't have time to think about it.”
And things happen pretty quickly in Purgatory, including Wynonna's revenge on the seven Revenants. Andras mentioned the decision to wrap up that story point evolved pretty quickly and that Syfy was happy to have the show move at a good clip. “They like a blistering pace in terms of story and mythology,” she said. But she also noted a lot of stories happens in a single episode of television these days.
“We wanted to give her a mission in the first half,” she added.
For Scrofano, her surprise at how quickly the storyline wrapped up reflected the character's own sense of “what now?”
Perhaps it will be learning the truth about Dolls' “medication.” It is still something he is not willing to give up and as Scrofano put it, “Wynonna knows you can only get so much out of Dolls by asking, so it's not good harping on it. They won't have a big heart-to-heart necessarily.” Andras, meanwhile, joked that the Black Badge agent's “sexy eye problem” is probably Wynonna's second concern after trying to figure out how many push-ups he does in a day. And like so much else in Wynonna's life, it is hard for her to see Dolls struggling when she has so much else to contend with.
“Dolls, as much as he can, is going to keep it from her,” Scrofano added.
Of course, all of the secrets and relationships have become fodder for the show's die hard fans, known as Earpers, and Scrofano said she's looking forward to reading the Twitter reaction to the season finale. “It's gratifying to share that experience with everyone,” she said. The entire main cast, including Tim Rozon, Dominique Provost-Chalkley and Shamier Anderson are all in the habit of live-tweeting the premiere of each episode. “All four of us love our show and worked so hard. So getting to watch people have fun with it and cry with it has been really satisfying for us,” she explained.
“I had no idea what live-tweeting was [when we started],” said Rozon when we talked to him. “It became the highlight of my week.”
He also admitted he tends to watch the episodes fresh as they premiere and sometimes gets lost when he gets caught up in the Twitter discussions. “I've been watching the show as a fan,” he said. As a result, he takes another look at the episodes after the live-tweeting.
In fact, Scrofano is looking forward to putting some “faces to the Twitter handles” at Comic-Con International: San Diego next month. “I'm just excited to meet some of the people we've been interacting with on Twitter because they're so cool and kind,” she said. “Other than that, I'm afraid I'll get lost or do something embarrassing.”
Wynonna Earp's season finale airs tonight on Syfy.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Greetings and salutations, lab mems and gigalomaniacs. We're guessing since you're here, you must have heard of the recent(ish) release of STEINS;GATE on Steam. We also assume you know it has several significant flaws which made playing it uncomfortable. We set out to fix those flaws, improve upon the release and make this the best version of STEINS;GATE out there.
For support, we have a Steam forums thread. Our Discord is also always open.
This was just a side project of a side project. Stay tuned, you'll be hearing again from us soon.
We're currently looking for a translator! Please take a look at our recruitment post if you think you can help.
Changelog
Version 1.03 (Sep 11, 2017)
Compatibility update for 09/11/2017 game patch.
Version 1.02 (Feb 8, 2017)
Fixed an issue where saving to file 38 would corrupt the outline texture, causing black boxes to be drawn above hyphens.
Version 1.01 (Nov 21, 2016)
Fixed crash relating to HQ Audio functionality.
Version 1.00 (Nov 21, 2016)
Initial release.
Features
Here's the full list of improvements. Each can be turned on and off individually, if you like.
Better typography
Adds word-wrapping to the phone and displays text in a nicer font.
Proper English
Fixes various typos/mistranslations in menu text.
High-quality CGs
Replaces low-quality (more heavily upscaled/compressed) translated images with edits of the high-quality Japanese originals.
High-quality FMV music
For openings and endings, plays high-quality BGM tracks instead of the included low-quality audio tracks.
Karaoke subtitles
Adds styled karaoke subtitles to openings and endings.
Forced texture filtering
Greatly improves visual quality during zoom-ins and at sub-1080p resolutions.
Black screen fix
Workaround for issue where game hangs at black screen when exiting while in fullscreen mode.
Higher-quality videos
Add subtitles to some translated videos, allowing you to use the high-quality Japanese originals. Requires manual setup, see below.
Installation instructions
This patch is for the English Steam version of STEINS;GATE. The JAST release, Steam version set to Japanese and pirated copies are not supported.
↓ Download the patch. Go to your STEINS;GATE installation folder. By default this is C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\STEINS;GATE . In case you installed the game to a different Steam library folder and need help finding it: Right click STEINS;GATE in your Steam library, go to Properties, Local Files, Browse Local Files… Open the patch archive you just downloaded. Copy its contents to the STEINS;GATE installation folder. (Optional) Run LBConfig.exe to disable or enable features.
Higher-quality video instructions
These are the (optional) steps for using softsubbed original videos in place of the hard-translated English ones. This feature is disabled by default because it involves manually redownloading gigabytes of game data twice for minor quality gains for a small amount of content. If you still wish to use it, follow these instructions:
In your Steam library, right click STEINS;GATE, go to Properties, Language and switch to Japanese. Close the properties window. Wait for the game data to finish downloading. Browse to the game folder. Copy the USRDIR\movie folder somewhere else. Switch the game language back to English. Wait for the game data to finish downloading again. Copy the previously backed up USRDIR\movie folder back in. After installing the patch, run LBConfig.exe and turn on this option.
Credits
Cypert: Image editing, subs
Image editing, subs SomeAnon, DrDaxxy: Reverse engineering, hacking
Reverse engineering, hacking zahj, SnowedEarth: Karaoke subtitles
Translated lyrics for ‘Skyclad Observer', ‘Farfalla of Fate' and ‘A.R.' taken from the previous JAST USA release of STEINS;GATE.
This project includes a number of third-party components. See this page for attribution and licenses.
It's nutty to think about, but the first time I wrote about Woodinville Whiskey for Seattle magazine was way back in 2011. Between then and today, it has had some tasty choices available, from its early Peabody Jones vodka to its Microbarreled bourbon and rye whiskeys. But in a way, it feels like those were just the opening acts. Good acts, for sure, but warmups for Saturday, September 12, when at 7 a.m. WW will release its Flagship Straight Bourbon whiskey.
Aged more than five years in new 53-gallon barrels—which were made with oak wood seasoned for 18 months, then built and slow toasted and charred—this is the first (as far as I know) craft bourbon aged this long in full-sized barrels outside of Kentucky, where 95 percent of the world's bourbon is produced. It's made using only corn and rye grown in Quincy, Wash., on the Omlin farm (grain grown exclusively for Woodinville Whiskey), and was completely crafted in the distillery in Woodinville and aged at its Quincy warehouse.
All that care and localness has paid off: it's a delicious whiskey. It has layers of flavor, spice and oak and more, from the nose to the tail, with hints of caramel sweetness offset by its sturdy 90 proof, and has already been awarded “Best of Category” Silver honors from the American Distilling Institute. While it's one to savor solo, or with a single piece of ice, it holds up perfectly in whiskey-forward drinks, too. Sipping an old fashioned made with it is a great after-dinner experience.
Which means you should get out to the distillery on September 12. The first 100 folks can pick up a pretty commemorative wooden box, and the first 1,000 bottles will be hand-numbered and initialed by the distillers, who will also sign bottles, along with Woodinville mentor and ex-Maker's Mark master distiller Dave Pickerell. Plus, San Juan Cigars will be hand-rolling bourbon-infused cigars, the distillery will be serving up complimentary coffee and pastries starting at 6:30 a.m., and the Lowdown Drifters will be providing tunes.
Originally published January 25, 2012 at 11:03 AM | Page modified January 26, 2012 at 8:03 AM
Alaska Airlines has decided that its 30-year practice of giving prayer cards to passengers — the last six years only in first class — is outdated and will stop doing it on Feb. 1.
Alaska Airlines' prayer cards always offended Gordon Bowker, not because the Seattle businessman cared what religion they represented, but because they suggested in-flight prayer was a good idea.
"I'd get a clutch in my stomach when I read it," said Bowker, who co-founded Starbucks and Redhook Ale Brewery.
"My reasoning was, if they put that card on the plate, they must be worried that something bad was going to happen. If they're worried, I'm worried."
So, Bowker took the ornery road and began reciting the prayers in his most resonant voice.
"I could respectfully remain silent, but it's their prayer and here we go — better to be safe," he joked. "We'd be flying along, and I'd say, 'Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.' "
The recitation provoked various responses, from deep embarrassment in one of his regular flying partners to nods and smiles from some fellow passengers to begging from flight attendants for him to stop.
Bowker did stop after Sept. 11, 2001, because he did not want to get kicked off a plane.
Now he won't have to stomach the cards at all.
Alaska Airlines will end its 30-plus-year tradition of presenting prayer cards on customers' meal trays next Wednesday.
Only first-class passengers have received the cards since 2006, when Alaska stopped providing meals on trays to customers in coach.
Even now, the cards appear only on flights longer than four hours, when they can be presented on a meal tray as they always have been, said spokeswoman Bobbie Egan.
The decision was made by top Alaska officials last fall and is not related to a frequent-flier partnership announced last week with the Dubai-based airline Emirates, she said.
"This difficult decision was not made lightly," Alaska Air Group CEO Bill Ayer and Alaska Airlines President Brad Tilden wrote in an email Wednesday to regular customers.
"Some of you enjoy the cards and associate them with our service," they wrote. "At the same time, we've heard from many of you who believe religion is inappropriate on an airplane."
Alaska started giving passengers prayer cards in the late 1970s.
Many people assumed the idea came from former CEO Bruce Kennedy, who did missionary work after leaving Alaska Airlines, but it was actually a marketing executive who brought the idea over from Continental Airlines.
Melissa Allison: 206-464-3312 or mallison@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @AllisonSeattle.
Seattle Times staff columnist Carol Pucci contributed to this report.
Tuesday night's first Democratic debate made clear a fascinating contrast that's emerged in this presidential election: The Democratic and Republican fields aren't simply offering different visions for America's most urgent policy challenges — they're often talking about different challenges all together.
Republicans are running in a world where border security is central and threats to religious liberty and gun rights run high. Democrats, on the other hand, see a country where wealth inequality looms large and climate change is rapidly approaching. Republicans are worried about the sanctity of life and the consequences of vaccines. Democrats, who have said hardly anything on those topics, dwell instead on paid leave and Wall Street.
Of course, there are plenty of policy areas where the two have overlapped (even if their positions haven't). Both fields have talked in their debates about gay marriage, marijuana and Social Security. But the many areas in which they're not even engaged in the same conversation are striking:
That diagram covers policy topics that have received more than a passing reference in the three debates so far (sorry, we're not including the Republican under-card debates). To be fair, the Republicans have had two debates and the Democrats only one. But substantial time in both GOP debates has been devoted to questions about character and temperament — and things Donald Trump has said — that had little to do with specific policy topics. As for which field has covered more issues, the score is about even.
Debate topics are also admittedly chosen by moderators and not the candidates themselves, but the questioning has mirrored many issues on the campaign trail, and we've included topics candidates raised in their opening and closing remarks.
Both groups have spent substantial time talking about Russia, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and nuclear weapons, so we've grouped all of those topics into "foreign policy" above. The other issues in the middle of our Venn diagram have been touched on by both parties, but not necessarily with equal heft (the "Black Lives Matter" talk in the first GOP debate, for example, was fleeting).
The areas where the two don't overlap, though, are in some ways the most interesting, as they reveal two presidential fields that often sound as if they're running in completely different elections. As for the topics left out by either party at the bottom, we're not giving anyone credit for cursory mentions of the poor.
Even 50 years after its debut, "The Trouble with Tribbles" is one of the most beloved episodes of any Star Trek. But, it turns out the episode's iconic aliens came from another sci-fi great.
David Gerrold wrote "The Trouble with Tribbles" and created the titular alien creatures. But the idea was seemingly borrowed from legendary science fiction author Robert Heinlein. Tribbles resemble " flat cats," which Heinlein created in his novel The Rolling Stones. Like Tribbles, flat cats are troublesome creatures known for rapid reproduction.
Heads of both Paramount and Desilu feared Heinlein would accuse them of plagiarism. They brought the issue to Heinlein's attention and asked for permission to continue. To their surprise, Heinlein granted it in exchange for a signed copy of the episode's script.
Heinlein realized that Gerrold hadn't meant to rip him off and gave the episode his blessing.
Today, Heinlein is considered a pillar of science fiction. His most notable works include Starship Troopers and Stranger in a Strange Land.
Star Trek has also become a pillar of science fiction. The franchise is currently undergoing a lot of change. There's Star Trek: Discovery on CBS All Access and Quentin Tarantino has a film in the works. Yet, Star Trek star Nichelle Nichols feels the future for Star Trek is bright.
"I think Star Trek is always going to be a window into what lies ahead of us," she said. "I'm happy to see another generation of actors and actresses leading the charge. And now there are so many fans being a part of it. If it weren't for the fans, there'd be nothing to do."
Star Trek revisited "The Trouble with Tribbles" in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. The episode "Trials and Tribble- ations " sent the cast back to The Original Series era. "The Trouble with Tribbles" may also hold the answer to one of Discovery's big mysteries.
[H/T] Inverse
If you want to see American McGee's Alice in Otherland come to life then please sign our petiton. A little over a year ago Alice: Madness Returns hit stores, the sequel to the popular game American McGee's Alice. It received mixed to positive reviews, and was very popular among fans of the original game. In the end, Alice: Madness Returns was a successful game. The creator of the series, American McGee, has repeatedly stated that the story for a third Alice game is ready and that there is interest in the development of the third installment. There's only one problem. EA owns the IP to Alice, and have shown little interest in the creation of the third game. American McGee has suggested petitioning EA in his online forum "Ask American". Now it's your turn to help! Every signature counts, let EA know we want Alice back!
The grandmother of Trepierre Hummons speaks out to the community about Officer Kim's death and issues a heartfelt apology to his family.
Advertisement Trepierre Hummons' grandmother apologizes to Kim family Family differences limited interaction with Hummons after he turned 6, grandmother says Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Trepierre Hummons' paternal grandmother, Uneek Lowe, said she has been praying since she received word that her grandson shot and killed Officer Sonny Kim.Lowe spoke to reporters during a news conference in Eden Park Monday.Watch this storyLowe's son was Hummons' father. Lowe said she didn't get to spend much time with Hummons after he turned 6 years old because of differences between his parents.Lowe said she woke up Sunday and began praying, trying to find answers as to why Friday's tragedy happened. She said it really hit her Sunday -– the pain that Kim's family was living with.“That family, those children, the wife. I can't fathom, so I'm only here to say I am so very sorry,” Lowe said.Lowe said she'll never understand Hummons' actions, but believes he wanted the police to kill him.“Tre believes, this is the answer I got, if he killed himself, he wouldn't have the opportunity to say, 'I'm sorry forgive me God.' A lot of times people think if they're going to commit suicide they're going to go to hell,” said Lowe.Lowe said she could not go on any longer without making a public apology to Kim's wife and three sons, and she understands if the family is not ready to accept her apology. She said she had to apologize so the family would know how sorry she is about what happened to Kim.“I also want to say to the police force, for those that worked with him, for those that were close to him personally, I want to offer my condolences,” said Lowe.Pastor Jackie Jackson of Come as You Are Reach Out Ministries was there to comfort Lowe.He said both families need prayer.“We're hoping that the city, our whole city is praying for both families for peace for an answer that's hard to get,” said Jackson.
Share this: Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Things are getting a bit nasty between Microsoft and Apple. Although, none of the companies have come out straight against the other, but Microsoft seems to have taken one step further. Microsoft has recently launched a new section on their website, aimed for the individuals who are looking forward to switching from any Apple Laptop to Microsoft's Surface Tablets cum Laptops. The webpage seems to have been designed to directly lend a thought that Microsoft Surface Tablets are better that Apple MacBook. It turns more interesting as Microsoft has made direct reference to its Surface Pro 3, thus specifying its superiority over the MacBook.
The section was launched in the past weekend and has been named as ‘Making the Switch'. There is not a lot of complicated stuff on the web page. Instead, the webpage holds a basic outlook like most of Microsoft's pages. It gives the basic information about Windows and why it is a better operating system. Once done, the page will take you to the section where the direct reference has been made about the switch from Apple MacBook to Surface Pro 3 tablets.
<
Microsoft has ensured that all the information is taken care off starting from migration of data from devices to devices and then from the various other Apple devices like iPhone, iPad, etc. The web page also contains information about data transfer from iCloud and iTunes. Well, this might just be informative enough, but the direct references made might just not be taken lightly by Apple Inc.
As it turns out, Apple has not gone out against Microsoft till now, but things are bound to change. In all other respects, many experts have pointed the act of referencing. Interestingly, this is not the first time when Microsoft has been directly involved in bad publicity of Apple Products. It will be interesting to where the story ends.
[ Source ]
Star Trek fans know Nicholas Meyer as the director of arguably the best film in the franchise, 1982's The Wrath of Khan. However, 35 years later, he's still working on Star Trek. Besides being a producer on the upcoming Star Trek: Discovery, Meyer recently hinted that something else is in the works.
Speaking (or, more specifically, not speaking) about Star Trek: Discovery to TrekMovie, Meyer said the following:
One thing that has nothing to do with Discovery is that I am working on another Star Trek project, but I can't discuss that either.
Advertisement
When asked if he was talking about a movie, which is the other new Trek project the public knows about, Meyer vaguely teased that maybe it was another TV show. When the reporter said they assumed there was only the one television project in the works, Meyer replied, “You can assume.”
We contacted CBS about the Meyer's comments and haven't heard back as of publication.
The movie mentioned is a sequel to Star Trek Beyond. Last year, news broke that Paramount would make another film with the current film crew but also bring back Chris Hemsworth as Kirk's father. However, after the disappointing box office of Beyond, there hasn't been any public update on that project in some time.
Advertisement
On the TV side, though, Star Trek: Discovery is well on its way. After several delays, it's currently in production, aiming at a fall release. So with that up and moving, it seems logical, albeit hypothetical, that Meyer could be working on a second season of that show or some kind of spinoff. It could also be a book, game, new VR experience, basically anything. Again, he wouldn't elaborate beyond the fact there is something coming that the public doesn't know about—and the potential existence of a new Nicholas Meyer Star Trek project is certainly intriguing.
[TrekMovie]
The Romanian hacker who first exposed Hillary Clinton's use of personal email to the American public has been sentenced to 52 months in prison for unauthorized computer access and aggravated identity theft. Marcel Lehel Lazar, also known by his online name “Guccifer,” was sentenced for his crimes on Thursday.
Romanian hacker who targeted the Bush family, Colin Powell and others sentenced to more than four years in prison. https://t.co/UMUSVQPbuA — The Associated Press (@AP) September 1, 2016
Reuters reports that the Romanian hacker “Guccifer” was sentenced in American courts on Thursday to 52 months in prison. The sentencing comes after Marcel Lehel Lazar was extradited from Romania to the United States to face charges after hacking into the Bush family's private email accounts between 2012 and 2014. Guccifer is believed to have accessed the accounts of 100 American victims before releasing some of the private information to the public.
Hacker ‘Guccifer' jailed for four years https://t.co/AdHVDmCh4C — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) September 1, 2016
Lazar pleaded guilty to charges of unauthorized access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft back in May but the judge says he expressed no remorse for accessing the private data. According to Fox News, Guccifer's victims included Dorothy Bush Koch, the sister of former President George W. Bush, former Secretary of State Colin Powell, and longtime Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal.
It was emails exchanged between Blumenthal and Clinton that first exposed to the public the Clintonemail.com address that resulted in the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information on her private email server. Though Guccifer did not initiate the claims, he was the first to expose the server as a potential breach in security by making the email address public.
Court documents reveal that Guccifer was not a computer programmer or IT expert but rather had a strong understanding of social networking. In fact, the hacker used only a cell phone, old computer, and publicly available biological information of his targets to gain access to their accounts.
Guccifer guessed passwords and security questions of account holders after heavily researching publicly available biological information on his victims. The courts reveal that Guccifer himself noted his success rate of hacking into social media and email accounts was only 8-10 percent, but apparently, that was enough to access the information of 100 victims.
The hacker says he kept a color-coded file of his targets indicating if he had successfully hacked into their accounts
“From what I remember I was using red for accounts I hacked, orange for the ones I could hack, and green for the ones I tried to hack and was not able to.”
While the Romanian hacker was sentenced in American courts, his plea deal may allow him to serve out his sentence in Romania where he was serving a seven-year sentence for a similar crime. His lawyer is asking that he be returned to Romania to finish out both sentences. The lawyer notes that Lazar is not a threat as he is cooperating fully with the United States' investigation. The court documents reveal that Lazar even went so far as to attempt to help recover the personal data from his victims and help close security loopholes that allowed him to gain access to their accounts.
Though the court case revolved around the 2012 to 2014 hacks involving the Bush family, Guccifer has made claims that he also hacked into Hillary Clinton's personal server. He said that it was “easy” and would be for anybody.
“For me, it was easy… easy for me, for everybody.”
However, the FBI has refuted those claims noting that there is no way that Lazar could have hacked into Clinton's server as he did not have the appropriate knowledge. They pointed to the fact that Lazar focused solely on AOL, Facebook, and Yahoo accounts in his previous hacks. Nevertheless, Lazar says he did hack into Clinton's server and that he used “Blumenthal's account as a stepping stone to the Clinton server. “
Though Guccifer is behind bars, there is another hacker making waves who are going by the name Guccifer 2.0. The new Guccifer recently released information reportedly taken from Nancy Pelosi's computer that reveals that Democrats had talking points about Benghazi and proved they knew the attack was not due to a Youtube video.
Guccifer 2.0 has been identified as possibly Russian, but Guccifer 1.0, Lazar, said that he always used Russian proxy servers in his attacks. Therefore, it is unknown if the new Guccifer is located in Russia or simply using a proxy server like his namesake.
What do you think about Guccifer's sentence?
[Image via Shutterstock]
July 20, 2017, 12:33 PM GMT / Updated July 20, 2017, 12:33 PM GMT By Lakshmi Gandhi
After seeing the success of faith-based children's toys that have hit toy store shelves in recent years, Danny Shakoj began wondering about what a doll for Muslim children would look like.
“The Islamic faith doesn't have any type of product like Mensch on a Bench or Elf on a Shelf,” Shakoj told NBC News. “I began thinking, ‘what's an easy way for children to learn about Islam?'”
The fictional Imam Adam goes on a series of adventures as he makes the religious pilgrimage to Mecca. Isa Aydin
Growing up in New Jersey as the child of Circassian Muslims who immigrated from Syria, Shakoj recalled that there were not many cultural toys or books that reflected his experiences or upbringing.
“We celebrated all of the holidays, we fasted for Ramadan,” he said. “But we didn't have much for kids to spark much conversation with kids.”
Further research and brainstorming sessions lead Shakoj to create “Adventures of Imam Adam,” a new children's book he wrote with illustrations by artist Necdet Yilmaz. The book is geared toward children ages 3 and up and follows a Muslim faith leader as he attempts to make the pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca. The companion plush doll wears traditional Islamic clothing and carries a green backpack with a folded green prayer rug inside.
In creating his character, Shakoj explains that he wanted to help demystify the faith to young children.
“A lot of times, religious figures are scary to children. So he's a young imam going through different adventures to go to Hajj.”
“A lot of times, religious figures are scary to children. So he's a young imam going through different adventures to go to Hajj,” Shakoj explained. “He lives in a diversified neighborhood, he plays soccer, he makes his way across a broken bridge and has to deal with crocodiles.”
While Imam Adam deals with these very earthly things, Shakoj says the book does so while showing how Adam uses the five pillars of Islam to solve problems. “It touches on things like charity and being kind to the environment,” he said.
While not a parent himself, the 33-year-old Shakoj says that he spends lots of time with his young cousins and the children of his friends and consulted them throughout the writing process.
“There's no fun way to teach Islam [right now],” he said. “I showed it to them as I was developing the product and I would just go to Barnes and Noble and just show moms and kids the doll to get their opinion. It was really great feedback.”
While “Adventures of Imam Adam” is primarily targeted towards Muslim-American families, Shakoj said he hopes children of all faiths can relate to Adam's adventures and journey. “Adam is a universal name, in the Islamic faith he's the first man, just as he is in Judaism and Christianity,” he noted. “I wanted to touch upon something that hopefully could spark conversations among people of different faiths.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
CORRECTION (June 21, 2017, 11:00 a.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the home country of Danny Shakoj's parents. They were born in Syria, not Russia.
Pro-roundabout residents in Canada argue that collisions occur at roundabouts because people don't know how to use them – this article is trying to prove that logic wrong:
WATERLOO – “People drove more often through more roundabouts in 2011 – and yet they continued to collide at the same high pace. This suggests no progress on a learning curve uncerway since 2004 when roundabouts were first installed.”
Retrieved from: http://www.therecord.com/news/local/article/804446
I don't think that roundabouts are a band-aid solution to every problematic intersection, but I do still think that, if warranted, a roundabout's engineering is not usually the cause for collisions – lack of education is. If collisions continue to occur at roundabouts, it's because people are so frustrated with them that they have become stubborn and refuse to understand. They accrue bad habits and stick to them.
Hopefully roundabout education and testing is being incorporated into new generations of drivers to build a safer attitude towards using roundabouts for the future. I think that if everyone understands how to use one, and more importantly, that they are built for more than just drivers (respect for multimodal transportation is way behind on awareness), the mentality can often surpass the safety of a poorly engineered roundabout.
For example, I'm not an experienced transportation planner, nor am I a roundabout engineer, but I do know that the roundabouts in Square One must be poorly engineered. I make this assumption because even when I deliberately go out of my way to check for cyclists and pedestrians in all directions at all times, and pay close attention to the number and speed of vehicles approaching and using the roundabout, and try really hard to make a safe decision for when it's my turn to enter the roundabout, I still feel like a possible collision may be out of my control. I feel anxious, worried, and uncertain. This is mainly because the approach is not clear enough, there is a lack of visibility, and the size of the roundabout is so small that it's over before you know it. A secondary reason is because the driving attitude in Mississauga is rough and cocky, meaning that if you want to be safe you actually need to expect people to drive too fast and to be assholes about it in order to seize the opportunity to foresee an accident.
So yes, roundabouts can be poorly engineered. And yes, those roundabouts can entice collisions to occur. But a warranted, well planned and engineered roundabout can be extremely beneficial for optimizing traffic flow and safety. That is, only if these two things change:
All roundabout users must fully understand how to use a roundabout; Everyone must accept that roads are for everyone (drivers, but also pedestrians and cyclists), and must learn to respect each mode equally (working towards a complete streets mentality).
In the meantime, here is an informative video by the MTO for how to use a roundabout:
http://youtu.be/lbC3CAa-8vA
Advertisements
THE operator of a New York subway train that ground to a sudden stop when a woman fell between its cars overlooked her body while searching the track bed - and then resumed the trip, running over her with another six cars.
The New York Post reported that 10 more trains then passed over her remains before anyone noticed.
The tragedy unfolded as Arabell Lin, 25, who had a prosthetic right leg, was walking between the cars of a subway train March 28.
After she fell, she hit a device on one of the cars that triggers the emergency brake when the train encounters an obstruction.
The operator, whose name was not released, got out of the cab and spent seven minutes walking up and down the track, looking under each car for whatever caused the train to stop - then climbed aboard and continued the trip.
Police interviewed the operator, who said he was unaware that someone was stuck under the train, according to law enforcement officials.
But investigators who re-enacted the incident determined he did not spend enough time searching.
"If she was still alive, (the operator) messed up her chances," said one train operator.
"Based upon the investigation of this accident, it was concluded that the train operator failed to properly investigate," a New York City Transit spokesman said.
Lin's relatives could not be reached for comment.
Read more about the woman run over by 11 trains at the New York Post
Interesting too are the statistics that tell us that in English-speaking countries, the number of young people getting their driver's licences is falling, especially in the US, where the percentage of people aged 19 who have a driver's license fell from 87.3 per cent in 1983 to 65.9 per cent in 2010. It's the Gen Y and the Millennials, most of them male, who are walking away from the car. I've got one of these odd creatures in my house, a 16-year-old son who does not show the slightest interest in driving. This puzzles his parents who, in the '70s, couldn't wait to finally get mobile. The jingle of the car keys was the sound of liberation for me. I Am Woman See Me Drive! For my husband, a former inmate of a boarding school, his old bomb was the only way he could catch up with his mates, who were a far-flung diaspora, and there were surfboards to accommodate. Researchers are scrambling to figure out why there is a reluctance to drive in this youngest generation. High youth unemployment, environmental concerns, starting families at a later age and increasing urbanisation have all been cited.
Then there are the interwebs. My son is one of those who regards any interruption to his screen time as a pain in the neck. If he needs to buy something? Most of the stuff he wants is "virtual" – games and music come instantly through his smartphone. He's in touch with his friends 24/7 through social media and can do "facetime" ... Whenevs. If he wants to see friends in person and it requires 120 hours of supervised driving instruction? Fugeddaboutit! Not while there's a perfectly good bus to catch. On the not-small matter of teen lurve, Fuller wrote: "The young people who used to court in the parlor [sic], then on the glassed-in front porch, now began to do their courting in the automobile, or the porch with wheels." The first place they went for an unsupervised pash and fumble 40 years ago was the drive-in theatre. No way your parents could find you there, short of stumbling through the rows of cars with a torch and wiping the hormonal condensation off the windscreen.
Now we text incessantly. And woe betide if the phone is set to "vibrate" and kids miss the swift kick from the virtual back seat. Perhaps the awful memories of unsatisfactory sex hindered by gear sticks and handbrakes is one of the reasons we parents build houses with "teenage retreats" for our kids, replete with Wi-Fi, flat screens and fridges. We want our children to have a better experience of first sex than we did. And if it's under our roof? That's OK. Maybe our addiction to baby-monitor technology never went away. (Eeyew!) We are tethered to our children more than ever before. Truth is, we love it, and don't they know it. Friends tell me that they are still implored to drive across town at 2am to pick up inebriated offspring, even when said offspring can drive. And they do it. Stupid, loving, us.
Getting back to old Bucky, he leaves us with the idea of "enlightened technology". In essence, we want our technological advances to follow where the human heart leads. To be holistic. Our primary desire, as we can see from the take up of personal telecommunication and social media in every part of the globe, is to be deeply connected to each other. The road to the future is no longer a solitary road. The superhighway where we all hurtle along in our isolated rooms on wheels will become a thing of the past, sooner than we imagine. Just like the drive-in. This new generation can wear earplugs to tune others out, or engage on screens with their singular passions when they're in a common space. There's a new understanding that the irritating herd also brings comfort and safety. "Public" transport is now negotiable, because it's "private" too. Our children think less and less of privacy. This is the world they inhabit. The one we constructed for them. The retreat of our government from investment in public transport to big-ticket road infrastructure can be seen as myopic in terms of cost-structure analysis and carbon emissions – although there's no doubt that private cars will be the mode of transport for years to come.
However, that critical lack of creative thinking, addiction to short-term strategy and an inability to truly understand human nature will be our undoing. Like I say, what if they built the superhighway to the future, we looked at the road less travelled and, instead, decided to head down that path? Wendy Harmer is the editor-in-chief of The Hoopla.
Conrad Black writes long, and it's going to take me a while to read his latest book, A Matter of Principle. But it's enthralling stuff, so I thought I'd write about it as I read it, if that's OK with you. These are my impressions of the first third of it.
There's a passage on the 19th page of Conrad Black's new book that may hold a very simple key to the distance between Lord Crossharbour and the sort of people who don't write critically acclaimed biographies of world historical figures while successfully running international corporations and maintaining friendships with all the people he's ever admired who are still alive, a distance he relishes and many of the rest of us disdain, a distance that may, itself, be a large part of the answer to his current difficulties.
“Personally, Murdoch is an enigma. My best guess is that culturally he is an Archie Bunker who enjoys locker room scatological humour and detests effete liberalism. I have long thought that his hugely successful animated cartoon television program, The Simpsons, is the expression of his societal views: the people are idiots and their leaders are crooks.”
He's writing here about Murdoch, with whom he's had professional and personal dealings, whom he calls the greatest media mogul of all time, but whom he also thinks is a rogue, too much of an outsider, who seems not only to play by his own rules, but to break them whenever its seems convenient. Black's written about Murdoch before, and it's always fascinating reading.
I quite like the image of Black watching All in the Family, though he seems not to have done so especially carefully, or he'd know how appalled Archie was at scatological humour. It's also probably not insignificant that his analysis of The Simpsons focuses on the majority of its characters' lack of obvious intelligence rather than their mostly inevitable decency.
The key, however, is that possessive pronoun nestled in the middle of the paragraph. Black describes The Simpsons as belonging to Murdoch.
Now, I am not by any means what Black would call a commercial expert, but I may know enough to see that Black has a point here. Fox Television owns the copyright to The Simpsons, News Corporation owns Fox Television and Rupert Murdoch controls News Corporation and as a result, it's fair for Black to refer to the show as Murdoch's.
It's also fair to say that most of the rest of us would call it Matt Groening's show that runs on Murdoch's network.
Though Black is known to most of us–well, to me anyway–as a media baron, he shows himself in this often very dense and enormously detailed book as a businessman first, a newspaper owner second. Even though his first business venture was a newspaper, the Eastern Townships Advertiser, he speaks here only of how much he paid for his half share of it ($500) and later, about how he ultimately turned that original $500 investment into hundreds of millions.
He spends a lot of time talking about how he structured deals, how he restructured his family company, and how he and David Radler bought, reorganized and sold various newspapers at great profit.
And throughout, he points out that he was the controlling shareholder in the complicated corporate structure that owned these papers, that they were his, and the staffs he hired ran them for him. “The lot of the proprietor,” he writes, “especially if he has an international business to run, is not easy if he aspires to uphold a line against the guerilla activities of his editors.”
There is a not entirely unjustified tendency among the enduringly successful to assume that they are successful for a reason. Even Einstein, who famously disavowed the notion that he was a genius, ascribed his own success to the ability to work very hard. In Black's case, the fact of ownership is a badge of achievement. Like Donald Trump, Bill Gates and Linus Larrabee, he took a modest family fortune and made it into something much bigger. The fact that he was able to buy the Telegraph and start up the National Post was a big part of his qualification for doing so. And even when he allows that, at least in the modern climate, newspapers cannot be just the mouthpieces for their owners, he makes it fairly clear that they might be better if, at least in his case, they were. “I was always wary,” he says, speaking of the Telegraph, “there as in the National Post and elsewhere, of imposing my will too strongly on my editors other than for the most overwhelmingly important issues. I asserted my views forcefully but have met the full range of editorial resistance tactics. Raising children is a good formation for dealing with editors and journalists.”
Once again, Black's attitude towards the people who populate his creations is not unusual. Bernard Shaw thought of actors as chess pieces to be moved around the stage, and Robert Bresson refused even to call his actors actors, preferring the term “model.” But you can see how actors might not appreciate the attitude. It just so happens that the people Black sees of this way are the people who did more than anyone else to give us our opinion of the man.
Black's world is different from most of ours, certainly in scale, but also in practice. In the world of the employed, for instance, doing favours for people professionally–giving someone a job, say, because they did something nice for you–is mostly not on. At the very least, if you do it, you have to upholster your true motivation with more practical justifications. But Black lives in a world where one dine with the worthiest and most able of people, people who feel completely justified, and perhaps are completely justified, in rewarding each other, and at least Black makes no bones about it. Of Allan Gotlieb, for instance, former Canadian ambassador to the US and husband of the often insufferably out of tune columnist Sondra, he writes, “When he left government service, I gave him the sinecure of being publisher of Saturday Night and persuaded Sotheby's to engage him as their well-paid Canadian chairman.”
From down here, that might look like an old boys club ensuring that once you've reached a certain level (or, more cynically, been born properly), you can expect to be taken care of, a personal incarnation of the too-big-to-fail school of financial support. Black makes it clear, though, that from up there, it's just society's most able people getting their just deserts.
You see that dedication to a mostly money-based meritocracy winding through and running underneath so much of what Black writes here that, after a hundred pages or so, you start to develop a much better understanding of the man. He is a supremely capable man who has, in his own eyes, done quite a bit taking care of other capable men and women in a system that propels the able upwards, to the Bridle Path and Mayfair and further, to Davos and Bilderburg, and maintains the less so at more middling and inferior positions. It's a system that works, or did work until it spat him out. He spends a lot of time in this book calling out the people who stopped returning his calls, found themselves unable to do him favours when he needed them, or simply were not vocally supportive when he feels their support would have helped either his case or his spirit or, perhaps most important of all, his sense that the system was still operational.
This is a book born of shock, disappointment and redoubled resolve, written by a man who now knows he can no longer rely on the support of his equals, a man who, if he manages to get back on his feet, may look a lot more like Rupert Murdoch next time around.
__
Bert Archer is Toronto Standard's Media Critic.
A statue of Josias King, erected in 1903, looks out over St. Paul through scaffolding on Thursday.
As debate rages about whether to remove Confederate statues across the South and in the U.S. Capitol, work has been quietly underway in St. Paul to restore Minnesota's best-known Civil War monument. The Soldiers and Sailors Memorial has stood at the foot of Summit Avenue since 1903, but more than a century of Minnesota weather has taken its toll.
Unlike the countless war monuments that feature military brass, the statue atop a pedestal in St. Paul's Summit Park depicts an average soldier, Josias King, standing at attention in green bronze patina.
Minnesota Historical Society senior curator Adam Scher said evidence from the era indicates King was the first from the state to volunteer with the First Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment. That was the first military outfit offered for national service when the Civil War started in 1861.
"He's really the first of the first. So I think there's a legitimate reason for him being atop that monument," Scher said.
The St. Paul's Soldiers and Sailors Memorial was installed amid a flurry of monument building around the turn of the 20th century, as veterans reached their twilight years.
"These veterans are beginning to reflect on their lives, on their experiences, and how they're going to be remembered," Scher said. "So this is an opportunity for them to create a national collective memory of their experiences in the Civil War and really encapsulate what they were fighting for."
A plaque at the base spells that out. Among other things it says the victories the First Minnesota helped achieve preserved the union of the states, abolished human slavery and advanced liberty.
Scaffolding surrounds the statue of the Josias King with the Minnesota State Capitol in the background. Evan Frost | MPR News
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Minnesota had been a state for barely three years, and around 170,000 people lived here. Twenty-four thousand enlisted, or 1 in 7 Minnesotans.
Dean Urdahl, a Republican state representative from Grove City and a retired history teacher, said King's likeness needs to be preserved for future generations.
"This wasn't some great general or great man," Urdahl said. "This was just a regular person from Minnesota who decided to step forward when he didn't need to fight to preserve the union and end slavery."
For the last month, the monument's 55-foot stone column has been ensconced in scaffolding, though King's likeness remains visible from the street.
While the statue's green patina gives it character, Colleen Sheehy, executive director of the nonprofit Public Art Saint Paul, said allowing oxidation to continue unchecked will cause irreversible damage. Sculpture conservator Kristin Cheronis and her assistant are removing the flaky rust while keeping much of the green intact. The final step is to seal it from the elements.
"They put a lacquer over it, and that helps to keep the moisture out and keeps the corrosion down, and then they put a wax over that," she said. "It does have to be waxed every once in a while, and that will prevent it from needing complete restoration in 100 years."
The Minnesota Historical Society has contributed $60,000 toward the project. Public Art Saint Paul is covering the other half.
Once King's statue is cleaned up — likely by next week — another crew will come in and restore the marble pedestal beneath him. Sheehy said a rededication ceremony likely will be sometime next year.
Correction (Aug. 18, 2017): An earlier version of this story incorrectly listed how much the Minnesota Historical Society is contributing toward the project. The story has been updated.
PHILADELPHIA — Atheists are calling for a top Democratic National Convention official to resign after leaked emails showed he suggested attacking Sen. Bernard Sanders for his alleged lack of belief in God.
Bradley Marshall, DNC CFO, apologized Saturday for an internal May 5 email to two Democratic National Committee communications staffers in which he talked about using Mr. Sanders‘ beliefs against him.
“It might, may no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief,” said the email, which appeared Friday on the WikiLeaks website. “Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.”
While Mr. Marshall has apologized on Facebook to “those I offended,” calling the emails “insensitive,” the Center for Inquiry said his apology was not enough.
“Mr. Marshall has reportedly apologized for embarrassing the DNC, but there has been no apology, no admission of wrongdoing, to the people he sought to defame,” said the statement. “We believe he should resign his position with the DNC.”
The statement, issued by three Centers of Inquiry officials and the executive director of the Council for Secular Humanism, said Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the DNC should also condemn his remarks.
“The Democratic National Committee must make immediately clear that it finds Marshall's line of thinking unacceptable, and that it will not countenance party operatives proffering attack strategies based on this kind of anti-atheist bigotry. It would do well for the Clinton campaign to do the same,” said the statement.
DNC chair Debra Wasserman Schultz has announced she will resign her post at the end of the convention Thursday after emails appeared to show her plotting to derail Mr. Sanders‘ campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.
In his apology, Mr. Marshall said, “I deeply regret that my insensitive, emotional emails would cause embarrassment to the DNC, the Chairwoman, and all of the staffers who worked hard to make the primary a fair and open process.”
“The comments expressed do not reflect my beliefs nor do they reflect the beliefs of the DNC and its employees. I apologize to those I offended,” he said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Sign up to receive UCAN Daily Full Bulletin Thank you. You are now signed up to our Daily Full Bulletin newsletter
A Pakistan parliamentary body has approved a long-awaited Hindu marriage bill amid objections from minority lawmakers about a late amendment, they say encourages forced conversions. Unlike other religions in Pakistan, there has been no marriage law for Pakistan's largest minority community since the creation of country in 1947, creating a multitude of issues, including registration of marriages, obtaining national identity cards, visas and other issues such as transfer of property. Under the new bill, the minimum age for a Hindu couple to marry is 18 years of age and the couple cannot be related by blood. The National Assembly Standing Committee for Law and Justice passed the bill Feb. 8 and will be forwarded to the National Assembly for approval. While there was consensus on most of the recommendations, an amendment in which a marriage will be legal if any one of the Hindu couple decides to convert to another religion, has sparked controversy. All three Hindu members of the parliamentary committee opposed this clause, saying it would encourage forced conversions. "We strongly objected to this clause, but they were overruled by the majority Muslim members of the committee," Ramed Kumar, head of the Pakistan Hindu Council, and a ruling party lawmaker, told ucanews.com. "We tried to persuade the committee that conversion shouldn't be allowed before seeking termination of a marriage from a court of law," Kumar said. "It is unfortunate that this very crucial point was overlooked by the committee," he said. "We were advised by the committee to introduce another bill on the issue of forced conversions," he said. Amarnath Motumal, a senior figure in the Hindu Panchayat and Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, welcomed the bill. However, he too criticized the clause of conversion. "It is like legalizing an offense," he said. "It will be a great injustice if the sensitive issue of conversion is legalized through Hindu family laws," he said. A couple must seek termination of their marriage in a court of law before converting to another religion, He called on lawmakers to strike down the clause when the bill goes to the National Assembly.Hindus have long complained about the abduction of Hindu girls and their forced conversions and marriages.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Madjid Bougherra was given a shocking surprise after heading out for a drink with a friend.
The former Charlton Athletic and Rangers defender, who now plays in the United Arab Emirates for Al-Fujairah, was KIDNAPPED and driven to the desert blindfolded.
The terrifying ordeal, which saw 32-year-old Bougherra held at gunpoint by armed men, was thankfully all part of a prank from Algerian hidden camera show 'Camera Cache'.
The cafe where he was having a relaxing get together with a pal was raided by actors pretending to be gunmen, forcing the footballer and fellow cafe customers into a cupboard.
Algeria international Bougherra manages to calm others down and remains cool throughout.
The captives were driven to the desert in blindfolds for the big reveal, in what must be one of the most terrifying practical jokes ever.
At least he took it well - you can only wonder how Bilel Mohsni would have unleashed his conflict resolution skills.
A HOUSE COMMITTEE did not even do the bare minimum this month to free Washington from an irrational federal law that places a hard ceiling on the height of every building in the District. The term “bare minimum,” after all, implies that some reasonable threshold has been reached, a pressing need satisfied.
But don't blame federal lawmakers. For once, they aren't the ones trampling over the District's sovereignty and forcing senseless policies on the city. In this case, it's 12 members of the D.C. Council who are doing so — with the foolishness led by chairman Phil Mendelson (D). Last year, they voted to oppose not only the mere possibility of relatively small changes to the Height Act but also a process that would put the decision about changing height restrictions in the hands of city leaders, rather than leaving the call to federal authorities. The council's dereliction of sense left Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), the best friend the city seems to have on this issue, with few options but the one his committee endorsed.
Instead of lifting any of the height limits that have restrained the city since 1910, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is proposing merely to ease restrictions on what property owners can put on their roofs. Current regulations allow machinery for elevators or ventilation systems; the new rule would allow penthouse apartments in that space, as long as they aren't obtrusive. The reform might not add up to much new development, since the demand among property owners for penthouses is likely to be limited.
The Height Act is only one example, though a glaring one, of the irrational policies that restrain sensible growth in Washington. The National Capital Planning Commission points out that, federal height rules or no, there would be opportunities for creating a denser, more vibrant city if local zoning regulators would allow flexibility, particularly around major public transportation corridors. Simplifying the punitively complex process that developers must go through to get building approvals is also crucial.
Washington is changing, a process that is not always easy or comfortable, but one that is on balance very good. Among the side effects of the welcome revitalization of the urban core have been staggering housing costs, pricing all sorts of people out of homes and apartments and unnecessarily taxing the quality of life of those who decide to pay up. Affordable housing policies can only do so much to alleviate the pressure, and they don't help middle-income residents. The obvious answer is to let the city become denser, with care to ensure that it is walkable and bikeable, allowing more people to live and work where and how they want to. With more supply of square footage, upward pressure supporting outrageous housing and office costs will abate. Neither foggy-eyed nostalgia for a skyline frozen in 1910 nor cynical NIMBYism can justify opposing policies.
Dem poll: Republicans turning on Scott Walker
By Greg Sargent
Everyone has already blogged on the forthcoming poll from the Dem firm Public Policy Polling, which finds major buyer's remorse in Wisconsin, with voters saying they'd support Scott Walker's opponent by 52-45 if they could hold a do-over election.
But I think this nugget from the poll is even more important, in terms of what lies ahead:
It's actually Republicans, more so than Democrats or independents, whose shifting away from Walker would allow Barrett to win a rematch if there was one today. Only 3% of the Republicans we surveyed said they voted for Barrett last fall but now 10% say they would if they could do it over again. That's an instance of Republican union voters who might have voted for the GOP based on social issues or something else last fall trending back toward Democrats because they're putting pocketbook concerns back at the forefront and see their party as at odds with them on those because of what's happened in the last month.
This is a Dem poll, but this finding -- that Republicans are turning on Walker -- is echoed by Gallup. Last week Gallup's national poll found that a startling 41 percent of Republicans oppose Walker's plan to roll back public employee bargaining rights.
The reason this matters is that in the days ahead, Dems and labor are going to intensify pressure on Republican state senators to break with Walker and support some kind of compromise route out of the current impasse. Walker himself seems to recognize this is a potential problem: On his call with the fake Koch, he acknowledged that Republicans in swing areas would need to be propped up by aggressive messaging.
Walker himself will not budge in this standoff. The only way Dems and labor can force a compromise is to peel off Republican senators. While the swing in Wisconsin GOP voters against Walker is not huge -- seven points -- it's something, and makes this possibility marginally more likely.
Russian officials have reached out to Ankara to request access to the American-built base as a convenient launch pad for airstrikes in the Syrian theater, but it remains to be seen whether such cooperation will roil NATO's feathers.
Russia has called on Turkey to provide access to NATO's Incirlik Air Base, the critical launch pad for US and coalition airstrikes in Syria, in a bid to expand the country's influence in the Middle East and to further the goal of combatting radical jihadist groups, primarily Daesh and al-Nusra, that threaten peace and stability in Syria.
The base is home to at least 50 US B-61 nuclear warheads each carrying the potential destructive capacity of 100 times the Hiroshima bomb, a reality that led to heightened concern among American officials during, and in the wake of, the failed coup attempt of the Erdoğan regime.
Sitting only 65 miles from the Syrian border, defense analysts, including the former White House arms control official under Bill Clinton, have cautioned that these weapons are not safe from the Daesh terrorist organization and other hostile elements who could conceivably breach the perimeter if Americans are left unaided by Turkish police forces.
That fear likely grew more elevated as Turkey has drifted towards Russia in the wake of the coup with senior officials, including the Turkish President himself, insinuating if not outright claiming that the United States played a hand in the failed attempt to overthrow the government and with a brewing diplomatic row developing between Washington and Ankara over the State Department's refusal to clear the extradition of Fethullah Gulen, who has been alleged to have been the mastermind of the failed coup.
The brewing situation between the United States and Russia has opened the door for the reestablishment of relations between Moscow and Ankara including increased defense and strategic cooperation in Syria.
"It just remains to come to an agreement with Erdoğan that we get the NATO base Incirlik as [our] primary airbase," Senator Igor Morozov, a member of the upper house's committee on international affairs said reports the British newspaper The Times. He explained that the development would enable the Russian air force to engage in "constant bombing" of Daesh and other jihadist groups to bring the conflict to a resolution faster.
"You'll see, the next base will be Incirlik," he told Izvestia after the Kremlin revealed this week that its bombers had started flying out of Iran to launch attack on Syria. "This will be one more victory for Putin."
Another Senator, Viktor Ozerov, told RIA Novosti, "It's not certain that Russia needs Incirlik, but such a decision would be seen as a real willingness on Turkey's part to cooperate with Russia in the war against terrorism in Syria."
Ever since Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa against Salman Rushdie in 1989, Islamic totalitarians have been threatening and killing “offensive” “blasphemers” for the “crime” of exercising their right to free speech. But instead of standing up for and protecting the individual's right to free speech, our leaders and intellectuals have been busy appeasing those who demand religion-based censorship and blaming the victims for being too provocative.
We believe it's necessary to take an uncompromising stand for the individual's unconditional right to free speech. That's why we recently published Defending Free Speech, edited by Steve Simpson, in which we do just that. In the book, contributor Onkar Ghate points out that the right to free speech is the right to offend. Otherwise, “whenever a member of some group finds an idea ‘offensive' or feels that it will produce hatred against his collective, the government has the power to ban the idea. This is the death of free speech.”
Get educated and join the battle for free speech — order your copy of Defending Free Speech today!
# # #
What are others saying about Defending Free Speech?
“This is a timely collection of excellent articles dealing with current threats to free speech. Ever since the fatwa against Salman Rushdie, the Ayn Rand Institute has been a morally and intellectually consistent defender of free speech. There is no ‘free speech, but' exception in ARI's approach to this important right. Its position is based on a simple truth: the individual is the most important minority in any society. Thus, for a society to be decent and civilized it has, through the force of reason, to be serious about the protection and cultivation of individual liberty.” — Flemming Rose, former editor of Jyllands-Posten and author of The Tyranny of Silence: How One Cartoon Ignited a Global Debate on the Future of Free Speech
Read more about the book here.
For more news on ARI's fight for a rational culture, subscribe to Impact Weekly.
This story was updated with the National Organic Standards Board's vote.
A crucial battle in a long-brewing conflict over organic farming came to a head Wednesday when an influential government panel met to discuss whether soil is an essential element of organic farming.
On one side: "Dirt first" traditionalists who say that fruits and vegetables must, by definition, be grown in soil to qualify as organic.
On the other: Agri-technophiles who say "controlled environment" methods like hydroponics and aeroponics are just as deserving, dirt or no dirt.
The panel late Wednesday votes in favor of some of these novel farming techniques, disappointing organic pioneers but stoking the hopes of tech-focused agriculture startups.
The debate over who deserves the U.S. Department of Agriculture's lucrative organic label came amid broader challenges over the best way to feed a growing population on a warming, resource-challenged planet where most of the arable land is already used for agriculture.
Both sides made forceful arguments that organic farming, with its focus on using natural substances and eschewing synthetics, has an increasingly important role to play in protecting the climate. Though vegetables grown in soil may look and taste like those grown in controlled environments—with their roots bathed in liquid solutions or stacked in towers—they may have very different carbon footprints.
"You're farming in a smaller space and with less resources and reduced shipping and refrigeration," said Marianne Cufone, executive director of the Recirculating Farms Coalition, which represents hydroponic and aquaponic farmers. "It seems to me it's one of the best ways to improve our situation when it comes to climate change and agriculture. To consolidate and grow up is smart."
But for traditional organic farmers, shifting resources and research dollars to soil-less forms of agriculture ignores the carbon-storing potential of soil-based agriculture and the energy footprint of growing crops indoors.
"By changing the way we farm the soil, we can improve the sequestration potential of the soil," said Jeff Moyer, executive director of the Rodale Institute, which has long advocated organic farming methods. "We know, globally, as we look at climate change solutions, the soil plays a huge role. Going indoors is not the solution."
Since the launch of the National Organic Program in 2000, the Agriculture Department has allowed hydroponics and other forms of soil-less or container-based agriculture under the organic label. But in recent years, organic farmers had pushed the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB)—the body that decides what practices are permitted under the organic label—to make an official decision on whether these agri-tech approaches count as organic.
The board voted to allow hydroponics and aquaponics, and it will discuss what additional labels organic-certified hydroponic and aquaponic products will carry. It voted to exclude aeroponics, in which the roots are bare but sprayed with liquid nutrients.
"By siding with current science and recognizing that existing law purposely leaves the door open for various farming methods, the NOSB is sending a critical message that sustainability and innovation are valuable in U.S. agriculture," Cufone said.
Investment Pours in for Novel Techniques
The debate, which has festered for years, has become increasingly bitter over the last 12 months as more investment and interest has centered on these novel farming techniques, including a $200 million investment in the San Francisco-based start-up Plenty by tech-investment firm SoftBank Vision Fund. Plenty plans to build indoor vertical farms, where produce is grown in stacks under artificial light, outside 500 cities around the world, using technologies including remote sensing to gage growing conditions and artificial intelligence experts to translate data from the plants.
"We've seen a lot of new money coming into this," said Katelyn McCullock, an economist with the American Farm Bureau Federation, American agriculture's largest trade group. "There's a lot of interest in this area and not from the sources we're used to seeing it from."
According to AgFunder, a start-up funder that also tracks investments in agriculture, investors have committed $285 million so far this year—including the Plenty investment—dwarfing investment last year, which saw $70 million, and 2015, which saw $53 million.
Meanwhile, sales of organics are booming, reaching a record $47 billion in the U.S. last year, and demand for organics is outstripping supply.
"Organic is obviously super popular, but there's gaining traction in other clean methods of farming," said Louisa-Burwood Taylor, a spokesperson for AgFunder. "When these companies can price their produce cheaper than organic and offer pesticide-free and clean, then I think you've got an interesting dynamic and competition to organic."
Who's More Climate-Friendly?
Traditional, soil-based organic farmers say that the competition shouldn't be allowed in the first place, noting that soil-less agriculture isn't permitted under the organic label in other countries, including Mexico, one of the U.S.'s biggest agricultural trading partners.
At rallies across the county, pro-soil advocates have demonstrated, with farmers holding homemade signs reading "Don't Water Down Organics with Hydroponics" and "Real Farmers Do it in the Dirt."
"There will be no sign warning the customers that this fauxganic food was grown without soil," the Keep the Soil in Organics coalition said in an appeal to supporters on its website. "And so we are in a final battle for the soul of the organic label."
Critics of controlled agriculture systems point out that, in order to simulate the sun, indoor farms consume huge amounts of electricity, negating possible climate benefits.
Even supporters acknowledge the high electricity demand is a downside. "It is an issue," conceded Sally Rockey, executive director of the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research, which recently gave a $2 million grant to New Jersey-based AeroFarms, the country's largest vertical farm operator. "When you use electricity the way you have to in controlled environments, you want to take a look at what that means as far as your carbon footprint."
But, Rockey said, there are some appealing trade-offs. "Oftentimes we don't use pesticides because plants aren't exposed to air," she said, "and generally we use a lot less water."
Controlled environment farms can also be constructed near cities, potentially cutting down on emissions connected to transportation.
The pro-soil growers say, however, that the climate benefits, to the extent that there are any currently, are being overplayed by tech interests with deep pockets.
"We can mitigate emissions. We know that," said Moyer, who is a former head of the standards board. "They're using the story of climate change, but that's not the reason for their existence."
The other side, meanwhile, accuses the pro-soil camp of slinging mud to protect their lucrative market.
"If you have a method of growing that reduces stress on resources—like water, like space, like energy—that can produce healthy, good-quality food, maybe in more abundance and with more efficiency, why wouldn't you support that?" Cufone said. "The only reason I can think of is money."
What Does the Research Say?
So far, studies suggest that indoor agriculture consumes more energy than traditional soil-based farms. Researchers at Cornell University have examined the carbon footprint of an indoor hydroponics farm, operated in New York state, and compared its energy use to an outdoor farm in California. Factoring in the energy used to transport the produce from California to the East Coast, they found that the hydroponics operation used twice the energy.
"At least from an energy or carbon footprint standpoint, growing these produce items in our northerly climate, where we use a lot of light and fossil fuel for heating, you use twice the energy inputs versus field-grown. But that was the status quo technology for 2008," said Neil Mattson of Cornell's School of Integrative Plant Science. "We feel there's the ability to improve that by producers adopting more energy-efficient lighting and using renewable energy systems."
Beyond Cornell's research, studies comparing the climate benefits of traditional farming systems and controlled environments remain pretty thin. But the climate impacts of various farming methods are a growing conversation within the organics industry, and more research is underway.
"We're starting to get concerned that an assumption's being made that if you're not growing in the outer crust of the earth, there's no way you can sequester carbon or mitigate climate change," said Nate Lewis, a farm policy director for the Organic Trade Association, the organic industry's largest trade group. "Those are assumptions. I haven't seen anyone compare the full life cycle of a tomato grown in one [system] versus the other. There are so many factors."
About
Oakwood Academy of Spells and Sorcery is a fun adult adventure visual novel filled with romance and intrigue. You play as Toma Tokisawa, a first year student, who tries to get by while encountering a diverse set of wacky and fascinating characters along the way!
Oakwood features an engaging story with rich dialog from characters accompanied by vivid scenery and character artwork! ^-^ There is also some choice making involved for the player which can lead to side paths/dialog, but is for the most part a kinetic story with one end! The game includes tons of high quality CGs, Backgrounds, and Character sprites!
Spread the word every chance you have! <3 Provide us feedback, we welcome all types. We will listen and think about the feedback you provide. Thank you very much for checking our campaign and do not forget to greenlight us through Steam! :3
Watch the Trailer! Gameplay/Screenshots on Steam Greenlight!
Read more about the Project below!
There are four wings within Oakwood Academy of Spells and Sorcery in which students are divided. These wings consist of gifted students from a variety of backgrounds and talents!
The first of the four wings is called Flumahens, where students bear the yellow and orange mark of the small and colorful Hummingbird. These students are known for being very sociable, friendly and hardworking. Their easy going and loyal attitude helps them build long lasting relationships with others. They have a charming quirkiness about them that can be a hit or miss with many classmates. They are perhaps not always the most popular among their peers, but they take their responsibilities seriously, making them reliable students.
Then, there is the Ursidales, the strong and courageous leader types. Their wing proudly displays the red and brown sigil of a powerful grizzly Bear. These students strive to be the best they can be and set an example for the rest of the classmates. They are loud and confident, expressing their opinions bluntly and try to make people see their ethical perspective. They are very protective of their friends and will always have each others backs.
The third wing of Oakwood Academy of Spells and Sorcery is called Cetaseas. The sigil for this wing is a blue and white bottle-nose Dolphin. These students are considered to be very intelligent and imaginative. They seek freedom and independence and are usually found contemplating subjects in deep thought, often getting lost in their ideas. But, in social circles where the topics interest them, they can be very charismatic and bring new life to the party. They are also very smart and take their studies seriously. They are opportunistic and sometimes considered a bit arrogant and detached.
The final wing of Oakwood is called Kerdestus. This wing is veiled in a purple and green color and their sigil is a black widow Spider. These students are creative and artistic types. They can often come off as judgmental to other students and can be narcissistic and methodical. They are very cautious about their decisions and who they allow into their social circles. They like to have control and can be a little manipulative to get what they want, often using subtle tactics rather than just facing things head on.
All of these students from different wings have strengths and weaknesses in their personalities that make them belong in one or another wing.
And it is in this school, that a great tale of cunning, love, and bravery would be told, through the most unlikely group of characters....
Oakwood has a tremendous cast of exciting and complex characters with different personalities and perspectives that you will encounter throughout the plot. Here is a small few, including the main girls from the story!
The framework for this visual novel has been made. However, there are three apparent obstacles that needs to be overcome: Artwork, Programming, and Editing(audio,writing).
Both require funds to help produce a high-quality visual novel because we recruit talent and incorporate our skills; such as handling the rest of the writing, working with the audio design and the rest of the art coordinating. We are determined on handing you a refined visual novel in the shortest span of time. Each episode of Oakwood will be consistent in quality. Each day, we strive to maintain our high standards of quality. However, we will need your support! :3
If funding surpasses the initial goal, we will invest those funds into improving into this first episode and any that follow after that. Oakwood has choices but is mostly kinetic. We plan to have even more choices in the future.
Art is 40% - Art will be the most costly. It involves the rest of the sprites, many high-quality cut scenes, detailed backgrounds, and GUI elements. Even more so, the more stretch goals that are reached. With all in consideration, we are making sure that all is done before deadline.
- Art will be the most costly. It involves the rest of the sprites, many high-quality cut scenes, detailed backgrounds, and GUI elements. Even more so, the more stretch goals that are reached. With all in consideration, we are making sure that all is done before deadline. Writing is 25% - Writing an immersive story with a huge cast of fascinating characters in a fantasy setting takes both time and money. Editing is a very tedious and intensive process. While editing, we make sure the story flows right and the writing is impeccable.
- Writing an immersive story with a huge cast of fascinating characters in a fantasy setting takes both time and money. Editing is a very tedious and intensive process. While editing, we make sure the story flows right and the writing is impeccable. Programming and Audio Design is 20% - Both will be done in time for release. As we program the script into the game, we are making final revisions, especially formatting dialog and the script as a whole. As we accumulate more art, we refit and incorporate each art asset into the script. From scene to scene, we are applying the right transition effects. We are designating the right scores for each scene and we are also planning for sound effects into Oakwood.
- Both will be done in time for release. As we program the script into the game, we are making final revisions, especially formatting dialog and the script as a whole. As we accumulate more art, we refit and incorporate each art asset into the script. From scene to scene, we are applying the right transition effects. We are designating the right scores for each scene and we are also planning for sound effects into Oakwood. Reward Fulfillment is 5% - Reward Fulfillment is low compared to other sections. Our lower-tier rewards for Oakwood are digital. Our physical pledge rewards, in the higher-tiers, are limited and exclusive. We plan on putting most of the kickstarter funds into the production of the visual novel.
- Reward Fulfillment is low compared to other sections. Our lower-tier rewards for Oakwood are digital. Our physical pledge rewards, in the higher-tiers, are limited and exclusive. We plan on putting most of the kickstarter funds into the production of the visual novel. Kickstarter Fees are 10%
We are aiming for a November 2016 release for the first episode!
$12,800 - Funded! The game would be completely funded! Oakwood will release on November 17th! We thank everyone for their support!
CLOSE Sgt. Jason Halifax of Des Moines Police Department explains how Pamela Bullington shot her boyfriend in the head on Dec. 8, 2014 and then reported it to police. MacKenzie Elmer/The Register
Pamela Jean Bullington at the Polk County Jail (Photo: MacKenzie Elmer)
A woman is accused of shooting her boyfriend to death at home before turning herself in, Des Moines police said Monday.
Pamela Jean Bullington, 56, is charged with first-degree murder in the city's 10th homicide of 2014, the death of Jack Duane Dennis late Sunday inside the home he shared with Bullington in the 2900 block of Maple Street.
Bullington fired at least one shot from a handgun, striking Dennis in the head, then called police, said Sgt. Jason Halifax, a spokesman for the Des Moines Police Department.
"It's pretty uncommon for a suspect to call us after committing the act," Halifax said.
Bullington reported the incident, telling police she would be waiting for them on the back porch with the gun inside, Halifax said.
Police said Dennis was dead when officers and medics arrived on the scene. The east-side home, near the Iowa State Fairgrounds, is listed under Dennis' name, according to Polk County assessor records.
Bullington told police she had an abusive relationship with Dennis, Halifax said. But based on the position of the victim and the condition of the home, police don't believe the woman shot in self-defense.
Bullington had called her daughter about the incident, whom authorities later questioned along with another adult who lives in the basement. Police consider the investigation closed but are still collecting physical evidence from the home.
Bullington was being held Monday at the Polk County Jail with no bond.
On April 5, police visited Bullington, who was complaining of chest pain in the Lutheran Hospital emergency room. Bullington said she had been drinking and got into an argument with Dennis when he punched her in the left arm and rib area.
She alleged that Dennis had also pushed her down into a chair two weeks earlier, fracturing two of her ribs. A physician confirmed that two of her ribs were broken.
The officer arrested Dennis, who was at the hospital, after he admitted to both of the incidents, though he told police it was Bullington who had pushed him first.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Bullington also told police she "feared for her life" since Dennis had held a loaded handgun to her head April 4 because "he was mad at her," according to a police report. He had also threatened to burn down her family members' houses, she told police.
Officers told Bullington to stay with a family member or at a women's shelter once she was released from the hospital if she believed Dennis would come after her, the report stated.
Dennis was charged with attempted murder and terrorism in 2000, court records show. Prosecutors accused him of assaulting a man; a friend later shot the victim as he left a Des Moines apartment. Attempted-murder charges were eventually dropped, but Dennis did community service for the other charge.
Bullington had been arrested on charges of domestic abuse without intent but causing injury in 1994, court records show.
Bullington is the second woman charged with first-degree murder in Des Moines this year.
Stephanie Renee Moses, 35, of Des Moines was charged with first-degree murder after police found 36-year-old Jerry Victor Brueggeman dead at the Royal Motel, 3718 Douglas Ave., on June 1.
Like Bullington, Moses also called police to report the dead body, police said.
Moses later admitted to police and her former husband that she strangled Brueggeman, her boyfriend, according to the criminal complaint.
Moses pleaded not guilty, and her attorney has filed motions of defense of diminished responsibility and intoxication. Her jury trial has been set for Feb. 23.
In 2013, four of the 14 Des Moines homicides involved female suspects. Before then, no woman had been charged with first-degree murder in Des Moines since 2008.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1CYIYIs
King County Sheriff John Urquhart has instructed off-duty deputies to carry their sidearm with extra magazines, following the deadly Paris attacks.
The violence in Paris prompted the sheriff to request, via a letter to his deputies, that off-duty officers be armed with their service weapons and extra magazines of ammo should a terrorist attack hit the Puget Sound region.
“It's not a policy, it's a request,” he said.
“We are living in tough times…and certainly what happened in Paris could happen here, locally, in Seattle,” Urquhart said. “I want to make sure my deputies are willing, available and have proper equipment to fight that if it happens.”
Urquhart said that the biggest threat to the area is homegrown terrorism, and locals who decide to support terrorists organizations such as ISIS.
“What I am worried about, what causes me lose sleep at night, is a homegrown terrorist,” Urquhart said. “That's somebody that hasn't come over from Syria, that's not an official part of ISIS, but has been radicalized by ISIS by their propaganda.”
“They've been implored to take action wherever they are, around the world,” he said. “I'm afraid of a homegrown terrorist that does something here. It's going to be a soft target.”
A “soft target,” meaning a place or event that is not heavily defended.
And if such a soft target is hit locally, Urquhart believes that having off-duty deputies armed and prepared will greatly help the situation.
“We are all frustrated by what's going on, mainly because we don't know what to do. This threat is so nebulous, and yet so real. And I thought this is something we can do,” Urquhart said.
“I always tell my people to be vigilant, ‘if you see something, say something,' all of that. But it's not enough,” he said. “Here is something they can do. They can be ready. We have the training. We have the experience. We have the weapons; let's carry them.”
The King County Sheriff's Office has 700 commissioned officers, according to Urquhart. While off-duty deputies were once required to carry their service weapon wherever they went, that is not the case currently.
But for Sheriff Urquhart, it's already a personal policy that he follows.
“I carry all the time,” he said.
ELKHORN, Wis. — Donald Trump was supposed to attend the First Congressional District Fall Festival here Saturday afternoon, marking his first appearance with House Speaker Paul Ryan.
However, Ryan disinvited Trump the previous night amid the firestorm over a 2005 tape obtained by the Washington Post showing the GOP nominee bragging — in shockingly crass terms — about kissing and groping women. Trump apologized, but that did little to quell the whirlwind of controversy.
Trump's vice presidential nominee, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, was then set to replace Trump on the program. On Saturday morning, he too suddenly dropped out. Throughout the day, Republican leaders passionately condemned Trump, with many announcing that they would not vote for their own party's standard-bearer in November.
But at the festival here in the Midwest, the people least concerned with the future of the Republican Party seemed to be local Republican voters, who were left to mill about pumpkins and hay bales, sipping apple cider and discussing the latest development in the roller-coaster 2016 election cycle.
By the time attendees began filing into the Walworth County fairgrounds, a dozen Republican lawmakers had either condemned Trump's remarks or pulled their support of his candidacy. Even more followed suit over the course of the afternoon.
Yet the divide between the party's base and its leadership could not have been clearer, as most attendees passed off Trump's comments as either a regrettable mistake 11 years ago or an example of boys being boys.
House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking in Elkhorn, Wis., on Saturday. (Photo: Andrew Bahl/Yahoo News) More
“Everybody has said something in their time that we've regretted,” Rhonda Ellis explained, saying she cried when she heard Trump would not attend. “I'm a woman — I'm not offended.”
Others were even more outspoken. Two men went as far as to say they liked the tape, as it showed a more personable and relatable side of Trump, who has vowed to stay in the race despite pressure from his own party to bow out.
“I thought it was fantastic. He's a human being, isn't he?” Dennis Kurbowski said. “Tell me you haven't said something like that. Tell me 99.9 percent of American people haven't said something like that … male or female.”
In a tweet Saturday night, Trump thanked the crowd in Elkhorn for voicing their support:
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2016
Ryan, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson all disagreed, releasing statements Friday sharply criticizing Trump for the comments on the leaked tape. The trio, however, made little mention of the controversy during the festival proceedings.
Ryan was the lone member to even mention Trump. After taking the stage to a mixture of enthusiastic cheers and boos, he said there was “an elephant in the room.”
“It's a troubling situation. I'm serious,” Ryan said. “I stand by what I said [in the statement]. … But that's not why we're here.”
Trump supporters heckled Ryan throughout his remarks, accusing him of turning his back on the GOP. The speaker spent the bulk of his speech on the House Republicans' “Better Way” agenda. He did proclaim that Wisconsin will “need to deliver its 10 electoral votes” in the presidential race — indicating he had not fully bailed on Trump's candidacy.
But Trump supporters still disavowed Ryan for not explicitly supporting Trump in his remarks.
“All these people who joined the party, they're leaving,” Tina Gorzalski said. “They're saying they're done.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan in Elkhorn, Wis. (Photo: Mandel Ngan/AFP) More
Continue reading
On 21/03/2016 16:10, Andrea Fontana wrote: > I just released on behalf of the company I work for > ( > > Mondo is a collection of classes (and struct) built over mongo-c-driver. > Low-level bindings are generated automatically using dstep + a small > script to patch some issues with original source. > > More info on github page. It obviusly depends on mongo-c-driver library > (quite easy to compile). > > GH: > Dub: > > Comments are welcome. > > Andrea Fontana I just released on behalf of the company I work for http://lab.2night.it ) "mondo", a library to work with mongodb.Mondo is a collection of classes (and struct) built over mongo-c-driver.Low-level bindings are generated automatically using dstep + a smallscript to patch some issues with original source.More info on github page. It obviusly depends on mongo-c-driver library(quite easy to compile).GH: https:// github.com/ 2night/mondo Dub: http:// code.dl ang.org/ packages/mondo Comments are welcome.Andrea Fontana https://getmondo.co.uk/ Don't know if Mondo will actually be successful or not, but if it does, you might have a name clash, especially since they also have an API behind it: https://getmondo.co.uk/docs/ -- Bruno Medeiros https:// twitter.com/ brunodo medeiros
A breaking story by My San Antonio reported that Senior Associate Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, aged 79, was found dead at a West Texas ranch.
The report indicated that Scalia was a guest at Cibolo Creek Ranch, a resort in the Big Bend region south of Marfa, where he had been staying since Friday.
According to the report, Scalia attended a private party with approximately 40 people on Friday evening. When he did not appear for breakfast the following morning, the ranch sent an associate to investigate Scalia's room, where his body was found.
The report stated that the U.S. Marshal Service, the Presidio County sheriff, and the FBI were involved in the investigation. All of the agencies have declined to comment on the record, but a federal official, speaking on condition of anonymity, allegedly said that the death appears to be natural, and there was no evidence of foul play.
The Supreme Court of the United States official Twitter has indicated that they are attempting to confirm the reports.
null
Justice Scalia was appointed to the Supreme Court in 1986 by Ronald Reagan. He was known for his strict interpretation of the Constitution as it was originally written by the Framers, and he often clashed with the Liberal Justices who viewed the Constitution as a “living, breathing document” that was always evolving.
As a staunch supporter of Originalism, Scalia infuriated and frustrated those who believed in judicial activism and felt the Constitution should change as society changes. Yet, despite his fiercely conservative values, he was a close friend of Justice Ruth Ginsberg, who was, perhaps, the court's most liberal Justice.
The process to appoint his successor is likely to be fraught with problems as President Obama is in his final year of office, and his relationship with Congress is quite contentious. The Senate will likely attempt to stall any appointment until after the 2016 presidential election.
The unexpected vacancy on the Supreme Court will also place enormous pressure on the Democrat and Republican hopefuls seeking their party's nomination to run for president. Each candidate's choice to replace Justice Scalia could make or break their campaign.
Scalia's passing will change the political landscape in America for generations to come. Several Supreme Court Justices were already set to retire during the next president's tenure, and the loss of a Republican Justice at this time in the election cycle will shift the entire balance of power.
Justice Scalia was possibly the most well-known and outspoken of the current Supreme Court Justices. [Photo by William Thomas Cain/Getty Images] Update no.1: A second source, KVIA, confirmed the story. According to a source close to Scalia, he was feeling unwell after the party and retired to his room, where he passed away in his sleep. An El Paso priest was apparently summoned to the scene.
Update no.2: A report from the Daily Mail includes a quote from U.S. District Judge Fred Biery, who claims to have been notified of Scalia's death early Saturday morning.
“I was told it was this morning. It happened on a ranch out near Marfa. As far as the details, I think it's pretty vague right now as to how.” “My reaction is it's very unfortunate. It's unfortunate with any death, and politically in the presidential cycle we're in, my educated guess is nothing will happen before the next president is elected.”
Justice Scalia with George W. Bush and other justices. [Photo by Ken Heinen/U.S. Supreme Court via Getty Images] Update no.3: Wikipedia has flagged Justice Scalia's page on the site as being “about a person who has recently died.”
Update no.4: Texas Governor Greg Abbott has released a statement on his official website that would seem to confirm the story.
“Justice Antonin Scalia was a man of God, a patriot, and an unwavering defender of the written Constitution and the Rule of Law. He was the solid rock who turned away so many attempts to depart from and distort the Constitution. His fierce loyalty to the Constitution set an unmatched example, not just for judges and lawyers, but for all Americans. We mourn his passing, and we pray that his successor on the Supreme Court will take his place as a champion for the written Constitution and the Rule of Law. Cecilia and I extend our deepest condolences to his family, and we will keep them in our thoughts and prayers.”
[Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images]
Advocates for women say a new pilot project — which allows outside experts in gender-based violence to review sexual assault investigations by police in Ontario and Alberta — will increase the number of charges laid and improve public trust.
Sexual assault investigations in Ottawa, Timmins, Ont., Peterborough, Ont., London, Ont., and Calgary will be reviewed by an outside panel of experts who work with survivors of sexual and domestic violence. Kingston, Ont., and Stratford, Ont., are also part of the pilot and completed their case reviews earlier this fall.
The Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre and the Ottawa Coalition To End Violence Against Women are spearheading the project in Ontario with funding from Status of Women Canada over three years.
Experts in violence against women estimate that fewer than one per cent of sexual assaults result in criminal convictions.
Carrolyn Johnston, executive director of the Ottawa Coalition to End Violence Against Women, calls the outside review of how police handle sexual assault investigations 'groundbreaking.' But OCTEVAW's executive director, Carrolyn Johnston, said the pilot project could result in systemic change.
"As it currently stands, if someone who has come forward to file a report with police and is unhappy with the situation, they have to go forward on their own to make a complaint. This way cases are being reviewed on a system level which will allow us to identify trends or gaps that need to be addressed," she said.
Panel will report back to police every quarter
In the capital, the Ottawa Police Service will hand over cases for review from 2016 and beyond, including 160 sexual assault investigations and 200 domestic violence cases.
Insp. Jamie Dunlop said the force has worked closely with Ontario's privacy commissioner to be as transparent as possible to allow the panel to do its work. Cases involving youth victims or perpetrators won't be turned over, but Dunlop said no other information will be redacted.
"It didn't make sense to give them [panel] just a vetted file," Dunlop said. "It was important that they were able to see the whole thing to provide us with information that would be useful, and it's important for police to look at this as a tool."
The panel will report back to police every quarter, said Sunny Marriner, executive director of the Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre.
If the panel finds details police missed, the cases will be flagged to allow investigators to re-open cases before potential evidence is lost, she added.
Ottawa police Insp. Jamie Dunlop says the force is handing over more than 350 cases to an outside panel of experts.
Charge rate is low
Marriner has been in discussions with Ottawa police to implement this "Philadelphia model" of reviewing cases for more than three years.
Under the model, experts from outside agencies are given access to police case files to determine if there were any missteps in the investigative process, and to alert investigators to any worrying trends.
The review system was first used in the U.S. in 2000 after an investigation by the Philadelphia Inquirer revealed police in that city were dismissing a disproportionately high number of sexual assault complaints as unfounded.
A sexual assault complaint is deemed unfounded when an investigator determines no crime occurred.
Marriner says charges are usually only laid in 15 to 20 per cent of sexual assault charges, and that those low levels deter women from coming forward. She believes an outside panel that looks at how police treat victims and investigate a complaint will change that.
"We needed to create something that was systemic, lasting and institutionalized to address those barriers so individual survivors don't have to advocate for themselves," Marriner said. "This opens the door in policing to get more charges in cases where the evidence supports that."
The Smokey Generation is a website dedicated to collecting, preserving, and sharing the stories and oral history of wildland fire.
T he story of wildland fire has been told in numerous forums and formats. It is told through the history of our land management policies, commencing when the nation transitioned from indigenous fire use practices to colonial burning for land clearing. It's told through the media, with seasonal coverage often shrouded in hype mixed with facts. It's told through the rings of trees, marking cyclic fire regimes in circular regularity. It's also told by those living in fire-prone ecosystems, in the creation of defensible space around their homes. What I find interesting is that the story of wildland fire has its own vernacular — formed in the same way fire burns, with a beautiful complexity and frank purpose; it responds to its setting and creates change as it develops. The Smokey Generation is a project that is rooted in understanding and celebrating that vernacular (and the wildland fire community that surrounds it) through the collection, preservation, and sharing of stories about wildland fire by wildland firefighters themselves. It's a project that values the history of fire and, at its core, is designed to get us talking about the importance of fire in the environment. he story of wildland fire has been told in numerous forums and formats. It is told through the history of our land management policies, commencing when the nation transitioned from indigenous fire use practices to colonial burning for land clearing. It's told through the media, with seasonal coverage often shrouded in hype mixed with facts. It's told through the rings of trees, marking cyclic fire regimes in circular regularity. It's also told by those living in fire-prone ecosystems, in the creation of defensible space around their homes. What I find interesting is that the story of wildland fire has its own vernacular — formed in the same way fire burns, with a beautiful complexity and frank purpose; it responds to its setting and creates change as it develops. The Smokey Generation is a project that is rooted in understanding and celebrating that vernacular (and the wildland fire community that surrounds it) through the collection, preservation, and sharing of stories about wildland fire by wildland firefighters themselves. It's a project that values the history of fire and, at its core, is designed to get us talking about the importance of fire in the environment. Please enjoy and thanks for your support!
Check out this newest addition to our video collection, the first of a brand-new series called, The Power of Stories. As author Libba Bray says, “There is no greater power on this earth than story,” and that's more than evident in this short film titled, Close Calls and Tragedies from the Fireline (a compilation of some of our interview participants recounting tragedies and close calls from their fireline experience). These stories hold hard lessons, heartrending tales, questions of whether or not the right decisions were made, and reminders that the wildland fire environment is full of risk and adversity. Take a few moments to watch, share, and learn – this history is important and the stories contained in this collection are powerful. Stay tuned for more videos from ‘The Power of Stories' series. Full interviews of many of the participants featured in this video will be posted on the View by Person section soon.
The Smokey Generation showcases the stories, thoughts, lessons learned, and oral histories of wildland firefighters. It's all about telling fireline stories, preserving the legacy, highlighting the culture, and exploring the role of fire in the environment. You can see full interviews on our Stories by Person page, or explore different aspects of wildland fire by checking out our Stories by Topic page. Want to understand the terminology and context of wildland fire? View our ConTEXTualized Stories page to see visual definitions of terms and fireline concepts, while our Talking Maps will give you some great geographical reference.
Here are a few vignettes from our recent time at the 2016 Women-in-Fire Prescribed Fire Training Exchange (WTREX). More to follow soon. Enjoy!
WTREX Stories: Natalie Kuntz WTREX Stories: Jesús Morcillo Julià WTREX Stories: Yolanda Yallup WTREX Stories: Sadie Runge WTREX Stories: Lacey England
Our new Smokejumper Collection is live! Check it out today!
Introducing our new Wildland Fire Historical Photo Library!
The Smokey Generation is pleased to partner with The National Smokejumper Association in the creation of the Smokejumper portion of our Wildland Fire Historical Photo Library. Current and former smokejumpers can contribute their photos to the project here: Upload your Photos or Videos! If you'd like to send your photos for scanning or have large numbers to contribute, contact us here.
You can view the collection on the site (under: Featured Collections > Wildland Fire Historical Photo Library), or on our Smugmug site here.
Click on the National Smokejumper Association logo to go directly to the Smokejumper Photo Preservation Project on our Smugmug site..
Like our lives, fire is dynamic and ever-changing
The story of wildland fire is more than what's told on the evening news. Many people only experience wildland fire through the media or when their homes or properties are affected, but wildland fire deserves to be given context outside of these emergencies. By sharing the stories of wildland fire professionals, we're able to educate ourselves about the broader reality of wildland fire. The Smokey Generation captures wildland firefighters talking about their experiences, describing close calls, showcasing their camaraderie, and exploring their various histories—with a view towards their shared future. The stories ignite the imagination, provide intriguing perspective, and showcase the fascinating culture of the industry.
Storytelling and oral history are traditions as old as civilization itself and the stories in these collections are, and will remain, available to the public, scholars, and current/future generations of wildland firefighters for years to come. To do this, our interviews are filmed, edited into consumable pieces, and presented in a format perfectly suited to the internet medium. At the click of a button, folks around the globe can access engaging, approachable segments and participate in the greater narrative of wildland fire. Here are a few of the great stories that can be found on The Smokey Generation collection:
Sponsors and Supporters
A BIG “thank you” to our fantastic supporters and sponsors for making our Kickstarter and GoFundMe campaigns a success! Because of the generosity of our supporters and sponsors, The Smokey Generation has been able to collect fantastic stories during several unique initiatives, including the 75th Anniversary of Smokejumping/National Smokejumper Reunion in 2015 (from smokejumpers representing every decade from the 1940s on), and during our first ever ‘Fire Stories' Road Trip in 2017. If you're interested in donating to the project, click here to become a sponsor or supporter today.
We would like to also give our Flagship Sponsors a particularly big “THANK YOU” for their ongoing support:
“Storytelling– history – probably originated around an open fire. But there is something very peculiar about such storytelling when fire is itself the object of the story…There are good reasons why so many myths end their universe with fire, and why a scholarship that seeks an alliance with fire must accept the unpredictable and the dangerous.”
– Stephen J. Pyne, World Fire: The Culture of Fire On Earth
More than 12,000 tweets have called for President Donald Trump's assassination since he was inaugurated two weeks ago, according to Dataminr statistics.
Social media users like Zachary Benton, 24, of Ohio have already been charged with threatening the president, while Madonna came under fire for saying she wanted to 'blow up' the White House during the Women's March in Washington DC.
Former Secret Service special agent Tim Franklin told Mashable that the agency was likely to look for repeated threats, specific details of any possible attacks, and other trends before launching an investigation.
Donald Trump entered office with historically low 45per cent approval rating and a Dataminr search of the keywords 'assassinate Trump' revealed more than 12,000 results on Twitter
Former Secret Service special agent Tim Franklin said repeated threats, specific details of any possible attacks, and other trends will certainly raise red flags
Donald Trump became the first US president to enter office with less than a 50per cent approval rating, according to Gallup polls.
A Dataminr search of the keywords 'assassinate Trump', revealed more than 12,000 posts on Twitter since January 20, Mashable reported.
But the Secret Service is likely to let many of the social media users off the hook, and Franklin said: 'They're not going to to beat down the door of everybody who makes a negative Twitter comment.'
Instead, the law enforcement agency will look out for certain trends, like those who make repeated threats, or include specific details about how they plan to take down the president.
Benson, from Fairview Park, Ohio, tweeted on election day: 'Diplomacy. F***ing fools. I hate you all. I want to bomb every one of your voting booths and your general areas.'
Minutes later, he wrote: 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump. Don't care if I serve infinite sentences. That man deserves to decease existing.'
Zachary Benton, 24, of Ohio (left) has already been charged for his tweets on election day. Heather Lowrey of Kentucky (right) was investigated by the Secret Service
Special Agent Richard Ferretti suggested people 'think twice' about their social media activity (pictured, Lowrey's tweet that landed her in hot water)
Madonna came under fire for saying she wanted to 'blow up' the White House, and later defended her comments, saying she was speaking metaphorically
Despite apologies to the Secret Service agents who showed up to question him the next day, Benson was charged with threatening the president and faces up to five years in prison if convicted.
Heather Lowrey, a burlesque dancer from Louisville, Kentucky, was also investigated by the Secret Service.
She tweeted on January 17: 'If someone was cruel enough to assassinate MLK, maybe someone will be kind enough to assassinate Trump.'
Special Agent Richard Ferretti suggested people 'think twice' about their social media activity.
While Facebook and Twitter have policies to suspend accounts or take down violent or threatening, thousands of posts against Trump remain on both platforms.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Primarul genaral al Capitalei, Sorin Oprescu, aflat la New York,a dezvăluit că le pregătește o mare surpriză bucureștenilor, pentru a câștiga un nou mandat.
Aflat din 2008 la șefia Primăriei Generale, Sorin Oprescu a anunțat că lucrările la autostrada suspendată au început deja și că vrea ca acest secret să fie surpriza alegerilor viitoare.
„Să vă spun un mare secret, nu îl ştim decât noi doi, porţiuni din ea (n.r. – autostradă) am făcut demult, dar asta va fi surpriza alegerilor viitoare. Pentru că până atunci mă ocup să termin ceea ce le-am promis”, a spus edilul, informează Digi24.ro.
Sorin Oprescu participă la New York la cea de-a şasea sesiune a „Summit-ului oraşelor lumii”, forumul primarilor din marile localităţi.
În prezent, capitala este în plin proces de reparație de câteva luni, iar străzile de lângă Piața Presei Libere le provoacă în continuare mari bătăi de cap bucureștenilor și șoferilor care trec prin zonă.
Pasajul pietonal de la Piața Presei a fost deschis în urmă cu câteva zile, după luni întregi de amânare.
Pe de altă parte, muncitorii încă lucrează pentru a reuşi să finalizeze Pasajul rutier Piaţa Presei Libere, lucrările fiind întârziate din pricina unor fire descoperite în subteran în timpul săpăturilor. „Au fost probleme cu reţelele edilitare din zonă, aşa cum s-a întâmplat şi la Pasajul Piaţa Sudului. Nu ştim să vă spunem un termen acum, o dată la care lucrările se vor încheia. Sperăm cât mai curând“, au spus, pentru „Adevărul“, reprezentanţii Primăriei Municipiului Bucureşti (PMB).
Dacă v-a plăcut acest articol, alăturați-vă, cu un Like, comunității de cititori de pe pagina noastră de Facebook.
Recomandările editorilor GreatNews:
Scrisoarea unei jurnaliste către Ioan Rus: „Mi-aş permite să fiu puţin golancă şi să vă spun că ar trebui să vă fie ruşine”
Moment istoric pentru România. Două celebre rase de câini, recunoscute internațional
Victorie mare pentru Monica Niculescu. E în semifinale la Nottingham!
After September 11 the US declared war on terror implying that any means could be used in order to protect American citizens. In 2013 the scandal broke when details of extensive US surveillance were exposed and now there are good grounds for believing that terrorist threat might be only a pretext for control.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – The US government primarily uses data from National Security Agency (NSA) mass surveillance programs to manipulate foreign diplomats and conduct economic espionage, as opposed to fighting terrorism, analysts told Sputnik.
The NSA is currently conducting surveillance on more than 100,000 foreign nationals outside the United States, several senior US officials revealed on Monday. US officials claimed so-called Section 702 authorities have helped stymie cybersecurity threats and disrupt terror plots.
Pretext For Control
The mass surveillance program may be used for counterterrorism, but it is also widely used as a weapon to ensure continued US global domination, cyberwar and data collection expert and author William Blunden told Sputnik on Tuesday.
"Terrorism is merely a pretext. Mass surveillance is primarily an instrument of diplomatic manipulation, economic espionage, and social control," Blunden said.
The power structure of the United States is based on a system which perpetually seeks out untapped resources and new markets, Blunden explained.
"All of the rhetoric about spreading democracy and freedom is thrust aside when it conflicts with these motivating necessities," he said.
Blunden observed that US political leaders including both presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump had promised "ironclad" guarantees of security to theocratic regimes in the Middle East which were the wellspring of Sunni extremism.
"So it's only natural that the intelligence services will reflect elite priorities and cater to them," Blunden said.
The focus on monitoring that was conducted under Section 702 was misleading because it downplayed the scale of intelligence community operations, Blunden cautioned.
"Compared to programs enabled by Executive Order 12333 data intercepted via Section 702 is a drop in the bucket. Outside US borders there were very few limits, if any, with regard to what agencies like the CIA and NSA can do," he said.
While the American public has voiced concern about their civil liberties, the condition of the typical foreign citizen subjected to surveillance and worse by the US intelligence services was far worse, Blunden pointed out.
Such people face a surveillance apparatus with more funding than most countries spend on their entire military, with "no legal rights, no inherent constitutional protections, and very few places to hide," Blunden said.
There was no prospect of serious reform to restore real legality or transparency to the system, but only a superficial cosmetic pretense at doing so, Blunden noted.
The US media, rather than maintain pressure on lawmakers, had failed in their responsibility: They had merely reported the half-measures passed by Congress and dutifully moved on, Blunden recalled.
Unlimited Power
Tenth Amendment Center National Communications Director Mike Maharrey told Sputnik that under the current system the US government and its intelligence agencies could spy on anyone outside the country they wanted to with no restraints operating on them whatsoever.
"From a purely legal standpoint, the US government has virtually unlimited authority to spy on foreign nationals outside of the country. Ethically, well that's a different story. And this type of secret surveillance is ripe for abuse," he warned. "Based on documents provided by Edward Snowden, there is evidence that the NSA has used ‘foreign intelligence gathering' as a back door to spying on American citizens."
© Sputnik / Vladimir Trefilov WannaCry Some More? Cybercriminals Using NSA Hacking Tools to Attack Citizens
The dangers posed by this kind of power were well documented in history and eminent Founding Fathers of the US Constitution had presciently warned against allowing such forces to get established, Maharrey said.
"Even if it is completely legal for the US government to do this, we should be wary. As James Madison warned, ‘the means of defense against foreign danger have been always the instruments of tyranny at home,'" he said.
Such powers required far more oversight from Congress and media scrutiny than they had ever received, Maharrey concluded.
Why am I writing about assessment? These are comments I hear and see around the education community surrounding project based learning (PBL).
Examples:
“PBLs aren't for me - my students need to actually learn content.” (My response: As I've gotten better at facilitating these experiences, I've been amazed that some of the insights my students have made. I hope you find this too over time.)
“Students shouldn't learn chemistry by just doing research on a topic.” (My response: I agree. This is not good pedagogy, this is googling.)
“My students are learning real chemistry - I don't have time.” (My response: Yep. It's difficult. Every context is different. I only do this two times a year because I don't want to impede my students when they take AP chemistry.)
“Students need to perfectly mastery the content before they can do something for the public… and I do not think they will ever be ready.” (My response: Does this attitude align with the real world? Were you really ready to start teaching when you did?)
“Is my little Susie doing all of the work in the project and little Joanie riding her coattails to get a good grade? That's not fair for my little Susie.” (My response: Yep. That is a valid point.)
In an earlier post, I discuss some of my unit planning that (I hope!) further breaks down a few of these misconceptions - my students are not teaching themselves on Google. They are weaving back and forth between learning content and the larger reason for learning the content.
However, every single one of these comments above are valid. It is really difficult work to ultimately balance individual accountability and group accountability. Every student needs to master basic stoichiometry before they leave my general chemistry course.
So, here goes nothing. I actually started this post a few months ago and it turned into a monster. As you gain a small glimpse into my classroom, I've bolded each item so that you, the busy reader, may skim.
Individual Accountability Throughout a Month of a PBL Project
Mastery Checks What is it? These are basically exit tickets. Note the name - it's a check for mastery (I wish I came up with this - this is a term from the first school I worked at. However, unlike the exit ticket that is maybe just thrown away, I attempt to use these intentionally. The purpose is dual: for ME to get formal feedback on student thinking, AND for students to get concrete data on their thinking. Often times, I know if a student gets it or not, but they do not know if they get it or not. Just as I am likely overestimating my ability to assess student understanding via my observations, students do the same. How do I do it? After a formal lesson, students complete the mastery check on paper. Yes, I print the questions - most of my materials are hard copy, and for my students, I find that they are more likely to refer to their work in the future if much of it is in the same format. Logistically, they tape the half/quarter sheet of paper in a composition notebook so it is adjacent to any relevant notes. Anyway, we then check it immediately or at the beginning of the next class. That's it. You may already do this, or do a better job of this. I'm a big fan of using Page Keeley's formative assessment probes, assessment resources from POGIL activities I use, and questions I develop based on misconceptions I notice my students bring up during classroom activities (e.g. misconception: students have discussed one isotope of carbon-12 turning into carbon-13 - now, in addition to tweaking learning activities to combat this misconception, I also assess it). Quizzes/Tests What is it? Do I need to say anything here? How do I do it? Once again, self explanatory. Extra thoughts: However, I do try to have students self grade bits and pieces of it so they get feedback sooner (130 in gen chem + multiple short answer questions on avg for me to grade = a million years of grading time). I grade the 1-2 short answer questions that have more nuance. I attempt to get them to grade the cut and dry questions. Basically, I budget a quiz to take about 40 minutes, and then we have about 10 minutes to grade at the end of class with 5 minutes of buffer time (I have 55 minute class periods). For the test, a giant portion of the short answer is a mini version of the project. In a small scale scenario, can every individual use the chemistry AND the logic skills INDEPENDENTLY (without help from the group)? I come up with a new scenario no student has seen and students have to work it out independently with the given data. It is quite telling. Oh, and don't be like me and do the test AFTER their project presentations. I did that the first year. Have you already realized the folly in my ways? That this test might be more powerful if students get that feedback that is parallel to project work BEFORE their presentations? Yeah, that was my thought in hindsight. I now try to do the test before the final presentations to panelists to give students another chance to work out kinks. Lab write ups - For the project at hand, sometimes I require giant lab write ups. Each student does one of the four write ups. Why? Am I losing something if they don't do a write-up for all the lab work they have done throughout a project? One - I'm assessing them on the other lab work in other ways (see above). Also, it is my VERY feeble attempt to reduce plagiarism or the “little Susie wrote four lab reports and little Joanie wrote zero yet earned the same grade.” I have loved reading posts from others at ChemEdX on the types of feedback technology allows us to now give (Video! Digital comments! Handwriting!). Check out previous posts from Dan Meyers or this from Lowell Thomson if you'd like more food for thought. On-the-fly questions during the presentation If you were a graduate student, you experienced the incessant on-the-fly questions in group meetings. Scientists in academia and industry are ALWAYS asked on-the-fly questions in their work. It can be scary (I took an upper level polymer chemistry class that my WHOLE GRADE was based on random oral questions during class and a presentation. SCARY!). It takes practice to get good at this. So, while there is a group grade for part of the presentation, an individual grade for the presentation is based on an “on-the-fly” question. See the rubrics below for how I prep my students. (Thanks V. Chen for the structure to help me do this formally with my students.) End of project reflection. Here is a sample of an end of project reflection and peer review. Students complete this while watching other student presentations. This is another formal way for students to tell me how things went, what big ideas they took away from their project and how it went with their peers. As I said, I value honest communication from my students and typically know who did what work. While I'm sure not all students speak up, I do get some students tell me honestly who did what with this lovely numerical scale (thanks J. Andrew for this system). And I do lower grades if little Joanie slacked (confirmed by student midpoint peer reviews and my observations).
In reading this portion on individual accountability, I realize how boring I look. In some ways, I really am that boring. However, students will have to take tests the rest of their lives in a variety of academic scenarios. I like to think of myself as a moderate in the PBL world - yeah, my students do cool things, but they also have to navigate and find success in a traditional academic institution as well.
Yes, during the stoichiometry project, students will participate in the mole-ympics to garner much needed stoichiometry practice. Yes, we will do poll everywhere when I want students to see data. Yes, students use whiteboards sometimes (I love my giant whiteboards! They're great for socratic seminars). Yes, my students have done animation projects.
Group Accountability Throughout a Month of a PBL Project
Knows, need to know, next steps- discussed in this previous post. Group status update - midpoint Halfway through the project, the groups fills out a mid point review, which has questions related to resources used (or not used) from the class website (our school uses Canvas, so I have screenshots from a module within Canvas), and content questions (while not on the form, you'll see in the checkboxes on the bottom of page two I refer to the proposals - that's where all the content is). Then, I have a "check in" with each group as they get to work for the day on project tasks. Group not on track? They have to come up with a formal plan to get back on track with consequences for not doing so. Additionally, there is a reminder to have a personal conversation with me if needed (Little Joanie not doing her work? Well, let's talk about that). I am not afraid to adjust final project grades as needed if this is occurring and documented at the midpoint OR on the group contract (discussed in this post about group contracts). Peer review of presentations My format has changed over time. What used to be a yes, no, or maybe checklist has morphed into this monster based on the content rubric. All groups must participate in a presentation peer review 1-2 days before the real presentation. Here are the roles I used in the most recent iteration: One to two students use this monster checklist for peer review. I might toy with breaking up the monster checklist among a few students, and having one student focus on transitions. We'll see. One student only gives feedback on transitions - aka, does the story make sense from slide to slide? Novice presenters often leave the audience to assume a lot of the storyline. One student gives feedback on aesthetics - slide to text ratio, etc. The presentation itself. I post the rubrics for students about a week before the presentation when they're in serious project work time mode and have the content background to actually make sense of the rubric. Community panelist rubric (Based on American Association of Colleges and Universities Values Rubrics). Yep, those lovely community members you got to come in are put to work. You might choose to have your panelists input their scores and comments on a summary sheet you make or with a Google form to save a few trees. My content rubric (Thanks V. Chen for the ideas for formatting!)
What a laundry list this turned out to be. However, when push comes to shove, I am confident on what each student knows, understands, and can do 95% of the time during a long term inquiry project via a variety of means...that maybe looks like what you do in your classroom?
Anyways, I should get back to my day-to-day task of being a teacher and should probably grade some tests and plan. This post is really a bare-bones summary of my own journey minus all the context that got me to where I am now, so I run the risk of looking quite formulaic here. In chemistry terms, I have reached a personal equilibrium in terms of my assessment. I don't want to remain stagnant. I suppose writing this is my public accountability to continue improving my craft - so thanks for reading if you made it this far.
THE PC LEFT is starting to devour itself.
The hysterical trans-this and trans-thats are snapping away at the insufficiently correct genderists and feminists; the free-speechifiers are being savaged by the censorious offensorati; the multicultists are scooping out the brains of the comrades now designated Islamophobes because they happened to have noticed there's sometimes a link between Islamic terrorism and Islam; and those who have happily dined off a continuously expanding list of the unacceptably privileged are now finding themselves on the menu.
As a result some on the left are beginning to squeal.
Jonathan Chait complains about the splintering left's obsession with “microaggressions” (I'm not sure what that means, but will assume it's the equivalent of a kid in the playground crying “he looked at me funny and I don't like it,”), speech-policing, trigger warnings, “mansplaining” (whatever the hell that is) and sundry other witch hunting. This new strain of political correctness, he says, “has bludgeoned even many of its own supporters into despondent silence” instead of trying to convince people through debate.
For pointing out the obvious he has been greeted with a variety of responses of the generally “yes…but” kind. Jessica Valenti in the Guardian, for instance, dismisses it all as merely privileged people “getting their feelings hurt”. “Man up, Johnny,” is what she'd say to him, if she were allowed to use such unacceptably heteronormative, cisgendered, sexist, patriarchally violent language. But she's not, because then she'd be guilty as well. And in the current climate who's to say she won't be found guilty herself of some bien pensant crime?
I don't mind a few progressives having their feelings hurt by others in their own gang, but it's a bit much to dismiss the actual harm political correctness does cause. Just ask the thousands of girls abandoned to the brutality of Muslim rape gangs for years because of the authorities' commitment to multiculturalism and their fear of being labelled racist, all because of political correctness.
Valenti may have no qualms about this increasing infighting but the author Tim Lott does. He's also noticed the “assumption creep,” as he calls it, of the left; that is “the assumption that if you believe one thing you probably believe another thing, which you are hiding”.
Lott fears for his status as a proper lefty because he has doubts about various things he shouldn't – he maintains a “residual affection for his country” for instance, is still not sure if gender identity is “entirely constructed” or not, and is “not convinced jihadists have ‘nothing to do' with Islam”. Just in those three admissions he's revealed himself to be a nationalist, a racist, an Islamophobe and a sexist. He's doomed.
But just when you think there's hope because some useful idiots may be discarding their idiocy another one pops up with a fresh pile of steaming outrage to make them all a laughing stock again. This time it's Elton John. He's appalled that Dolce and Gabbana, the gay fashion designers, have expressed their belief in the traditional family and their opposition to gay marriage, IVF and surrogate parents: “I call children of chemistry, synthetic children. Rented uterus, semen chosen from a catalogue,” said Dolce.
This apostasy sent Elton into a frenzy. “How dare you refer to my beautiful children as ‘synthetic'?” he ranted on Instagram (talking about the two children he and his partner are bringing up). He accused the fashion pair of judgemental finger-wagging and signed off his comment with a #BoycottDolceGabbana. No outrage is possible these days without its hashtag.
The cries of condemnation went up with tedious predictability from the quivering bien pensants around the world, from Peter Tatchell to Courtney Love. They all seemed oblivious to the idea of freedom of thought and expression. It hasn't occurred to them that they could be the next victims of the cult of purity.
This is the logic of exhaustion. The left's identity politics has finally reached its limits. There's nowhere else to go and nothing more to do except turn inward with more and more insane refinements of definition and dogma.
This part of the revolution – where it devours its own children – is being played out in full view and it's hilarious. Cry havoc and let loose the hashtags of outrage.
— Michael Blackburn.
The newest Benefits for Humanity video highlights how high-quality crystals grown in microgravity lead to new therapeutics for disease.
In one of many direct Earth applications of International Space Station research, the newest Benefits for Humanity video in the Benefits series highlights how the investigation of protein crystals in space is helping to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), an incurable genetic disorder affecting the muscles with onset usually in early childhood and primarily in young males.
Research into a disease like DMD involves the study of the structure of associated proteins by crystallization, which helps researchers better understand protein function. This comprises making millions of copies of that protein and arranging them in three-dimensional rows. Crystals grown on Earth are impacted by gravity, which may affect the way the molecules align on the surface of the crystal. Researchers have discovered that growing crystals aboard the space station allows for slower growth and higher quality crystals.
Since 2003, scientists with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency have conducted protein crystal growth investigations on the space station, including proteins associated with DMD. Having a better understanding of the protein's shape enabled researchers to design a drug that fits specifically into a location on the protein associated with DMD. The research team estimates that the drug may be able to slow the progression of DMD by half.
“Studying this protein led to a huge discovery,” said Dr. Yoshihiro Urade, Ph.D., professor at the University of Tsukuba in Tsukuba, Japan. “What we're talking about is potentially doubling the lifespan of many DMD patients, and it's all because of research opportunities afforded to us by the International Space Station.”
With many other protein crystal growth studies occurring or planned aboard the space station, many thousands of other proteins' structures could be determined. This is yet another way the orbiting laboratory is enabling research Off the Earth, For the Earth
Wagner Ribeiro confessed in an interview with Brazilian media UOL that his priority was for Neymar to move to Real Madrid. The controversial former agent of the Barcelona star said that Los Blancos' offer was "economically better" but the player "ended up signing for the team of his heart."
"I took offers to Santos from Chelsea and Real Madrid. Barcelona's was directly from his father. I wanted him to go to Madrid, I have always said that. It was a better offer financially for Santos and even for the player. But he decided to go to Barcelona because it was the team of his heart."
Ribeiro was Neymar's agent before the forward's father took sole responsibility for his son. "I was his agent from the age of 12 and I managed to get two contracts with Santos. But when he grew up his father took control through his companies."
However, Ribeiro doesn't harbour any bad feelings towards Neymar or his father: "Neymar is like a son to me. And I get on well with father, I respect him."
What a paradoxical story we shall tell our grandchildren about Brexit. The little ones will climb on our knee and we will recall how we bravely seized our independence from hated Brussels – only to destroy our country. Their infant brows will furrow in confusion when we tell them that in order to make Britain great again, we smashed it to pieces.
Was this some kind of terrible accident, they will ask. And we will have to say no, this was deliberate. Our leaders thought escaping the European Union was so vital it was worth shattering the deeper, closer union that had defined our country for more than three centuries. So great was their professed patriotism that they had to break the thing they loved.
EU sources: May must mention UK's financial settlement in article 50 notice Read more
But let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's begin instead with the Brexit-related event that would once have been the biggest news story of the month but which was, such is the current, fevered state of things, almost forgotten in the stampede. The government U-turned on the signature proposal of its budget the previous week: the demand that the self-employed pay more in national insurance contributions (NICs).
The connections to Brexit are clear enough. For much of the leave-supporting press, Philip Hammond's climbdown was alarming because it sent a signal of weakness to the remaining 27 EU states with whom Britain will soon be negotiating a divorce. On this view, Europe's capitals were bound to have watched the U-turn and concluded that they could push Theresa May hard: under the slightest pressure, she is sure to cave.
In fact, the implications are the opposite, but no less troubling. Hammond's humiliation suggests May will never, ever allow herself to be on the wrong side of the Daily Mail, which disapproved of the NICs move: far from being a pushover at the hands of the EU 27, she won't be able to make even the slightest concession. If she budges on, say, the exit fee, the Mail will tut and she'll buckle. This augurs badly for the possibility of any viable deal.
Just as alarming are the signs that backbench Tory rebels – centred on Michael Gove and Iain Duncan Smith – had it in for Hammond not because they care deeply about the self-employed, but because they wanted to wound a chancellor who, like May, voted remain, and whom they saw as the strongest obstacle to a hard Brexit. Hammond is now duly weakened and there is no one around the cabinet table strong enough to stand in their way.
That matters, given that the Brexiteers seem engaged in a competition to advance ever more macho versions of EU divorce. The way things are going it will not be long before, in Tory circles, merely leaving the single market and customs union will be deemed insufficient: Brexit for wimps. Only crashing out of the EU, forcing Britain to trade on masochistic WTO terms, will be seen as sufficiently hardcore Eurosceptic. Advocating a deal with the EU, and being willing to compromise to get it, will be cast as the new Europhilia.
In normal times, all this would be disturbing enough. But it was dwarfed by the greater act of self-harm: May's response to, and responsibility for, the SNP's call for a second independence referendum in Scotland.
That demand is predicated on the argument that the Westminster government has failed to consult with the devolved nations to forge a truly UK-wide position on Brexit. You might say that no amount of consultation would ever have been enough for Nicola Sturgeon, that whatever May had offered wouldn't have been enough. But simple politics demanded that May at least try.
Had the PM made a big show of involving Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast, Sturgeon's case would have been weaker. As it is, May has indeed looked as if she is pursuing a Brexit designed solely to placate the Euro-loathing wing of the Tory party, rather than satisfy the complex needs of the whole UK. That the country voted only narrowly for Brexit and that two of these islands' four nations – Scotland and Northern Ireland – rejected it outright, May seems to have forgotten.
It will not be long before merely leaving the single market and customs union will be deemed insufficient
By that simple failure, May has allowed a situation to arise which imperils the integrity of the United Kingdom. Whatever the legal position, political reality says she cannot deny an elected Scottish parliament a referendum if that's what it wants. The only argument is over the timing. When, not whether.
Given everything that's happened, only the bravest punter would bet that Scotland won't seize this second chance and vote to go it alone. Brexit has surely boosted the independence case. How can a Brexit government argue against independence now, without sounding like screaming hypocrites? If May warns that it's risky to break away from a union with your closest neighbours and trading partners, taking a leap into the economic dark and putting up needless borders, Scottish voters would laugh in her face – and have every right to do so.
A finger-wagging Tory prime minister in London, a Labour party whose weakness apparently guarantees Tory rule for another decade if not longer, and the fact that Scotland did not choose the Brexit path – all these should make the ground fertile for a renewed yes campaign.
There is a counter-case, and it will be made this weekend by the man whose intervention was so crucial in 2014's Scottish independence referendum: Gordon Brown. In a speech in his hometown of Kirkcaldy, the former PM will argue that, done the right way, Brexit could make the argument for the union stronger now than it was three years ago.
Back then, the yes campaign promised a future in which an independent Scotland within the EU could still trade friction-free with the rest of the UK, because both would be in the European single market. Now, even if Scotland keeps its place in the single market, the UK it leaves behind would be outside it. The home nations of these islands would be on opposite sides of a trade wall.
The Guardian view on May and Scotland: blame Brexit gambles | Editorial Read more
Brown invokes a “third option” between Brexit conservatism and SNP nationalism. This option would see powers currently exercised by Brussels handed not to London but Edinburgh. Suddenly Holyrood could set its own sales tax, unbound by EU rules on VAT, and back key industries such as shipbuilding, freed of the old EU rules barring state aid. Brown envisages a Scottish parliament muscular enough to sign its own international agreements and get a grip on fisheries and farming, areas where the big decisions used to be taken in Brussels. By staying in the UK, Scotland would have not just all these new powers but the resources – the cash – to make them real, resources it would lack on its own.
It's a strong case, with Brown doing what he does best: reframing a debate on terms that suit his side and wrongfooting his opponents. If the clash is presented as a choice of Scotland versus Tory Westminster then of course independence will win. But if people see his “third option” as the best of both worlds, then maybe the union can just about hold.
The worry though is that, as 23 June 2016 showed, referendums are not always only about voters choosing the best policy prescription. They are also about emotion and mood. Who knows how Scottish voters will approach a plebiscite in, say, 2019? None of us do, and that includes Theresa May. And yet she is prepared to risk it. Such is the madness of Brexit: wilfully endangering the survival of our own country – and calling it liberation.
Do women in revealing clothes deserve rape?
Brazilians were asked this question in a survey conducted by their government's Institute of Applied Economic Research (IPEA) survey – and most of the respondents answered “yes.”
According to AFP 3,810 male and female Brazilians took the survey, and approximately 2,480 of them – 65% – justified raping women who wear “clothing that shows off the body.” Also, almost 60% of the people who took the survey agreed that “if women knew how to behave, there would be fewer rapes.”
Brazil is a country that is known for its seemingly sexually liberated population, so these answers are shocking. No woman or man deserves to be raped. We hope that people are enlightened enough to understand that. It is shocking that in 2014, some people still think this way!
Photo Credit: www.popsugar.com
This 2013 photo shows a grizzly bear at Mary Bay along Yellowstone Lake in Yellowstone National Park. (Marc Cooke/Wolves of the Rockies/AP)
Park officials may never know for sure what happened between Lance Crosby and the bear that attacked him in the backwoods of Yellowstone. There were no witnesses to the incident that left the 63-year-old veteran hiker dead amid pine needles and dirt half a mile from the nearest trail, so it's unclear what could have pushed a normally reclusive mother grizzly to maul him and leave his body “partially consumed.”
[Grizzly suspected of killing Yellowstone hiker will likely be euthanized with cubs]
The attack was a tragedy for Crosby's family and friends, and for the park, where Crosby had long worked as a summer employee.
It also seems likely to end sadly for the bears. Park officials have captured the sow believed to have killed Crosby along with one of her two cubs. If DNA evidence matches her to the killing, she will be euthanized and her cubs offered to a rehabilitation center or zoo. If they can't be placed, the baby bears — members of a federally protected threatened species — will also be put down.
For park officials who have dedicated their lives to the protection of wilderness, cases like this are painful and deeply unsettling. On the one hand, they have 3.5 million yearly park visitors to protect. On the other, all 3.5 million of those visitors, along with park employees themselves, are interlopers on the bears' land.
How can we condemn animals for their wild behavior?
Answering that question involves careful calculus and a forensic investigation worthy of its own procedural drama. Call it “CSI: National Parks.” At the end of the day, though, the bear almost always pays for a human life with its own.
Grizzlies are the most feared of North America's bears, helped in no part by their name: Ursus arctos horribilis, or “horrible bear.” They have a reputation for aggression that wildlife conservationist Richard H. Yahner says is partly due to their evolution. Unlike the more docile black bears in the East, grizzlies have trouble climbing and give birth to just a handful of offspring. That means that grizzlies, particularly mothers defending their young, have learned to stand their ground.
Even so, the bears have caused relatively few fatalities in Yellowstone's 143-year history. Despite their obvious physical advantage — adult grizzlies weigh several hundred pounds and boast jaws that can crush a bowling ball — the bears don't consider humans to be prey. Visitors to Yellowstone are about as likely to be killed by a lightning strike as a bear attack.
Indeed, for many years it was the bears who had reason to fear humans. A combination of habitat loss and hunting pushed Yellowstone's grizzly population to the brink of vanishing. In 1975, just before the species was assigned threatened status by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, there were only 136 bears left in the park, and about 550 in the entire continental U.S.
In 1986, a group of wildlife biologists called the Interagency Grizzly Bear Committee put out a set of guidelines for grizzly management — addressing, among other issues, what to do if a bear poses problems for humans. The committee concluded that unless the animal in question is deemed a “nuisance,” grizzly-human conflicts must be resolved in favor of the bear. “Nuisance” bears must meet at least one of three conditions: (a) they have been raiding livestock or food stores that have been reasonably well-protected, resulting in their “conditioning” to seek food from people; (b) they act aggressively in a way that suggests an immediate threat or (c) they cause significant injury or loss of life in an unprovoked, non-defensive encounter with humans.
In other words, bears that act like bears shouldn't be punished for doing so. In most cases, they are simply responding to human provocation in the only way they know how, and the attack is a one-off incident. But bears that behave strangely are another matter. If they launch an unprovoked attack once, who's to say they won't do it again?
In the years after the guidelines were released, officials at Yellowstone rarely had reason to reference them. By 2010, the park hadn't seen a fatal bear attack in nearly a quarter of a century.
But Yellowstone's bear population was surging back to normal levels — there are now around 700 of them within the park — and visitor numbers were soaring. More bears and more humans meant that the two groups were increasingly coming into contact, with increasingly deadly consequences.
In July 2010 two people were injured and a third killed, his body partially eaten, in an attack on a campground just a few miles from the park's northeastern entrance. Another man hiking just outside the park's eastern boundary was mauled and killed by grizzly that had just been tranquilized, fitted with a collar and released by researchers.
The following year saw two more fatal attacks within the park's borders.
Brian Matayoshi was hiking with his wife in early July when he came upon a mother with two cubs and started running and yelling, according to the New York Times. The mother bear, known as the Wapiti sow, charged after them. She knocked the man down and bit his leg several times. His wife, Marylyn, lay motionless, feigning death. The sow picked her up by her daypack, then dropped her. When it finally left, Marylyn scrambled to her husband's aid and attempted to use her jacket as a tourniquet, but he was already dead.
The next month, experienced hiker John Wallace ventured up a trail just eight miles from where Brian Matayoshi had been killed. According to Outside, Wallace had declined the standard bear-safety literature distributed by Yellowstone, telling rangers that he was “a grizzly bear expert.” Two days later, his remains were found on the trail, his open daypack lying nearby. Wallace's arm and hand showed bite marks indicating he had tried to defend himself — the same kind seen on Crosby.
In each of these cases, wildlife officials had to refer back to IGBC's guidelines. Had the bear been conditioned to steal food from humans? Was the fatal incident defensive, or provoked?
The brazen campground attack in 2010 was clearly out of the ordinary; the sow responsible was trapped and killed, and its two cubs given to a zoo.
The circumstances surrounding the attack by the collared bear were less clear. The hiker involved, reportedly an experienced outdoorsman, had bypassed warning signs about a bear in the area. Even his friends said that he suffered from a combination of bad luck and bad judgment. Could the bear be blamed for the hiker's mistake?
Ultimately, wildlife officials — who faced a lawsuit from the hiker's family alleging that they'd failed to provide adequate warning about the risk — opted to kill the bear, since they couldn't say for sure whether the encounter had been the human's fault.
“We try to do everything we can to minimize the risks. But we can't protect ourselves against people that ignore every warning we give, and we can't protect people against themselves,” grizzly bear coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Chris Servheen told the Billings Gazette. “The whole thing is regrettable; just one tragedy followed by another.”
The 2011 attacks were likewise difficult to classify. The Matayoshis had done everything you're not supposed to do in a grizzly confrontation — they ran, they yelled, they failed to carry pepper spray (which has been proven to deter 90 percent of attacks). And the sow seemed to be defending her two cubs, common mother bear behavior. Initially, the sow was allowed to go free.
But the discovery of Wallace's mangled remains later that summer launched a huge investigation into the bear behind his death. The body had been buried under debris, or “cached” — how grizzlies hide their food. This case fell into the second category of human-bear encounter, the one whose penalty was death.
According to Slate, park investigators gathered DNA evidence from the scene and identified the bloody pawprints of a mother and her cub not too far away. Lab analysis pointed to the Wapiti sow, the same mother grizzly who had killed Brian Matayoshi. Traps were set, and for a month the rangers watched and waited with intensifying dread. When the bear and her cubs were finally captured, hair and blood samples matched those taken from both crime scenes. The Wapiti sow would have to be euthanized.
It wasn't an easy choice — though Yellowstone's grizzly population has rebounded, its success relies on the fact that 91 percent of bears make it through each winter. There were only 250 reproductive females like the Wapiti sow in the park in 2012.
But park officials serve their human patrons, not their ursine charges. Sometimes a bear has to be killed in order to “err on the side of human safety,” Yellowstone wildlife biologist Kerry Gunther told Slate in 2012.
Still many park officials believe that the increased presence of humans, particularly humans who are uneducated or careless about dealing with grizzlies, is sparking more of these deadly confrontations. Not because bears get a “taste for human blood” — speaking to Slate, Servheen dismissed that idea as something from “horror stories in movies” — but because humans who get too close to bears can trigger defensive responses, and bears that are too accustomed to humans are more likely to launch an un-bear-like predatory attack.
It's better for humans to stay wary of bears and bears to be fearful of humans, officials say. Both our lives and the bears' lives might depend on it.
For fifty issues, X-O Manowar was arguably the crown jewel of the Valiant Universe. It was the longest-running title, the book that introduced concepts like the Vine and even Ninjak to the larger universe, and it set the tone of smart superheroics that has defined the line ever since its relaunch. After it ended, I think we all knew that there would absolutely be another take coming along soon, but Robert Venditti , Cary Nord , and company definitely left a hard act to follow.
But when X-O Manowar returns next week, that's exactly what Matt Kindt , Tomas Giorello , and Diego Rodriguez are setting out to do with the launch of a massive epic spanning four story arcs that take Aric of Dacia out of retirement and into an alien world of war and conquest --- and you can read a preview below!
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment, click for full size
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
X-O Manowar #1, Valiant Entertainment
Fresh off of the July 21 first launch of 28 new 4G LTE cities, Verizon is already announcing a new set that will go live on August 18. We haven't received an official list yet, but from a variety of sources, we've started compiling one below. We're hearing that the total number of cities will be 116 after the 18th, making this run of LTE rollout from Verizon pretty impressive.
*We'll do our best to add to the list as we see cities pop up.
New Cities:
Council Bluffs, IA
Ithaca, NY
Syracuse, NY
Albany, NY
Fort Collins, CO
Provo/Orem, UT
Salinas and Monterey, CA
Bakersfield, CA
Omaha, NE
Altoona, PA
Johnstown, PA
Tucson, AZ
Frederick, MD
Expanding:
Cincinnati, OH
Columbus, OH
Rockland County, NY (Nyack, West Nyack, Orangeburg, Pearl River, & Spring Valley)
Metrowest, MA
Cheers Zack and Ben!
I feel ashamed to be a Canadian today. One of our best friends, the U.N., exhorted us Wednesday to make our “land of plenty” a prosperous place for the unacceptably large number of us who are poor.
Olivier De Schutter, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food, says Canada needs a right-to-food strategy. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Canada has long been seen as a land of plenty,” Olivier De Schutter, the U.N.'s right-to-food envoy, told an Ottawa press conference. “Yet today one in 10 [Canadian] families with a child under 6 is unable to meet their daily food needs. These rates of food insecurity are unacceptable, and it is time for Canada to adopt a national right-to-food strategy.” None of that shames me. I know my fellow citizens want to do better. They want, for instance, Ottawa to stop reneging on Parliament's unanimous commitment, back in 1990, to eradicate child poverty by 2000.
Article Continued Below
We already know that a poor population is an unhealthy and under-educated one. As a practical rather than ethical matter, we can't afford that in a globally competitive world. We know we are held back by skills shortages across vocations and regions. That poverty and subsistence incomes are a drag on economic growth, diminishing consumer purchasing power, among other things. We know that chronic poverty is linked with cancer, diabetes, heart disease and psychiatric disorders, and with crime, substance abuse and other anti-social behaviours. And that poverty is expensive. Poverty related obesity alone – a North America-wide crisis – costs Canada an estimated $5-billion in healthcare costs and lost productivity. Canada's productivity rate – a chief measure of economic vibrancy – lags that of many of our global rivals. The U.N. reminder is a useful one. It echoes concerns expressed by business leaders during the awareness-raising activities of the Occupy movement, and alarming reports last year on child poverty and income inequality from the Conference Board of Canada, a business-related think tank. No, what shames me is the churlish response of my federal government to the U.N's honest, good-faith call to action.
Jason Kenney, Tory immigration minister and designated hitman on the admittedly scathing U.N. report, managed to put out of mind his own government's lecturing to China on its abysmal human-rights practices, and to Washington on its folly in not promptly approving a pipeline megaproject that poses environmental risks for U.S. citizens. “It would be our hope that the contributions that we make to the United Nations are used to help to starve people in developing countries, not to give lectures to wealthy and developed countries like Canada,” Kennedy said Wednesday.
Article Continued Below
Actually, the wealthy nations could use a lecture, on, say, the 2008-09 meltdown of their quick-buck financial system that imposed a recession on the world, disproportionately afflicting developing nations. Kenney said the U.N. itself ranks Canada among the best countries in which to live. What he didn't say is that we've slid by that measure, now ranking sixth on the U.N.'s Human Development Index, trailing Norway, Australia, the Netherlands, the U.S. and New Zealand. In 1992 and from 1994 to 2000, Canada ranked first. If anything, De Schutter was overly diplomatic about the challenges we face. Three million of us are enduring some measure of deprivation, from dire poverty to struggling to make ends meet. That includes more than 600,000 children. We not only have a growing gap between rich and poor, but it's growing faster in Canada than most rich countries. Our middle class hasn't seen a pay raise in 30 years. Meanwhile, Brazil has been narrowing its income gap, by an average of 1.5 per cent a year, over the past decade. De Schutter called Wednesday for a Canadian right-to-food strategy. Which at least bears consideration, given that the Tories have strategies for exhausting taxpayer funds on U.S. fighter jets that can't fly, and prisons we don't need with crime rates in sustainable decline. We know what that strategy requires: An increase in minimum wages, affordable housing units, and enriched daycare slots, for a start. And restoring taxes to where they were in 2000. That would give Ottawa an extra $48 billion to lift our people from misery and better assure Canada's economic prospects this century. Weak minds react with weakness to wise counsel. There's also the moral repugnancy in our selective regard of outside advice. When an alarmist International Monetary Fund and Wall Street Journal declared in the mid-1990s that Canada was flirting with fiscal ruin, the Chretien government eradicated the federal deficit lickety-split. It did so largely on the backs of the poor and working poor, among the reasons Ottawa broke its promise to impoverished Canadian children. We can recognize that double standard for what it is – a rapid response to any threat to the comfortable, but a “shoot the messenger” reaction when a friend speaks truth to us about our sins.
Read more about:
Old habits die hard, especially when those old habits involve potentially criminal acts carried out under the guise of regulation of licensees whom you regulate and routinely browbeat into submission with massive fines for minor infractions—or even no infractions at all.
But those behind the Louisiana State Board of Dentistry's unique brand of justice that involved having a single employee serve as accuser, prosecutor and judge have taken their actions to a new level that now encompasses the practices of reprisals against whistleblowers, witness tampering, and cyberstalking—all of which, by the way are felonies.
Here are links to just a few of the stories LouisianaVoice has done on the board in the past:
BOARD HARASSES DOC WHO NEVER TOUCHED A TOOTH
APPEAL COURT SLAMS LSDB TACTIC
WHISTLEBLOWER RUINED IN EFFORT TO PROTECT LSU DENTISTRY SCHOOL IN LAWSUIT
And one LouisianaVoice did not write:
TRIAL TO DECIDE IF BOARD CONSPIRED AGAINST DENTIST
There were many more stories on the board, but you get the drift. Basically, it was a board comprised of out-of-control executives, investigators and members who flexed their collective muscle to drive out competition.
In Haygood's case, he was convinced that a direct competitor, Dr. Ross Dies, had conspired with board members to manufacture complaints against him. And the cooperative board did just that, coming up with eight violations and imposing fines of more than $173,000. Haygood moved out of state and filed suit against Dies, the board and its investigators, a couple of them, ironically enough, unlicensed investigators.
That Haygood decided to fight back must have come as quite a surprise to the board which had always bullied into submission dentists terrified of not only hefty fines, but the very real threat of license revocation.
Because the board had employed unlicensed investigators to pursue Haygood, the board negotiated a consent agreement whereby he paid substantially lower fines ($16,500) and was reinstated.
Part of the consent agreement also stipulated that Haygood, “other than presenting evidence, claims, and testimony,” he would refrain from publishing or making “any disparaging or critical remarks verbally or in writing about the board or any of the board parties.”
Well, on April 4, 2018, Haygood did just that. He gave his testimony before the Senate Commerce Committee in connection with Senate Bill 260 which dealt with…disciplinary hearings by professional and occupational licensing boards and commissions.
Also testifying before the committee were Dr. Randall Wilk, a doctor who holds a dental license but who has never touched a tooth (as more fully described in the first link above) who found himself in the board's crosshairs, and Diana Chenevert, a former employee of the Dental Board.
Wilk was called in to a board meeting and told to pay a $5,000 fine and sign a consent decree over a false charge of his possessing no anesthesia permit or a certificate in oral surgery. Wilk refused to sign the consent decree without his attorney first reviewing the document. The board members left the room and returned with an adding machine “and told me that if I did not sign the document right then and there, that they could levy fines of over $100,000. This was a pure and simple shakedown,” Wilk said.
Board investigator Camp Morrison, who since has lost his own license as a private investigator, would show up at Wilk's operation waiting room handing out business cards to his patients and advising them that he was the Dental Board's investigator and that he was conducting an investigation of Dr. Wilk—even Wilk was not even a practicing dentist.
As an illustration how the board routinely extorted fines from dentists while giving them no opportunity to defend themselves, go to this LINK.
Chenevert, Haygood says, “witnessed unethical and potentially illegal informal hearing and consent decree methods, observed board members filing and directing penalties against dentists practicing in their own areas, illegal investigations and the destruction of documents.
The board's reaction was immediate.
New complaints have now been filed against both Wilk and Haygood because of their “disparaging remarks” about the board in their Senate testimony. All three have been subjected to “additional threatening, intimidating, extortive, and retaliatory behaviors, including but not limited to: close surveillance and repetitive, unrelenting, and harassing text messages,” according to Haygood's petition.
The board came after Wilk the very week after his Senate testimony, renewing the same charge of his lacking an anesthesia permit from the board which, to reiterate, is not required since he does not practice dentistry. The timing of the renewed charges cannot be written off as coincidence.
But the worst of those are the text messages directed at Chenevert. Whoever the despicable, disgusting, cowardly sleazebag is (and have a pretty good idea who it is), he is conducting his cyberstalking anonymously—and well he should, because what he's doing could quite easily land him in jail. And I am fully aware that a news story should not editorialize, but this person is a special kind of lowlife, so I'll exercise my option to call it the way I see it.
LouisianaVoice has copies of the texts, but they will not be published. But suffice it to say, besides offering her a cushy job in exchange for her recanting her testimony, the messages are explicit, vulgar, and more than a little suggestive—all designed to rattle her and intimidate her into recanting her testimony. The latest was received Monday morning (Feb. 18, 2019). I'm pretty sure the perpetrator gets his jollies writing them.
These latest actions by and on behalf of the board go way beyond the bounds of decency and are way beneath the mission of a public board appointed by the governor of Louisiana. Perhaps Gov. Edwards should just remove every single member, as well as the executive director, and start over because it's quite clear that the board and its representatives, official or unofficial, are out of control.
State Sens. Fred Mills, Chairman of the Committee on Health and Welfare, and Danny Martiny, Chairman of the Committee on Commerce let their feelings about the board's latest reprisals be known in a December 17, 2018 LETTER.
In their letter, Martiny (R-Metairie) and Mills (R-New Iberia) expressed their “profound disapproval of not only including a non-disparagement clause in a consent decree with a licensed dentist, but invoking that clause as a result of providing legislative committee testimony. We consider this a gross abuse of power as there is no compelling state interest in restricting the speech of a licensee simply because you find his comments derogatory to the board.”
The letter reminded the board that it was “created by legislature to protect the public,” adding that there was “absolutely nothing in this action by the board that has any semblance of public protection. Rather, it appears to be an unacceptable strong-arming of a government body for self-serving and retaliatory means.”
Board President Dr. Jerome Smith responded with his own LETTER on December 20 in an attempt to justify its latest attack against Haygood but ended by saying that “the charges pending against this dentist have been hereby dismissed since our 2018 board president has decided to turn this matter over to me.”
Amazing what getting a letter from a couple of pissed-off legislators can do.
But Haygood's attorney Jerald Harper of Shreveport isn't quite ready to let the matter drop so easily. His client, as well as Dr. Wilk and Ms. Chenevert have been subjected to harassment and Wilk and Chenevert, as pointed out, continue to feel pressure from the board.
In a February 13 letter to the two senators, HARPER pointed out that the “systematic, punitive” actions of the board were the result of testimony from the three. He said there “have been clearly extraordinary and plainly criminal efforts to exact a retraction from Ms. Diana Chenevert. These actions are continuing as of the date of this communication. I hope you share my concerns about protecting witnesses who voluntarily appear before the Louisiana Legislature to share their views, expertise and experience in order to permit it to properly exercise its oversight functions.”
Harper also took issue with Dr. Smith's letter, saying he provided “false or misleading information on nearly every point provided in that letter, adding that while Dr. Smith claimed that the complaint against Dr. Haygood will be dismissed, the board “has provided no notice of this dismissal to Dr. Haygood as of this writing.”
rajya sabha passes bill wife to get share from husband s inherited property after divorce
New Delhi: Rajya Sabha on Monday approved a proposal to make divorce friendly for women as it provides for the wife getting share in the husband's immovable property after "irretrievable breakdown" of marriage.
The Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill seeks to empower the courts to decide the compensation amount from the husband's inherited and inheritable property for the wife and children once the marriage legally ends.The Bill allows both parties to file for divorce on the ground of "irretrievable breakdown" of marriage. Both parties have to live apart for at least three years before filing for such a petition.Provisions have been made to restrict grant of a decree of divorce on ground of "irretrievable breakdown" of marriage if the court is satisfied that adequate provision for maintenance of children has not been made consistently with financial capacity of the parties to the marriage.Also, the wife has the right to oppose the grant of a divorce on the ground that the dissolution could result in grave financial hardship.Replying to a debate on the bill, Law Minister Kapil Sibal said it is a "a historic peace of legislation" in a patriarchal society like India where women, who constitute 50 per cent of the population, own only two per cent of the assets.He said the divorce is "gender neutral" as either the wife or the husband can seek divorce. However, the right over property will not be gender neutral as wife can lay claim on husband's immovable property.The Bill also provides that a court can take an ex parte decision on granting divorce if one of the two parties refuse to move a joint application.
I know many will gush over President Obama's Cairo speech and I'm likely swimming against the tide of the media and my fellow Democrats and progressives. But reading the transcript, I was struck by two things:
1. Aside from a few platitudes, it is disappointingly weak on human rights and specifically women's rights.
2. It betrays a naiveté, perhaps feigned, about how the Arab world works.
I sometimes preface my posts by explaining that my Mideast perspective is that of an American-Lebanese-Christian-Jew who grew up in Muslim West Beirut at the height (or should I say depth) of the Lebanese civil war. The tumultuous and bloody intersection of religions and geopolitical interests is painfully real to me.
Yes, Obama is targeting the Arab 'street' and global public opinion - but to the corrupt regimes that dominate that region of the world, his oration means virtually nothing. Repression and suppression will go on uninterrupted. And to those whose abiding hatred of Israel (and thus America) is absolute, Obama's words will be seen as empty and hypocritical.
Egyptian blogger Hossam el-Hamalawy explains:
Right before he took off from DC, on what the media has been depicting as some "odyssey," to address the Muslim World from Cairo, President Obama had described the 81-year-old Egyptian President Mubarak as a "force for stability." This week Cairo and its twin city Giza have been a showcase of what this "stability" cost. The capital is under occupation. Security troops are deployed in the main public squares and metro stations. Citizens were detained en masse and shops were told to close down in Bein el-Sarayat area, neighboring Cairo University, where Obama will be speaking. In Al-Azhar University, the co-host of the "historical speech," State Security police raided and detained at least 200 foreign students, held them without charges in unknown locations.
Is there an overarching purpose to Obama's speech? Is it to repair our image after eight years of a radical rightwing administration? Of course. But if the goal is to repair our image, then how about shunning the barbaric concept of indefinite detention? How about heeding the increasingly distressed calls of those who view the new administration's actions in the realm of civil liberties as a dangerous, disturbing, and precedent-setting affirmation of Bush's worst excesses?
Glenn Greenwald writes:
The White House is actively supporting a new bill jointly sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham and Joe Lieberman -- called The Detainee Photographic Records Protection Act of 2009 -- that literally has no purpose other than to allow the government to suppress any "photograph taken between September 11, 2001 and January 22, 2009 relating to the treatment of individuals engaged, captured, or detained after September 11, 2001, by the Armed Forces of the United States in operations outside of the United States." What kind of country passes a law that has no purpose other than to empower its leader to suppress evidence of the torture it inflicted on people? Read the language of the bill; it doesn't even hide the fact that its only objective is to empower the President to conceal evidence of war crimes. That this exact scenario is now happening in the U.S. is all the more remarkable given that the President who is demanding these new suppression powers is the same one who repeatedly vowed "to make his administration the most open and transparent in history." After noting the tentative steps Obama has taken to increase transparency, the generally pro-Obama Washington Post Editorial Page today observed: "what makes the administration's support for the photographic records act so regrettable" is that "Mr. Obama runs the risk of taking two steps back in his quest for more open government." What makes all of this even worse is that it is part of a broader trend whereby the Government simply retroactively changes the law whenever it decides it does not want to abide by it.
Glenn has been documenting - and railing against - dozens of similar instances. I echoed his concerns in a recent post:
Setting aside all the campaign slogans about hope and change, what Obama really signifies is a razor sharp break from Bush, Cheney, Yoo, Rice, Rumsfeld, Addington, Libby, Bybee et al. After eight years of damage to the fabric of our Constitution and our nation, the entire point of a new face, a smart, youthful, inspiring Democratic president is to completely and totally reject the Bush years, to reject the lawless behavior, the Orwellian rationales, the blatant disregard of the Constitution. Neglecting to do so, and leaving any doubt about where Democrats stand on these issues, is profoundly detrimental to the country.
Take the issue of women's rights, addressed in Obama's Cairo speech with the most tepid language:
"The U.S. government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab, and to punish those who would deny it." "I reject the view of some in the West that a woman who chooses to cover her hair is somehow less equal, but I do believe that a woman who is denied an education is denied equality. And it is no coincidence that countries where women are well-educated are far more likely to be prosperous." "Now let me be clear: issues of women's equality are by no means simply an issue for Islam. In Turkey, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Indonesia, we have seen Muslim-majority countries elect a woman to lead. Meanwhile, the struggle for women's equality continues in many aspects of American life, and in countries around the world." "Our daughters can contribute just as much to society as our sons, and our common prosperity will be advanced by allowing all humanity - men and women - to reach their full potential. I do not believe that women must make the same choices as men in order to be equal, and I respect those women who choose to live their lives in traditional roles. But it should be their choice. That is why the United States will partner with any Muslim-majority country to support expanded literacy for girls, and to help young women pursue employment through micro-financing that helps people live their dreams."
Is that a joke?
With women being stoned, raped, abused, battered, mutilated, and slaughtered on a daily basis across the globe, violence that is so often perpetrated in the name of religion, the most our president can speak about is protecting their right to wear the hijab? I would have been much more heartened if the preponderance of the speech had been about how in the 21st century, we CANNOT tolerate the pervasive abuse of our mothers and sisters and daughters.
I return to the example of Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow:
13-year old Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow was stoned to death in Somalia by insurgents because she was raped. Reports indicate that was raped by three men while traveling by foot to visit her grandmother in conflict capital, Mogadishu. When she went to the authorities to report the crime, they accused her of adultery and sentenced her to death. Aisha was forced into a hole in a stadium of 1,000 onlookers as 50 men buried her up to the neck and cast stones at her until she died. When some of the people at the stadium tried to save her, militia opened fire on the crowd, killing a boy who was a bystander. A witness who spoke to the BBC's Today programme said she had been crying and had to be forced into a hole before the stoning, reported to have taken place in a football stadium. ... She said: 'I'm not going, I'm not going. Don't kill me, don't kill me.' "A few minutes later more than 50 men tried to stone her." The witness said people crowding round to see the execution said it was "awful".
Enough with the perpetual campaign. True justice, true peace, these are earned through courageous decisions and bold actions. Real truth to power.
If we are to fix America's image in the world and if we are to heal the planet's myriad ills, it will not be done through contrite kumbaya speeches about how we are all one world and how we should all coexist peacefully, no matter whether the remarks are delivered in Cleveland or Cairo. It will be done by leading through example, by righting the many wrongs here at home, by seeking justice and fairness for all, by doing what is right, not saying what sounds pleasing to the media elite and the pliable punditocracy.
Whether it's the Middle East, Africa, or Eastern Europe, the familiar pattern of American military expansion goes something like this: first we are promised that US troops are merely in a country for limited "training" missions with "partner" forces; next we are told of "counter-terror" operations which require an increased "footprint"; after which we are assured once again that there are "no boots on the ground" but a "minimal" increase of train and assist missions; finally, US soldiers begin to come home in body bags at which point the 9/11 era AUMF is cynically invoked (Authorization For Use of Military Force).
On Tuesday the whole Orwellian cycle of American non-deployment to non-wars (by our politicians' standards) was on display during a single Pentagon press briefing, when Army spokesman Maj. Gen. James B. Jarrard told reporters that 4,000 US troops were deployed to Syria, but then awkwardly attempted to walk back the statement less than 30 seconds later:
Wow. Question on how many US troops are in Syria. MG initially says 4,000 (!) then apologizes, changes to 500 after a follow-up. pic.twitter.com/ru92GkU3PW — Jake Godin (@JakeGodin) October 31, 2017
Army spokesman: I think it's a little over 4,000 US troops in Syria right now that are supporting efforts against Daesh, and supporting the SDF. Reporter: So you have 4,000 US troops in Syria, because I thought that publicly, previously the number was 1,000. So this would be four times - well it was actually 500, but your saying 4000 US troops are currently in Syria? Army spokesman: I'm sorry I mispoke there - there are approximately 500 troops in Syria. ...[press pool breaks out in laughter...]
Interestingly, Major Jarrard appeared to have thought carefully as he struggled to articulate the initial "over 4,000" number. Though he begins his response by stumbling over his words, he actually appears firm and confident when he finally asserts the 4,000 number. It is only after the incredulous reporter points out the colossal leap in numbers (compared to previous official Pentagon statements) that the US coalition spokesman quickly walks it back and says, "I'm sorry I mispoke there - there are approximately 500 troops in Syria."
American boots on the ground in Syria: 500 or 4000+, or more? Image source: The Arab Weekly
Though the DoD has long stuck to its official "503 U.S. troops, which mostly covers special operations units", it appears that not even the usually tame and docile Pentagon press pool is buying this, as the reporters broke out into loud laughter, after which long awkwardness and silence followed.
And even the Military Times, in its coverage, isn't buying it:
However, those numbers don't paint the actual picture of the size and scope of the U.S. footprint in either country. U.S. commanders on the ground have leeway to bring in extra troops for limited periods of time that don't count towards the total FML. The current number of troops in Syria is above the FML, Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesperson told Military Times. But the number of U.S. boots on the ground in Syria is “not anywhere near” the 4,000 figure Jarrard mistakenly told reporters on Tuesday. The special operations commander “is only human; he just made a mistake,” Pahon told Military Times.
Last summer, in a move that angered the US administration, Turkish state media leaked the locations of no less than ten small scale American military bases in northern Syria alone (revelations of US bases in southern Syria began surfacing as well). As the Military Times further acknowledges, these bases - though likely special forces forward operating bases - require a broad support base of US personnel operating in various logistical roles inside Syria.
And with the recent US-SDF build up in and around Raqqa after its recent liberation from ISIS, there is no doubt that this support base of US personnel on the ground in Syria has necessarily increased on a significant scale.
According to Military Times:
Images of massive convoys carrying coalition trucks and weapons and supplies to Syrian Democratic Forces could be seen on an almost daily occurrence, hinting that U.S. involvement in the Syrian battlefield was much higher than the 503 telegraphed in daily press briefings. Moreover, U.S. forces have been operating in a number of capacities to include security presence patrols to keep the peace between Turkey and U.S.-backed Kurdish militants. Images of rangers steam rolling through the northern Syria countryside in Stryker vehicles brandishing American flags during the spring was a common sight for several months. A task force of U.S. Marines has also been providing 24-hour all-weather artillery support to Syrian fighters. And U.S. special operations forces are actively advising and supporting SDF fighters as they continue to take ground from ISIS.
As we noted previously, even the former senior national security adviser to the Obama administration, Colin Kahl, (among the very architects of Obama's dangerous and disastrous Syria policy) admitted that that the United States has entered a “quagmire” and will inevitably climb “further up the escalation ladder in Syria.” It is perhaps an obvious sign that we have already long been in the midst of a quagmire in Syria (the result of failed regime change plans) when the Pentagon spokesman comically spouts obvious lies, which elicits press pool laughter at the obvious absurdity of it all.
Of course, the US was already very far up the “escalation ladder” from the moment it attempted to save face regarding the failed regime change war against Assad by investing itself in the war to the point of having to defend its SDF assets on the ground - a "plan B" of sorts: embed with the SDF (or Kurdish-Arab Syrian Democratic Forces). This "plan B" will no doubt lead to more and more troop deployments, which itself will likely result in more absurdly comical (and tragic) displays of Orwellian Pentagon press briefings.
Image caption More than two million refugees have fled Syria resulting in a humanitarian crisis
Hundreds of people fleeing the civil war in Syria are being turned back at the border with Jordan and neighbouring countries, says Amnesty International.
Those being denied entry include Palestinian and Iraqi refugees who have been living in Syria, and those without identity documents, its report says.
Amnesty says the situation is "unacceptable".
However, the Jordanian authorities maintain that they have kept their borders open for Syrian refugees.
Jordanian government spokesman Dr Mohammed al-Momani told the BBC that there was "no change of Jordan's position regarding refugees".
"Refugees that reach our borders are allowed in, in accordance with international law and Jordan's historical position of providing safety to those who seek it," he said.
More than two million refugees have now fled Syria resulting in a humanitarian crisis.
Most have found refuge in Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt.
The BBC's Yolande Knell says the research highlights how fighting combined with Jordanian restrictions have indefinitely trapped thousands of displaced Syrians in the border area.
"People fleeing Syria to Jordan and other countries in the region are being hampered by tightening border restrictions. Many of them have already lost everything," said Philip Luther, AI's Middle East and North Africa director.
Where Syrian refugees are 716,000 in Lebanon
515,000 in Jordan
460,000 in Turkey
169,000 in Iraq
111,000 in Egypt
4.25 million others displaced inside Syria ( Source UNHCR)
Those being turned away also include unaccompanied men with no demonstrable family ties in Jordan, AI says.
Amnesty says that in the past year, dozens of refugees allowed into Jordan have also been deported to Syria.
In August 2012, it says some 200 refugees were forcibly returned to Syria after protests broke out at the Zaatari refugee camp.
AI says it has obtained information which indicates that scores of other individuals have since been sent back to Syria.
The human rights group is calling for refugees to be able to cross borders freely - but says more international support is needed to help Syria's neighbours deal with the continuing influx.
The UN's $4.4bn (£2.7bn) appeal for Syrian refugees is only 50% funded, and there has been little response to appeals for Western states to resettle Syrians.
Unrest in Syria began in March 2011, developing into a conflict in which more than 100,000 people are estimated to have been killed.
After all Assassin's Creed Unity problems, Ubisoft announced a new Assassin's Creed for this autumn. To be sure that the game will run perfectly on all computers they asked the guys from Nintendo if it's a good strategy to use Super Mario graphics from 80s. Nintendo guys were somewhat skeptical about Ubisoft's strategy and capability and advises that it would be much better to create a Snake kinda graphics.
Nintendo:
” We told them that is better idea to use a Nokia Snake graphics for their game.This way the game is going to run smoothly on all computers touching 60 FPS on low settings. And maybe 30 FPS on ultra settings on latest nVidia and AMD cards. Good luck guys!”
The folks at Ubisoft were very excited about these suggestions and have already started working on the game. The first image of the game was revealed today:
Tesla fired workers because they were trying to start a union, according to a complaint by the United Auto Workers.
The UAW, which is trying to organize at the upstart auto company, has asked the National Labor Relations Board to order the workers reinstated. Tesla says they were let go because of bad performance reviews.
Other workers were intimidated, harassed and disciplined unfairly, the union says. It issued statements from what it said were union supporters at Tesla who were dismissed despite not having any problems on their reviews.
"I worked hard for this company for five years, sometimes 72 hours a week -- and never had any performance-related complaints," said Mike Williams, who the UAW says was fired for "performance issues" and being a bad influence on coworkers.
"I did, however, wear a union shirt," he said. "And I had union stickers on my water bottle. And I believed that a union would make us safer, and would make the company more organized and more efficient."
The employees were fired or harassed over the past six months, according to the complaint. The union says hundreds of employees have been dismissed in that time, though it didn't say how many it contends were fired for supporting a union. About 33,000 people work at Tesla.
CEO Elon Musk has sparred with the UAW repeatedly over the past year as the organizing movement has tried to take hold. But the company says no employee has ever been punished for supporting a union.
Tesla would not comment on the reasons that any specific employees, including Williams, were dismissed. It calls the complaint an organizing tactic by the union.
Related: Tesla could face an uphill slog in China
"At Tesla, we strive to be a fair and just company, the only kind worth being," the company said in a statement. "Performance reviews result in promotions and occasionally in employee departures."
The UAW has filed previous unfair labor practice complaints against Tesla, though never any that accused Tesla of firing people for backing the union movement.
Tesla also faces a lawsuit in California state court claiming that it failed to provide two months' notice for layoffs as required by federal law. That suit, filed by a former employee, seeks two months' pay for the workers who were let go.
Tesla says it is hiring to fill the "vast majority" of the positions left open by the terminations, and thus did not have to provide a notice of a layoff. It says the terminations took place in all areas of the company.
Related: Tesla factory at center of discrimination lawsuits
In addition to the disputes about firings, Tesla (TSLA) has been hit with four lawsuits in recent months from workers alleging racial, LGBT and gender discrimination at its plant in Fremont, California.
Tesla has told CNNMoney that it takes all complaints seriously, but, "in the history of Tesla, there has never been a single proven case of discrimination against the company. Not one."
Tesla is ramping up production of the Model 3, its first mass-market car. It has hundreds of thousands of potential customers who have put down $1,000 deposits and are waiting for one.
But the company has had trouble meeting the production targets. In the third quarter, it built only 260 of the 1,500 cars it expected to build. The company blamed bottlenecks at its battery plant in Nevada and its assembly plant in California.
“We want to forge a generation of wild youth, disposed to destroy the city and the capitalist economy. From the Barcelona suburbs, we make a call to the rest of the youth for you to assume the nihilist branch of anarchism, to investigate your perceptions and to unite, under a black anti-authoritarian fist, let's subvert the old order. Let's go beyond.”
__________________________________
from liberaciontotal, transl waronsociety, communique:
THE CITY FROM THE BOMBS WILL BURN ONCE AGAIN.
Metropolitan area of Barcelona.
Maresme Av:
– We claim the arson of two FedEx vans at 10:30 PM on February 4, 2011.
– We belatedly claim the arson of two luxury cars in the early hours of September 7-8th, 2011 at 10:50 PM.
– Also, on March 7, 2012, we claim the arson of a van of the Presegur security company.
(Some videos captured by the neighbors: 1, 2, 3)
Mare St, deu de Lorda:
– We claim the arson of an ATM on March 18, 2012 with a small Molotov cocktail at 4:30 AM.
Poblenou – Work office attacked.
On March 21, 2012, in the Poblenou neighborhood, a work office was attacked, breaking the windows at 2:30 AM. Against wage torture, direct action.
Verneda – Two banks hit.
On March 22, 2012, a group of comrades at 11 PM broke the windows of two banks, one La Caixa branch and one of Sabadell Bank. Afterwards, a Molotov cocktail was thrown at the ATM.
Camp de l'arpa – Church attacked.
On March 27, 2011, a church was attacked with paint bombs on the exterior, and its windows were broken with rocks at 12:40 AM.
Deeds during the general strike – March 29.
– After the riots, at around 11:40 on Balmas St, 4 trash bins were set on fire to then try to block the street.
– At 12:30 AM near Urquinaona Plaza, 3 trash bins were tipped over and set on fire to block off a nearby street.
– At 1:15 AM a La Caixa bank branch was attacked, setting fire to an ATM and breaking the windows, near Sant Jaume Plaza.
– At 2:50 AM on Joaquim Costa St, two trash bins were set on fire to block off the street.
– At 3:20 AM silicon was used to sabotage various places that remained open on the day of the strike.
– At 4 AM a Caixa Laietana bank branch was attacked near Catalunya Plaza, afterward the street was blocked with a burning trash bin.
La Sagrera – insurer attacked.
On April 2, 2012, at 3:20 AM, a group of hooded comrades busted out the windows of a bank branch, then threw a red flare inside. Then the street was blocked off.
Raval – Trash bins burned.
On April 3, 2012, at 4:50 AM, we claim the arson of 8 trash bins in the Raval neighborhood, on l'Aurora St. Seconds later, a large “WE ARE AN IMAGE OF THE FUTURE” was painted.
Hospitalet del Llobregat – CCTV attacked.
The night of April 4 from 12:30 to around 3:20 AM, in Hospitalet, specifically in the Torrassa neighorhood, various CCTV systems were attacked with poles, rope and cobblestones.
La mina – Street blockage and attack on bank.
On April 6, at 7:20 PM, Tessàlia St was blocked off with burning trash bins and then two traffic signals were attacked to impede the normal functioning of traffic. Then, at around 12:20 AM at the same spot, a nearby bank branch was attacked and “We want Stella Free” was painted.
Nou Barris – Schools sabotaged.
The night of April 5 in the Nou Barris area, paintings were made on public institutions at around 11:50 PM; later, around 3:30 AM a private school was sabotaged with windows broken and paint bombs and also with various paintings on the outside walls.
The paintings read:
– For a self-managed, voluntary and anti-authoritarian school. Death to the bosses' world.
– Against the domestication of the individual, resistance and direct action.
– Youth, if you do not fight, no one will fight for you.
Brief communique:
As anarchists of nihilist tendency, we vindicate revolutionary action as a tool for our political-emancipatory project, we propose subversive urban guerrilla war as a form of struggle in the streets spaces, likewise for gain territory in our lives, in the face of the control of the authoritarian State.
We are revolutionary anarchists who reject and disregard the ranks of classic anarchism, likewise we reject the ancient strategy (end in itself) of accumulation of forces. We break with the old schemas and -isms, and we function by means of our inquietude and our personal I (which we temper with collective labor in order to accomplish according to vital goals, this being a false problem and not a contradiction at all).
As youth uprooted with expectations of wanting to free ourselves, we not only see our enemy in capitalism and the State, we also see it in the humanizing values of society, in its defense of the indefensible, therefore, we also seek to dis-articulate it. We are the uncontrollables, those who give free reign to socio-political destruction, those who see in the precarious and wild youth, in the immigrant youth and and youth of lower social class, the destabilizing explosion adequate for dismantling the bosses' world and to entomb the State, we see adequate capacity for creating a tension of civil-revolutionary war by means of the tactic of the anarchist urban guerrilla and the conflict between the oppressive State and the revolutionary youth. We are working for the articulation of a constant influence in our spaces of the streets, that can create the situation of socio-political war against civilization, of razing to the ground capital's schemas without any consideration.
We want to forge a generation of wild youth, disposed to destroy the city and the capitalist economy. From the Barcelona suburbs, we make a call to the rest of the youth for you to assume the nihilist branch of anarchism, to investigate your perceptions and to unite, under a black anti-authoritarian fist, let's subvert the old order. Let's go beyond.
Reciprocal solidarity:
Although at the time the actions did not have a concrete spirit of solidarity from the start and only sought to spread revolutionary action and revolt, we want to change the initial plan and to dedicate all of these actions (except the solidarity of April 6 with Stella Antoniou) to Gerasimos Tsakalos, Panagiotis Argyrou, Christos Tsakalos, Giorgos Karagiannidis, Alexandros Mitroussias, and Kostas Sakkas who at this time have started a hunger strike. Comrades, we send you a raised fist and a fervent revolutionary greeting.
Death to social peace!
For the return of terror to its gears!
Anarquistas nihilistas.
Senior Nebraska defensive lineman Greg McMullen is moving on from the sport of football.
Considered the Huskers top returning defensive linemen in 2015, McMullen started 26 consecutive games as a sophomore and junior and has played in 37 games overall the last three seasons.
McMullen took a "leave of absence" from the team last week, and was on the sidelines during Saturday's Red-White spring game.
“Greg McMullen is finishing his degree and has already been accepted and been granted an assistantship in graduate school,” head coach Mike Riley said. “He's going to work with youth in our area. Since he's got his degree, he wants to go on with his life. He's made a decision not to play football any more. Obviously that means an opportunity to play after this. He has really got a vision about where he wants to go and what he wants to do. I'm really proud of him in a lot of ways for what he has done here for this school and this team getting his degree and having a real plan going forward.
"In saying that, we'll miss him. As a guy around here he's a really, really good person and a good football player. It's kind of bitter sweet for sure.”
Senior safety Nate Gerry said McMullen told the team of his decision before kickoff of Saturday's Red-White spring game.
“It's going to be tough for the team just because Greg is one of those senior leaders, and a lot of people look up to Greg," Gerry said of McMullen. "He's a good role model for everybody on the team. He's a veteran player that when you get done in the fourth quarter, he's one of those guys you want to count on. Having him gone it's going to be tough. We are going to need a lot of young defensive linemen to step up. I thought the Davis twins had a pretty good spring, and I thought Peyton Newell as well had a pretty good spring.”
Riley also announced at the end of the game that senior defensive tackle Kevin Williams will also pursue being a graduate transfer and won't be back at NU.
“He is choosing a different opportunity to play as a graduate transfer somewhere,” Riley said. “He's looking for a different opportunity in the scheme of things finding a spot to play.”
The loss of McMullen and Williams leaves the Huskers with senior Kevin Maurice and redshirt freshman Khalil Davis as the two projected starters at defensive tackle, with sophomore Mick Stoltenberg and redshirt freshmen Carlos Davis and Peyton Newell also in the discussion.
Another piece of roster news Riley announced on Saturday was senior offensive lineman Paul Thurston will not be back in 2016, and plans to pursue being a graduate transfer. Thurston only practiced four days with NU this spring because of a class conflict.
"He might be another guy that's looking at the depth chart and wanting to play more and looking at another place," Riley said of Thurston. "He has asked for his (release) and we agreed to talk about it more next week, but I would say for the most part that is final. He's going to find another place. He, like Kevin (Williams) look at the depth chart and see their senior year and they are looking for opportunity."
Chelsea Clinton, daughter of Bill and Hillary as well as dream political candidate of select Democrats, continues to serve up criticism of President Donald Trump:
7 years before Comedy Central and WHCD, @realDonaldTrump was roasted at the Friars, where he said "c–t." https://t.co/BxjFKipu4e — Seth Abramovitch (@SethAbramovitch) April 13, 2017
Appalling. Just because something isn't surprising – or even is expected at this point – doesn't make it less appalling. https://t.co/CZk8qX3NcN — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) April 13, 2017
In February, Juanita Broaddrick smacked down Clinton over the meaning of “horrifying,” and she's now firing back at Chelsea about what's truly “appalling”:
Donald Trump has history of bad words. Your father has history of rape and sexual assault. Comparison?? https://t.co/Qs5zJK8FKV — Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) April 13, 2017
Ouch!
@atensnut Thanks for calling her out Juanita! ? — Ldj (@ldjanes) April 13, 2017
Advertisement
Today is officially the first day of RoboGames, and if you're reading this blog and are anywhere near San Francisco, there's really no excuse not to go. Robots will be competing in approximately five million different events, ranging from heavyweight combat to micromouse maze solving to autonomous firefighting to hardcore Mech Warfare. Oh, and there will be a symposium, too, and you really shouldn't miss that, especially if you like watching certain robot bloggers act all nervous and awkward-like while attempting to give a talk. Ahem.
We'll be trying to get around all the different events as best as we can, but our focus will be two different areas: Mech Warfare (including the new hardcore class in their fancy new arena), and autonomous events. The latter includes various humanoid challenges, autonomous combat, and autonomous sumo.
RoboGames runs Friday through Sunday, 12 p.m. to 7 p.m., meaning that you can still totally sleep in while making it to all the events. Tickets are $25 for adults and $20 for kids at the door (active military and dependents get in free), and this year's venue is the San Mateo expo center.
[ RoboGames ]
Also, if you're lucky enough to be located here in the Bay Area, there are some other exciting robotics events coming up. Tonight is the inaugural San Francisco Robot Film Festival screening at the Autofuss/Bot & Dolly/BeatBots studios, and for just $5 you can swing by and enjoy a selection of films from the inaugural 2011 festival.
[ Robot Film Festival SF ]
And in the next few weeks, we're looking forward to a weekend-long robot startup workshop hosted by Robot Launchpad, followed by an Xconomy forum on "The Future of Robotics in Silicon Valley and Beyond." Confirmed speakers will include Helen Greiner (co-founder of iRobot), Mick Mountz (CEO of Kiva), Rich Mahoney (director of robotics at SRI), Steve Cousins and Brian Gerkey from Willow Garage, as well as heavyweights from Adept, Meka, Liquid Robotics, Google, and more.
[ Xconomy Forum ]
What with the increasing number of robot events going on, we've been thinking about putting together a calendar of some sort to make it easy to see what's going on, where, and when. If you think that would be helpful (and have any suggestions as to a good way to do it), let us know.
Donald and Ivanka Trump (Shutterstock).
Two former White House ethics lawyers called out the Trump administration for giving First Daughter Ivanka Trump a new unpaid White House job where she will have no public accountability.
Via Robert Reich, Richard Painter, chief ethics officer for the George W. Bush administration, and Norm Eisen, ethics officer for the Obama administration, wrote a letter to White House Counsel Donald McGahn where they challenged the way the White House structured Ivanka Trump's appointment to the West Wing.
In particular, they said that the White House seems to have crafted a position for her in which she has all of the status of a major West Wing job, but without any sort of public oversight into her work.
“This arrangement appears designed to allow Ms. Trump to avoid the ethics, conflict-of-interest and other rules that apply to White House employees,” they wrote. “She is seeking the ‘status' of assuming what is in fact, if not in name, a ‘formal White House position' (that includes a West Wing office, a security clearance, and an issues portfolio) but at the same time the arrangement avoids the ‘set of legal restrictions' that accompany such positions.”
Read Reich's full Facebook post on the letter below.
The battle years in the making are going down on U Dubb on Jan. 22.
Looking back on 2016, it could be seen as the year when the status and notoriety of the top tier of battle rap began its fall. Throughout the year, across many platforms, top tier battlers submitted lackluster performances and, as a whole, were outdone by hungrier up and coming battlers eager to stake their claim.
The resurgence of the so-called mid tier battlers, along with the rise of new talent, has resulted in classic battles such as Ave versus Rum Nitty, while top tier battles haven't been able to quite live up to expectations.
On January 22, at U Dubb's "High Stakes 2" mega-event, Hitman Holla and Shotgun Suge have a chance to reverse the trend and provide fans with the top tier clash they have been starving for.
Appropriately, the stakes for a battle haven't been this high since Loaded Lux took on Hollow Da Don at U Dubb's inaugural "High Stakes" to put on 2014's battle of the year. To this day, Beloved vs. Da Dinininon is regarded as one of the best battles of all time because it's a slugfest between two top tier talents who gave 100% of themselves to both the battle and the promotion.
Years later, we finally have one of the last true grudge matches between Suge and Hitman. The match-up has been in the making for years now, with attempts to make it happen on URL and GO-Rilla Warfare both falling through.
We know the battle is going to be electrifying, but we don't know what's going to happen when these titans finally clash, the pride of their cities on their backs.
I'm here to help.
Even though the battle hasn't even started, in the eyes of many fans the first round of this battle is Hitman's to lose. His first rounds are the stuff of legend, and with his return from a long absence from the major leagues, you can bet Hitman will have plenty to say and plenty to remix in the first.
The real intrigue will come from how Suge approaches the first, and I'm not so sure that Suge won't be asking "What his life like?" from the jump. More than that, we might get some, "While you were Wild 'n Out with the Cannon ... I was ..." bars, and no matter how predictable they may be, they're still guaranteed to hit hard.
The smart play for Suge here will be to prove that Hitman went Hollywood. Suge should take every chance to win over the crowd by stripping Hitman of his credibility, bringing up his high pay demands and flashy social media posts.
Hitman though, should know this is coming, and I predict his second round will be his best. Hitman has been tweeting fans, asking them which version they want to see, and the overwhelming response from fans is that they want that "Yett Yett, Talk to umm" Hitman.
I'm predicting that Hitman will bring one of his stories, reminiscent to the Arsonal/O Red stories where he put aside the complicated metaphors and wordplay to set up some old school haymakers, which should be enough to steal the second round.
Not to be counted out, I have Suge winning the third round. Hitman has a track record of tailing off after his first two rounds, while Suge has proven great at leaving lasting impressions with solid round closers.
Which means that this battle will come down to the first round.
It will be close, it will be hard fought, and it should be a reminder of the type of classic battle that can come from two of the most popular emcee's in the sport, who are hungry to prove that they are better than the other.
However, Hitman's long-awaited return, paired with his ability to deliver moments that can stand the test of time will prove to be too much for Suge.
Hitman Holla 2-1.
Watch the faceoff below and check out the live pay-per-view details and ticket info.
Agree? Disagree? Let us know in the comment section below.
The cyclist who died Wednesday morning after a car crash in North Berkeley has been identified by community members and co-workers as Joseph Hurlimann.
“Many people might remember him riding through the University Ave., Curtis Street area of Berkeley near the car wash at times picking up recycling material and loading it onto his little old bike,” Matt Calkins, a good friend of Hurlimann's longtime next door neighbor, told Berkeleyside. “He did not own a car.”
Scroll down to see a poem written by a neighbor in memory of Joe Hurlimann
Hurlimann “had been riding his bike around Berkeley since he was a child.” He grew up near University Avenue and Curtis and still lived in his childhood home.
As of Thursday afternoon, the Alameda County coroner's office has not released Hurlimann's name because no relatives have been found. But numerous people who have known Hurlimann for decades have said he had no immediate family left, and no close relatives they knew of.
Hurlimann, who was 78, had a basket attached to the back of his old single-speed bike, which was gray. Sometimes, he would stack wood scraps tied with twine — from his longtime employer Truitt & White — 4 to 5 feet high on the basket. He would take the scraps home to his workshop, turn them into stakes, and sell them back to Truitt & White, which is located just west of the railroad tracks and south of Hearst Avenue.
“It always looked like he couldn't possibly make it across the railroad tracks without the whole stack collapsing. But he always did,” recalled Dan White, Truitt & White's CEO. “I'm sure lots and lots of people have seen him around town over the years.”
White said Wednesday it had been a very sad day for everyone at the company.
“I've known Joe my whole life,” he said.
Hurlimann was Truitt & White's longest running employee, with more than 60 years with the business. He began working for the family-owned building materials company in the 1950s, when he was still in high school.
Hurlimann worked part time until he graduated from Saint Mary's College High School in 1956. He went on to attend UC Berkeley, where he got a PhD in plant pathology as part of the first class of the College of Natural Resources, according to its alumni magazine.
White said Hurlimann continued as a researcher at Cal for a long time, though he retired from UC Berkeley about two decades back.
According to online records, Hurlimann retired from Cal in 1991 after working there for 31 years. He drew a small pension from the university. He's listed as a coauthor on nearly 100 academic articles and reports in the area of plant biology, according to Google Scholar.
UC Berkeley spokeswoman Gretchen Kell said Hurlimann actually got three degrees from Cal: his bachelor's in soil science in 1961, a master's in plant pathology in 1964, and his doctorate in plant pathology in 1974.
Even while at UC Berkeley, however, Hurlimann worked at Truitt & White on weekends and vacations.
“He liked us and we liked him,” White said. “It was always a kick to have him around.”
White said one reason for the longtime connection was that Hurlimann had a close bond with White's father, one of Truitt & White's founders. (The Truitt family, which was the other founder, is no longer part of the company, but Dan White and his brother Warren now run it, and each has a son who is involved with the business.)
White's father encouraged the young Hurlimann to go to Cal, and mentored him over the years.
“They always had this relationship,” White recalled. He said Hurlimann would stop by the White home from time to time to help with tasks that needed doing. “He was very handy.”
Hurlimann never moved out of the small house he grew up in, on Curtis Street, above Allston Way. He lived with his parents until they died, first his father and later his mother. He never married. At the time of his death, he lived alone, and rode his bike everywhere.
Hurlimann was known at Truitt & White as an avid stamp collector. White explained that stamp collectors buy sheets of 100, but are mainly interested in the four corner stamps. That left 96 stamps for Hurlimann to share. He would lick them and put them on Truitt & White's envelopes, and sell them back to the company as postage.
White described those envelopes with their vintage stamps as “one of our claims to fame.”
In June 2016, Truitt & White featured Hurlimann on its Facebook page, writing, “Joe started his Stamp collection when he was 7 years old and is still collecting stamps today. About 40 years ago he decided he would use his collection on Truitt and White envelopes.”
Quoting Hurlimann, the post continues: “I've used stamps from the 1930 World's Fair.” Pictured with him “are stamps from 30 years ago!”
According to the short Facebook feature, Hurlimann's first day of work with Truitt & White was Oct. 19, 1955. (The company was founded in 1946.) His first job was stocking shelves.
More recently, his jobs with the company included organizing its postage and counting inventory.
“When I started in 1955, Truitt and White was just a contractor shed and the lumber was stocked in the barn,” he said, according to the Facebook post, which continued, “Joe has a great sense of humor, when asked what he does today he laughs and says, ‘I count sticks.'”
White said Hurlimann, who worked part time, kept a close eye on the company inventory. Materials get cut to different lengths, for example, and keeping track can be quite a project. The company sells materials such as lumber, doors, windows, paint, tools, siding and more.
“He would go around the yard with his clipboard and count stuff,” White said. “He would go around with his tally sheet and count everything.”
White said Hurlimann's long tenure with the company was quite a feat. He recalled how it had once come up at a going-away event for another longtime employee.
“I called on Joe and said, ‘What do you think about the new guy quitting already?'” White laughed, recalling the moment: The “new guy,” he added, “had been there for 30 years!”
White said Hurlimann had a unique personality. He didn't question authority, exactly, but had a healthy sense of skepticism.
“He'd always grumble in recent years about the doctors, saying, ‘I don't think that guy knew what he was talking about,'” White said.
The company got a call from Hurlimann's neighbor on Wednesday to let them know about his death. The news hit the company hard.
“He's been there forever,” said White. “It's sad to see him go.”
Added Patty White, Dan's wife: “We all knew and loved Joe.” She said, in addition to his stamp collecting, he also loved to garden.
Hurlimann attended mass at St. Joseph the Worker Church, at 1640 Addison St. As a child, he had attended its Catholic grammar school. His family were lifelong parishioners at the church, and Hurlimann's funeral is likely to take place there.
“I remember that, for years, Joe brought the dozens of poinsettias and Easter lilies that decorated St. Joseph's Church for the holidays,” said Jeanne Loughman of Saint Mary's College High School in North Berkeley. He grew all the flowers up at his Cal greenhouse while he worked there.
Milton Schroth, UC Berkeley professor emeritus of plant pathology, described Hurlimann as hardworking and dedicated.
“One of the most important things of any profession is to know what your own skills are, and he felt he'd be the type of person who could help others,” Schroth said. “He did all kinds of practical things for us in the department, carpentry and other things”
Several people with Truitt & White ties shared reflections of Hurlimann with Berkeleyside on Wednesday.
Eddy Tenret said Hurlimann had been very active in his church, and was the only child of German immigrants. Tenret said he believed Hurlimann's dad, too, at one time did some work for Truitt & White when Hurlimann was a boy.
“The Easiest going guy, with a big heart and soul. One of the strongest men I knew. Sad to see this. He was a Berkeley native his whole life,” wrote Matt DuPont, who worked with Hurlimann for 18 years.
Another co-worker, Christian Vazquez, said he “joked around with him on many occasions, he was extremely sharp for his age. He was a very humble guy.”
Dan White said the company would likely make time for employees to come together to remember Hurlimann, and is still seeking the official word about the fatality from authorities.
“I will want to pursue it,” he said, adding: “If there's no family, I don't know what happens next.”
A representative from the coroner's office said, if next of kin cannot be located, the case could eventually be identified as “county indigent,” but she said she had never heard of that happening.
Minimal information has been available about the circumstances of Wednesday's crash, but Hurlimann was not wearing a helmet, according to one of the first people to reach the crash scene, at Sacramento Street south of Hopkins. The police report is not complete, so the primary collision factor has not been identified, authorities said Thursday.
Matt Calkins — the good friend of Hurlimann's neighbor — described him as “a very sweet, soft-spoken, and humble old man.”
He continued: “I was always intrigued by him, by his story, and by his daily work ethic and simple way of life. Berkeley has lost one of its sweetest old characters.”
Update, Feb. 10, 3 p.m. A resident of the Ada Street neighborhood wrote this poem for Joe, and shared it with Berkeleyside.
“My Neighborhood Landscape”
In Memory of the Man Who Died on Sacramento Street Feb. 8, 2017
I knew you.
Did you know me?
You were part of my neighborhood, the taken for granted, landscape.
You biked of necessity,
You biked of purpose.
An old small girl's bike, no bells or whistles.
Of necessity, a basket for the oranges
And vegetables you were welcomed to
At the produce market around the corner
Before opening hours
Before the crowds.
I tried to catch your eye, to say ‘hello', or was that in my imagination?
No matter,
We never did make eye contact.
But I knew you,
You bicycled down my street nearly every morning.
You were older than most who pedal.
Short of stature, the girl's bike a little too small for you,
those wide handlebars…
You were handsome,
grey white hair, button down, always clean looking shirt, weathered jacket…
a handsome man on an almost too small bike.
You were dignified, gentle and kind…I just knew.
The man who stood over your broken body trying to breathe you back to life, knew, too.
‘He seemed sweet', he said.
You looked relaxed, confident in the early morning air.
Now you are gone…
Mangled bike, body under a white tent, bright yellow tape blocking streets – gone.
And in the absence of you,
I recognize how much of you I really did know and see
and take for granted
in my neighborhood landscape.
-Joan Alexander, Feb. 9, 2017
Editor's note: Comments from UC Berkeley were added at 4 p.m. Feb. 9. On Feb. 10, additional information about Hurlimann's early life, including his grade school and high school, as well as a high school yearbook photograph and church, were added to the story after this information was provided by Saint Mary's College High School.
Funeral mass for Joseph Hurlimann: A funeral mass will be offered at St. Joseph the Worker Church for its longtime parishioner Joseph Hurlimann on Thursday, March 9, at 10:30 a.m. There will be a short viewing of the body at 10 a.m. prior to mass. Afterward there will be a gravesite service at St. Joseph Cemetery in San Pablo. All friends and parishioners of “Joe” are welcome. St. Joseph the Worker Church is at 1640 Addison St. in Berkeley.
Become a member Berkeleyside relies on reader support so we can remain free to read for everyone in Berkeley. Become a member and be part of the future of independent, local journalism. BECOME A MEMBER TODAY
Followup to: The Two-Party Swindle, The American System and Misleading Labels
If evolutionary psychology could be simplified down to one sentence (which it can't), it would be: "Our instincts are adaptations that increased fitness in the ancestral environment, and we go on feeling that way regardless of whether it increases fitness today." Sex with condoms, tastes for sugar and fat, etc.
In the ancestral environment, there was no such thing as voter confidentiality. If you backed a power faction in your hunter-gatherer band, everyone knew which side you'd picked. The penalty for choosing the losing side could easily be death.
Our emotions are shaped to steer us through hunter-gatherer life, not life in the modern world. It should be no surprise, then, that when people choose political sides, they feel drawn to the faction that seems stronger, better positioned to win. Even when voting is confidential. Just as people enjoy sex, even when using contraception.
(George Orwell had a few words to say in "Raffles and Miss Blandish" about where the admiration of power can go. The danger, not of lusting for power, but just of feeling drawn to it.)
In a recent special election for California governor, the usual lock of the party structure broke down - they neglected to block that special case, and so you could get in with 65 signatures and $3500. As a result there were 135 candidates.
With 135 candidates, one might have thought there would be an opportunity for some genuine voter choice - a lower barrier to entry, which would create a chance to elect an exceptionally competent governor. However, the media immediately swung into action and decided that only a tiny fraction of these candidates would be allowed to get any publicity. Which ones? Why, the ones who already had name recognition! Those, after all, were the candidates who were likely to win, so those were the ones which the media reported on.
Amazingly, the media collectively exerted such tremendous power, in nearly perfect coordination, without deliberate intention (conspiracies are generally much less necessary than believed). They genuinely thought, I think, that they were reporting the news rather than making it. Did it even occur to them that the entire business was self-referential? Did anyone write about that aspect? With a coordinated action, the media could have chosen any not-completely-pathetic candidate to report as the "front-runner", and their reporting would thereby have been correct.
The technical term for this is Keynesian beauty contest, wherein everyone tries to vote for whoever they think most people will vote for.
If Arnold Schwarzenegger (4,206,284 votes) had been as unable to get publicity as Logan Clements (274 votes), perhaps because the media believed (in uncoordinated unison) that no action-movie hero could be taken seriously as a candidate, then Arnold Schwarzenegger would not have been a "serious candidate".
In effect, Arnold Schwarzenegger was appointed Governor of California by the media. The case is notable because usually it's the party structure that excludes candidates, and the party structure's power has a formal basis that does not require voter complicity. The power of the media to appoint Arnold Schwarzenegger governor derived strictly from voters following what someone told them was the trend. If the voters had ignored the media telling them who the front-runner was, and decided their initial pick of "serious candidates" based on, say, the answers to a questionnaire, then the media would have had no power.
Yes, this is presently around as likely as the Sun rising in the west and illuminating a Moon of green cheese. But there's this thing called the Internet now, which humanity is still figuring out how to use, and there may be another change or two on the way. Twenty years ago, if the media had decided not to report on Ron Paul, that would have been that.
Someone is bound to say, at this point, "But if you vote for a candidate with no chance of winning, you're throwing your vote away!"
"The leaders are lizards. The people hate the lizards and the lizards rule the people."
"Odd," said Arthur, "I thought you said it was a democracy."
"I did," said Ford, "It is."
"So," said Arthur, hoping he wasn't sounding ridiculously obtuse, "why don't the people get rid of the lizards?"
"It honestly doesn't occur to them," said Ford. "They've all got the vote, so they all pretty much assume that the government they've voted in more or less approximates to the government they want."
"You mean they actually vote for the lizards?"
"Oh yes," said Ford with a shrug, "of course."
"But," said Arthur, going for the big one again, "why?"
"Because if they didn't vote for a lizard," said Ford, "the wrong lizard might get in. Got any gin?"
To which the economist replies, "But you can't always jump from a Nash equilibrium to a Pareto optimum," meaning roughly, "Unless everyone else has that same idea at the same time, you'll still be throwing your vote away," or in other words, "You can make fun all you like, but if you don't vote for a lizard, the wrong lizard really might get in."
In which case, the lizards know they can rely on your vote going to one of them, and they have no incentive to treat you kindly. Most of the benefits of democracy may be from the lizards being scared enough of voters to not misbehave really really badly, rather than from the "right lizard" winning a voter-fight.
Besides, picking the better lizard is harder than it looks. In 2000, the comic Melonpool showed a character pondering, "Bush or Gore... Bush or Gore... it's like flipping a two-headed coin." Well, how were they supposed to know? In 2000, based on history, it seemed to me that the Republicans were generally less interventionist and therefore less harmful than the Democrats, so I pondered whether to vote for Bush to prevent Gore from getting in. Yet it seemed to me that the barriers to keep out third parties were a raw power grab, and that I was therefore obliged to vote for third parties wherever possible, to penalize the Republicrats for getting grabby. And so I voted Libertarian, though I don't consider myself one (at least not with a big "L"). I'm glad I didn't do the "sensible" thing. Less blood on my hands.
If we could go back in time and change our votes, and see alternate histories laid out side-by-side, it might make sense to vote for the less evil of two lizards. But in a state of ignorance - voting for candidates that abandon their stated principles like they discard used toilet paper - then it is harder to compare lizards than those enthusiastically cheering for team colors might think.
Are people who vote for Ron Paul in the Republican primary wasting their votes? I'm not asking, mind you, whether you approve of Ron Paul as a candidate. I'm asking you whether the Ron Paul voters are taking an effectless action if Ron Paul doesn't win. Ron Paul is showing what an candidate can do with the Internet, despite the party structure and the media. A competent outsider considering a presidential run in 2012 is much more likely to take a shot at it now. What exactly does a vote for Hilliani accomplish, besides telling the lizards to keep doing whatever it is they're doing?
Make them work for your vote. Vote for more of the same this year, for whatever clever-sounding reason, and next election, they'll give you more of the same. Refuse to vote for nincompoops and maybe they'll try offering you a less nincompoopy candidate, or non-nincompoops will be more likely to run for office when they see they have a chance.
Besides, if you're going to apply game theory to the situation in a shortsighted local fashion - not taking into account others thinking similarly, and not taking into account the incentives you create for later elections based on what potential future candidates see you doing today - if, I say, you think in such a strictly local fashion and call it "rational", then why vote at all, when your single vote is exceedingly unlikely to determine the winner?
Consider these two clever-sounding game-theoretical arguments side by side:
You should vote for the less evil of the top mainstream candidates, because your vote is unlikely to make a critical difference if you vote for a candidate that most people don't vote for. You should stay home, because your vote is unlikely to make a critical difference.
It's hard to see who should accept argument #1 but refuse to accept argument #2.
I'm not going to go into the notion of collective action, Prisoner's Dilemma, Newcomblike problems, etcetera, because the last time I tried to write about this, I accidentally started to write a book. But whatever meaning you attach to voting - especially any notions of good citizenship - it's hard to see why you should vote for a lizard if you bother to vote at all.
There is an interaction here, a confluence of folly, between the evolutionary psychology of politics as a football game, and the evolutionary psychology of trying to side with the winner. The media - I am not the first to observe this - report on politics as though it is a horse race. Good feelings about a candidate are generated, not by looking over voting records, but by the media reporting excitedly: "He's pulling ahead in the third stretch!" What the media thinks we should know about candidates is that such-and-such candidate appeals to such-and-such voting faction. Since this is practically all the media report on, it feeds nothing but the instinct to get yourself on the winning side.
And then there's the lovely concept of "electability": Trying to vote for a candidate that you think other people will vote for, because you want your own color to win at any cost. You have to admire the spectacle of the media breathlessly reporting on which voting factions think that candidate X is the most "electable". Is anyone even counting the levels of recursion here?
Or consider it from yet another perspective:
There are roughly 300 million people in the United States, of whom only one can be President at any given time.
With 300 million available candidates, many of whom are not nincompoops, why does America keep electing nincompoops to political office?
Sending a message to select 1 out of 300 million possibilities requires 29 bits. So if you vote in only the general election for the Presidency, then some mysterious force narrows the election down to 2 out of 300 million possibilities - exerting 28 bits of decision power - and then you, or rather the entire voting population, exert 1 more bit of decision power. If you vote in a primary election, you may send another 2 or 3 bits worth of message.
Where do the other 25 bits of decision power come from?
You may object: "Wait a minute, not everyone in the United States is 35 years old and a natural-born citizen, so it's not 300 million possibilities."
I reply, "How do you know that a 34-year-old cannot be President?"
And you cry, "What? It's in the Constitution!"
Well, there you go: Since around half the population is under the age of 35, at least one bit of the missing decision power is exerted by 55 delegates in Philadelphia in 1787. Though the "natural-born citizen" clause comes from a letter sent by John Jay to George Washington, a suggestion that was adopted without debate by the Philadelphia Convention.
I am not necessarily advising that you go outside the box on this one. Sometimes the box is there for a good reason. But you should at least be conscious of the box's existence and origin.
Likewise, not everyone would want to be President. (But see the hidden box: In principle the option exists of enforcing Presidential service, like jury duty.) How many people would run for President if they had a serious chance at winning? Let's pretend the number is only 150,000. That accounts for another 10 bits.
Then some combination of the party structure, and the media telling complicit voters who voters are likely to vote for, is exerting on the order of 14-15 bits of power over the Presidency; while the voters only exert 3-4 bits. And actually the situation is worse than this, because the media and party structure get to move first. They can eliminate nearly all the variance along any particular dimension. So that by the time you get to choose one of four "serious" "front-running" candidates, that is, the ones approved by both the party structure and the media, you're choosing between 90.8% nincompoop and 90.6% nincompoop.
I seriously think the best thing you can do about the situation, as a voter, is stopped trying to be clever. Don't try to vote for someone you don't really like, because you think your vote is more likely to make a difference that way. Don't fret about "electability". Don't try to predict and outwit other voters. Don't treat it as a horse race. Don't worry about "wasting your vote" - it always sends a message, you may as well make it a true message.
Remember that this is not the ancestral environment, and that you won't die if you aren't on the winning side. Remember that the threat that voters as a class hold against politicians as a class is more important to democracy than your fights with other voters. Forget all the "game theory" that doesn't take future incentives into account; real game theory is further-sighted, and besides, if you're going to look at it that way, you might as well stay home. When you try to be clever, you usually end up playing the Politicians' game.
Clear your mind of distractions...
And stop voting for nincompoops.
If you vote for nincompoops, for whatever clever-sounding reason, don't be surprised that out of 300 million people you get nincompoops in office.
The arguments are long, but the voting strategy they imply is simple: Stop trying to be clever, just don't vote for nincompoops.
Oh - and if you're going to vote at all, vote in the primary. That's where most of your remaining bits and remaining variance have a chance to be exerted. It's a pretty good bet that a Republicrat will be elected. The primary is your only chance to choose between Hilliani and Opaula (or whatever your poison).
If anyone tells you that voting in a party's primary commits you to voting for that party in the general election, or that a political party owns the primary and you're stealing something from them, then laugh in their faces. They've taken nearly all the decision bits, moved first in the game, and now they think they can convince you not to exercise the bits you have left?
To boil it all down to an emotional argument that isn't necessarily wrong:
Why drive out to your polling place and stand in line for half an hour or more - when your vote isn't very likely to singlehandedly determine the Presidency - and then vote for someone you don't even want?
Rising 106 feet, the Western Hemisphere's second-longest escalator malfunctioned this morning, causing trains on Metro's Red Line to bypass the Bethesda station beginning around 9:20 a.m.
Red Line: Trains are temporarily bypassing Bethesda due to an escalator outage. Shuttle service to/from Medical Center. — Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) August 10, 2015
Red Line: Bethesda station has re-opened. Escalator service has been restored. — Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) August 10, 2015
The escalator came back into service around 11:40 a.m., as did the Bethesda station. Metro had been providing shuttles to and from the Medical Center station, which is the immediate next stop north of Bethesda.
Sherri Ly, a Metro spokesperson, said repairmen from the escalator's manufacturer, KONE, arrived on scene around 11 a.m. One of the steps on today's malfunctioning escalator needed an adjustment, she said. Ly added that having Red Line trains bypass the Bethesda station is “standard procedure” when one of its three escalators malfunctions, given the escalators' length and the resulting crowds.
The service outage comes one week after the escalator went into service, and is the fourth reported outage in those seven days. The escalator was replaced as part of an approximately $8.4 million project to replace the Bethesda station's three escalators.
@unsuckdcmetro @Metrorailinfo @BenCardinforMD bethesda closed again today marking the 3rd or 4th time within a week pic.twitter.com/ypPP5lkDcM — Alex Krycek (@interference689) August 10, 2015
On Aug. 2, Metro released a video and issued a press release touting the reopening of the escalator, with Metro Interim General Manager and CEO Jack Requa calling it a "significant improvement for our customers at Bethesda Station."
“This first new entrance escalator will provide more reliable service for the thousands of passengers who travel through the station each day," he said in the release.
The Red Line's Wheaton station in Silver Spring is the Western Hemisphere's longest escalator.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
As the 2016 campaign comes to a close, the FiveThirtyEight Elections podcast team is recording daily episodes. Listen above for the latest installment, in which we discuss the latest swing state polls, Donald Trump's strategy in the final weeks and Maine's first-in-the-nation ballot initiative for a new kind of voting.
Each day, we'll touch on some of the same basic topics:
The state of the forecast
New polls
What the campaign managers are emailing about today
What we have open in in our browser tabs
How the alternate-timeline election is looking
A listener question
One interesting ballot initiative
For more elections coverage, check out:
We're also plugging one fun video that has nothing to do with the election. Here's today's:
Have questions you want answered on the podcast? Get in touch by email, on Twitter or in the comments. We will not be posting transcripts for our daily podcasts, but you can still get your daily dose of written news and analysis through Nate Silver's election updates.
We'll be recording daily Elections podcasts from now until Nov. 8 and posting new episodes every afternoon. Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss a new episode.
You can listen to the episode by clicking the “play” button above or by downloading it in iTunes, through the ESPN App or on your favorite podcast platform. If you are new to podcasts, learn how to listen.
The GOP defied expectations as voters in a number of key races cast ballots to keep their Senators in place, with only one incumbent Republican — outspokenly in favor of gun control — tanking.
With Republicans holding a four-seat majority, they faced extreme pressure across several races but in the end will hold control of the chamber, though with a tighter margin.
The losing incumbent, Mark Kirk of Illinois, “F” rated by the National Rifle Association, was soundly beaten by Democrat U.S. Rep. Tammy Duckworth, an Iraq War veteran who lost both legs but left her wheelchair to participate in the House sit-in on gun control earlier this year.
To stop the bleeding by Senate Republicans, toss-up races went to Florida's Marco Rubio, Missouri's Roy Blunt, Wisconsin's Ron Johnson, North Carolina's Richard Burr and Ohio's Rob Portman. The NRA and anti-gun PACs funded by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg both shoveled cash into these narrow contests but the candidates endorsed by the gun rights group came out on top.
The retirement of Indiana's Republican Sen. Dan Coats led to a seesaw battle against former Democrat Gov. Evan Bayh and U.S. Rep. Todd Young. In the end, Young bested the NRA “F” rated Bayh.
Freshman GOP Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, who lent his muscle in the Senate to a background expansion measure that bore his name, conversely for a Republican had the endorsement of gun control groups and advocates who spent more than $3 million in an attempt to keep him in place. Unexpectedly, he defeated Democrat contender Katie McGinty, a former advisor to Vice President Al Gore and President Bill Clinton who is in favor of “assault weapon” bans as part of her platform.
In New Hampshire, Gov. Maggie Hassan, who has vetoed several gun rights bills in her time as the Granite State's chief executive, benefited from nearly $8.5 million in funding from gun control groups in an attempt to move Republican U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte out of office. Though Ayotte failed to get much more than moral support from gun rights organizations, she was able to narrowly pull away from Hassan by about 1,500 votes early Wednesday, setting the stage for an expected recount.
Another seat still undecided, that of retiring Republican U.S. Sen. David Vitter of Lousiana, will go to a runoff election between Republican state treasurer John Kennedy and Democrat Public Service Commission chair Foster Campbell. Kennedy beat Campbell on Tuesday by more than 150,000 votes but came in short of a majority in a field of some 24 candidates.
A rare bright spot for Democrats Tuesday came when former Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Mastro picked up the seat left open by outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, defeating veteran U.S. Rep. Joe Heck despite the Republican's $2.5 million assistance from the NRA. Cortez Mastro will be the first Latina woman in the U.S. Senate.
Likewise, in the U.S. House, Republicans largely kept their real estate, only shedding a few token seats to the Dems. One long time GOP member losing his job is Florida's John Mica, an Orlando area lawmaker facing a tough fight after redistricting to Democrat opponent Stephanie Murphy. Murphy has a strong platform in favor of universal background checks as well as No Fly/No Buy legislation and had the endorsement of a number of gun control groups.
With the smoke cleared, the 115th Congress will most likely remain Republican, though slightly less than the one it will replace in 2017. It will remain in power during the first two years of Donald Trump's first term under Senate President Mike Pence.
Barack Obama got to be president because he had qualities Americans were yearning for after the bitter tumult of the Bush years. He was calm, sober, fair-minded, and guided by facts rather than emotions. He didn't jump to conclusions, he didn't ignore inconvenient evidence, and he didn't blunder into messes. That was the guy we elected last year, and right now, a lot of people miss him.
He was absent Wednesday when a reporter asked his views on the arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates. At first, Obama sounded like himself. He acknowledged that Gates is a friend, "so I may be a little biased here" and pointed out helpfully, "I don't know all the facts."
That set him up nicely to forgo further comment on a matter that had nothing to do with the topic of his news conference (health care reform) or his responsibilities. Or, rather, it should have.
Instead, he proceeded to rake one Cambridge police sergeant over the coals for having "acted stupidly," before proceeding to place the episode in the context of the "long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately."
With that, Obama went from president to pundit. We've all heard speculation that Sarah Palin is aiming at a TV career on Fox News. Maybe Obama has his eye on Rachel Maddow's chair.
The Gates story is familiar by now. He arrived home to find his front door jammed. He tried to force the door, before going to the back and using his key. Meanwhile, a neighbor called police to report a burglary.
Sgt. James Crowley arrived to find a man inside. Gates says he complied with a request for identification but was rebuffed when he asked for the cop's name and badge number. Crowley said Gates initially refused to provide an ID and became loud, insulting, and verbally threatening. In the end, Crowley arrested him for disorderly conduct, a charge that was dropped, and Gates accused him of racial bias.
We can all agree with Obama on one thing—he wasn't there and didn't know all the facts. The White House press office tells me the president didn't talk to Gates or read the police report before commenting. Nonetheless, he rushed to conclude that the cop was not only dead wrong but possibly racist. Which sounds like the kind of unthinking snap judgment that leads to racial profiling.
No one acquainted with the periodic outrages committed by bad cops in Chicago and elsewhere can doubt that law enforcement personnel sometimes grossly abuse their powers. Crowley would not have been the first officer who was ever gratuitously belligerent or insulting.
But we can't really know whom to believe. Gates said he couldn't have screamed at the cop, because of a "bronchial infection." But a photo of Gates in handcuffs looks like a man yelling, not nursing his vocal cords. A neighbor who witnessed the incident told the Boston Herald, "When police asked him for ID, Gates started yelling, 'I'm a Harvard professor. ... This is racial profiling.'"
Crowley, who teaches a police academy class on racial profiling, is an unlikely villain. On the other hand, it's hard to imagine the erudite literary scholar bellowing, as the cop said he did, "I'll speak with your mama outside."
Figuring out if Gates or Crowley was at fault, or if both were, is a task a jury hearing hours of testimony might find difficult. It's not something a man with Obama's responsibilities should waste his time on. But if he can't provide an informed opinion, he should do the cop and the public the favor of providing no opinion.
The Obama of the campaign knew the importance of being careful, deliberate, and circumspect. After enduring a president who was often just the opposite, the American people also recognized those as valuable traits, and probably hope to see them again in this White House.
Press secretary Robert Gibbs ridiculed the notion that Obama has the option in "nationally televised news conferences to pass on questions like it was a game show." But Friday Gibbs said the president regretted fueling a distraction.
He ought to. Fueling distractions is the job of TV pundits. And in the future Obama might draw on the wisdom of a predecessor, Calvin Coolidge, who attested, "I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say."
COPYRIGHT 2009 CREATORS.COM
Last Saturday night, Erick Silva showed why he is one of the most exciting fighters in the sport by finishing Mike Rhodes in one minute and 15 seconds into the fight. All of Silva's wins have been in the first round, only goning the distance once in the UFC against long-time veteran Jon Fitch. Silva is 5-4 in the UFC, but should be 6-3 because of a controversial call against Carlo Prater as the referee disqualified him for illegal strikes to the back of the head. Silva is always a fan favorite because of his style, but there has been criticism because of his inconsistency in the UFC.
Silva has struggled against grinders and tough grapplers in the UFC as he has suffered losses to Fitch, Dong Hyun Kim and Matt Brown. Pressure fighters have seemed to expose Silva and he has not overcome that obstacle in the octagon yet. Many have questioned his conditioning because of that, but it may be that he expends all his energy by trying to finish his opponent in the first round all of the time. He has absolutely demolished any other fighter outside of the top 15 and made it look easy doing so.
That is when his “all or nothing” style pays off and he has received several “Performance of the Night” bonuses for it. He has a highlight reel of some of the most spectacular finishes involving flashy knockouts and lightning quick submissions.
Fighters such as Phil Baroni, Chuck Liddell and Pat Barry had this type of style in their UFC careers, but paid the price for it by doing so. These fighters may not have tried the spinning moves and flying knees that Silva tries, but they had the same mentality of finishing their opponent as fast as they could. High-risk moves leave the possibility open to getting knocked out or submitted.
Anthony Pettis is an exception to this as he is still reigning high at the top of the division as he has displayed flashy high-risk moves, but it ended up paying off for him. Something positive Silva can take from Pettis is the excitement factor of not knowing what will come next as they are in the octagon. Fans love these types of fighters because they are unpredictable and love seeing people take risks.
It is up to Silva to see how he approaches each fight. He could end up making his style more conservative for his own protection or he can risk it and continue this flashy style that he has to increase his marketability and finish fights quickly as he usually does.
Silva has the athleticism, good looks and unpredictable style that the crowd wants to see. It does not matter who Silva fights next because he has made himself known enough that people want to watch him perform in the octagon. Hopefully he can put together some wins to put himself in the top 15 again in the always-tough UFC welterweight division.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @LWOSToddP. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” ourFacebook page.
For the latest sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Fresh from their triumphs on energy, health and other files, the Ontario Liberals plan to extinguish an “overheated” Toronto housing market. When politicians start deciding how much your house should be worth, it's time to hit the roof.
Chesterton once said the modern world consists of formerly coherent virtues wandering about in mad isolation. It certainly seems to consist of economic principles doing so.
People now routinely ascribe to government the qualities once attributed to God, namely omniscience, omnipotence and infinite compassion, despite the virtually universal view that politicians and bureaucrats are ignorant and self-serving. So let us soften our scorn for the credulity of past ages long enough to consider that the major thrust of government policy over the past decade has been to “stimulate” the economy by keeping interest rates artificially low, after deficit spending failed, was repudiated, was adopted again and failed again.
Reputable opinion is all bwa bwa bwa about how the tax system should encourage saving not consumption to foster growth. But it's also all bwa bwa bwa about needing to keep the overnight rate down at 0.5 per cent, 0.75 or one per cent to encourage consumption, not saving, to foster growth.
Oddly, they claim to know to several decimal places what it should be yet it's always a round number, never 0.56 per cent or 1.3. But I digress. The point is, the whole idea behind cheap money, other than (a) government can alter real interest rates because the market is full of dopes who don't know from nominal and (b) to hold down interest payments on runaway public debt, is to make citizens borrow and spend. Then when we do, responding rationally to loose money by taking out big mortgages, they say hey, we wanted you to spend like maniacs but not on significant assets. Dawk.
Part of the argument is that if the housing “bubble” were to “burst” it would hurt the economy. But that's only true if government has foolishly socialized risk by backing unsound mortgages, the same brilliant plan followed in the U.S. especially through unaccountable quasi-governmental agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. So having made the whole system dangerously unstable and inflated it recklessly, they now want to do us another favour based on their superior enlightenment, capacity and compassion.
So now we have the “Ontario Fair Housing Plan,” which includes a 15 per cent tax on non-residents. Hey wait. Isn't that populist xenophobia? Is the premier suddenly channeling Donald Trump?
Heck no. But see the market is “a frenzy” according to Ms. Wynne, who's such a good economist Hydro One just charged $113.61 to deliver what it openly admits was no electricity at all to my cottage. Plus a 75 cent regulatory charge which is at least 75 cents more than Ontario power regulation is worth.
The new housing scheme will be a brutal failure in practice even if it doesn't turn out to have loopholes those devious speculators manage to exploit. And it will fail in practice because it's stupid in principle. It's true that when some Chinese rich person nastily buys a nice house in a desirable Ontario urban location, it forces some hapless Canadian to accept a windfall they then inflict on their fellows through spending or investment. But in “I Pencil” Leonard Read demonstrated over half a century ago that nobody can know what all the things required to make a humble pencil do cost, from paint to loggers' coffee, let alone what they “should” cost. Regulating prices with government's characteristic clumsy ignorance thus inevitably sends harmfully disruptive effects rippling throughout the supply chain in ways the planners could not foresee, cannot understand and are helpless to correct.
Ditto houses. They have no “fair” or “efficient” price other than what buyers will part with and sellers will accept. Admittedly the Ontario government already claims to know what your house should sell for, through the Municipal Tax Assessment Corporation, though they won't buy it at that price if you ask. So why not simply mandate that no house in the Greater Golden Horseshoe can sell for more than its MPAC valuation, at least to a stinking foreigner?
Because it would be central planning, which we know always causes unfair disaster. So while they devise other central planning to cause unfair disaster, please hit the roof as hard and often as possible especially if you live in Toronto. Putting holes in it with your head will reduce its value. Which your government actually wants.
National Post
Seattle Man Confesses to Gay Couple's Murder As 'Vengeance' for Iraq, Syria
Ali Muhammad Brown has taken responsibility for the June murder of same-sex couple Ahmed Said and Dwone Anderson-Young, as well as two other killings police have labeled 'executions.'
A Seattle man has confessed to killing three people in Washington, including a gay couple in Seattle, saying he committed the murders as an act of revenge against American military actions in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Ali Muhammad Brown, 29, had already been charged in the June murder of Ahmed Said, 27, and Dwone Anderson-Young, 23, who were gunned down after responding to a dating application meet up request Brown allegedly lured the men with, according to court documents. After police officials circulated Brown's photo as a suspect, he reportedly fled to New Jersey, where he shot and killed 19-year-old college student Brendan Tevlin. He was charged in that incident, but has pleaded not guilty.
And on Wednesday, prosecutors in King County, Wash., charged Brown with the point-blank shooting death of Leroy Henderson, a 30-year-old resident of Skyway, Wash., reports the Times.
According to that criminal complaint, Brown confessed to all three Washington murders, telling investigators that he carried out the executions as retribution for lives lost due to U.S. military intervention in the Middle East.
"My mission is my mission between me and my Lord. That's it," Brown told prosecutors during an interview at a New Jersey jail, according to court documents cited by the Times. "My mission is vengeance, for the lives, millions of lives are lost every day. … All these lives are taken every single day by America, by this government. So a life for a life."
Court records indicate that Brown "essentially executed" the gay couple, and killed each of his victims by shooting them at point-blank range. Police believe Brown stole a car and the murder weapon from the mother of his children, using the same gun in all four killings.
The Times reports that Brown told police he considered the murder of Tevlin, the New Jersey college student, a "just kill," and apparently took time to explain to prosecutors that he only targeted adult men and tried to make sure there were no women, children, or elderly people nearby during any of the attacks.
It's unclear whether Brown, who is being detained in New Jersey, will be tried in the Washington killings or the New Jersey killings first — but prosecutors are considering seeking the death penalty for the Washington murders. Similarly, prosecutors have not yet indicated whether or not they will seek an elevated hate crime charge for the targeted killing of the gay couple.
Discover nearly 7 hours of individually flavoured, hauntingly musical and ever-evolving drones, packaged neatly into 79 of the kind of audio files that you can never have enough of.
In many ways, Aberrant Drones is the sister library of the Augmentation Elements library, as it provides you with the creative tools required to augment your sound design.
Whilst the Augmentation Elements library arms you with tools such as whooshes, risers and stings, allowing you to sweeten specific elements of your sound design, the Aberrant Drones library allows you to augment the mood of an entire scene. Each audio file is populated with richly descriptive SoundMiner metadata, making it easier than ever before to sift through hours of abstract drones.
This is why the metadata is usually described in terms of feeling and mood, like so:
Drone,Sci-Fi,Abstract,Cacophonous,Glowing,Impending Doom
Drone,Sci-Fi,Abstract,Textured,Vibrating,Oscillating,Anxiety
Augment your creative tool-box with Aberrant Drones, and transform your sound design work!
For really in-depth reviews, check out the articles on 344audio.com and strongmocha.com
Two films — “Justice League and “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” — topped last week's social media buzz, according to media-measurement firm comScore and its PreAct service.
“Justice League” generated 190,000 new conversations last week after Warner Bros. stepped its marketing efforts. Most notably, the studio released of a new full trailer on Oct. 8 at New York Comic Con.
The new trailer follows Wonder Woman and Batman as they team up to assemble a group of heroes to fight a newly awakened threat. It's set to a cover of David Bowie's “Heroes” and also features Jason Momoa as Aquaman, Ezra Miller as the Flash, and Ray Fisher as Cyborg. “Justice League” opens Nov. 17.
Disney-Lucasfilm's “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” generated 123,000 new conversations last week with the release of new plot details on Oct. 3 and posters on Oct. 5. There is also anticipation bubbling for tickets, which go on sale on Oct. 9, coinciding with a full trailer release during “Monday Night Football.”
“Star Wars: The Last Jedi” has pulled in more than 2.8 million new conversations two months before its Dec. 15 launch. Directed by Rian Johnson, the movie picks up where 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” left off.
Related Vietnam Film Business Comes of Age With Action-Thriller 'Furie' The Creepiest Nuns in Movie History
Disney-Marvel's “Thor: Ragnarok” produced nearly 80,000 new conversations last week as the studio upped promotions, including custom Twitter emoji, and a new TV spot. The tentpole, which opens Nov. 3, has generated a total of 1.28 million new conversations.
The third “Thor” film is directed by Taika Waititi from a screenplay by Eric Pearson and the writing team of Craig Kyle and Christopher Yost. It stars Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Idris Elba, Jeff Goldblum, Tessa Thompson, Karl Urban, Mark Ruffalo, and Anthony Hopkins.
Universal's “Pacific Rim Uprising” generated 58,000 new conversations last week as the studio released plot details on Oct. 3, and a new full trailer and images three days later at New York Comic Con. John Boyega's Jake Pentecost narrates at the start, saying, “We were born into a world at war. Between the monsters that destroyed our cities and the monsters we created to stop them, we thought we had sacrificed enough.”
The sequel picks up 10 years after the Battle of the Breach, and Boyega takes up the legacy of his father (Idris Elba's character), who sacrificed his life in the first film. The cast also includes Scott Eastwood, Jing Tian, Cailee Spaeny, Rinko Kikuchi, Burn Gorman, Adria Arjona, and Charlie Day. “Pacific Rim Uprising” opens March 23.
Open Road's “Marshall” produced 10,000 new conversations with the first reviews published for the movie, which examines a key case in the early career of Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, portrayed by Chadwick Boseman. The film, which opens Oct. 13, screened at Compton High in honor of the first Thurgood Marshall Day on Oct. 2.
Favourite open source game 0 A.D. 73 0 A.D. OpenTTD 49 OpenTTD SuperTuxKart 48 SuperTuxKart Battle for Wesnoth 43 Battle for Wesnoth Xonotic 24 Xonotic Nethack 19 Nethack The Dark Mod 16 The Dark Mod Minetest 15 Minetest Freeciv 12 Freeciv Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup 9 Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup 0 A.D. 73 OpenTTD 49 SuperTuxKart 48 Battle for Wesnoth 43 Xonotic 24 Nethack 19 The Dark Mod 16 Minetest 15 Freeciv 12 Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup 9 73 49 48 43 24 19 16 15 12 9 0 15 30 45 60 75 Total Votes
Best graphics for a game released in 2016 Deus Ex: Mankind Divided 120 Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Mad Max 50 Mad Max Tomb Raider 49 Tomb Raider Dying Light: The Following 37 Dying Light: The Following Firewatch 23 Firewatch XCOM 2 16 XCOM 2 Rocket League 14 Rocket League Hyper Light Drifter 13 Hyper Light Drifter Stellaris 11 Stellaris Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun 11 Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun Deus Ex: Mankind Divided 120 Mad Max 50 Tomb Raider 49 Dying Light: The Following 37 Firewatch 23 XCOM 2 16 Rocket League 14 Hyper Light Drifter 13 Stellaris 11 Shadow Tactics: Blades of the Shogun 11 120 50 49 37 23 16 14 13 11 11 0 24 48 72 96 120 Total Votes
Best story for a game released in 2016 Life is Strange 114 Life is Strange Firewatch 45 Firewatch Tomb Raider 37 Tomb Raider Tyranny 30 Tyranny Undertale 30 Undertale Deus Ex: Mankind Divided 21 Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Day of the Tentacle 19 Day of the Tentacle Oxenfree 14 Oxenfree Hyper Light Drifter 7 Hyper Light Drifter VA-11 Hall-A 5 VA-11 Hall-A Life is Strange 114 Firewatch 45 Tomb Raider 37 Tyranny 30 Undertale 30 Deus Ex: Mankind Divided 21 Day of the Tentacle 19 Oxenfree 14 Hyper Light Drifter 7 VA-11 Hall-A 5 114 45 37 30 30 21 19 14 7 5 0 23 46 69 92 115 Total Votes
Most promising Early Access game in 2016 Black Mesa 55 Black Mesa Factorio 41 Factorio Rimworld 34 Rimworld The Long Dark 33 The Long Dark Slime Rancher 24 Slime Rancher Ballistic Overkill 23 Ballistic Overkill Distance 22 Distance Parkitect 20 Parkitect 7 Days to Die 17 7 Days to Die Rust 10 Rust Black Mesa 55 Factorio 41 Rimworld 34 The Long Dark 33 Slime Rancher 24 Ballistic Overkill 23 Distance 22 Parkitect 20 7 Days to Die 17 Rust 10 55 41 34 33 24 23 22 20 17 10 0 11 22 33 44 55 Total Votes
Best update released in 2016 Dota 2 35 Dota 2 SuperTuxKart 33 SuperTuxKart Stellaris 28 Stellaris Kerbal Space Program 24 Kerbal Space Program Factorio 21 Factorio Terraria 19 Terraria Stardew Valley 18 Stardew Valley Dreamfall Chapters 17 Dreamfall Chapters Arma 3 16 Arma 3 Planetary Annihilation: TITANS 15 Planetary Annihilation: TITANS Dota 2 35 SuperTuxKart 33 Stellaris 28 Kerbal Space Program 24 Factorio 21 Terraria 19 Stardew Valley 18 Dreamfall Chapters 17 Arma 3 16 Planetary Annihilation: TITANS 15 35 33 28 24 21 19 18 17 16 15 0 7 14 21 28 35 Total Votes
Best free game released in 2016 Life Is Strange - Episode 1 181 Life Is Strange - Episode 1 Warthunder 46 Warthunder Faeria 24 Faeria Transmissions: Element 120 19 Transmissions: Element 120 Raft 13 Raft Hunger Dungeon 5 Hunger Dungeon Empires 3 Empires Sisyphus Reborn 1 Sisyphus Reborn Life Is Strange - Episode 1 181 Warthunder 46 Faeria 24 Transmissions: Element 120 19 Raft 13 Hunger Dungeon 5 Empires 3 Sisyphus Reborn 1 181 46 24 19 13 5 3 1 0 37 74 111 148 185 Total Votes
Most anticipated game for 2017 Civilization VI 94 Civilization VI Star Citizen 42-Star Citizen Yooka-Laylee 39 Yooka-Laylee Torment: Tides of Numenera 38 Torment: Tides of Numenera Shadow Warrior 2 34 Shadow Warrior 2 Homefront: The Revolution 13 Homefront: The Revolution Street Fighter V 12 Street Fighter V Event[0] 11 Event[0] Owlboy 10 Owlboy Astroneer 10 Astroneer Civilization VI 94-Star Citizen 42 Yooka-Laylee 39 Torment: Tides of Numenera 38 Shadow Warrior 2 34 Homefront: The Revolution 13 Street Fighter V 12 Event[0] 11 Owlboy 10 Astroneer 10 94 42 39 38 34 13 12 11 10 10 0 19 38 57 76 95 Total Votes
Best version quality & performance released in 2016 Rocket League 67 Rocket League Mad Max 53 Mad Max Life is Strange 48 Life is Strange Stellaris 28 Stellaris Factorio 19 Factorio Shadow Tactics 18 Shadow Tactics Total War: WARHAMMER 18 Total War: WARHAMMER Tyranny 16 Tyranny Ballistic Overkill 14 Ballistic Overkill SteamWorld Heist 12 SteamWorld Heist Rocket League 67 Mad Max 53 Life is Strange 48 Stellaris 28 Factorio 19 Shadow Tactics 18 Total War: WARHAMMER 18 Tyranny 16 Ballistic Overkill 14 SteamWorld Heist 12 67 53 48 28 19 18 18 16 14 12 0 14 28 42 56 70 Total Votes
Best audio of a game released in 2016 Life is Strange 69 Life is Strange Firewatch 39 Firewatch Stellaris 34 Stellaris Undertale 28 Undertale Mad Max 26 Mad Max Stardew Valley 22 Stardew Valley Darkest Dungeon 21 Darkest Dungeon Hyper Light Drifter 15 Hyper Light Drifter Starbound 12 Starbound Devil Daggers 9 Devil Daggers Life is Strange 69 Firewatch 39 Stellaris 34 Undertale 28 Mad Max 26 Stardew Valley 22 Darkest Dungeon 21 Hyper Light Drifter 15 Starbound 12 Devil Daggers 9 69 39 34 28 26 22 21 15 12 9 0 14 28 42 56 70 Total Votes
Favourite FOSS project Wine 87 Wine MESA 70 MESA OpenMW 35 OpenMW OBS Studio 31 OBS Studio Godot Engine 26 Godot Engine Dolphin Emulator 25 Dolphin Emulator Play on Linux 22 Play on Linux ScummVM 13 ScummVM OpenRA 11 OpenRA RetroArch 10 RetroArch Wine 87 MESA 70 OpenMW 35 OBS Studio 31 Godot Engine 26 Dolphin Emulator 25 Play on Linux 22 ScummVM 13 OpenRA 11 RetroArch 10 87 70 35 31 26 25 22 13 11 10 0 18 36 54 72 90 Total Votes
Overall best Linux game released in 2016 Rocket League 46 Rocket League XCOM 2 43 XCOM 2 Life is Strange 43 Life is Strange Mad Max 38 Mad Max Tomb Raider 35 Tomb Raider Stellaris 26 Stellaris Mankind Divided 25 Mankind Divided Stardew Valley 17 Stardew Valley Shadow Tactics 11 Shadow Tactics Firewatch 10 Firewatch Rocket League 46 XCOM 2 43 Life is Strange 43 Mad Max 38 Tomb Raider 35 Stellaris 26 Mankind Divided 25 Stardew Valley 17 Shadow Tactics 11 Firewatch 10 46 43 43 38 35 26 25 17 11 10 0 10 20 30 40 50 Total Votes
Best DLC release in 2016 Dying Light - The Following 46 Dying Light - The Following Natural Disasters 42 Natural Disasters The White March Part II 39 The White March Part II XCOM 2 - Shen's Last Gift 28 XCOM 2 - Shen's Last Gift Stellaris: Leviathans 23 Stellaris: Leviathans Arma 3 Apex 19 Arma 3 Apex Vive La France! 15 Vive La Frances! Sunless Sea: Zubmariner 11 Sunless Sea: Zubmariner Europa Universalis IV: Rights of Man 10 Europa Universalis IV: Rights of Man Call of the Beastmen 8 Call of the Beastmen Dying Light - The Following 46 Natural Disasters 42 The White March Part II 39 XCOM 2 - Shen's Last Gift 28 Stellaris: Leviathans 23 Arma 3 Apex 19 Vive La France! 15 Sunless Sea: Zubmariner 11 Europa Universalis IV: Rights of Man 10 Call of the Beastmen 8 46 42 39 28 23 19 15 11 10 8 0 10 20 30 40 50 Total Votes
Biggest surprise Linux release of 2016 Mankind Divided 154 Mankind Divided Mad Max 43 Mad Max Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II 31 Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II Rocket League 31 Rocket League Life is Strange 31 Life is Strange Tomb Raider 29 Tomb Raider Total War: WARHAMMER 18 Total War: WARHAMMER Shadow Tactics 15 Shadow Tactics Overlord 15 Overlord Undertale 10 Undertale Mankind Divided 154 Mad Max 43 Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II 31 Rocket League 31 Life is Strange 31 Tomb Raider 29 Total War: WARHAMMER 18 Shadow Tactics 15 Overlord 15 Undertale 10 154 43 31 31 31 29 18 15 15 10 0 31 62 93 124 155 Total Votes
Favourite Linux game porter of 2016 Feral Interactive 297 Feral Interactive Aspyr Media 31 Aspyr Media Ethan Lee 22 Ethan Lee Virtual Programming 12 Virtual Programming Ryan Gordon (Icculus) 12 Ryan Gordon (Icculus) Cheeseness 7 Cheeseness Knockout Games 3 Knockout Games Timothee Besset (TTimo) 2 Timothee Besset (TTimo) Feral Interactive 297 Aspyr Media 31 Ethan Lee 22 Virtual Programming 12 Ryan Gordon (Icculus) 12 Cheeseness 7 Knockout Games 3 Timothee Besset (TTimo) 2 297 31 22 12 12 7 3 2 0 60 120 180 240 300 Total Votes
It was a massive year for Linux gaming, so here's a look at who won and a big congratulation to all who did!Note: These are just the top charts, there were plenty more entries in each category.I wasn't honestly sure who was going to win this, as there's some pretty hot competition there! Well done to 0 A.D. who do put in a lot of effort to make a professional project.The lead Deus Ex: Mankind Divided had is quite amazing, but not surprising. It does look absolutely gorgeous and I am personally a big fan of it!Another Feral Interactive ported title here and again not very surprising. I completed it during a livestream and the overall story was pretty amazing. Even if the end was a little on the odd side.This one I am genuinely surprised by, as I honestly thought it would turn out completely differently. I was fully expecting one of the survival games to take the crown, but I'm pleasantly surprised by the results here. Massive competition in this category, so well done to all who made the top!When it comes to free games and their updates, it's pretty hard to compete against something from Valve like Dota 2 which had a massive overhaul. I'm still scared to boot the game up and waste an entire day yelling at people, or being yelled at.Some people may feel this is a little unfair, but Life is Strange episode one is a free game and it is very good, even if it is but a taster of what's to come in later episodes.It looks like the most anticipated game will arrive soon I'm surprised here, since the game was released in a rather unstable state and still to this day has a number of issues. Not my personal choice for the winner, but the people have spoken!I absolutely love the mellow tunes in Life is Strange and I've been guilty of sticking the soundtrack on myself for some background noise, really great stuff.Ever the hot topic of discussion. Talk of Wine always heats up our comments sections when it's mentioned. You have to marvel at it though, as it's really quite amazing. It's the project that enabled me to stay on Linux as much as possible in my early days and kept me going. Now I run this website, so it's my own personal choice too.Quite easily my most played released on Linux from last year. I have over 49 hours in Rocket League now, so I won't even try to debate this one. A fantastic game and seriously fun to play with friends and the wider community!Okay, I won't argue against this one. I'm slowly making my way through The Following myself and I'm finding it to be truly fun. Lots of zombie smashing, an buggy that has a bunch of upgrade options and plenty of open-world to explore. Loving it myself!Speaks for itself. I hope to see more surprises this year.Not really surprising is it? The amount of games Feral Interactive have ported to Linux is quite amazing. They are already teasing their next release too, so 2017 is going to be fun.Come chat in the comments about how last year went and how you think this year will go!
Against a backdrop of militant Islamist attacks, Secretary of State John F. Kerry on Sunday urged Nigeria's president and his leading opponent in upcoming elections to accept the results of next month's vote and encourage their supporters to eschew postelection violence.
Kerry flew into Lagos and met first at the Colonial-era State House with President Goodluck Jonathan, then at the U.S. Consulate with Muhammadu Buhari. Jonathan and Buhari are the two front-runners in a field of 14. Kerry also spoke by phone with the chairman of Nigeria's electoral commission.
It is unusual, though not unprecedented, for a senior U.S. official to visit a country just weeks before an election. In general, U.S. representatives strive to avoid the appearance of trying to influence the outcome, but Kerry's stop in Lagos reflects the growing concern that the election could trigger waves of violence. In the last, disputed presidential election in 2011, about 800 people died in the resulting riots.
The fear now is that the mayhem could spiral out of control, allowing the militant Islamist group Boko Haram to make further advances. The al-Qaeda-inspired group has rampaged through the countryside of Africa's most populous nation, using bombings, killings and kidnappings in an attempt to overthrow the government and replace it with an Islamic state. Boko Haram now controls large parts of the country's northeast, and the military has been impotent at stopping its attacks on schools, marketplaces and villages.
“The fact is that one of the best ways to fight back against Boko Haram and similar groups is by protecting the peaceful, credible and transparent elections that are essential to any thriving democracy, and certainly essential to the largest democracy in Africa,” Kerry said. “It's imperative that these elections happen on time, on schedule. And that they are an improvement over past elections. They need to set a new standard for this democracy. That means Nigerians have to not only reject violence, but they have to actually promote peace.”
Both candidates already have signed an agreement to encourage their supporters to refrain from election-related violence and to speak out against any violence that happens.
As if to underscore the threat, suspected Boko Haram militants attacked the city of Maiduguri in northeastern Nigeria, hours before Kerry's arrival. Initial reports put casualties in the dozens. There also was a Boko Haram raid on the nearby town of Monguno, 85 miles north of Maiduguri. Army forces reportedly were overwhelmed by insurgents who set houses on fire.
Kerry has been talking increasingly about the need to combat violent extremists by paying attention to the conditions that fuel their rage. In a speech at the World Economic Forum at Davos, Switzerland, on Friday, he singled out bad governance as one type of kindling for a fire of despair.
Nigerians vote Feb. 14 for a president in a race that is considered the most polarizing and competitive election since military rule ended in 1999.
Jonathan, the incumbent whose People's Democratic Party has held power ever since, draws his support from the largely Christian, oil-producing south. He assumed office after the previous president died midway through his term, and some Nigerians believe his reelection bid violates his party's unofficial policy of rotating the presidency between candidates from the Christian south and the Muslim north.
His closest competitor is Buhari, a former general whose stronghold is in the mostly Muslim north. His supporters in the Progressive Congress party hope he can defeat Boko Haram as Jonathan's government has failed to do. During a previous stint as head of state in the mid-1980s, Buhari placed restrictions on the press and political freedoms.
Senior State Department officials, who spoke to reporters traveling with Kerry under conditions of anonymity, said the election is likely to be a drawn-out affair. Under Nigeria's complicated election rules, a candidate must win 50 percent of the vote and at least 25 percent of the vote in two-thirds of the states. If that doesn't happen, a runoff will be held a week later. And if that still doesn't decide the race, a second runoff will be held after another week, with the victor being the one who wins a simple majority.
This election is further complicated by the displacement of almost 1 million Nigerians by Boko Haram's insurgency and the inability of election workers to go into a war zone. The twin factors make it difficult to stage a credible election, making it more likely that the results will be disputed and, in turn, increasing the potential for violence.
The Department of the Army has denied the final easement required for the $3.8 billion project to cross under Lake Oahe in North Dakota, it announced Sunday. Instead, it will conduct an Environmental Impact Statement to examine the impacts and explore alternative routes, it said.
“Although we have had continuing discussion and exchanges of new information with Standing Rock Sioux and Dakota Access, it's clear that there's more work to do,” Jo-Ellen Darcy, the Army's assistant secretary for civil works, said in a statement. “The best way to complete that work responsibly and expeditiously is to explore alternative routes for the pipeline crossing.”
Josh Morgan for The Huffington Post Dakota Access Pipeline protesters celebrate as they march back to the Oceti Sakowin campground after they found out the Army Corps of Engineers denied the easement to drill under Lake Oahe on Sunday, Dec. 4, 2016.
The 1,172-mile pipeline is being built to carry Bakken oil from North Dakota to an existing oil terminal in Illinois. Most of it is completed, except for a 20-mile section near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. The tribe and demonstrators have raised concerns about the threat the pipeline poses to water and sacred Native American sites. The tribe has also argued, in a lawsuit to stop the pipeline's completion, that the project violates federal laws and its environmental impact has not been fully studied.
In a statement, Standing Rock Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II applauded the news.
“We wholeheartedly support the decision of the administration and commend with the utmost gratitude the courage it took on the part of President Obama, the Army Corps, the Department of Justice and the Department of the Interior to take steps to correct the course of history and to do the right thing,” he said.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and all of Indian Country “will be forever grateful to the Obama Administration for this historic decision,” Archambault added. He noted his hope that the incoming Trump administration would respect the decision.
“My hands go up to all the water protectors who have stood up to protect tribal treaty rights and to protect Mother Earth,” National Congress of American Indians President Brian Cladoosby said in an emailed statement. “Thank you for Standing Rock.”
Scott Olson via Getty Images Native American and other activists celebrate after learning an easement had been denied for the Dakota Access Pipeline at Oceti Sakowin Camp on the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation on December 4, 2016 outside cannonball, North Dakota. The US Army Corps of Engineers announced today that it will not grant an easement to the Dakota Access Pipeline to cross under a lake on the Sioux Tribes Standing Rock reservation, ending a months-long standoff.
Within hours of the announcement, Jack Gerard, president and CEO of the American Petroleum Institute, a trade association for America's oil and natural gas industry, called on Trump to “reject the Obama administration's shameful actions to deny this vital energy project, restore the rule of law in the regulatory process, and make this project's approval a top priority as he takes office in January.”
In a joint statement release late Sunday, project developers Energy Transfer Partners LP and Sunoco Logistics Partners LP said the pipeline has “done nothing but play by the rules” for more than three years, and that the action by the Obama administration is “purely political.”
“The White House's directive today to the [Army Corps of Engineers] for further delay is just the latest in a series of overt and transparent political actions by an administration which has abandoned the rule of law in favor of currying favor with a narrow and extreme political constituency,” the companies said.
They added that they remain “fully committed” to completing the pipeline, without rerouting around Lake Oahe. “Nothing this Administration has done today changes that in any way,” they said.
Philip George, 37, from the Six Nations of the Grand River reserve in Ontario, Canada, was among the demonstrators gathered Sunday at Standing Rock. He described the victory as “bittersweet,” something “due to our people for the hundreds of years of genocide and oppression.”
“This fight is part of what's going on here for centuries,” he told The Huffington Post. “I'm glad they denied the easement, but I don't know how long this victory will last with Donald Trump being elected president. I'm not sure if he will respect our people and respect our culture. Money can corrupt a man's heart.”
George added that he sees this as a small victory in the grand scheme of things and believes there is much more work to do regarding indigenous representation and nation-to-nation relations. “The federal government needs to respect our ability to govern ourselves, our land and who we are,” he said.
Scott Olson via Getty Images Military veterans place a flag that says 'one water' on a hillside above Oceti Sakowin Camp on the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation on December 4, 2016 outside cannonball, North Dakota.
Lance King, 44, of Kyle, South Dakota, located on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, has traveled to Standing Rock twice to join in the demonstrations. His most recent visit has lasted two weeks.
King said he was “excited” and “happy” about the Army's decision, which he sees as a “victory for the American people.”
“Everything was up in the air. I don't think anyone saw this coming,” he told HuffPost. “There was a high rate of excitement and worry, so we didn't see this ― but we stuck with our prayers.”
Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said that in light of Sunday's decision, the Department of Justice would continue to monitor the situation.
“The department remains committed to supporting local law enforcement, defending protestors' constitutional right to free speech and fostering thoughtful dialogue on the matter,” she said. “We recognize the strong feelings that exist in connection with this issue, but it is imperative that all parties express their views peacefully and join us in support of a deliberate and reasonable process for de-escalation and healing.”
Scott Olson/Getty Images Fireworks fill the night sky above Oceti Sakowin Camp as activists celebrate after learning an easement had been denied for the Dakota Access Pipeline near the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.
Conservation groups quickly celebrated the news.
“Today, the voices of an indigenous people were heard,” Natural Resources Defense Council president Rhea Suh said. “The rights of a sovereign nation were respected.”
Greenpeace spokeswoman Lilian Molina praised the decision, but noted that the incoming Trump administration “must respect today's decision and recognize the will of the people to stop this disastrous pipeline. The fight doesn't end today.”
Sierra Club executive director Michael Brune said he looked forward to further environmental review of the pipeline.
“History has taught us that it is never a question whether a pipeline will spill, but rather a question of when,” he said. “A comprehensive environmental review will show that this dirty and dangerous project will threaten the safety of every community it cuts through.”
Photographer Josh Morgan contributed reporting from North Dakota.
Big update today! Release info, a video showing how to use infinite rockets and a Dev Diary on Bandits and Bandit Base raiding
Posted by SnapperTheTwig on Aug 24th, 2017
Release Info
Hi everyone! I'm here to announce the Release Date is Thursday, 14th of September 2017, this game will be available on Steam! If you are a YouTuber or a Streamer and you are after a review code, head here.
Today's Video: Fun with Infinite Rockets
Above: Today's video is trying out Quad Rocket Launchers with infinite ammo! Shows how to set up the game and what you can do!
Be sure to Be sure to subscribe to my Youtube channel for more vids!
If this game looks interesting to you, consider giving it a Watch, or adding it to your Steam Wishlist
Meet The Bandits
Despite the collapse of the national government, many people have managed to maintain a living. Others were not as fortunate. Some have formed factions that make money from protection racketeering. Some appropriate the symbology of the previous state authorities. Others have failed to accumulate any kind of power or wealth and need to sustain themselves with violent crime.
These bandits hide out in bases scattered around the map. Sometimes these are dilapidated buildings, but other times these are makeshift fortifications or even abandoned bunkers.
Bandit Bases
Bandit bases consist of some structure(s), a spawner (a burning barrel) and various hidden chests and lockers. Nifty loot items spawn in theses chests, but chests can only be opened if the base is captured. Eliminate all of the defenders or outnumber the defenders to capture the base!
Bandit Base Levels & Loot Farming
Bandit bases have levels (1 – 5). This determines the number of bandits in the base, and their strength. This also sets the quality of the loot in the base. Higher level bandit bases are more likely to spawn silver and gold tier weapons and higher tier weapon mods.
A captured base can be abandoned using the “Abandon Occupation” button. If the bandit base has been occupied for a few minutes then it will gain a level. Repeatedly capturing and releasing a bandit base will “train” the bandits and make them more effective.
Finally a bandit base can be removed for good by converting it into a player base.
Bandit Base Raid Gif
Above: Flawlessly attacking a Bandit Base and checking out some of the loot!
Mega Bandit Base
In randomly generated cities a Mega Bandit Base spawns. This has three times the loot, but also three times the bandits guarding it. It also has something different – rocket bandits! These will pepper you with explosive rockets unless you can evade them or neutralise them first.
This base is easier to take down if you have friends helping you in multiplayer, but then you'll have to split the loot with them ;). If you are lucky there will be an vacant lot nearby and you can build a staircase to sneak over the wall with.
The Big Bandit Base
The Big Bandit Base
Taking out this base solo is very difficult!
Taking out this base solo is very difficult!
Attacks on Buildings
Every now and again the bandits will attack a building. You will get a mission notifier for this, killing them is a nice quick way to get some cash and reputation. As you level up you can unlock more interesting bandit defence missions, including rooftop missions!
Kinds of bandit attacks:
Hold up missions: Groups of 2-4 bandits hold up houses or small businesses
Rooftop Gang missions: A group of bandits meets up on the rooftops of tall buildings and are equipped with a variety of weapons, including rocket launchers. Attacking them directly could be difficult...
Big building missions: A large number of bandits hold up large buildings, such as the Hospital or Department Store and are equipped again with a variety of weapons. You don't have to kill all of them - if you kill enough of them they will become demoralised and run away
Office tower mission: Bandits take over a large office building – clearing them out will take some work. Shred your way though them for a massive cash and reputation reward!
For Updates, hit Watch, or add to your Wishlist on Steam
Until next time,
Twigz.
With the San Francisco 49ers bringing in a new general manager and head coach, who have embraced the organization's historic past, it reminds us of some of the great players that have donned the red and gold over the years. Niner Noise ranks the top five running backs in franchise history.
As the San Francisco 49ers begin the painstaking process of rebuilding this once-proud franchise, new head coach Kyle Shanahan and general manager John Lynch have done something the last few regimes seemed unwilling to do: embrace the past.
Seeing the faces of past 49er greats like Jerry Rice, Steve Young, and Mike Shanahan (to name a few) walk through the facilities recently has brought a bit of nostalgia along with it.
With so many great players in it's rich history, there were some tough choices. Narrowing it down to five made it more of a challenge and definitely more debatable.
Using a guideline of overall stats, impact on the team/league, and historical significance, here are the five greatest running backs in 49ers history.
Buy Photo Blue Earl Brewing owner Ron Price says the Smyrna microbrewery's beers soon will be available in bars, restaurants and package stores. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
Bottles and draft beer from Blue Earl Brewing in Smyrna could be available at restaurants, pubs and package stores throughout the state by the end of the year.
“We have a bottling and labeling system sitting in a crate right now,” owner Ron Price said. “Our goal is to begin distributing kegs before Halloween and then have our bottles out there in time for Christmas.”
Price said he is now finalizing a contract with “the largest distributor in the state” – a definition that would fit NKS Distributing.
“It's sitting on my desk now, waiting for my signature,” he said.
Once complete, the deal would make Blue Earl the sixth Delaware-based brewery with both on- and off-site sales.
Mispillion River Brewing became the newest member of that club in September 2014, when the owners inked a deal with NKS – 10 months after opening their taproom and brewery in Milford.
The Blue Earl taproom and brewery at the Smyrna Business Park has been open for only four months.
Yet it's slate of 25 beers already boasts the second-highest rating among Delaware breweries on the social networking app Untappd – trailing only Dogfish Head, the state's first and best known microbrew.
Blue Earl reached a milestone Thursday when the taproom began filling growlers – refillable jugs sold for off-site consumption. Price said the addition of take-out sales led to his most profitable week yet, as hundreds of customers poured in to take their favorite drafts home for the first time.
Now the brewery is ramping up production capacity so it can begin competing with microbrews and national brands at local bars and package stores.
Last month, Blue Earl added a 15-barrel brewing system – called Big Earl – that is 10 times larger than its initial system, now known as Little Earl.
Big Earl already has produced 60 barrels – equal to roughly 800 cases – that are being kegged for future distribution.
The Walkin' Blues American IPA, Blue Train Double IPA, Body & Soul Scotch Ale and a seasonal German Oktoberfest, called I Can't Quit You, will be the first brews out the door, with one of Blue Earl's two Belgian ales to follow later, Price said.
In the meantime, Blue Earl is turning to its growing fan base to help cover some of the start-up costs of transitioning from a taproom to a full-scale microbrewery.
The business launched a Kickstarter campaign earlier this month in the hopes of raising $25,000 needed to install the new equipment, as well as purchase the labels, bottles and roughly 1,500 empty kegs needed to make the distribution dream a reality.
“We already took out a loan of almost $500,000 to get the business started and I think we bit off more than we can chew,” he said. “That's one of the reasons we're turning to Kickstarter for help.”
As of Monday, the online campaign had $2,583 pledged from 30 backers. Price is offering rewards from personalized plaques in the taproom for a pledge of $10 to a single “Brewmaster for a Day” deal that includes swag, a brewery tour, signing the brewery line, brewing your own beer and a private party for 20 friends – all for a contribution of $5,000 or more.
“In some ways, the Kickstarter campaign has already gone above what we anticipated,” Price said. “Ever since it went live, investors have been coming out of the woodwork. I've got three investor meetings this week.”
As a result, Price is confident Blue Earl will be in bars and on store shelves later this year.
“Of course, we'd still like to meet our Kickstarter goal because that will help us get more beer out faster,” he said. “Plus, those are our fans – people who believe in us with all of their heart – so I'd rather have their support than anyone else.”
Shirley Sheridan, co-owner of Sheridan's Irish Pub in Smyrna, said she just hopes Blue Earl's beers arrive soon, regardless of how their distribution gets funded.
“We love to support local folks so we've got Painted Stave's spirits here already,” she said, referring to the Smyrna distillery that opened in 2013.
“I'm not much of a beer drinker,” she said. “But I've visited the brewery and Blue Earl has a lot of good, tasty beer that we'd love to serve to our customers, as well.”
Contact Scott Goss at (302) 324-2281, sgoss@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ScottGossDel.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1FaAf7H
The Toronto of 2016 is arguably a dog-eat-dog place. The murder rate is skyrocketing and the real estate market has never been more cutthroat.
But on the 11 Bellamy bus route in Scarborough, people still do the right thing.
Like all Toronto Transit Commission drivers, Danny Clavette is required to collect and turn in to lost and found the items patrons have left behind. But Toronto police decided to give him a award anyway, in a special ceremony on Friday, because of the unusual nature of the item he returned.
Story continues below advertisement
On Monday at about dinnertime, Mr. Clavette was driving his route when a passenger came up to him with a backpack that another man had left behind. The bag was unmemorable, a little beaten-up, and the other rider didn't bother looking inside.
When Mr. Clavette opened it up, he got a surprise, explained Superintendent John Tanouye, the commander of the local police division.
"Usually they open it up and there's just grocery shopping or gym clothes, something like that," Supt. Tanouye said.
Peeking in this time, Mr. Clavette saw "a bunch of envelopes," Supt. Tanouye said. When he opened one, he found it was crammed with $100 bills.
The bag contained no less than $50,000 in cash. It also included a woman's obituary and perhaps another note indicating the stash of bills might be her son's inheritance. A man's passport was also inside.
At that moment, a man in his 50s was running into the local police station, "hysterical," Supt. Tanouye said. He said he needed to make a report: He had accidentally left his mother's life savings on the bus.
A TTC supervisor called the police station while the man was still there to report what Mr. Clavette had found. The man, "ecstatic" and "very thankful," was immediately reunited with the bag.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
He left so quickly that police haven't been able to reach him since, and they haven't learned more about the situation.
"Don't ask me why he got [$50,000] cash, but some people don't trust bank machines, I guess," Supt. Tanouye said.
As for Mr. Clavette, he had returned every single bill. There aren't always cameras recording TTC operators' movements, so they operate on the honour system, Supt. Tanouye said. People often turn in valuables they find, but he's never seen a case quite like this, he said.
"A person that was dishonest could have kept one of the envelopes and turned the rest of them in … [or] kept the bag for a few days and see if anybody reported it," he said. "In this case, Daniel, it didn't occur to him to do anything but turn it in."
But Mr. Clavette wasn't left empty-handed: On Friday he got a Toronto police hat and T-shirt and a certificate for being a Good Samaritan.
Jiu-Jitsu. It's Going To Be Really F–king Hard!
So you started doing Jiu Jitsu after hearing all about it from this guy in your office who just won't stop talking about it. This co-worker has probably been extremely committed to the grappling arts for around the eternity of 6 months or so and in the limited time they are not training they are more than willing to fill you in on the never ending benefits of wrestling around with dudes. Even though this guy was probably sent to you as a missionary straight from Brazil, here are a few things he might “forget” to tell you in his holy quest to bring you onto the mats.
It's going to be really fucking hard. Your first year or so of grappling will most likely consist of you flailing your limbs around and getting worked by almost everyone else.
There will always be someone in class who is at least 40lbs bigger than you. You will remember when your grappling missionary told you about how in Jiu Jitsu a smaller opponent can defeat a bigger opponent. However, you haven't been training that long and your girlfriend wants to spend time with you watching Dancing with the Stars, so right now you can only make it in 2 times a week and that hasn't actually been enough time to learn how to turn the tides on this giant monster who you are always partnered up with. Even though this is your fifth class, you don't really know any Jiu Jitsu.
After getting smashed by your training partner who strangely resembles Shrek you might be inclined to treat yourself to an easy round so you grab the opposite of the giant guy. In your class there is someone who is probably 20% smaller than you, they don't appear to be anywhere close to as strong as you, maybe they are a girl who seemed more than happy to let you borrow some tape before class. You find comfort knowing that for the next 5 minutes you will be able to easily use your office worker strength dominating this petite little thing as you catch your breath and plot your revenge against the giant troll you just had to wrestle.
But once again you have made a foolish assumption. This girl has already gone though the hardships of her first year and kept coming to class. Unlike you, she told her significant other she would much rather go to class then sit around watching re-runs of Top Gear every night. She has been doing Jiu Jitsu for years now and she isn't wearing a purple belt because it's a cute color. She remembers her first year of getting smashed and she also remembers how you were spazzing the fuck out on her during the warm up. The next 5 minutes will grant you little time to rest as this purple belt in pink gi climbs around you like a Sherpa at the Base Camp of Everest. You will then be shown how a smaller person with skills can stomp a bigger opponent.
Aside from feeling like a punching bag during open rolls, Jiu Jitsu offers a very unique challenge. If you have never grappled before there will be movements that will seem very foreign to you that are common and required for your training. There will be terms you have never heard before; some moves and drills will be very hard to find context for. You might also realize that even though you switched to drinking Diet Pepsi instead of Mt. Dew and you have been taking the stairs instead of the elevator at work, that physically, class can be rather challenging and sometimes exhausting.
It might take your body a bit to get used to the workouts; you're going to be sore. Maybe your elbow hurts because you just learned when you should have tapped to that arm bar. Your super soft skin might get rubbed off your shoulders or the tops of your feet. Some days it might be hard to make a fist; your fingers hurt. You haven't ever used your abs like this before, its hurts to laugh, but that's okay, there is nothing to laugh at right now anyway. And lets not forget how you may never be able to wear ear bud headphones ever again.
Give or take it usually requires about a year of consistent training before you get acclimated and can really start to see the bigger picture. Terms will start to make sense; you know what an underhook is now! The movements that seemed so foreign will become second nature; you might even start to help a new training partner on their first couple days. Now-a-days you will tap sooner rather than later, you might even compliment your partner on the method in which they just owned you. It still hurts to laugh some days, but now there is a little more to laugh at, even sometimes at yourself.
The more training you can fit in the better. Someone who makes it in 5 days a week is going to get a lot more exposure than someone who tries to come in once a week. Explaining to everyone in your life why you now want to dedicate a large portion of your time to wrestling around with sweaty dudes while wearing pajamas might be a little difficult. In fact you might even not know yourself why you are putting in so much time and sacrifice, and that's okay, it will all make sense later. Lots of people didn't know much they needed to do Jiu Jitsu until their belt changed colors a few times.
On the flip side maybe you have some serious obligations outside of the gym. Some relationships you have might require you to give them a high priority. Maybe you're a parent, or a single parent or your taking care of your parents, maybe you're the president of a large parent company. As much as all the Jiu Jitsu missionaries might want you to believe, grappling isn't always the most important thing. If this applies to you do not let it deter you. Yes, 5 days a week is better than 2, but one day a month is always going to be better than none.
It can be frustrating if you cannot always dedicate a large amount of time to your craft, this makes some people quit. Coming to class and seeing everyone progress at a faster rate than you might be difficult, but its way better to get in the pool once in a while and swim with the sharks than to sit at home and wait for Shark Week. Your schedule will eventually change, you will find a way to make it in more and when that happens, you will be so stoked you came in when you did even if it wasn't as much as you would have preferred.
Grappling possesses a high-capacity magazine of challenges that can be shot at you in a variety of semi-auto, 3 round bursts or fully automatic methods. Find comfort in knowing that it's not supposed to be easy.
I got hurt. Injures suck, come to class anyway, do what you can, learn how to heal yourself.
Only enough time to come once a week? Come early, stay late.
The same guy in class has beaten me for years? He might always, he probably deserves to.
What the fuck is a berimbolo? Nobody actually knows, just say no to inverting.
I got eliminated the first round of the competition I entered. So did 50% of the people who chose to compete. Learn why you lost.
Should I wait till I am in better shape before I commit to doing Jiu Jitsu? Should you wait till you are a gourmet chef before you start cooking?
What about my ears, they look like kettle chips now? Chicks dig scars and now you finally have an excuse to buy those “Beats By Dre” headphones you always wanted.
My girlfriend/boyfriend wants me to quit, says its weird I am spending so much time at the gym rolling around with strange sweaty dudes. Yeah, It's actually kinda weird, remind them how much you used to drink in your free time and how cool you are now.
Everyone is bigger and stronger than me. Someday you will make them pay.
Just like most things in life, you have to pick the raisins out of the trial mix before you can really enjoy it. The benefits far outweigh any hardships you are sure to run into along the way. Despite the popular sales slogan, Jiu Jitsu is not for everyone. It easily weeds out the ones who cannot handle the overwhelming barrage of laundry. If you cannot tell yourself and truly believe that the hair that ended up in your mouth is yours (even though you don't have hairs that color on your body anywhere) then maybe you don't belong on the mat. If you can't handle missing Taco Tuesdays at the bar then you probably won't even get that good at passing the guard.
Endure all these hardships and if you stick it out you will soon be the next Jiu Jitsu missionary, interrupting your co-workers so you can tell them you almost arm-barred a really good blue belt this weekend.
CLICK HERE FOR THE ORIGINAL ARTICLE and when you are in Portland, Oregon visit the folks at Eastside Grappling who penned this great article!
EASTSIDE GRAPPLING, 210 SOUTHEAST MADISON STREET, PORTLAND, OR, 97214 Phones: 971-237-6626
Gerardo Reyes, a Rhode Islander for 13 years, has built his new cafe from scratch, with hopes that it will become a neighborhood hub.
CENTRAL FALLS
Dexter Street now has a cafe serving espresso drinks, muffins and pastries. By summer they will be making panini — grilled sandwiches — adding more items to the menu. Live acoustic music is on tap for Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings.
Gerardo Reyes, 33, has big plans for his cozy Chikondi Cafe, and he's worked hard to make it happen. He did all the construction himself, from installing the floors to distressing plywood to create interesting counters and tabletops.
"I feel satisfied, because I did this with my own hands."
He's purposely left the walls a naked white and hopes that artistic students from Central Falls High School will grace them with murals and art projects. He has Wi-Fi and wants Chikondi to be a place that the students frequent after school. "So they will feel part of the community," he said. "I hope they will see they can reach their goals, as I did mine with the cafe."
A Rhode Islander for 13 years since he came from Guatemala, Reyes has had a variety of jobs, including working at Subway, Wendy's and Friendly's. His fast-food jobs inspired him to open his own spot, a cafe like none other in this city.
The location seems perfect for a new food business. It's not far from three well-established restaurants, Stanley's Famous Hamburgers, Mexican restaurant Taqueria Lupita, and El Paisa, a Colombian restaurant.
The name Chikondi comes from a dialect spoken in Zambia and it means love. A friend from an East Providence church was in the Peace Corps in Africa and shared the name with him.
"It's like a United Nations fit," he said. "Something you can only find here."
Right now he is the only one you'll find behind the counter at the cafe, which is open seven days a week: 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday to Friday; 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday; and 2 to 7 p.m. on Sunday, after he attends church. The hours will expand over the summer, he said.
On the day I visited, not only was Mayor James Diossa in the cafe, so too was City Council president Robert Ferri and Alfonso Acevedo, publisher of the regionally circulated America News en Español. The city hosted a ribbon-cutting last weekend for Reyes.
Reyes said he and his partners put up the money to open the cafe without loans. City officials helped him navigate the paperwork and inspections, he said.
DETAILS
Chikondi Cafe, 590 Dexter St., Central Falls, (401) 723-2345, on Facebook Chikondi Cafe. The cafe seats 25, has tables and counter seating, and a big-screen TV.
— gciampa@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7266
On Twitter: @gailciampa
View 12 Photos
We already know that the 2016 Mazda CX-3 subcompact crossover has class-competitive fuel economy and driving dynamics, and now Mazda has announced pricing for this new model that goes on sale in August. The base CX-3 Sport starts at $20,840 including destination, just $45 more than its closest competitor the Honda HR-V when both are equipped with an automatic transmsission (the Mazda does not offer a manual).
The 2016 Mazda CX-3 Sport comes standard with a MazdaConnect infotainment system, a backup camera, and keyless entry and pushbutton start. A six-speed automatic and front-wheel drive mate with the 2.0-liter, 146-hp four-cylinder, with all-wheel drive available as a $1,250 option. Just for reference, a roughly equivalent 2016 Mazda3 Sport five-door model starts at a slightly lower $20,415.
View 12 Photos
Next in the 2016 CX-3 lineup is the Touring model, which adds leatherette upholstery, heated front seats, a blind-spot warning system, and a leather-wrapped steering wheel and shifter. The CX-3 Touring starts at $22,840, and is available with a $1,410 Technology Package that adds additional features like a moonroof, XM radio, and a cargo cover. AWD is also a $1,250 option for the Touring.
Finally, the loaded 2016 Mazda CX-3 Grand Touring starts at $25,870 including destination for the front-wheel-drive model (AWD is once again $1,250 extra). It comes standard with navigation, a head-up display, a moonroof, LED headlights, two-tone seating trim with suede inserts, a Bose audio system, and paddle shifters for the transmission. Active safety features like adaptive cruise control, lane-departure warning, and forward collision warning are offered in the i-ActivSense package for an extra $1,920. All in, a loaded 2016 Mazda CX-3 Grand Touring AWD with the i-ActivSense package tops out at a fairly steep $29,040.
Read our review of the 2016 Mazda CX-3 here before this new crossover goes on sale next month.
Toronto Councillor Doug Ford wants to shut down libraries because he thinks there are too many of them and no one goes to them. Margaret Atwood — an internationally renowned, best-selling Canadian author and winner of the Arthur C. Clarke Award, as well as an appointee of the Order of Canada, the Order of Ontario (Ford's province), and a member of the Royal Society of Canada — finds fault with Ford's statement and started a petition in support of keeping libraries open. Doug Ford claims that he's never heard of Atwood, wouldn't know her if she walked by him on the street, and if she wants to make any sort of impact on the state of the libraries, she should “go run in the next election and get democratically elected.” So, not only does Doug Ford make a point of going out of his way to be a jerk to Margaret Atwood, but he plays the “I've never even heard of this world famous author, so I choose to ignore the impact she's having on my policies” card? Lame, Doug Ford.
Besides the general icky feeling we get from this story of a male politician telling a woman to sit down and shut up, what's even more disturbing about it is Doug Ford's seemingly blatant disregard for the opinions and impact of his constituents. Here's how it began: Ford — who is a Councillor of Ward 2, Etibicoke North in Toronto and an advisor to his brother, the Mayor of Toronto, Robert Ford (not the coward who assassinated Jesse James, we should mention, but who is described as “thuggish” by Boing Boing) — has vowed to make drastic cuts to “everything that isn't nailed down,” either by turning public services over to private entities or shutting them down entirely. He would like to shut down the Toronto Public Library and its local branches because he says there are more libraries than Tim Horton's donut shops. (I believe they are like the Canadian version of Dunkin' Donuts, but I'll stand corrected if there is a better comparison.) He also stated that he'd shut down one library in an industrial area because “no one knows it's there,” when actually, almost 40,000 people know it's there and visit it every year. Margaret Atwood, who, in addition to being a world-famous author, is a very popular activist in her hometown, Tweeted her disapproval and started an online petition to save the libraries. Since she has over 250,000 followers, that petition promptly crashed.
But Doug Ford, who has been living in some sort of parallel universe, doesn't really care about what some silly author lady thinks and had this to say in response to her petition and the subsequent crash by all those people who wanted to sign it:
“Well good luck to Margaret Atwood. I don't even know her. If she walked by me, I wouldn't have a clue who she is … She's not down here, she's not dealing with the problem. Tell her to go run in the next election and get democratically elected. And we'd be more than happy to sit down and listen to Margaret Atwood.”
So, basically, if you are a constituent of Doug Ford — like Margaret Atwood is — and you have an opinion about what the people in charge of your town are planning to do with your tax-funded programs and services, the only way to get Doug Ford to listen to you is to become a politician yourself. Or else, shut up.
But even Ford's colleagues think he's being a jerk, finding it kind of impossible for him to have no familiarity with Margaret Atwood.
“It's just not something you say one of Toronto's, and Canada's, literary giants,” said Councillor Mike Layton. “She's Margaret Atwood — she's pretty important and a source of pride to a lot of people. What I'm hearing from people is mostly embarrassment about his remarks.”
Hear that, Doug Ford? You're embarrassing your constituents. Maybe if you went to that library that you think doesn't exist — the one that thousands of your constituents visit — you'd be a little more informed as to what's happening in Etobicoke.
But just in case, citizens of Toronto, think about starting your political campaigns now.
(Toronto Star via Boing Boing)
The names of the days of the week in Spanish and English do not seem very much alike — so you may be surprised to find out they have similar origins. Most of the words for the days are tied to planetary bodies and ancient mythology.
Key Takeaways Days of the week in Spanish are masculine and not capitalized.
The names of the five weekdays in English and Spanish are connected to each other, coming from astronomy and mythology.
The names of the weekend days in English and Spanish have different origins in the two languages.
Also, the English and Spanish names for the name of the seventh day of the week, "Saturday" and sábado, aren't related at all even though they look vaguely similar.
The names in the two languages are:
Sunday: domingo
Monday: lunes
Tuesday: martes
Wednesday: miércoles
Thursday: jueves
Friday: viernes
Saturday: sábado
History of the Days of the Week in Spanish
The historical origin or etymology of the days of the week can be linked to Roman mythology. The Romans saw a connection between their gods and the changing face of the nighttime sky, so it became natural to use their gods' names for the planets. The planets the ancient people were able to track in the sky were Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Those five planets plus the moon and sun made up the seven major astronomical bodies. When the concept of the seven-day week was imported from Mesopotamian culture early in the fourth century, the Romans used those astronomical names for the days of the week.
The first day of the week was named after the sun, followed by the moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, and Saturn. The names of the week were adopted with little change throughout most of the Roman Empire and beyond. In only a few cases were changes made.
In Spanish, the five weekdays all retained their planetary names. Those are the five days whose names end in -es, a shortening of the Latin word for "day," dies. Lune comes from the word for "moon," luna in Spanish, and the planetary connection with Mars is also apparent with martes. The same is true with Mercury/miércoles, and Venus is viernes, meaning "Friday."
The connection with Jupiter is not quite so apparent with jueves unless you know Roman mythology and recall that "Jove" is another name for Jupiter in Latin.
The days for the weekend, Saturday and Sunday, were not adopted using the Roman naming pattern. Domingo comes from a Latin word meaning "Lord's day." And sábado comes from the Hebrew word "sabbath," meaning a day of rest. In Jewish and Christian tradition, God rested on the seventh day of creation.
Stories Behind the English Names
In English, the naming pattern is similar, but with a key difference. The relation between Sunday and the sun, Monday and the moon and Saturn and Saturday are obvious. The celestial body is the root of the words.
The difference with the other days is that English is a Germanic language, unlike Spanish which is a Latin or Romance language. The names of equivalent Germanic and Norse gods were substituted for the names of the Roman gods.
Mars, for example, was the god of war in Roman mythology, while the Germanic god of war was Tiw, whose name became part of Tuesday. "Wednesday" is a modification of "Woden's Day." Woden, also called Odin, was a god who was swift like Mercury. The Norse god Thor was the basis for naming Thursday. Thor was considered an equivalent god to Jupiter in Roman mythology. Norse goddess Frigga, after whom Friday was named, was, like Venus, the goddess of love.
Using the Days of the Week in Spanish
In Spanish, the names of the week are all masculine nouns, and they are not capitalized except at the beginning of a sentence. Thus it is common to refer to the days as el domingo, el lunes, and so on.
For the five weekdays, the names are the same in singular and plural. Thus we have los lunes, for "Mondays," los martes for (Tuesdays), and so on. The weekend days are made plural just by adding -s: los domingos and los sábados.
A worker fix a spotlight at the Microsoft exhibit of the upcoming CeBIT fair in Hanover March 3, 2008. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) started testing a new way of selling its Office software suite on a subscription basis, packaging it with security software and free online services.
Microsoft on Friday launched a new test program code-named “Albany” that will allow consumers to download and install Office 2007, which includes Word processing and Excel spreadsheet, and then receive updates for a subscription instead of a more traditional one-time license fee.
Consumers will also receive Windows Live OneCare, a Web-based security software, and online applications including Windows Live Mail and Office Live Workspace.
Microsoft did not disclose how it plans to set the pricing for “Albany” or when it would be widely available.
The company faces competition from Google Inc (GOOG.O) and a slew of start-ups including privately-held Zoho, which are offering applications comparable to Office but delivered through a Web browser for free or a monthly subscription.
Microsoft said this is not a complete overhaul of how it sells software.
“We are definitely not straying from our traditional software sales model,” said Bryson Gordon, product manager for the project.
“There will always be a significant number of users for whom purchasing a perpetual license to the latest version of Office is still the best choice. “Albany” just gives customers more choice.”
A leader of the LGBT student group at the Georgia Institute of Technology was fatally shot by police on campus Saturday evening — after police said the student refused officers' orders to drop a knife.
Scout Schultz, 21, was pronounced dead early Sunday morning after being taken to the hospital, Fox 5 Atlanta reported. Georgia Tech police were called to West Campus residential community after a person called 911 claiming someone with a knife and gun was near the campus. It was not clear if investigators ever found a gun.
Schultz, a fourth-year computer engineering major and the president of the Georgia Tech Pride Alliance, preferred the pronouns “they” and “them” rather than “him” or “her” and identified as bisexual and non-binary--according to a Pride Alliance profile online, reports USA Today.
Scout allegedly was armed with a knife and refused to put the weapon down when officers urged them multiple times to do so. Videos taken by witnesses showed Schultz, who appeared to be barefoot, holding an object in their hand, WSB-TV reported. The student then was seen yelling, “shoot me” to the officers.
“Drop the knife! Drop the knife!" the officers were heard shouting back.
"Nobody wants to hurt you ... Drop the knife," an officer said again, ordering him to put the weapon down.
Another video showed Schultz walking forward before an officer fired his gun at Schultz. Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Nelly Miles said the officer shot the student after Schultz “continued to advance on the officers with the knife.”
As the situation was unfolding, Georgia Tech issued a “seek shelter” alert to campus students until further notice. It advised students to lock all windows and doors. The alert was lifted around midnight Sunday, saying there was “no longer a threat to campus.”
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is looking into the situation, the college said.
“The Georgia Tech community was notified Sunday morning of the tragic death of Scout Schultz, fourth-year computer engineering major from Lilburn, Georgia. Schultz died Sunday, Sept. 17, as a result of an incident in the West Campus residential community,” the statement read.
The Georgia Tech Pride Alliance released a statement Sunday afternoon saying it was “saddened” by the death.
“They have been the driving force behind Pride Alliance for the past two years. They pushed us to do more events and a larger variety events, and we would not be the organization we are known as without their constant hard work and dedication,” the statement read.
“Scout always reminded us to think critically about the intersection of identities and how a multitude of factors play into one's experience on Tech's campus and beyond,” it continued. “We love you Scout and we will continue to push for change.”
Damien Woody and Herm Edwards discuss whether the Bills can get a win if quarterback Tyrod Taylor is out. (0:55)
Can the Bills beat the Colts without Taylor? (0:55)
Rookie quarterback Nathan Peterman will start for the Buffalo Bills on Sunday in place of the injured Tyrod Taylor, the team announced.
Editor's Picks The Biggest NFL injuries of Week 14 Eagles QB Carson Wentz, Seahawks LB Bobby Wagner and Buccaneers DT Gerald McCoy top the list of injured players on Sunday. Get caught up on all the key Week 14 injuries here.
Kiper's Rookie Big Board: Saints' Kamara, Lattimore are 1-2 The Saints' class has been special so far. Here's where Alvin Kamara, Marshon Lattimore and the rest rank among the 30 best rookies this season. 1 Related
Taylor is inactive for the game. He had been listed as questionable with a bruised patellar tendon in his left knee and was considered a game-time decision by Bills coach Sean McDermott.
Joe Webb will back up Peterman at quarterback.
The Bills are 6-6 and contending for an AFC wild-card berth entering Sunday's game against the Indianapolis Colts.
Taylor was injured on Buffalo's first play from scrimmage in last Sunday's 23-3 loss to the New England Patriots when he was sacked while scrambling toward the sideline. Taylor remained in the game until early in the fourth quarter, when he was carted off. In his place, Peterman completed 6 of 15 passes for 50 yards.
The Bills benched Taylor before their Nov. 19 game against the Los Angeles Chargers in favor of Peterman, a fifth-round draft pick in 2017. Peterman threw five interceptions in the first half against the Chargers before being replaced by Taylor, who reclaimed the starting job the following week.
Hollywood's secretive conservative group "Friends of Abe" has reportedly broken up over concerns about Donald Trump and the California primary. The organization will disband, stop maintaining their website, and stop collecting dues.
“Effective immediately, we are going to begin to wind down the 501 c3 organization, bring the Sustaining Membership dues to an end, and do away with costly infrastructure and the abespal.com website,” executive director Jeremy Boreing told members in an email, the Guardian reported.
“Today, because we have been successful in creating a community that extends far beyond our events, people just don't feel as much of a need to show up for every speaker or bar night, and fewer people pay the dues that help us maintain that large infrastructure.”
Lionel Chetwynd, a producer and screenwriter and co-founder of the group, told the Guardian the campaign for California's June 7 primary was causing a “civil war in slow motion.”
In September 1940, following the defeat of France and the evacuation of most British troops from continental Europe, Japan aligned itself with Germany and Italy, becoming the third element in the tripartite alliance of Axis Powers.Japanese-U.S. relations worsened, and America imposed economic sanctions on Tokyo in response to its occupation of Manchuria and war against China. Japanese imperial forces sought to expand their military and economic domination of Asia. To do that with impunity, Tokyo sought to cripple America's naval presence in the Pacific Japan attempted to send out a last minute declaration of war to “ avoid a charge of ‘attack without warning,' but the plan cut the time element too fine,” writes the U.S. Army Center of Military History. U.S. forces had not received warning by the time the first wave of Japanese planes attacked Pearl Harbor soon before 8 a.m. A second wave followed an hour later.Torpedoes and high-explosive and incendiary devices sank or damaged 21 vessels of the U.S. Pacific Fleet and destroyed 188 aircraft within two hours. U.S. casualties numbered in the thousands; some 1,177 American servicemen died on board the battleship Arizona, which for many became their final resting place and a continuing memorial.
In 2015,​​ Red Wings forward Dylan Larkin broke into the league as a teenager, put up 45 points and led his team in plus-minus as a teenaged rookie. The Red Wings forward came into 2016-17 with big expectations, but instead slumped to 32 points and a minus-28 rating, ahead of only Riley Sheahan among Detroit skaters.
One of the contributing factors to Larkin's frustrating season was his deployment. After serving as Justin Abdelkader and Henrik Zetterberg's right winger for most of 2015-16, Larkin played both center – his natural position – and wing with a rotating cast of linemates in 2016-17.
This lack of consistency, both in process and result, certainly led to heated discussions amongst fans about his future role with the Wings. First-line centers, which would be Larkin's ideal destination for the Red Wings, are rare assets in the NHL. Scoring wingers are a little bit easier to draft or acquire via trade.
Detroit is far from alone in being faced with this dilemma. The Tampa Bay Lightning organization was still unsure where to slot Steven Stamkos in at even strength eight years into his NHL career. The Montreal Canadiens may deal Alex Galchenyuk to another team without ever finding out if he can both score and drive play as a pivot. The Toronto Maple Leafs are happy to have William Nylander play anywhere on their roster, but would certainly prefer him to supplant Tyler Bozak their top right-handed centerman.
In a previous article, I broke down three defensive habits any young player needs to master when playing center against the best in the world. This time, we'll dig into the center-versus-wing debate by focusing on the offensive side of the puck.
Before getting to the implications of position on Larkin's game, let's talk about another smooth-skating, high-scoring Midwesterner: Phil Kessel. Now seen as a prototypical shooting winger, Kessel actually played center all the way up to his second NHL season as a member of the Boston Bruins.
Fairly or not, the Wisconsin-native was perceived as a player with trouble mastering the defensive side of the game and who wasn't using his teammates quite well enough. After winning only 42.3 percent of his faceoffs in 2007-08, the Bruins bumped Kessel to the ring wing permanently.
The move worked wonders for Kessel, who broke out with a 36-goal campaign in 2008-09 and who hasn't scored fewer than 23 goals in a full season since. While Pittsburgh centers Sidney Crosby, Evgeni Malkin and Matt Cullen need to work hard to come back below the puck and attack from the defensive side of the puck, Kessel can stay above the fray and get a half-step on opposing defensemen in the neutral zone – more like a wide receiver than a running back.
New #1MinuteTactics : To be the best, you need to work like the best. See how #Crosby stays D side to help @penguins regain possession pic.twitter.com/wqlry6C5ze — Jack Han (@ml_han) November 16, 2016
This season, Kessel scored five of his 15 even-strength goals off the rush. Finding space beside or behind the opposition rather than building up the play from the bottom-up would be akin to cheating for offense if one played center. But for wingers, that is exactly what they should be doing in order to create space and put themselves in a position to score.
In his rookie year, Larkin notched 10 of his 19 even-strength goals off the rush. Linemate Zetterberg's ability to control the middle of the ice often allowed the young American to use his all-world speed to beat defenders on the outside. If the puck was in the Detroit zone, Larkin also had the freedom to drift up-ice, knowing that his teammates are looking out for him as a breakaway threat.
This year, Larkin only scored 11 goals at even-strength. His only rush goal of the season was also his first, a breakaway tally against Carolina in October 25 2016.
The adjustments made to his game this past season related to playing center may have caused his even-strength scoring to dry up as well as adjustments made by opposing teams that have picked up on Larkin's tendencies in the offensive zone. Larkin's defensive impact in high-danger areas remains significantly worse than team-average, and he has only won 44.5 percent of 532 faceoffs taken since 2015. However, Larkin has scored 10 more goals than Kessel two years into his NHL career and remains in the same class as Jack Eichel, Patrick Kane and Auston Matthews as the most productive American teenagers in recent memory.
This begs the question: If this is the opportunity cost of Larkin playing exclusively down the middle, would the Red Wings even want him to play there? Why not put him on a line with Sheahan, Frans Nielsen or Darren Helm, and let them do the heavy lifting so that Larkin can maximize his finishing ability?
If I were Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill, I'd give this plan serious thought. Every NHL team can use a 20-year-old Phil Kessel.
Stats via Hockey-Reference.com
SAN FRANCSICO (MarketWatch) — The “London Whale” is leaving a lot of bodies in its wake.
Frank J. Bisignano, another senior executive at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.76% is out, bringing the count of departing bankers to roughly nine, including Bruno Iksil, the trader who reportedly was chiefly responsible for the trade, and Ina Drew, head of the bank's chief investment office in London.
Reuters Jamie Dimon.
For Bisignano this is a soft landing. He will be joining First Data Corp. The move reflects an irony at the center of the whale tale: Those with ties to the disastrous trade appear to be in high demand among J.P. Morgan's rivals.
Under Jamie Dimon, J.P. Morgan has walked a fine line in the year since the money-losing trade became public. Executives leave. Pay — in Chairman and CEO Dimon's case — has been slashed. And yet the bank chugs along profitably and with all the cockiness of its leader.
Witness a Bloomberg report Monday that the bank ranked first among global financial firms in pay in London. J.P. Morgan pays, on average, roughly 20% more there than Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.13% and Morgan Stanley MS, +0.52%
Where others struggle, J.P. Morgan's spoils offset its high compensation costs.
Bisignano's departure isn't about money. He has been described as a trusted friend of Dimon's and the company's “fixer” when it comes to operational issues. But his exit also clears the path for Matt Zames to become sole chief operating officer and a front runner to succeed Dimon.
Zames should take note of the shake-ups at the bank. Another substantial trading loss or regulatory misstep would likely not only sink Dimon but sweep out the executive suite completely. Zames needs to look no further than the overhaul of Barclays after Robert Diamond presided over a crippling interest-rate-rigging scandal.
Even though Bisignano's exit shows it's still possible to swim safely away from the post–”London Whale” bank, it's likely the next crisis would sink J.P. Morgan — which has simply taken on too much water.
— David Weidner
Want this type of analysis sent to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free MarketWatch First Takes newsletter. Sign up here.
Business Insider's Joe Weisenthal covers the still-soaring price of Bitcoin – which has now broken $100 – and puts an interesting spin on the situation: the Bitcoin economy is now suffering hyperdeflation. He writes:
So a few weeks ago, a pizza might have cost you one Bitcoin. Today it might only cost you a fifth of a Bitcoin, which sounds great, but then if you're looking at the above chart, why would you spend anything? Why would you buy a pizza (or pot or anything else) when tomorrow your Bitcoin will be worth more? With this kind of chart, you'd be insane to do anything but hoard your coins. So yes, all the hype is great for some folks in the ecosystem, but ultimately there's a reason that over time, government prefer to see their currency slowly depreciate. A surging currency leads to hoarding which kills real transactions.
I've written repeatedly that I think the current price of Bitcoin is the result of a volatile bubble – though I'm no more certain than anyone else as to when that bubble will burst – and that explanation is part of the reason why. The faster the Bitcoin price rises, the fewer actual transactions you'll see being made with it. Insofar as there is a "real" price of the currency, as opposed to the inflated price it's showing now, that must be based on people actually using Bitcoin, rather than hoarding it. While the currency is in hyperdeflation, that won't happen (outside of a few crazy people doing things like selling their houses in it).
But while the bubble-like price of Bitcoin at the moment must be separated from its long-term prospects, those are also harmed by the promise of deflation.
The way the currency works, an ever-decreasing amount of new coins are introduced to the money supply, until 2140, when every coin in existence will have been created. Since Bitcoins can be destroyed – losing the private key for your account is basically the same as shredding your wallet – the economy will actually enter deflation some time before then, even counted in Bitcoin terms. With deflation comes hoarding, as things become cheaper to buy in the future rather than now; and that slump in demand would have the same effect as a permanent recession.
A normal currency could implement some unconventional policy to fight that. A tax on cash holdings, for instance, would serve to drop the real interest rate low enough to prompt some spending again. But that can't happen with Bitcoin, where holdings are anonymous by default, and – let's be honest, here – a large proportion of the actual use of the currency is criminal in nature.
Bubble or not, the underpinnings of Bitcoin pose problems to its use as a popular currency. Hyperdeflation may not spark the same populist fear as hyperinflation, but it's just as bad.
East Point is getting serious about attracting millennials and the companies that employ them by way of Beltline-esque, multi-use trails — which, in turn, could present a whole new way of traversing the ITP city.
We're told that city government recently approved PATH Foundation plans for a system of bicycle and pedestrian trails that could eventually span nearly 25 miles and link into the Beltline's southern crescent.
It's called the East Point PATH. And construction on the first segment is projected to begin in the third quarter of this year.
The grand vision calls for 16 trail segments connecting major job centers, schools, parks, and the city's downtown, though key parcels have yet to be acquired, and it sounds like federal and state funds would be required for construction beyond 2020.
The Trail Master Plan spells out the initiative's background and goals in great detail.
Construction of specific, high-priority segments is expected to span between this year and 2021, costing north of $7 million from existing public and private funds. The goal is to complete nearly 10 miles of multi-use trails in the next five years.
Below are a few key screenshots from the city's trail plan document that illustrate the PATH vision, with explanations included:
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
President Obama on Tuesday pardoned retired Gen. James Cartwright, the former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff accused of lying to the FBI about his conversations with reporters regarding U.S. efforts to cripple Iran's nuclear program.
Cartwright pleaded guilty in October to one felony count of making false statements during the FBI's investigation into leaks about the government's role in a highly classified operation known as Operation Olympic Games.
The clandestine effort — untaken with Israel — deployed a computer virus known as Stuxnet that destroyed Iranian centrifuges used in creating nuclear fuel.
ADVERTISEMENT
New York Times journalist David Sanger exposed the operation in 2012, sparking the federal investigation that led to Cartwright.
According to the government's sentencing memo, when investigators interviewed Cartwright about Sanger's reporting in November 2013, he lied about his discussions with Sanger and Daniel Klaidman, who wrote a Newsweek article focused cyberattacks against Iran.
Agents then showed Cartwright an email exchange that contradicted his statements, according to the memo. Cartwright immediately became ashen, the report stated, and lost consciousness.
"After reading the email exchange, Cartwright stated the email contradicted his previous statements concerning not engaging with Klaidman on matters pertaining to [redacted],” the memo reads.
“Cartwright explained that he did not recall Klaidman asking about the matter, but then stated, 'I think I divulged classified information.' He additionally took off his glasses, started rubbing his eyes, and told interviewing agents, 'You got me,' when confronted with his contradicting statements.”
Shown a message from Sanger, "Cartwright read through the email and scanned the document with his finger. Cartwright was shaking, losing color in his face, and clearing his throat. Cartwright attempted to explain the email; however, his speech became slurred and he subsequently slumped over in this chair and lost consciousness.”
Cartwright was admitted to the hospital. When the interview resumed three days later, he admitted to disclosing classified information with the two journalists.
Attorneys for Cartwright have argued that he agreed to meet with the journalists in order to mitigate damage from a leak of classified information they already had in their possession.
Sanger himself has characterized the former general as concerned with protecting the interests of the United States — and numerous officials have pleaded for leniency for Cartwright in light of his long career of public service.
"Far from harming U.S. interests, his interview contributed to my efforts to provide the public with a comprehensive account of a critical new element of the American use of force, while trying to avoid harming future operations," Sanger wrote in a letter included in a sentencing memorandum filed by Cartwright's attorneys.
"I have no doubt he was trying to act in the best interests of the United States."
But prosecutors have noted that Cartwright did not put forth that explanation in his original 2013 interview with the FBI.
Federal prosecutors had asked a judge to sentence Cartwright to two years in prison — a penalty significantly harsher than the normal sentencing guidelines. They argued that the case should be treated as a leak and that a two-year sentence would act as a deterrent to future wrongdoers.
Sentencing was formerly set for the end of this month.
Cartwright is one of 64 people pardoned Tuesday by Obama. He also granted 209 commutations, including in the high-profile case of Chelsea Manning.
At first blush, it seems obvious that a picture could reveal your location. A picture of you standing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge sensibly leads to the conclusion you're in the San Francisco Bay Area when the photo was taken. But now that smartphones are quickly supplanting traditional digital cameras, and even traditional cameras now have wifi built in, many more pictures are finding their way onto the web, in places like Twitter, Flickr, Google+ and Tumblr. In a span of 10 days, popular photo social network Instagram added 10 million new users as a result of the release of its Android app and its acquisition by Facebook. And the location data hidden in these quick and candid pictures -- even when your location isn't as obvious as "standing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge" -- is becoming another easy way for anyone, including law enforcement, to figure out where you are.
Take the case of "w0rmer," a member of an Anonymous offshoot called "CabinCr3w," for example. According to the federal government (PDF), "w0rmer" broke into a number of different law enforcement databases and obtained a wealth of sensitive information. In a Twitter post, "w0rmer" provided a link to a website that contained the sensitive information as well as a picture of a woman (NSFW) posing with a sign taunting the authorities. Because the picture was taken with an iPhone 4, which contains a GPS device built in, the GPS coordinates of where the picture was taken was embedded into the picture's EXIF metadata. The FBI was able to use the EXIF data to determine that the picture was taken at a house in Wantirna South, Australia.
The FBI tracked down other online references to "w0rmer," with one website containing the name Higinio Ochoa. The feds took a look at Ochoa's Facebook account, which detailed that his girlfriend was Australian. Combined with the EXIF metadata, the government believed they had corroborated the identity of "w0rmer" as Ochoa, and in turn arrested him.
Even for photos not taken with a smartphone and not embedded with GPS coordinates (for example, point and shoot or SLR cameras that do not geotag), it's still possible for the police to get location information through EXIF metadata. You can upload a picture here and see the metadata stored in a picture for yourself. Contained within that metadata is the camera's serial number. Armed with that information, the police can easily scour the internet for other pictures tagged with the same serial number. In Australia, a man whose camera was stolen was able to track it down using stolencamerafinder.com because the thief had taken a picture with the camera and uploaded it to Flickr, where he had listed his address. But even if the thief's Flickr site didn't contain his address, police could have subpoenaed Flickr - like law enforcement have attempted to do with Twitter - for information concerning a user's temporarily assigned IP address, as well as session times and logs, to eventually determine where a person uploaded a picture from. All of which can be used to piece together a snapshot of not only your movements, but as in the case of "w0rmer," potentially your identity. In the United States, police are being trained about the broader investigative (PDF) potential of this information.
It might be tempting to say the problem is overblown, because some social media sites, including Facebook and Twitter, strip the metadata out of photos uploaded by their members. But not all do. Twitpic's default is to use a picture's location tag unless you opt out. Flickr gives you the option to hide a photo's EXIF data, but many casual photographers tempted by the rapid growth of photo sharing may not understand what EXIF data is, and the implication of making it publicly available.
The bigger problem is that courts have been expanding the police's right to search digital devices without a warrant under the "search incident to arrest" exception of the Fourth Amendment. While many of the cases involve warrantless searches of cell phones, there has been at least one case in California (PDF) where the police used the "search incident to arrest" exception to search a juvenile's digital camera. And there are other reported incidents of photojournalists having their cameras confiscated and searched when covering political protests and rallies. If the cops have the physical camera (and thus the memory cards that store the photos), whatever scrubbing that happens when a photo is uploaded to the web is no obstacle.
So if you value your privacy, you should take steps to ensure the EXIF metadata in your pictures isn't an easy way for anyone on the Internet to figure out your location. If you're using a smartphone to take pictures, disable geotagging from your pictures. If you're uploading your pictures to a website like Flickr or Twitpic that defaults to automatically include EXIF data and location information, take the steps to turn it off. And if you're using a traditional SLR or point and shoot camera that doesn't geotag, but does contain a breadth of EXIF data, the make sure you scrub its metadata before you upload it on the Internet. There are free online tools that will help you do precisely that. These simple steps will help ensure that the thousand words a picture describes doesn't include your location.
A pick-up truck had apparently crossed the sidewalk and wedged against the front of the basement-level businesses at 916 Hammond Ave., shortly before 8 p.m.
A second car was also involved in the collision, Superior police Sgt. Paul Winterscheidt said. One of the drivers was taken to a local hospital for a blood draw, he said.
Mikhael Moore, a barista, was working inside when he heard the crash happen, just five minutes before closing time.
“I just heard a loud, giant thump,” he said. “I thought at first that someone had fallen. It took a second to realize what was going on. You don't expect to see giant headlights coming through the basement door.”
Moore said the storefront glass was cracked, but didn't completely shatter. The store is expected to be open normal hours Thursday.
Wonder Woman just cleared $500 million at the worldwide box office and may end up being more lucrative than Man of Steel or Batman v Superman. But how much did Gal Gadot get paid for starring in such a huge hit?
The answer is $300,000. Actors often receive a bonus when their film passes a box office milestone, so Gadot will probably end up with more than that. But alongside other Hollywood salaries, it sounds surprisingly low.
Gal Gadot initially signed on for three movies, which have already been covered by Batman v Superman, Wonder Woman, and the upcoming Justice League. She revealed in 2014 that she was paid $300,000 per film, a figure that isn't wholly unusual for superhero blockbusters. Chris Evans earned $300,000 for Captain America, and Deadline reported in 2013 that some of the Avengers earned $200,000 for The Avengers due to their multi-picture contracts. Meanwhile, Robert Downey Jr. leveraged his star power to the tune of $50 million.
Despite those examples from Marvel Studios (which is famously draconian about its actors' contracts), this situation carries a whiff of Hollywood's gender pay gap. Why? Because according to Forbes, Henry Cavill earned a sweet $14 million for Man of Steel, including box office bonuses. As he pointed out last year, “I'm not just doing this for the art.”
Along with its box office success, Wonder Woman earned better reviews than Batman v Superman and the other DCEU movies. For any potential sequels, the studio can expect some intense contract negotations from Gadot and director Patty Jenkins. With Gadot contracted for three films and Jenkins contracted for only one, you can't help but wonder if Warner Bros. thought the franchise would end at one movie—or that Jenkins could be replaced. That could come back to bite them now, as the two women will demand higher paychecks for the as-yet unconfirmed Wonder Woman 2.
Update 11:40am CT, June 20: Vanity Fair has since cast doubt on Forbes' claim that Henry Cavill earned $14 million for Man of Steel. According to what Vanity Fair describes as “a source with knowledge of studio negotiations on franchise films,” Cavill did not earn this much for just one film. It is more likely that he and Gadot both signed deals similar to Chris Evans in Captain America, where they earn lower amounts for earlier films in the franchise.
Getty Images
On Sunday, Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan and Patriots backup quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo will be on opposite sidelines in Super Bowl LI. Next season, could they be on the same team in San Francisco?
Shanahan, the next head coach of the 49ers, told the Cleveland Plain Dealer that he liked Garoppolo heading into the 2014 NFL draft, when Shanahan was the Browns' offensive coordinator and they chose Johnny Manziel in the first round. The Patriots took Garoppolo in the second round that year.
Of course, it's easy for Shanahan to say now that he liked Garoppolo better than Manziel. When a draft pick fails as spectacularly as Manziel, everyone in an organization is quick to deflect the blame. But Shanahan says he thought heading into the draft that Garoppolo was the real deal.
“He was a very good thrower,” Shanahan said of Garoppolo. “Tough guy, kept his eyes down the field, could get rid of the ball fast. Really liked the person. Had a chance to go out to dinner with him and stuff. He played at Eastern Illinois, and it was a different type of offense where you can't always evaluate with how quick they get rid of the ball. But I really thought he was a very intelligent, tough player with a good throwing motion.”
How much would the 49ers be willing to give up in a trade to acquire Garoppolo from the Patriots? That remains to be seen. But the Patriots will undoubtedly field many offers for Garoppolo in the offseason. And one may come from the 49ers.
AN embarrassing oversight has seen Premier Campbell Newman pocket the same salary as US President Barack Obama.
Acting Premier Jeff Seeney says the revelation has made him, and almost everybody, feel very uncomfortable and the government will reign its wage bill back in.
Mr Seeney admitted he has been caught out unaware and didn't fully understand the pay rise he announced last week while Mr Newman holidayed in Vietnam.
Details of the salary increases were published by the clerk of parliament in a 72-page document late on Monday.
It revealed that extra loadings MPs receive for being on committees or serving as ministers would also be linked to the $57,000 hike in base pay.
"It is an obscure linkage I wasn't aware of," Mr Seeney admitted, without offering an apology.
That means, from July 1 Mr Newman's salary rose by $120,000 to $398,000.
That's on par with the US president, and just $70,000 less than Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.
Mr Seeney, who usually serves as deputy, pockets an extra $100,000 and ministers $90,000 more.
The government will "almost inevitably" reduce the pay rise at the next sitting week of parliament in August.
"We will be considering what changes need to made to produce an outcome which is a little bit more comfortable than the one which has been produced," Mr Seeney said.
MPs are expected to keep the $57,000 base pay rise, but the extra hikes for office bearers are likely to be scrapped or reduced.
It is also not clear whether the government would de-couple state MP salaries from their federal counterparts.
Mr Seeney said one option could be to set up a new independent tribunal.
The Queensland Council of Unions president John Battams said the government has failed to coherently explain the way forward and questioned its handling of state finances.
"It's been a bungle from start to finish. It's a political disaster," he said.
"On one hand they have inflicted austerity measures on the state, but on the other let such a huge pay rise occur."
Opposition Leader Annastacia Palaszczuk asked for cabinet documents to be released to see whether it's "amateur hour" or "extreme greed" driving the decision.
The premier, who returns from holiday on Thursday, must also declare if he has confidence in Mr Seeney.
Mr Seeney announced the pay rise last week after Crown Law warned that a 2009 wage freeze by former Premier Anna Bligh was unlawful and had forced MPs' pay to slip too far behind their federal counterparts.
State MP wages should be just $500 less.
The government has promised to offset any wage increase by slashing electoral and political party funding.
Why Are Women So Emotional?
Dan Bacon is a dating and relationship expert and the author of The Flow , an eBook that teaches you the easiest way to get laid or get a girlfriend. Dan has been helping new men succeed with women for more than 14 years.Founder and CEO of TheModernMan.com
A woman's brain chemistry is wired different to a man's.
It's just how nature works and when you look at it from a big picture perspective, you will see that the differences in men and women are a good thing for this world and also for you as an individual man.
The Female Effect
Generally speaking, men don't place as much importance on the things that women tend to get emotional about.
For example: A man might see that someone is feeling a painful emotion, but he won't feel an instinctive need to comfort that person like a woman would.
As long as he is achieving his goals or getting what he wants, he can turn a blind eye and not care.
I'm talking in general terms here of course.
Many men do think, feel and behave like women do.
That's not what I'm talking about here though.
I'm talking about the general differences between masculine men (i.e. men who are not like women) and feminine women.
So, back to the example…
While a typical man won't really care about the painful emotions of other people, a woman will tend to feel sorry for the person and want to do something about it.
Of course, I am saying “generally speaking” here because there are some mean, heartless women out there who don't care about anyone.
However, for the most part, what you will find is that women are much more compassionate and caring than most men.
It's partly because of so many women saying, “Hey, that's not fair!” about so many things that the modern world has become so tolerant and free.
Before women had a voice in society, men ruled the world and essentially killed anyone who didn't believe in what they did.
Of course, there have always been nice, loving, caring, feeling men who have fought for change, tolerance and love.
However, for the most part, when it was just men ruling the world, there was less compassion, tolerance and love for fellow human beings.
If you look back in history, you will see that men led the way to protest about race-mixing, men beat up homosexuals and men attacked and even killed people of different races.
Of course, some women got involved and supported those men, but in almost all cases, women never lead the way to violence and intolerance.
Generally speaking, women are wired differently than men and as a result, they look at things from a different perspective and tend to think, feel, behave and act in a different way.
Women do get caught up in the bad things that men do though.
Think of what happened with Nazi Germany.
Women supported what was going on.
Yet, they didn't initiate it.
Women tend to go along with what men are doing, unless women have a respected voice in society.
Think about how women helped to change the workplace.
Before women entered the workforce, almost all managers and bosses were men and they tended to run their companies like machines.
Employees essentially had no rights and the bosses and managers didn't care if things weren't fair for them.
As long as too many employees didn't die on the job, everything was fine.
Yet, when women joined the workforce and became respected, they started fighting for fairness, care, love, respect and a more family-like environment.
That doesn't mean that women are better than men.
Just different.
All the changes that women have help make over the past 200 years is what I call The Female Effect on society.
It's a powerful thing and a lot of it has to do with the fact that woman's brain is wired differently to a man.
She has a different brain chemistry, which causes her to think, feel, behave and act differently than a man.
Without The Female Effect, life would be a lot colder, meaner and more ruthless.
This doesn't mean that women are better than men though.
It just means that women are just as important as men in this world.
Men have got the world to a certain point, women joined in as leaders and we are now developing the world together.
Men have always been important and still are.
For example: If it weren't for men, you wouldn't be reading this article now on the computer or handheld device that you're looking at.
Women didn't invent computers, invent cars and planes or build huge international businesses.
Men did all that and now women are able to join in and add in The Female Effect.
Men and women are just as important as each other and we both have a key role to play in the world and in our personal relationships.
For example: As a man, you must ensure that you allow your woman to think, behave and act like a feminine woman.
She might be used to acting in a more manly way to do well in her career or deal with modern life, but when in a romantic, sexual relationship, she still wants a man who has the ability to make her feel like a real woman (i.e. feminine, girly, free to be emotional).
So, bringing it all back to title of this article, “Why are women so emotional?” let's get something very clear right now…
Always look at women as being different to men.
Women are not men.
Many modern women may act like men these days, but they are not men.
Women are still women and to have a successful relationship with a woman, you need to remember that and apply it.
For example: Some guys get annoyed at a woman's emotional outbursts and demand that she essentially think, feel, behave and act more like him (i.e. a man).
That's not what a woman wants.
A woman wants to feel free to be a woman (i.e. feminine, girly, emotional) rather than having to take on a more masculine energy and approach in her relationship with a guy.
So, in terms of a woman being emotional, you just have to accept that she will have her emotional outbursts at times because that is her nature.
Women are different to men.
She won't be exactly like you and that is okay.
Don't try to make her be like you.
She is not going to be a man for you.
Accept the emotional outbursts as part of her femininity.
The Emotional Outburst
If you've been asking yourself lately, “Why are women so emotional?” then you've probably been on the receiving end of an emotional outburst from a woman that just doesn't seem to make any sense to you.
A woman getting emotional around a man is often her way of testing you and forcing you to grow, change and evolve rather than just stay where you are right now.
Everything in the universe is in a constant state of change, even if that change happens over long periods of time.
The way that life is designed is that it forces us to do something, rather than to stagnate and be the same thing forever.
You either go with the flow or the flow eats you up and spits you out.
It's a woman's nature to not let men get complacent.
For example: One minute a woman will say, “I love you…I just want to sit on the couch and watch TV with you forever” and a day or two later, she will say, “I'm bored…why do you want to watch so much TV? You're so lazy! I hate my life.”
To a man, it doesn't make much sense why a woman would change her mind so easily to be so happy one minute and so bored the next.
Yet, that is the natural programming of women.
Women are designed to be restless, which is why religious monks have typically always been men.
Of course, Catholic nuns are an exception, but that was something that was forced on women in earlier times, rather than it being something they all aspired to.
I know this personally because my mother was sent away to be a nun in Ireland when she was in her teens.
She hated it and was always rebelling against the system.
She was restless and didn't want to live a life of quiet servitude.
She wanted to be free to be a woman, a mother and everything else that came along with that.
If you look at religious monks around the world, you will see that throughout history, it has pretty much always been men doing it.
The majority of women couldn't think of anything worse than having to sit along with their thoughts forever.
On the other hand, many men loved to be alone with their thoughts to ponder the deeper and more complicated side to life.
It was a dignified life to live as a man.
Since women were so oppressed and lacked rights, they often submitted to a life of servitude as a nun and enjoyed it.
However, it was never a case of women leading humanity into celibacy or social isolation.
That was The Male Effect on society back then.
Not any more of course.
Today's world is less about philosophy and more about doing.
There are so many things to do, so many possibilities and so many options that being alone and devoting oneself to a religion just doesn't happen as much in the developed world anymore.
One of the biggest enjoyments of men is fixing problems.
It's a rewarding process for a man to see a problem, work on it and then fix it.
Hence why pretty much everything has been invented by men and why most men work in fixer jobs (e.g. plumber, mechanic, engineer).
Of course, feminist women reading this won't like what I am saying because they tend to want to be just like men.
However, it's just how life is.
Women are different to men.
Women are not men.
Some women are like men and some women want to be men, but women are women.
In terms of men being the inventors and fixers (up until recently, where women have gotten involved and become leaders and changers), it's just how nature has played out.
Throughout history and even to this day, the majority of women just want to use the fixed thing or the invented technology, rather than fixing it or creating it themselves.
Generally speaking, women don't want to spend a lot of time thinking about solutions, which is why approximately 80% of engineers are men.
The 20% of women who are engineers either have more of a masculine mind (e.g. butch lesbian, transgender), or they were raised by a father who never had any sons and showed more love for his daughter when she thought, behaved and acted like a guy.
Feminist women won't like reading that, but it's just how things work.
Most women don't want to think, feel, behave and act like men.
Most women just want to be women and in many cases, that involves a woman being more emotional and emotionally sensitive than a man.
Modern women may act like they are as tough and emotionally bulletproof as masculine men, but most of them aren't.
For example:
Women are reported to experience depression at twice the rate of men in the USA.
In the UK, 40% of women will require treatment for depression at some point in their life compared to only 10% of men. In other words, women are more depressed than men.
Women are twice as likely to experience anxiety compared to men.
60% of the people who have OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorders) and phobias are women.
Most women are insecure about their physical appearance. According to a global study conducted by Dove cosmetics, 96% of women don't consider themselves to be beautiful.
The above statistics show that although women are now an active part of leading modern society, they aren't as strong as they seem to be on the surface.
So, it's only natural that a woman will tend to be more emotional than a man.
Many women act like they are as strong as men, but the statistics don't lie.
Women are more emotionally sensitive than men and as a result, they are more emotional than men (generally speaking of course).
These days, a lot of guys have adopted a more feminine approach to life and as a result, they are finding it difficult to attract women into a relationship or keep a woman in a relationship.
Free video reveals how ordinary guys get laid or get a girlfriend by using a simple approach that works instantly on all kinds of women... Yes, I want free tips via email from Dan Bacon. I can unsubscribe at anytime with a click. Privacy policy
The Gassy Gnoll: How I Came to Love/Hate Combat (RPG Blog Carnival, April 2012)
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
As a Gnoll, there's a part of me that loves combat. The Gnoll wading into the thick of battle protected by nothing more than the hair on his back and a thin layer of hide armor. The Gnoll slicing through enemies with a blade, a club, or bare claws, glee and blood lust in his eyes. The Gnoll seeking vengeance for wrongs against him or simply protecting what's his.
And on the other end is the kinder gentler me. The Gnoll who's just as happy sleeping sprawled out in the sun without a care in the world. The Gnoll who loves to dance, eat, and make merry with his companions. The Gnoll who would rather see what adventures lie just around the next bend instead of wondering what enemies lie there in wait.
Ravyn @ Exchange of Realities is hosting the April 2012 RPG Blog Carnival and it's a good one… Combat avoidance. Most of us have encountered it ourselves or with others at gaming tables around the world. Do we simply get tired of fighting the older we get? Is it the mechanics of combat that get old? Are there simply days where players or the GM just doesn't have their heart set on battling through a 10-30 round combat that takes an hour or three to resolve before moving on to other parts of the story?
These are all great questions. And I don't have many answers. But let me tell you a couple of tales of my experiences with players who had battle lust whether it was needed or not and I'll finish up with a bit of a ramble about my own take on things and some possible ways to avoid discord in the group when this kind of thing comes up.
First, let me talk about a campaign I played in just a few years ago with a relatively new player to tabletop RPGs, but who had experience with console- and computer-based RPGs. He was playing a monk at the time – a character who should have been some form of neutral (whether “True” or Lawful I don't remember). And in social encounters, he did try to hold to a certain amount of balance, following the law, trying to do what was right, and accomplishing his own side quest to retrieve an item for his temple. (Think a more Eastern, martial-arts monk than a Christian one.)
But in combat he flipped a switch and went for the kill more times than I can remember, which was completely at odds with the other half of his character's persona. There was a glee in combat that just didn't fit. And it didn't stop when combat was over, as he got a bit of “loot fever” and would try very hard to get as much of it (items, gold, whatever) as was his cut of the total. From my perspective, this was due to the influence of CRPGs, where you were forced to pick up every item of worth after a battle and sell it to gain in levels, better items, or simply for the gold involved.
If he had roleplayed in combat like he did in social encounters, I could have divorced the loot-happy behavior from the character and attributed it entirely to the player I think. But that wasn't the way it presented and he was a bit schizophrenic throughout that entire campaign. Still fun to play with, but a bit difficult at times.
Second, let me talk about an experience I had just this past weekend. We had a player who's never played a 4E Striker in any campaigns (apparently long before I joined the group) and was excited to play a new Rogue-like character in Zeitgeist. This character apparently is a heck of a shot with a rifle (think Steampunk/4E with guns) and, with his very first action, shot first in an encounter where we were really trying to use non-lethal means to deal with a situation. (We are constables attempting to apprehend potential evil-doers before they could disturb the day's festivities.) He took several other shots and eventually killed one of the five criminals outright with a critical shot.
Now, this was a bit different of a situation. Though my character (and myself) disagreed with his actions as excessive, he was playing in character and gleefully doing his job. The player was excited to be playing a different type of character and the character was simply doing what he felt the situation required even if the rest of the party took issue with it. We didn't really have time to discuss it in the heat of the moment and that's just how combat goes.
These two situations show two different aspects of combat in RPGs however. The first showed a player who was excited about combat and dropped any pretense at roleplaying to embrace it fully. The second showed a player excited about combat but stayed in character the whole time to embrace it fully. Though I think both may have been excessive, it all has to do with the style of playing the player chooses to use. I'm sure I'll see more of the second case with this new campaign and I am excited to have the opportunity to roleplay discussions about toning down the violence, coming up with tactics appropriate to each situation, and simply using a bit more common sense. Those chats ought to be quite entertaining.
Third, let's look at my own perspective on combat. I used to GM all the time and got burned out on combat when I had a couple of players in a campaign take advantage of the freedom I allowed in a sandbox campaign. No matter
which approach I took, they managed to find the loopholes and worm their way out of it. Eventually I decided the campaign wasn't worth it and gave up. That was probably 15 years ago now and I haven't done much GMing since. But all that GMing and battle with the PCs wore me out.
As a result, most of my characters are typically not combat monsters. I played a rogue that was a bit crazy and would come unhinged when he saw slavers (he was an escaped slave himself). I had a philosophical wizard in a Palladium Fantasy campaign that was eventually disemboweled by a Wolfen on a lonely mountain top. And of late I'm playing a warlock and now a fighter in 4E. This is the first fighter I've played in a couple of decades. And I'm playing him as a strong, silent-type – a veteran of the most recent war. He's assessing his team and looking for ways to contribute.
Since I'm usually combat-averse, how will I deal with this character? Through roleplaying and backstory… He's retired from the military to become a constable. But that's so he can stay on the front lines. He has survivor's guilt and will charge into the fray to save people without thinking about the personal consequences of his actions. He will throw himself on the grenade to save his fellow party members or someone under his protection. And he will do it until he dies in the attempt or is physically unable to do it – which means he might as well be dead. So far he's been lucky. But will his luck hold out?
That's my approach to combat avoidance. His view on the world will direct his tactics in a constant feedback loop. Every battle becomes another opportunity to test his mettle and see if he'll survive another day or meet his fallen comrades in the afterlife.
So that's my first tip for dealing with combat avoidance at the table. Ultimately it should be dealt with on a personal level. The player or GM should deal with it individually unless it becomes a bigger issue that has to be brought up and discussed as a group.
Here's the list with that and a few other ideas:
Find a way to embrace combat through roleplaying. Some nugget of backstory or a reason that drives them to fight when they must. If combat avoidance becomes an issue at the table, poll the players at the table to see who's spoiling for a fight and who isn't. As GM, make sure you have at least one prepped non-combat encounter as well as a combat encounter every session that you can pull out when needed. Model your PC's combat style after a favorite character in a book, on TV, or in the movies. Though it may be out of sync, have your meek gnomish illusionist fight like Wolverine. Or have your big burly fighter talk like The Man in Black from Princess Bride during combat to throw opponents off. Find some icon to bring some roleplaying to each encounter, adventure, or campaign. When you find the right one, keep it! Tempt fate occasionally. Number your different combat-applicable abilities and roll a die to determine which one you're going to use. Roll randomly, come up with a brief description of why that particular ability is being used, and use it with gusto! Great way to vary your strategy so you don't always use the same attacks.
I'm sure there are others, but there's four for you to ponder. What ways do YOU use to keep combat fresh and interesting?
Thanks go to Ravyn @ Exchange of Realities for this blog carnival topic. It's one I hadn't really pondered until now even though it's something I've dealt with for years!
Related articles
Like this: Like Loading...
Russia Using Internet Censorship Laws To Block Websites Of Opposition Candidate, Independent Media
from the because-that's-how-they-roll dept
A few years ago, we noted that Russia was pushing new internet censorship laws , officially to "protect the children." Of course, everyone knew that was a bogus reason, and the laws were used to silence reporters who were critical of the government as well as a bunch of blogs . It appears that the political censorship is ratcheting up even more with reports that the the blog of opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been blocked , along with a number of independent news sites That alone began getting some attention, and it appears that the Russian government followed it up by trying to play whac-a-mole with a variety of news sites, even taking down access to a radio station's website because it had posted a mirror of Navalny's blog.The reason given for blocking the other media websites was that the "websites contain calls to illegal activity and participation in mass events that are conducted contrary to the established order." As for the blocking of Navalny's blog, which is updated by his wife, the government is claiming that since Navalny is under house arrest with orders not to communicate publicly, this blog violates that order, and therefore it's appropriate to censor it.These excuses ring rather hollow for obvious reasons. And so far it certainly seems like this latest attempt at widespread censorship is, of course, calling a lot more attention to both the censorship attempt and what it was they're so eager to hide. In fact, Russians appear to be quickly routing around the censorship , because that's what you have to do in a country that regularly tries to censor what you can read.
Filed Under: alexei navalny, censorship, free speech, journalism, media, russia, websites
If you've ever wanted to ask NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden a question, you might get your chance on Thursday, January 23 at 3 PM ET/12 PM Pacific. The man who revealed the startling revelations about the NSA's Prism program and cell phone metadata collection—and inspired a slew of security-focused apps and services—is lining up for his second official question and answer session tomorrow.
Thursday's virtual town hall meeting is Snowden's second public Q&A, following one hosted by The Guardian and moderated by Glenn Greenwald last June. This time around Snowden will answer questions on freesnowden.is, a leading advocacy site for the whistleblower.
Anyone who wants to submit questions must ask them on Twitter starting Thursday using the hashtag #AskSnowden. Snowden's responses will be logged on the Free Snowden site.
Snowden is also expected to respond to President Barack Obama's speech on NSA reforms last Friday, though not necessarily during the live chat session.
Better the second time?
The Guardian 's original Snowden Q&A was criticized by some as being a PR exercise where the public learned little of real value about the former NSA contractor, so it's something of an open question whether the NSA leaker will satisfy questioning minds this time around.
ProPublica Senior Editor Scott Klein said on Twitter after the last Q&A that the “Snowden chat was handled like [a] Soviet gymnast's press conference.” Tom Watson, a Forbes Contributor and New York University instructor, also took to Twitter with a Russian-themed crack, saying he'd "seen scripted Presidential "town halls" that were less Potemkin Village-like than this so-called #askSnowden 'chat.'"
Snowden is currently living in Russia, where he was granted a one-year asylum in August after the U.S. revoked his passport while he was en route to Cuba.
As they say the only good Kenny is a Dead Kenny (or maybe they don't). The punching bag of the fantastic four South Park crew Kenny will be available next week in a special “Dead Kenny” edition. He is the first South Park 4th grader of the collaboration between South Park and Kidrobot. As fans of South Park know, Kenny spent a good part of the first few seasons of the show dying in every episode. From decapitations to being hit by moving vehicles, it seems Kenny just can't catch a break. Although his mysterious power of immortality keeps him coming back from the dead, it doesn't keep him from being beaten, battered and bruised. Dead Kenny is molded to look as mauled as he ever did in the show. Even with a black eye, exposed brains, and a detachable arm, he can still keep one eye open and hope that the next day will still leave him with enough limbs to die another day. Dead Kenny will be available on the week of July 17th for $10.99.
Andrew Loewen can wobble and he won't fall down — even in full goalie equipment.
A video of the Winnipeg native, who plays hockey for the Columbus Cottonmouths, a professional hockey team based in Columbus, Georgia, has gone viral in YouTube.
In it, Loewen is seen shaking his padding just off ice, in the Zamboni tunnel, along with the Columbus cheerleaders and mascot.
The crew's Wobble line dance, to Wobble Baby by V.I.C., happened during the second intermission of a Southern Professional Hockey League game on March 15. It was shot by someone and posted online the next day and has since been viewed more than 600,000 times.
Loewen, 29, posted on Twitter that he can't believe the popularity of the video.
"I've been wobbling during the 2nd int for the past 2 years when backing up at home. I guess no one ever posted it," he wrote.
A clip of the dance even made it to air on Hockey Night in Canada this past Saturday.
Loewen, who attended Vincent Massey Collegiate in Winnipeg, credits his dance classes at the school for his smooth moves.
And he credits being a Canadian kid with the ability to do those moves on skates.
"You kind of get the hang of it and it may look like good talent but it's one of those things where I've been doing it long enough that I've managed to figure out my edges and know how to move with it," he told CBC News in an interview on Monday.
Loewen played for the Neepawa Natives of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League in the 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons and the MJHL's Winnipeg South Blues in 2005-06.
As NIH director, Elias Zerhouni was a great champion of "translational research" that would get academics into the business of trying to make drugs rather than doing basic research like identifying drug targets. Now that he's the head of R&D at Sanofi Aventis, he seems to be realizing that discovering drugs is harder than it sounds:
Derek Lowe adds:
With a lot of these things, if you're going to first really understand them, you could have a couple of decades' wait on your hands, and that's if things go well. More likely, you'll end up doing what we've been doing: taking your best shot with what's known at the moment and hoping that you got something right. Which leads us to the success rates we have now.
On the other hand, maybe Zerhouni should just call up Marcia Angell or Donald Light, so that they can set him straight on the real costs of drug R&D. Why should we listen to a former head of the NIH who's now running a major industrial research department, when we can go to the folks who really know what they're talking about, right? And I'd also like to know what he thinks of Francis Collins' plan for a new NIH translational research institute, too, but we may not get to hear about that. . .
In general, be skeptical of arguments that there are fabulous savings in money and efficiency to be gained by "eliminating the middleman". The phrase is a favorite with infomercial hucksters for a reason--it's the sort of thing that sounds really plausible and intuitive. But in fact, since most people don't like paying more than they have to for their goods and services, and producers do not willingly give up a share of the profits, if there's a middleman in a market, he's usually there for a reason.
Of course, sometimes that reason goes away. The computers that are replacing travel and real estate agents, for example, are arguably delivering better service at lower cost, and I expect that both professions will eventually reconstitute themselves as consultants for those who want them--advising buyers on neighborhoods and carrying costs, helping sellers file the correct paperwork and set the price.
But you shouldn't get excited about replacing the middleman unless you understand what function they serve, and have a plausible plan for replacing it. As G.K. Chesterton once wrote
In the matter of reforming things, as distinct from deforming them, there is one plain and simple principle; a principle which will probably be called a paradox. There exists in such a case a certain institution or law; let us say, for the sake of simplicity, a fence or gate erected across a road. The more modern type of reformer goes gaily up to it and says, "I don't see the use of this; let us clear it away." To which the more intelligent type of reformer will do well to answer: "If you don't see the use of it, I certainly won't let you clear it away. Go away and think. Then, when you can come back and tell me that you do see the use of it, I may allow you to destroy it."
This paradox rests on the most elementary common sense. The gate or fence did not grow there. It was not set up by somnambulists who built it in their sleep. It is highly improbable that it was put there by escaped lunatics who were for some reason loose in the street. Some person had some reason for thinking it would be a good thing for somebody. And until we know what the reason was, we really cannot judge whether the reason was reasonable. It is extremely probable that we have overlooked some whole aspect of the question, if something set up by human beings like ourselves seems to be entirely meaningless and mysterious. There are reformers who get over this difficulty by assuming that all their fathers were fools; but if that be so, we can only say that folly appears to be a hereditary disease. But the truth is that nobody has any business to destroy a social institution until he has really seen it as an historical institution. If he knows how it arose, and what purposes it was supposed to serve, he may really be able to say that they were bad purposes, that they have since become bad purposes, or that they are purposes which are no longer served. But if he simply stares at the thing as a senseless monstrosity that has somehow sprung up in his path, it is he and not the traditionalist who is suffering from an illusion.
Midlemen are usually performing some valuable service for either customer or producer, or more usually both: price discovery, or bundling, or branding/quality assurance, or knowledge of local markets, or convenience, or some other expertise--something that makes producers willing to give them a cut of the profits. The proponents of the "real research" story seem to believe that in the case of pharma, that service is simply greed--academics are too busy doing the important research to bother themselves with trifles.
But if you think carefully about this, it is self refuting. What it tells you is that translating basic research into a drug involves something that academics aren't doing--something they prefer not to do. Things like turning their discovery into a product that a) hits the target b) in a dose that doesn't kill the human c) in a form that can be preferably be dosed orally or topically d) can be reliably and cost-effectively synthesized on a large scale and e) doesn't degrade without a team of dedicated lab acolytes on constant watch. This is maybe not as sexy or fun as academic research (pharma researchers feel free to weigh in here) . . . which would explain why it pays better; it would have to, to attract people into the field.
Unless academics are suddenly going to start doing all that stuff, we're going to need pharma, or some other middleman that looks a lot like pharma. Don't get me wrong--I think there's plenty wrong in the biotech field, and I'm certainly not suggesting that pharma is some sort of platonic free-market ideal which has already been led by incentives to the perfected heaven of the invisible hand. But I also assume that the reason that no one has solved Pharma's current woes is that they're probably pretty hard to solve.
I think it's fair to say that industry researchers have a bit of a chip on their shoulder about academics. But I also think it's fair to say that the academics have done a lot to put (and keep) that chip there. The op-ed or magazine piece claiming that the "real" pharmaceutical research is all done in government and university labs, with pharma just swooping in at the end to smack a label on the thing and stack all their money in neat piles, is an evergreen. The truth is that the human body is complicated, finding good drugs is hard, and the regulatory hurdles make it harder every year.
Nine-Inch Nails Sells Out Of $300 Deluxe Edition In Under Two Days
from the that-was-fast dept
Yesterday we wrote about Trent Reznor launching his new Nine Inch Nails album online with a variety of interesting options that people could choose to buy. The top of the list, for $300, was a "Ultra-Deluxe Limited Edition Package" that included all the high quality downloads, two CDs, a data DVD, a Blu-ray high def DVD and assorted extras, all in a nice package signed by Reznor. This was only limited to the first 2,500 people. While some scoffed at the price of this package, it was clearly designed for NIN's biggest fans -- and they ate it up. Mike Linksvayer points out that this option is now sold out , meaning that Reznor grossed $750,000 in just a couple of days on that package alone, not taking into account any of the other packages that many more people likely bought into.Now, before some people start complaining that this will only work for big name bands , there's an easy response to that: these days, the way toa big band is to get your music out there. Newer bands can easily give away music as a promotion to get attention, build up a following, and throw in these types of options as they get bigger. Besides, smaller, less-well-known acts still have plenty of other offerings they can use to make money, even as a smaller band.
Filed Under: business model, music, nine-inch nails, sold out, trent reznor
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Beatles played at The Cavern Club almost 300 times over two-and-a-half years
Former Cavern Club owner Ray McFall, who helped launch the careers of The Beatles, has died at the age of 88.
McFall owned the Liverpool club in the 1960s, changing it from a jazz venue to a rock 'n' roll club and booking Merseybeat bands like The Beatles.
The Fab Four went on to play at the legendary basement venue 292 times.
"It was Ray who opened it up to those early Merseybeat sessions, which led to the whole Merseybeat explosion," said Jon Keats, a director of the Cavern.
"It was completely his vision that moved the club forward, with what turned into the huge Merseybeat explosion and The Beatles' success and Gerry and the Pacemakers and all the main bands.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption By 1966, The Beatles had moved on and the club was forced to close
"He changed The Cavern completely and allowed the rock 'n' roll into the club."
McFall took over the club in 1959 and, with compare Bob Wooler, opened it up to the city's young rock 'n' roll bands.
The Beatles first performed there in a lunchtime session on 9 February 1961 - but their legendary association with the club almost did not happen.
McFall had banned jeans from the club because he thought they signified a rough crowd. Guitarist George Harrison wore jeans to that first gig but managed to persuade the doorman to let him in.
McFall was not pleased at first - but was soon won over when he saw the band perform.
"The Beatles were sensational and I was smitten," he later said. "Completely, Absolutely, Instantly.
"I stood at the side, between the pillars, about halfway up the hall, and as soon as they started playing I was captivated by them.
"From that very first day, there was no stopping them. I said to Bob: 'What other lunchtimes have they got? We must have them regularly.'"
The venue also hosted gigs by The Rolling Stones, The Yardbirds, John Lee Hooker and Howlin' Wolf. But in 1966, McFall was declared bankrupt and the Cavern Club was forced to close.
In 1973, the cellar was filled in but the club was rebuilt near the original site and opened again in 1984.
Knicks star Kristaps Porzingis dropped a comment on Instagram beauty and Sports Illustrated stunner Abigail Ratchford's page after she posted photos of her sexy red ensemble, showing off her figure from the front and back. Using two sets of emoji eyes, Porzingis' remark didn't go unnoticed by Ratchford, who not only replied with the same set of emoji eyes and a kiss, but opened the floodgates to hundreds of other commenters.
“My man's @kporzee is trying to slide in the DMs what's up?” one user wrote.
“@kporzee if you don't smash the knicks will never win a title,” penned another.
“@kporzee doesn't slide in the dms. He powers forward through them,” a commenter shared.
While it remains to be seen if either Ratchford, 25, or Porzingis, 21, sent the other a personal message following the first exchange, it seems Porzingis could be the model's type as she's been linked to a few young and famous men.
Speculation surrounding her relationship with Johnny Manziel sparked last spring, after TMZ caught the pair leaving a Hollywood nightclub together. She has also dated Jamie Iovine, the son of film producer Jimmy Iovine.
Though Porzingis keeps much of the details of his personal life under wraps, he did let it slip he's made time for select ladies.
“I mean you always gotta find a little bit of time for the girls, right? But there's nothing serious really. Nothing too serious,” Porzingis dished in an interview with GQ last year. “I haven't been that social yet, and I have been mostly focusing on basketball, but when I have a little more time I might to have to meet some new people.”
Rhys Hoskins hit two three-run home runs on against the Flying Squirrels (32-52) on Tuesday night to lead the Fightin Phils (61-24) to a 9-7 win. It's his second two home run game and six RBI game of the season. He hit two home runs on 6/4 vs. New Hampshire and had six RBIs on 6/14 at Hartford.
Richmond wasted no time getting on the scoreboard in the bottom of the first as C.J. Hinojosa hit a one-out, RBI double off Ricardo Pinto to take a 1-0 lead. Chris Shaw hit a sacrifice fly off Pinto to extend Richmond's lead to 2-0 in the bottom of the third. Richmond extended their lead to 4-0 in the bottom of the fourth as Steve Lerud and Darren Ford scored on a fielder's choice.
The Fightin Phils took a 6-4 lead over Richmond in the top of the fifth. Jorge Alfaro walked with the bases loaded as Christian Marrero scored the first run of the inning. Dylan Cozens followed with a two single then Hoskins hit a three-run home run. The home run for Hoskins was his 23rd. Flying Squirrels starter Tyler Beede left the game with two outs.
Richmond tied the game at 6-6 in the bottom of the sixth. Pinto left the game after facing three batters. Joely Rodriguez (6-0) entered the game in relief of Pinto. Hoskins struck again in the top of the seventh as he hit belted another three-run home run. The home run came off Tyler Mizenko and gave Reading a 9-6 lead.
Rodriguez left the game in the bottom of the eighth with a runner on and one out. Hoby Milner came into the game to pitch in relief. He gave up a single and a sacrifice fly before striking out Christian Arroyo to end the inning. Milner earned his fourth save of the season as he pitched 1 2/3 innings in relief to earn his fourth save of the season.
The Fightin Phils and Richmond Flying Squirrels continue their series at The Diamond on Wednesday. First pitch is at 7:05 pm. Fans can listen to the game on Sports Radio AM 1240/FM 98.5 and fightins.com beginning at 6:35 pm.
Tickets for the 2016 season are available online at Fightins.com, by phone at 610-370-BALL, and in-person at FirstEnergy Stadium.
About three months after Mizzou pulled off a miniature recruiting coup — getting all 10 members of a loaded set of early in-state offers to town at the same time for an unofficial visit — the always-a-longshot goal of landing all 10 has begun to disintegrate.
First, Cameron Brown committed to Nebraska. This one was a bit of a surprise because of its timing — Brown seemed like one Mizzou felt reasonably comfortable about for a while, and suddenly he was done. (Well, “done.” You can't sign anywhere for a few more months, but he was at least done enough to file his NU reservation.)
Then came a pair of blows on Tuesday. Mario Goodrich, long considered a Nebraska lean (it was assumed that he would be the first to commit elsewhere), finally pulled the trigger and committed to NU as well.
Then, later in the evening, Daniel Carson listed his top 11, and Mizzou didn't make the cut.
No interviews please. Respect my Decisions! pic.twitter.com/g2k0f68Axw — Daniel Carson ® (@sports__finest) May 24, 2017
Unlike Brown, it had become clear for a while that these two weren't holding Mizzou in particularly high regard. But the double blow of confirmation still stung a bit.
No matter what Barry Odom and his staff are trying to sell, Mizzou is, for another four months at least, the team that won nine games over its last two years. And any immediate “What if...” effects of getting the “Tiger 10” to campus wore out when recruiters from every other school on these players' list reminded them of that.
As I wrote in the Cameron Brown post, “nothing is binding, and a happy fall in Columbia would still put the Tigers in good shape. If you're Barry Odom and company, that has to be the focus.” There's nothing saying the Tigers can't get back involved with these players if they win enough games in 2017. But the more attrition that occurs before the fall, the more of a longshot landing even five of the Tiger 10 becomes.
The good news, as it were, is that the players at the top of the in-state list are taking their time. Goodrich and Brown are the No. 6 and 7 players in the Tiger 10, according to the 247Sports Composite, and Carson is No. 9. Goodrich is a four-star guy, but Mizzou is in on out-of-state players with rankings similar to that of Brown and Carson. As with Brown, the damage from Goodrich and Carson is as symbolic as anything.
Meanwhile, none of the top five players — CBC receiver Kamryn Babb, Parkway North tackle Michael Thompson, Ritenour linebacker Ayodele Adeoye, Lutheran North defensive end Ronnie Perkins, or Chaminade tackle Trevor Trout — are expected to make significant cuts to their lists just yet.
That doesn't automatically mean good things for Mizzou, obviously. The offer lists for these five players are absurd. They can go anywhere they want. Still, if the goal is to play stall ball until you can prove yourself in the fall, then it's all you can hope for.
It's still early in the process , my focus is getting to mizzou and helping my team win ball games , we win games , recruits will stay home https://t.co/nbEaiGmsMC — Jamal Brooks (@jbroo26) May 24, 2017
So when might some good news happen for Mizzou in the recruiting realm?
Keep an eye on Arlington (Tex.) running back Jalen Knox. The 5'11, 185-pound mid-three-star guy has his Mizzou offer tweet pinned on his Twitter profile...
Blessed to receive an offer from the Missouri Tigers! #Mizzou ⚫️ pic.twitter.com/HTR14W4Jre — Jalen Knox (@JalenKnox9_) September 11, 2016
...and recently mentioned that he could be making a decision soon.
I've been saying that I was going to commit during this upcoming fall season but I'm thinking my decision is coming very soon — Jalen Knox (@JalenKnox9_) May 22, 2017
Either he's a strong Mizzou lean, or he's pulling off some impressive misdirection.
Knox lists offers from Baylor, Boise State, Illinois, Iowa State, Utah, and Wisconsin, among others. He would be a nice get, and some good news would be all sorts of welcome.
News in Science
Dad tunes into baby's cry same as mum
Paternal instinct Scientists have dealt a blow to folklore that says mothers are better than fathers in recognising their baby's cry.
The "maternal instinct" notion gained scientific backing more than three decades ago through two experiments, one of which found that women were nearly twice as accurate as men in identifying the cry of their offspring.
But the new study, reported today in the journal Nature Communications, shows men and women are equally skilled at this -- and accuracy depends simply on the amount of time that a parent spends with the child.
Scientists led by Nicolas Mathevon at the Université Jean Monnet Saint-Etienne recorded the cries of 29 babies aged between 58 and 153 days as the infants were being bathed.
Fifteen of the babies were in France and 14 in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The idea of sampling cries in Africa and Europe was to test whether local culture and family habits affected outcomes.
All the mothers, and half of the fathers, spent more than four hours a day with their baby. The other fathers spent less than four hours daily with the child.
The parents were asked to listen to a recording of three different cries from five babies of a similar age, one of which was their own. There were two sessions of experiments.
On average, the parents were 90 per cent accurate in identifying the cry of their own baby.
Accuracy improves with time
Mothers were 98 per cent accurate, and fathers who spent more than four hours with baby per day were 90 per cent accurate.
Fathers who spent less than four hours daily with the infant were only 75 per cent accurate.
Parents who were exposed to other babies each day -- a characteristic of the extended family in Africa -- were 82 per cent accurate.
The researchers say the "maternal instinct" hypothesis is flawed, as the studies from the late 1970s and early 1980s failed to take into account the amount of time the fathers spent with their kids.
In biological terms, men and women are "co-operative breeders", so the idea that one gender is better than the other at a basic mechanism to protect the baby is incongruous, they suggest.
"Both fathers and mothers can reliably and equally recognise their own baby from their cries," they write.
"The only crucial factor affecting this ability is the amount of time spent by the parent with their own baby."
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- No one expected Jalen Collins to retain his starting job from the end of last season, not with one-time Pro Bowler Desmond Trufant back from a pectoral injury.
But many believed Collins, a 2015 second-round draft pick from LSU, would remain in a backup cornerback role for the Atlanta Falcons going into 2017, considering he started the Super Bowl in place of Trufant.
Such hasn't been the case through the first five practices of training camp, and it's somewhat mysterious. During Tuesday's padded practice, Collins found himself on the field opposite undrafted rookie cornerback Jarnor Jones and lined up to cover undrafted rookie receiver Reginald Davis III. Collins was running with the third-string defense in this particular 11-on-11 drill, going against an offense directed by fourth-string quarterback and undrafted rookie Alek Torgersen.
The Falcons insist they're still optimistic on the potential of Jalen Collins despite the cornerback's fall on the depth chart during training camp. Brett Davis/USA TODAY Sports
And to think, Collins was on the field contending with Tom Brady about six months ago.
"Of course, it sucks," Collins told ESPN regarding his drop down the depth chart. "Everyone wants to be out there flying around and competing and stuff. But at the same time, it's not all about me. It's about my brothers and just trying to help those guys.
"It ain't nothing to be down about. ... I don't feel like it's a situation where they don't believe in me or don't trust me or anything like that. They're just trying to give everybody else some extra reps; guys that haven't been in situations like that."
Collins' defensive reps have been limited to start camp, and his reps with the bottom of the roster players have been definitely noticeable. Trufant and Robert Alford are the starters, and C.J. Goodwin and Deji Olatoye have been the two typically running with the second team. Akeem King, who was injured last season, has shown up more than Collins. And even starting nickelback Brian Poole has seen more reps outside at corner than Collins on certain days.
So what exactly is going on with Collins? Is he in the doghouse with the coaches for some reason?
"He's not getting as many [reps], and that's just from a coaching decision," coach Dan Quinn said. "There might be days when he gets more. So for me, we've got [18] guys back there. We're trying to work it all the way through. For me, tomorrow, it could be different."
Is Collins being disciplined for violating team or NFL rules? Remember, he came to the Falcons with some red flags after failing three drug tests at LSU. Once with the team, Collins was suspended without pay for the first four games of his second season for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.
Teams don't talk about whether a player failed a drug test, at least not publicly. The NFL office sends out news releases announcing suspensions related to such violations.
"It's nothing like that," Collins said, insisting no such trouble has led to his demotion. "It's strictly just trying to get guys with a little less experience, trying to get those guys their reps."
Collins mentioned multiple times, "I've been in this situation before." He was heavily criticized after starting just two games as a rookie despite talk of him having first-round talent. The Falcons raved about the 6-foot-1, 203-pound Collins' length and overall playmaking ability, but it didn't show up during his disappointing first year.
Then last year, Collins showed signs of promise after Trufant went down nine games into the season. Collins started six games during the regular season and had two interceptions. Then he started all three playoff games, although he regressed in a 34-28 overtime Super Bowl loss to New England.
There have been no whispers about the Falcons giving up on Collins or seeking to trade him. The preseason games might give him a chance to work his way back up the depth chart, whether that means making a splash play on defense or excelling on special teams.
Collins was asked if he expects to be on the 53-man roster to start the regular season.
"Yeah," he said. "I know everybody's out here trying to get better, and I know Coach has the team's best interest at hand. I'm just out here trying to help as much as I can.''
Quinn talked about where Collins needs to improve moving forward.
"From Jalen, we're always going to challenge him and play him outside quite a bit," Quinn said, "and so playing at the line of scrimmage and playing really aggressive there. And then finding his role on [special] teams, where he's a gunner. ... He's off to a good start. We're not down on him."
Tesla's stock price (TSLA) surged by 7% in after-hour trading after the release of its first quarter 2016 financial results. The reason for the surge wasn't as much about its earnings, but because of its new Build Plan.
The automaker announced that it is advancing its 500,000 units per year guidance by two years to 2018. Tesla says that the new production plan is in reaction to the over 400,000 Model 3 reservations it received since the unveiling last month.
While it's in reaction to the demand for the Model 3, the 500,000 units per year will also account for the production of Model S and X, but the Model 3 will represent the majority of its production capacity.
Tesla wrote in its shareholders letter:
We are on track to achieve volume Model 3 production and deliveries in late 2017. Of course, in order to meet that timeframe, we will be holding both ourselves and our suppliers accountable to be ready for volume production in advance of that timing. Additionally, given the demand for Model 3, we have decided to advance our 500,000 total unit build plan (combined for Model S, Model X, and Model 3) to 2018, two years earlier than previously planned. Increasing production five-fold over the next two years will be challenging and will likely require some additional capital, but this is our goal and we will be working hard to achieve it. We remain on plan to make the first cells at the Gigafactory in Q4 2016, and we are adjusting our plans there to accommodate our revised build plan. Our objective with Model 3 is to create the world's best car with a base price of $35,000, before any incentives, with a range of at least 215 miles on a single charge, and with strong gross margins. We plan to incorporate our best technology into Model 3, yet keep it relatively simple to build at high volume and with high quality.
The automaker also added that it believes the unveiling of Model 3, which is stimulating demand for all of its vehicles. It reported that Model S net orders rose 45% during the quarter compared to a year ago.
Musk revealed more details about the production plan during the following conference call.
Here's Tesla's Shareholders Letter in full: Q1_2016_Tesla_Shareholder_Letter
OAKLAND, California — Klay Thompson has been scoring points for two teams over the past three games — the Golden State Warriors and Northern California wildfire victims.
Thompson scored a team-high 29 points in the Warriors' 115-107 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night. The three-time NBA All-Star also pledged $1,000 for every point he scored in a three-game homestand from Oct. 25-29 with games against the Toronto Raptors (22 points), Washington Wizards (18) and the Pistons to benefit victims and communities affected by the recent Northern California wildfires. Thompson's three-game total of 69 points raised $69,000 for the Redwood Credit Union North Bay Fire Relief Fund.
“It feels great, not just for myself but for all the people who joined in and pledged,” Thompson said. “I saw some huge donations. Every big one counts so much, because I visited Santa Rosa and it's very sad to see what happened. I hope these funds really help out these families that are in desperate need.”
Containment of the Northern California wildfires, which are some of the worst in California history, is expected this week. According to Cal Fire, 42 people have died, nearly 9,000 homes have been destroyed and about 100,000 people were forced to evacuate in Northern California since firestorms began on Oct. 8. The dead were between ages 14 and 100, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. California Gov. Jerry Brown declared Oct. 28 a Day of Remembrance of the Northern California Fires and called for flags to be flown at half-staff over the State Capitol.
Thompson said he was stunned when he recently visited Santa Rosa, where nearly 3,000 homes were torched by the Tubbs Fire.
“I have never seen anything like it,” Thompson said. “Vegetation was dead everywhere, and houses were burned all the way to the foundation. It's nothing like I've ever have seen before. It's going to take years to recover.”
Detroit Pistons head coach Stan Van Gundy, a Bay Area native, said he paid close attention to the fires from afar and fortunately didn't have any friends affected by it.
“Everyone was paying attention to that. That was some scary stuff,” Van Gundy said.
Thompson, a Los Angeles-area native in his seventh season with the Warriors, believed it was important to do something to help the NorCal fire victims. Days before the Northern California firestorms began, residents in his Oakland Hills neighborhood were asked to evacuate because of a fire that was controlled. Although Thompson was not there, his brother, Mychel, evacuated.
“We had a fire near our house and we had to evacuate,” Mychel Thompson said. “It didn't burn any homes, but me and my dog evacuated. We only evacuated for six, seven hours. We just saw how much power a fire has.”
To say Klay Thompson comes from an extraordinary athletic family is an understatement.
Thompson's father, Mychal, was the No. 1 pick in the 1978 NBA draft by the Portland Trail Blazers and won two NBA titles with the Los Angeles Lakers. Klay Thompson, 27, has won two NBA championships with the Warriors and a gold medal with USA Basketball's 2016 Olympic team. Mychel Thompson, 29, played for the Cleveland Cavaliers during the 2012-13 season and also played professionally in the D-League and in Italy before retiring this year. Trayce Thompson, 26, is an outfielder for the National League champion Los Angeles Dodgers.
Mychel Thompson said he and his friend Seth Tarver, a former Oregon State star, are building the Thompson Family Foundation, which the entire family is involved with to be more active in charitable causes. Mychel Thompson added that he and Tarver recently went to Santa Rosa Cardinal Newman High to talk to students after the fire on Oct. 24. He added that through the family foundation they also plan to do a lot of charity work soon in Oakland.
“We are just trying to figure out ways to give back to the community,” Mychel Thompson said. “This [fire aid] is the first thing we got to help with.”
Said Klay Thompson: “I want to get more involved, absolutely.”
Klay Thompson said his agent, Greg Lawrence, gave him the idea of making a donation to aid Northern California fire victims. Thompson took it to the next level. He chose to partner with Redwood Credit North Bay Fire Relief Fund through a performance-based donation.
The Redwood Credit Union Bay Fire Relief Fund is accepting 100 percent tax-deductible financial donations to assist North Bay Area fire victims and aid relief efforts through the website www.pledgeit.org/klay. Aid will go to those affected in four Bay Area counties: Sonoma, Napa, Mendocino and Lake.
“My agent came up with the idea, but I came up with making it performance-based with the point thing,” Klay Thompson said. “But he initially told me it would be a great thing to do, especially when I'm trying to become more involved with the community, the Bay Area and the surrounding areas as well.”
Said Mychel Thompson: “The fire didn't discriminate. It infected the wealthy, the middle class and the poor. It really looked like a war. I've heard from so many people that propane gas tanks were exploding at every house and sounding like a bomb.”
Total pledges through Klay Thompson's Points with Purpose reached nearly $305,000 from nearly 100 donors late Sunday night. The goal is to raise $350,000 for the Redwood Credit Union North Bay Fire Relief Fund. There are five remaining days to make a pledge.
“I love that he is doing that on his own,” Warriors head coach Steve Kerr said. “It shows how much he cares. It shows how much he has matured over the years. This was something that he came up with. He's going for it. He's already contributed $40,000 and a lot more tonight. Let's hope he goes for about 60. That would be great.”
Said Van Gundy: “Anytime a player takes it upon themselves to give back, it's two things. Obviously, the money helps. That is a big part of it. But the publicity they get out of that and motivating other people also is just as, if not more, important.”
Thompson is the 2017 NBA 3-point contest champion, one of the league's most intimidating shooters and one of the top on-ball defenders. Much of the spotlight on the Warriors often goes to Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green, however, instead of the laid-back Thompson.
Kerr, however, called Thompson the Warriors' “most consistent player” through the first six games this season. Thompson has averaged 20.7 points, 4.3 rebounds and 2.8 assists with a 43.1 3-point shooting percentage. The 6-foot-7, 215-pounder has made a 3-pointer in 61 consecutive games, which is the NBA's longest streak, and has already guarded NBA All-Stars such as James Harden and John Wall.
“He's been our most consistent performer night in and night out,” Kerr said. “There is no way I would have said that three years ago. He had a lot of holes in his game. They were all, obviously, fixable because of his talent, his size and his strength. Most of it was mental. He's got that mental toughness now and focus to go along with his talent.”
And Thompson also has the heart to help the fire victims in the Bay Area too.
Lee knocked down an argument that the jobs lost will create new ones to service and program AI and robots. "Robots are clearly replacing people jobs. They're working 24 by 7. They are more efficient. They need some programming. But one programer can program 10,000 robots."
Besides taking jobs beyond factory floors, robots and AI are already starting to take over some of the mundane tasks around people's homes. Lee pointed to the Amazon Echo as an example.
"The robots don't have to be anthropomorphized. They can just be an appliance," he said. "The car that has autonomous driving is not going to have a humanoid person [driving]. It's just going to be without a steering wheel."
Lee said that while economic growth "will go dramatically up because AI can do so many things so much faster" than humans, it'll force everyone to rethink the practical and social impact of fewer jobs. "If a lot of people will find happiness without working, that would be a happy outcome."
But in a Washington Post op-ed last month, Lee argued against universal basic income, the idea of governments providing a steady stipend to help each citizen make ends meet regardless of need, employment status, or skill level. UBI is being bandied about as a possible solution to an economy that won't have nearly enough jobs for working-age adults.
"The optimists naively assume that UBI will be a catalyst for people to reinvent themselves professionally," he wrote. It may work among Silicon Valley and other highly motivated entrepreneurs, he added, "but this most surely will not happen for the masses of displaced workers with obsolete skills, living in regions where job loss is exacerbated by traditional economic downturn."
Lee sees a different plan of action. "Instead of just redistributing cash and hoping for the best … we need to retrain and adapt so that everyone can find a suitable profession."
Some of the solutions he offered in his commentary include developing more jobs that require social skills such as social workers, therapists, teachers, and life coaches as well as encouraging people to volunteer and considering paying them.
Lee wrote, "We need to redefine the idea of work ethic for the new workforce paradigm. The importance of a job should not be solely dependent on its economic value but should also be measured by what it adds to society."
"We should also reassess our notion that longer work hours are the best way to achieve success," he concluded.
Pax Dickinson was at to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville. He presents solid evidence that the VA State Police had explicit orders to drive the UTR protestors into antifa to be assaulted, because authorities wanted the violence to happen so that they could revitalize their flagging anti-White Narrative.
One, it looks to me like there are a lot of dindus in antifa. So in all but name this is essentially the start of RAHOWA.
Two, Trump has played this very well so far. He has condemned violence “on all sides”, and now he's having DOJ and FBI investigate the events in C'ville, and that means VA governor McAuliffe and the VSP, along with their antifa pets, will be put under the spotlight for collusion to deny the right to free assembly, rioting, and incitement of violence. Contra uber antiwhite scumbag McAuliffe, there's no place in America for his brand of leftist anarcho-tyranny.
This was a classic pincer movement, and it worked. VSP to the north, antifa filth to the south, no exits east or west. As far as I'm concerned this is nothing short of a declaration of war by one faction of Americans against another.
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough on Tuesday slammed Sen. Elizabeth Warren, accusing the Massachusetts Democrat of conflating support for women's rights with support for Planned Parenthood.
"You can be against the funding of Planned Parenthood without being against the support of women's health," Scarborough said. "Nice try, Elizabeth Warren."
Planned Parenthood is currently embroiled in controversy over highly edited videos purportedly showing a senior staffer at the organization speaking openly about selling fetal body parts. Warren took to the floor of the Senate Monday, where Republicans proposed a bill that would stop all federal funding to the health care organization.
"The Republican scheme to defund Planned Parenthood is not some surprised response to a highly edited video," Warren said. "Nope, it's just one more piece of deliberate, methodical, orchestrated right-wing attack on women's rights."
Scarborough was having none of it, though.
"For Elizabeth Warren to try to conflate the right of a woman to choose with the horrors and the callousness and the grotesqueness of what was discussed over lunch [in the video] is really unfortunate," he said Tuesday on Morning Joe.
Co-host Mika Brzezinski then chimed in.
"Just to be clear here, she's talking about the issue of defunding Planned Parenthood and its services. She's not talking about what's going on in these videos," Brzezinski.
Scarborough just dug in his heels.
"There are troubling things on those tapes, and everybody needs to open their eyes and see that instead of reflexively talking about right-wing attacks on a women's right to choose," he said. "Please, stop insulting our intelligence, Elizabeth Warren. Stop."
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.
Brian Blanco/Getty Images
We are gathered here today to discuss the similarities between Donald Trump and Mark Zuckerberg.
Each is, in his way, huge.
The question, though, is whether they are huge in the same way.
For example, do millennials, who this week chose Zuckerberg as a role model over their own parents, have similar feelings toward the Republican nominee?
Actually, they do. If you believe Eric Trump, that is.
As Politico reports, one of Trump's younger sons appeared on Fox News and opined that his dad is someone who's gone from "just about nothing" to just about enormous.
Eating fast food can do that to you.
Eric Trump, however, was referring to his dad's business success. This was a discussion about winning over millennials, and the young Trump explained that his dad's business empire was sure to move the young things who vote.
"It's no different than a Zuckerberg, right, who went out with a great idea like a Facebook and developed this idea and built it and grew it and grew it and grew it," he explained. "That is achieving something, right?"
It is, indeed.
Facebook didn't immediately respond to a request for information as to whether Zuckerberg was flattered by the comparison.
Achievement doesn't always earn you admiration, however. Ask Alex Rodriguez. Or Hillary Clinton for that matter.
Polls seem to agree that millennials favor the Democratic nominee. They don't seem to agree on how much.
For every poll that gives her a wide margin, there's another that suggests millennials are now leaning toward third-party candidates.
My own entirely unscientific polling, which occurs entirely inside my head, says that Donald Trump might not be the ideal choice of too many millennials.
He has one or two values that are a touch outdated. His attitude toward women, for example.
Indeed, on Friday morning the Clinton campaign took advantage of this with an ad that excoriated his statements about women and wondered why anyone would want their daughters to have such a man as president.
My internal polling also shows something else about millennials: A suspicion that many won't vote at all. This occurred during the Brexit vote -- the result of which caused many millennials to protest, completely without irony.
Unlike Mark Zuckerberg, who is always active in the world, their passivity might make all the difference.
In a stunning reversal on Thursday, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel buckled and said he no longer opposes releasing video of another controversial police shooting.
Emanuel's administration has been fighting the release of police video showing the shooting of Ronald Johnson, a 25-year old killed in October 2014. The battle not only echoes the dispute over video of indicted officer Jason Van Dyke shooting 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, but is clearly impacted by it, with mounting pressure on Emanuel, police and Chicago's top prosecutor.
Emanuel's reversal is striking because he spent a year opposing the release of video showing McDonald's death, insisting such footage compromise fair investigations.
RELATED: Clinton calls for federal investigation into Chicago Police Department
Michael Oppenheimer, the lawyer for Johnson's family, said the video shows him unarmed, “running full speed away from” officer George Hernandez, who then “takes out his weapon, he aims, points, and he fires five shots.”
In a new interview with MSNBC, Oppenheimer said he's personally watched the video “many times.” He is under court order not to release it. His civil suit for the family alleges that after shooting Johnson, police planted a weapon on him, which they deny.
In another fast-moving development this week, Chicago prosecutor Anita Alvarez announced a criminal inquiry into the Johnson shooting.
It was her first announcement of such an inquiry, even though the incident occurred over a year ago. Oppenheimer said Alvarez's sudden announcement of an investigation is “disingenuous.”
“I don't know if I believe it,” he said, when asked about her new announcement. “That video was available 14 months ago,” he said, “if they thought they saw a video showing Ronald Johnson carrying a weapon, why didn't they release it then?” he asked.
Oppenheimer, who once worked as a prosecutor in the Cook County attorney's office — which Alvarez now leads — also argued her inquiry clearly isn't serious because none of the key witnesses have even been interviewed.
“No one from the states attorney's office,” he said, has contacted “the witnesses in this case, civilian and police officers.”
“I know that they have not interviewed George Hernandez,” Oppenheimer added, saying Hernandez's only legal interview about the case came in the six-hour deposition he conducted for the civil case.
WATCH: Chicago alderman on whether mayor should step down
Johnson's mother, Dorothy Holmes, told MSNBC she believes that even after Emanuel fired the head of Chicago police, more reform is needed because corrupt officers are “still in office” and there is “still a cover-up” of police misconduct. She argued that “cover-up” will unravel once the public sees the video of police shooting her son.
After the incident, Chicago police said Johnson had a gun and “pointed his weapon in the direction of the pursuing officers,” then “as a result of this action, an officer discharged his weapon,” killing Johnson. That police account also states “a weapon was recovered.”
Oppenheimer alleges that weapon was actually planted to frame Johnson. He said there are both civilian and police witnesses, present that night, who will testify Johnson was unarmed. The Chicago Police Department denies that cover-up, insisting Johnson was armed.
Oppenheimer also argued that it would not be logical for police to find a gun in Johnson's hand after he was shot down. “He was unarmed,” Oppenheimer said. “There was no way anything could have stayed in his hand while he had been shot, running full speed.”
Johnson does not have any gun charges or felonies on his criminal record, according to criminal files provided by the Cook County clerk to MSNBC. He was charged with gambling in 2007, pled guilty to misdemeanor assault in 2008, and pled guilty to gang loitering in 2011. Legally, a suspect's past criminal record is not relevant to allegations of excessive force against an officer.
RELATED: Top cops from 6 departments ousted in last year over police violence
While the Johnson family's civil suit is pending against the police, Oppenheimer says the city has not offered a settlement.
The family's civil case includes claims of excessive force and wrongful death, and beyond the actions of any single officer, it also alleges Chicago Police “attempted to cover up” the shooting by distributing “false” statements about the killing, all in a coordinated effort with Chicago Police Union spokesman Pat Camden.
The suit calls it a “code of silence.”
Oppenheimer is also leading the freedom of information suit urging the video's release — the next hearing is Thursday, though Oppenheimer said it could come out even before the hearing now that Emanuel is supporting the video's release.
Ultimately, Holmes said her hopes for the effort go far beyond getting compensation from the city. “Money is not the issue,” she told MSNBC. “My son's life didn't have a price tag on it.”
The government in Pakistan has approved the release of 16 imprisoned members of the Taliban, reports Reuters.
Officials confirmed on Thursday that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had approved the action in an attempt to reignite the fragile peace process between his government and the militant group. An aide to the prime minister said they believed releasing them would “create goodwill, and we hope [the Taliban] will reciprocate.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The Pakistani branch of the Taliban had initially agreed to a one-month ceasefire at the beginning of March, but then said earlier this week they would not extend the deal out of concern that the government was not serious about meeting their terms. Islam Zeb, the political agent of the troubled northwestern region of South Waziristan, confirmed the government's willingness to release non-combatant prisoners as a goodwill gesture.
However the Taliban's demands include the release of up to 800 prisoners it says are merely family members of insurgents, and the withdrawal of the Pakistani army from semi-autonomous regions close to the border with Afghanistan. Zeb confirmed that another 100 prisoners on the Taliban's list would be released within the next few days – a sign that Sharif is overriding calls within the Pakistani military for harsher penalties against militant strongholds.
[Reuters]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The election of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte constitutes the lowest point for the struggling Filipino democratic system. Duterte has used profanities against President Obama, the United States Ambassador to the Philippines, Pope Frances, the United Nations and others who have questioned his blood-soaked reign as president. Recently, he even compared himself to Hitler in not only refusing to stop his extrajudicial killings of alleged criminals but saying that he was prepared like Hitler to murder millions. This budding tyrant has declared that the very concept of human rights is the “anti-thesis of government.” Finally, Duterte has pledged to end military training exercises with the United States, break away from the close alliance with the United States, and rely more on China and Russia. He has even been taunting the CIA to try to oust him. For those already familiar with our checkered history of supporting dictators and even enemies of the United States, it will come as no surprise that (just as Duterte is pledging to support Russia and China and fighting the United States), our government just approved another $180 million in aid to someone widely viewed as blood-soaked, anti-American lunatic.
So after screaming profanities at the U.S. and our President (and ambassador), this crude clown is rewarded with $180 million as he pledges to pull back from the U.S. alliance and work with Russia and China instead. Americans are still steaming after supplying much of the weaponry acquired or captured by ISIS and other Islamic extremists. We seem eager to give weapons and wealth to those who hate us. In addition, we are supporting a government that is killing thousands of accused criminals and a man who compares his hopeful death toll enviously to Adolph Hitler's success in murdering millions of Jews.
Duterte is now one of the most vocal and vicious authoritarian leaders in the world and we will affirm to the world that human rights violations matter little to the United States.
To make this particularly absurd, Duterte has indicated that he wants to buy weapons from Russia and China. He will now be able to have a million more to spend with the U.S. ponying up $180 million from the Obama Administration to support his military.
Brilliant.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Ten people have been question in connection with a dangerous sulky race on the main Cork to Mallow road last month and a file is now being prepared for the DPP, gardaí have said.
The race - which involved up to 60 Travellers - made headlines after it was captured on video and posted on video-sharing site YouTube. It has since been removed.
It caused widespread shock as oncoming vehicles were forced into the hard shoulder to avoid a crash.
A garda car was also filmed trying to stop the race but those involved refused to pull over.
A man was arrested at the scene and gardaiíhave questioned up to ten people.
Speaking to the Irish Examiner, Superintendent Con Cadogan confirmed that a file is being prepared on the matter and gardaí will recommend that those questioned be prosecuted for a range of offences including dangerous driving, endangerment and animal cruelty.
He also confirmed that a number of others will be questioned over the coming days.
I spent the summer with an East German woman who remembered the DDR fondly and always talked about her "red socks" (that is, she still identifies as communist and always votes for Die Linke).
But whenever she actually talked about her political beliefs (nearly every day), it was always about how people who receive welfare are just parasites taking away her tax dollars euros, and about how dangerous immigrants are, how leftist protestors are really just lazy kids who want handouts and aren't mentally right, and so forth. Basically, it was hard to imagine what kind of real socialist program she would actually want.
It's just an anecdote, but I do think it's important to point out that "Ostalgie" (German pun on "east" and "nostalgia") isn't necessarily a good indicator that the people feeling it really have socialist convictions; I think it's more that they were unsatisfied with the way West Germany treated them after re-unification.
EDIT: "tax dollars" -> "tax euros"
Search Gallery harleen color tests nebezial 1,744 random pre work unfinished warmups nebezial 1,889 Advertisement Advertisement justice league variant cover nebezial 3,057 titans 23 variant cover nebezial 3,431 justice league odyssey issue 2 cover nebezial 2,305 aquaman cover or as i call it: the swimming dead nebezial 2,362 green lanterns 47 cover nebezial 2,271 justice league odysseys 1 cover nebezial 4,459 random warframe inspired stuff nebezial 3,699 guild wars2 path of fire nebezial 1,699 aquaman 33 cover nebezial 3,442 random suicide squad pages nebezial 2,033 my edgelord guild wars 2 warriors :P nebezial 2,168 randoms nebezial 5,504 aaand on that note... nebezial 3,082 i don't know...superman theme started playing... nebezial 3,419 dc stuff designs nebezial 4,134 04suicide squad metal nebezial 2,982 suicide squad- metal tie in nebezial 7,198 dumbest guild wars 2 joke EVER nebezial 2,783 aquaman cover nebezial 1,911 we went too far! nebezial 3,095 bites more suicide squad nebezial 1,293 suicide squad page nebezial 1,254
Many of us tried the old “Two tin cans connected by a string” experiment as kids. [Michael Rainey, AA1TJ] never quite forgot it. Back in 2009, he built “El Silbo”, a ham radio transmitter powered entirely by his voice. El Silbo is a Double Side Band (DSB) transmitter for 75 meters. While voice is used to excite the transmitter, it doesn't actually transmit voice. El Silbo is a CW affair, so you should bone up on your Morse Code a bit before building one. Like many QRP transmitters El Silbo's circuit is rather simple. A junk box loudspeaker is installed at the bottom of the can to convert voice power to electrical power. The signal is passed through a step up transformer, and used to excite a 75m crystal. Two NPN transistors (in this case MPS6521) pass the signal on through a second transformer. The signal is then routed through an LC network to the antenna.
Back in 2009, [Michael] brought El Silbo to the Maine coast in an attempt to make a transatlantic contact. This isn't as far-fetched as it sounds – [Michael] has “crossed the pond” on less power. While the attempt wasn't successful, [Michael] has made connections as far as 1486km, or 923 miles. That's quite a distance for simply yelling into a tin can! One of [Michael's] favorite El Silbo stories is a 109KM conversation (QSO) he had with W1PID. [Michael] found that the signal was so good, he didn't have to yell at all. He reduced power by dropping to his normal speaking voice for the “dits and dahs”. The two were able to converse for 17 minutes with [Michael] only using his speaking voice for power. We think this is an amazing achievement, and once more proof that you don't need a multi-thousand dollar shack to make contacts as a ham.
[Thanks Bill!]
iStock
Ask the vast majority of American parents, and they will tell you that having kids has made them happier.
The problem with this claim, as common as it is, is that research suggests it just isn't true. People who have kids in the United States and in many countries around the world report being less happy than people who don't have kids. Being a parent gives people a sense of purpose and meaning, as well as lifelong social connections. But for some reason, it doesn't appear to bring American parents more happiness.
Now, new research has shed light on why this might be. In research that will be published in the American Journal of Sociology in September, Jennifer Glass of the University of Texas, Robin Simon of Wake Forest University and Matthew Andersson of Baylor University looked at an expansive data set from 22 European and English-speaking countries to find out how and why parents and non-parents in individual countries rate their happiness.
“The cultural stories about parenthood are that it's wonderful, children are great, it's the best thing that happens to us. So why do we actually see these gaps? That's what motivated the research,” says Glass.
The key to their findings is that not every country experiences a “parenting happiness gap” like the United States does. On average, an American parent reports being 12 percent unhappier than a non-parent in America – the biggest gap in the 22 countries the researchers looked at, followed distantly by Ireland. In 12 other countries, non-parents also described themselves as happier than parents. However, in eight countries – Portugal, Hungary, Spain, Norway, Sweden, Finland, France and Russia – parents actually reported being happier than non-parents.
The researchers examined the differences among these countries to figure out what might be causing the happiness gap. They conclude that U.S. policies – or, more accurately, the lack of them – are likely to be the fundamental cause, by increasing the cost and the amount of stress and anxiety that parents feel.
The United States provides minimal assistance to parents, including paid parental leave, mandatory paid sick and vacation days, subsidized child care, and work schedule flexibility, they say. And parenthood is also unusually expensive in the United States, due to the high cost of private education and a lack of public subsidies for childcare. In 2012, the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that a middle-income American family is likely to spend $234,900 to raise a child born in 2011 to age 17. If the kid goes to college, that figure may double.
In contrast, countries like Norway, Sweden, Finland and France have extensive social safety nets and supportive family policies, Glass says. Russia and Hungary continue to maintain certain Soviet-era policies that take care of families. In Portugal and Spain, extended family networks tend to help take care of kids. And all of these countries have more extensive policies to support working families than the United States, Glass said.
“What we found was astonishing,” the researchers write in a briefing that explains their findings. “The negative effects of parenthood on happiness were entirely explained by the presence or absence of social policies allowing parents to better combine paid work with family obligations.”
The two policies that explained the most variation in happiness within a country were the cost of care for the average 2-year-old as a percent of wages, and the total number of paid sick and vacation days mandated by law. Compared with these two policies, paid parental leave had a much smaller, though still observable, effect on the happiness gap.
[The disturbing thing scientists learned when they bribed babies with graham crackers]
The researchers also found that the presence of family-friendly policies didn't appear to decrease the happiness of non-parents in those countries – for example, by increasing their tax dollars or work hours.
The researchers caution that their findings don't mean that American parents are less happy than other parents around the world, as some media outlets have reported. The United States actually ranks second overall on the list in terms of happiness, behind New Zealand and before Denmark. What their findings mean is that American parents and non-parents report the biggest relative difference in happiness among the countries they studied.
Comparing happiness around the world can be a difficult task, the researchers say, because concepts of happiness tend to differ among cultures. So the researchers stick to examining the difference in the happiness reported by parents and non-parents in the same country, saying this measure of “the relative effects of parenting” should help them identify exactly what factors contribute to parental stress.
American parents tend to feel that the challenges they face when raising kids are more of an individual burden than a social problem, Glass says – that if only they were more organized, or if they had more energy, they could do a better job at balancing family and work. Instead, they should recognize that what they're experiencing may be part of a much bigger social issue.
“We have rugged individualism in the U.S. that makes parents feel that others are coping better than they are. But that's not the case,” she says. “We know that these problems have been endemic for decades now, and we've watched the maternal employment rate in the U.S. steadily erode relative to other countries.”
The good news, the researchers say, is that there is nothing inevitable about the parental happiness gap. And there may be some relatively achievable solutions for improving the happiness of American parents – like subsidizing childcare, or expanding access to paid vacation and sick leave.
Some of these changes are already happening at a city and state level. This year, California boosted family leave benefits, while cities such as Chicago and San Diego established paid sick leave.
But many Americans continue to juggle kids and a job without these safety nets.
“I think that most parents are completely happy with the fact that they had children and can't imagine not having those children in their lives," says Glass. "But loving your children and feeling devoted to them is not the same thing as having a stress-free experience.”
You might also like:
The interesting thing that happens when a Republican marries a Democrat
The weird origins of going to the beach
The messy political history of where we pee
What people around the world mean when they say they're happy
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Herman Cain has a personal reason for wanting a simpler tax code: he missed paying his Georgia state income taxes in 2006, "prompting Georgia to file a tax lien against him that wasn't settled until late 2008," The Daily Beast's Daniel Stone reports. However, Cain probably had the best excuse possible for failing to pay his fair share: he was undergoing cancer treatment at the time. "Cain had filed with the IRS and won a six-month reprieve in paying his 2006 federal taxes as he was undergoing his treatment for stage four lymphoma and believed that filing should also have bought him time with the state of Georgia," Stone reports. A campaign spokesperson spun it thusly for The Daily Beast: "The experience serves as an example of how broken our federal and state bureaucracies are with respect to the collection of revenue." Cain, of course, has risen to the top of GOP presidential field in part through his now famous and famously simple "9-9-9" tax plan, which would rewrite the tax code to have a 9 percent federal income tax, a 9 percent corporate tax, and a 9 percent federal sales tax. The full cache of documents showing the tax lien is available over at The Daily Beast here.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Bersih 2.0 chairman Maria Chin Abdullah said the organisation only has RM520,000 in its coffers at the moment. — Picture by Yusof Mat Isa
PETALING JAYA, June 1 — Electoral watchdog Bersih 2.0 hopes the public will support its latest fundraising campaign launched today, saying its funds can only last the next seven months.
Its chairman Maria Chin Abdullah said the organisation only has RM520,000 in its coffers at the moment.
“Our funds can last for about seven months, provided that if we don't have to suddenly spend so much in our programmes leading up to the upcoming polls.
“We share a common belief and with all the support, we believe that we can have a clean and fair election,” she told a news conference here.
She explained that the funds are needed to cover legal costs in their ongoing court cases, which might come up to a total of RM120,000.
“It's a lot. At the moment, we have to spend about RM50,000. But, we have at least seven to eight cases pending at court. This will bring our legal costs up to RM120,000.
“If we are charged under the Peaceful Assembly Act (PAA) and fined the maximum of RM10,000, we can only assume that it's going to be lots of money,” she said.
Maria also said that the group has about 120 cases ongoing police investigation cases under the PAA and Security Offences (Special Measures) Act (Sosma) 2012 for undermining parliamentary democracy.
Most of the investigations were made on the PAA based on the Bersih 5 nationwide convoy last year, she added.
“During the convoy itself, we have about 100 cases. It's a costly event but we have to continue our struggles,” she said.
The nationwide convoy was held in the run-up to the Bersih 5 rally on November 19 last year in Kuala Lumpur.
Maria said the funds will also go towards run Bersih 2.0's voter education programme.
“We continue to reach out to the six regions nationwide to educate local voters to understand the impact of re-delineation and electoral fraud.
“We aim to empower voters to hold their candidates accountable. This involves costs for staff and volunteers to travel across the nation,” she said.
Maria then revealed that it costs up to RM35,000 to run the Bersih 2.0 office every month.
“Our office is staffed by six full time staff who works with the steering committee which are made up of volunteers,” she said.
Steering Committee Member Jay Jay Denis also appealed to the public to donate to Bersih 2.0's cause.
“I think it's ideal for the people to not lose hope right now. Many have said that they are tired of politics but this is when your time, efforts and hopefully, finances are most important to Bersih 2.0.
“My message goes out to the people, that if you can't provide a large amount, RM10 is good enough.
“And if you can't donate, at least register to vote because it's the most valuable thing at the end of the day,” he said.
The campaign will run until September and Bersih 2.0 has set its target at RM500,000.
Donations can be made out to Bersih 2.0 under the name Bersih & Adil Network Sdn Bhd, on its Maybank account number 512295102931. Those who wished to can also send in their donations to the Maybank branch in Old Town, Petaling Jaya.
Members of the East Bank levee authority on Thursday raised objections to plans by the Army Corps of Engineers to use a combination of Bermuda grass, grass enhanced by fertilizer and irrigation, and fabric mats and grass to armor the interior sides of earthen levees in the New Orleans area.
The argument is over the corps' rejection of a proposal by state and local levee officials that would increase the height of some levees in addition to implementing the corps' armoring choices. They contend the plan would provide the levees a better chance of avoiding erosion caused by overtopping by surge and waves from a 500-year or larger hurricane.
The corps contends that the congressional authorization governing construction of the levees requires that they be built no higher than that required to block overtopping from a so-called 100-year hurricane, a hurricane with a 1 percent chance of occurring in any year.
The armoring, which is to add resilience from erosion in the event of bigger storms, cannot include raising the levees, project manager Reuben Mabry told members of the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East.
“I consider that creative authorization interpretation,” Mabry said of the authority proposal, “because when we're given a system height that's driven by hydraulic design criteria which defines a 100-year system, when you start with a wink and a nod trying to raise that system through some other method, we're going to be in treacherous territory.”
Reliance on grass
But authority executive director Bob Turner said the corps had already increased levee heights of concrete walls in the system, including at the Lake Borgne barrier, to take into account a related issue — sinking of the ground beneath them expected over the next 50 years.
And Bob Jacobsen warned that a long stretch of levee in St. Charles Parish that is bordered by the Labranche Wetlands has a 100-year design height that could result in a 500-year storm putting as much as 9 feet of water into communities behind it, much more than along any other levee section.
Authority members also are concerned with the corps plan's reliance on well-rooted and well-maintained grass in many locations.
“We're going to have to become very good growers of grass, because it was obvious to me (in observing testing of such grass during tests at Colorado State University) that the protection provided primarily by the length of the grass and when the grass lays down it is almost impervious,” said authority President Tim Doody, a resident of St. Bernard Parish.
“Our concern ... was what happens if there's a drought like we're experiencing now, and dead grass,” Doody said.
Turner agreed, pointing out that the corps plan calls for grass enhanced by fertilizer and irrigation in easternmost areas of New Orleans, where the city's water system doesn't extend.
“I just don't think that in the long run that enhanced grass is going to stay enhanced,” he said. “Over time, the extra problems with animals that tear things up, and droughts and fires and other things that occur, enhanced grass is going to turn into normal levee grass, and as a result, we're going to lose that armoring.”
'A critical decision'
Dean Arnold, the corps director of field work for the armoring projects, said testing by Colorado State scientists had found that even when enhanced grass died, its root system could withstand overtopping of as much as two feet per second per foot of levee, which is a foot per second more than the corps standards.
But authority member Richard Pineda, who is a watershed manager for the California Department of Water Resources, said he remained concerned about such a conclusion.
“This is such a critical decision for the safety of this community, this resiliency component, that I don't want to rush to a decision,” he said.
Mabry agreed to have representatives of the corps armoring team attend a special meeting with authority members and levee district staffers in the next few weeks.
Doody said he would schedule the meeting and also invite representatives of the state Office of Coastal Protection and Restoration to participate.
Lakeshore Drive maintenance
In other business, the authority approved changes in the 2011 budget of the Orleans Levee Board, which it oversees, that will allow the board to transfer $700,000 in 2011 and 2012 to the Non-Flood Protection Asset Management Authority for maintenance of Lakeshore Drive.
In June, the state Legislature ordered the levee authority to pay the money to the non-flood asset authority, which had run out of money for the road's upkeep.
The budget changes also will allow the Orleans district to buy five new sport utility vehicles to replace several police cruisers used by Orleans Levee District police. The legislation also required the levee district to take over the portion of the levee police force that has been operated under the non-flood asset authority since the non-flood assets were separated from the levee district after Hurricane Katrina.
Gerry Gillen, executive director of the Orleans district, said the merger of the police force remains in limbo while awaiting a state Civil Service Commission and the Attorney General's Office agreement on whether the non-flood officers can be moved into the district force, or whether the non-flood force must be disbanded. If it were disbanded, the non-flood officers would have to compete with other applicants for the 24 positions that will be transferred.
Gillen said that if a simple merger is allowed, the district will offer retirement packages to six officers.
Mark Schleifstein can be reached at mschleifstein@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3327.
Truthout needs your support to produce grassroots journalism and disseminate conscientious visions for a brighter future. Contribute now by clicking here.
(Photo: Senate Democrats / Flickr)With 2014 midterm elections looming on the horizon, a recent survey by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner for Democracy Corps and the Women's Voices Women Vote Action Fund illustrates how important it is for elected officials and candidates to address women's economic needs.
According to the survey, respondents overwhelmingly supported policies such as pay equity. Further, those who heard these policies were likely to say that Democrats were better on the economy than Republicans.
“In short, a Democratic agenda focused on pay, opportunity, and support for working moms outperforms a Democratic agenda that does not include these policies — and far outperforms the dominant Republican agenda,” the survey concluded.
Greenberg's findings underscore the importance of House Democrats' recent economic policy initiative, outlined by Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and other House Democratic women, that places women and family at the fore. Aptly named “When Women Succeed, America Succeeds,” this economic agenda offers solutions to real concerns about equal pay, work/family balance, and child care.
The cornerstone of this agenda is the Paycheck Fairness Act sponsored by Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.). If passed, employers would be required to demonstrate that wage differences were based on factors other than gender and would strengthen penalties for equal pay violations, among other actions. Ultimately, this legislation would help to close the egregious wage gap in which women on average make only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men. This adds up to a yearly gap of $10,784. Over 40 years, the amount of money women lose as a result of this gap would be enough to pay for a new car every three years.
The new policy agenda also includes mandatory paid leave for child care and family medical needs. That is the objective of an amendment to the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 sponsored by Rep. Donna Edwards (D-Md.). Currently, only unpaid leave is offered. Her proposed amendment sheds light on the fact that we are the only industrialized country that doesn't mandate paid family leave policy. As a result, an estimated
23 percent of American adults have reported losing jobs or have been threatened with job loss for taking time off due to illness or to care for sick relatives.
The last pillar of this agenda is a number of child care service reforms advocated by Rep. Doris Matsui (D-Calif.). Concerned with the overwhelming price of child care, Matsui is championing President Obama's proposed Early Head Start-Child Care partnerships, which would invest $1.4 billion out of the fiscal 2014 budget, or less than 0.0001 percent of the federal budget, in a grant program that would expand high-quality care for children from birth to age 3. Matsui's concerns are well-founded. According to Child Care Aware of America, the average annual cost of full-time child care for a four-year old child in a daycare center ranged from $4,600 to $11,700 in 2011.
The Democracy Corps report shows that this is a winning agenda politically that would help progressive candidates in 2014 draw a stark contrast between themselves and the conservative onslaught against women and families adopted by the Republican party.
Toronto is about to make a decision that will reverberate across the country, choosing among three extraordinary candidates for mayor. Two stand out by virtue of their excellence while the third is exceptional for precisely the opposite reason – and would represent nothing short of disaster. At stake is the effective administration of Canada's largest city. And it's vital that voters choose well next Monday.
John Tory is the clear choice to bring Toronto together and put the chaos of the past four years behind us. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
They are lucky to have Olivia Chow in the race. She has emerged as Toronto's political conscience, speaking for the disadvantaged and proposing thoughtful policies to improve their lives. She describes her core value as: “Everyone counts.” That's a message this city needs to hear; compassion should guide the actions of whoever becomes mayor. They are just as fortunate to have John Tory on the ballot. He has an impressive record as a successful leader in business and at the helm of organizations as varied as the Canadian Football League and the urban advocacy group CivicAction. That would stand him in good stead heading the City of Toronto, a corporation with a $9.6-billion operating budget. But Tory offers more than a track record as a capable manager. He has a well-earned reputation as a caring conservative who knows the city can succeed only if it works for all its people. He has distinguished himself in working for the community, in activities as varied as chairing the United Way campaign to grassroots efforts aimed at bringing jobs to disadvantaged youth.
Article Continued Below
Either Olivia Chow or John Tory could make a fine mayor for Toronto. But at this time, with the challenges the city faces now, we believe Tory is the clear choice to bring Toronto together, make progress on the key issues and put the chaos of the past four years behind us. Which brings us to Doug Ford (open Doug Ford's policard), the third extraordinary candidate in this race. His platform is simple: a continuation of the legacy of his brother, departing mayor Rob Ford (open Rob Ford's policard) – minus the “drunken stupors” and crack cocaine. That would mean four more years of dysfunction and division at city hall. Despite that, Toronto remains one of the world's best places to live, work and do business. But the staggering incompetence of the Ford administration has resulted in lost opportunities and waning influence in a city that once did much to set the country's urban agenda. It's a dismal record of bullying, ethics violations, service cuts, costly public transit flip-flops, and policy failures that include an ill-judged effort to seize control of waterfront development and a lost bet on a downtown casino. The distractions of the past four years must end. New direction is needed. For that we need insightful leadership, a bold urban vision and a mayor able to draw people together from across the political spectrum behind a common goal: building a great city. Tory is best placed to deliver what Toronto needs now. Choosing between him and Chow has not been easy. Chow's policies resonate with those who believe Toronto can prosper only as a progressive city, and worry that the deepening divisions between haves and have-nots threaten our future. Having an experienced, capable, visible minority woman heading one of the world's most multicultural cities presents an inspiring prospect.
But Toronto's agonizingly long mayoral campaign has shown Tory to be the candidate most effective in reaching across party lines, rallying support, and convincing people to pull together. It's telling that he is leading in almost all parts of the city – including the heart of “Ford Nation” in Etobicoke and downtown areas where Chow could be expected to run strongest. That's vital for progress at city hall, especially after the bitterness of the Ford era. Tory is also best-positioned to wring gains from Ottawa and Queen's Park. That's essential if substantial progress is to be made in building public transit, expanding low-income housing, and fixing the city's crumbling infrastructure. Tory could serve as a compelling advocate, both by using his extensive contacts in government and by assuming a leadership role in the Greater Toronto Area and beyond. We can't help but feel that Chow would be less effective.
Article Continued Below
As head of Canada's sixth largest government Toronto's mayor is well-placed – indeed obligated – to pursue municipal advocacy on a national stage. Rob Ford never bothered. But Tory is ideally positioned to do so, given his broad background and his work at CivicAction. Much depends on the results, including the success of Tory's much-hyped SmartTrack transit plan. We've expressed skepticism about whether this massive expansion of rail service can be delivered in just seven years and at no cost to Toronto ratepayers. But Tory insists he will make it happen. If he succeeds it would constitute remarkable progress and, with that in mind, it's fair to give Tory his chance. He told the Star's editorial board last week he expects to win city council's approval for SmartTrack, along with federal and provincial backing, by the end of his four-year term. He conceded it will be “a real problem” for his plan if those approvals don't materialize. And by that he will be judged. We like much of Tory's platform. He's sound on improving the code of conduct at city hall, on attracting more business to Toronto, on arts funding and on keeping the land transfer tax. We like his pledge to expand bike lanes, spend more on planting trees, and on collecting data to help reduce energy consumption in city buildings. And Tory is generally in favour of expanded childcare and more opportunities for young people, although we wish he would commit to specific goals in these areas, as Chow has done. We disagree with some of Tory's policies, such as his backing of a three-stop Scarborough subway extension when light-rail makes more sense. But we didn't support everything David Miller stood for when we endorsed him, over Tory, back in 2003. At this time in Toronto's history the city needs a diplomat and a unifier; a skilled administrator with a social conscience; and a compelling urban advocate. This city needs John Tory as its mayor.
Read more about:
Yes, it's finally happening: We're getting a new Star Trek TV show for the first time in over a decade. Since this week's announcement, Trek fans all over the world have been speculating and sharing their desires for the series—here's just 7 things we'd love to see come 2017.
Advertisement
7) A post-Star-Trek-XI look at the Prime Universe...
We've asked you already when you'd like to see the new series set across Star Trek's vast timeline, and this was by far the most popular choice—and there's a reason for that. Although JJ Abram's Star Trek reboot largely brushed over the universe it left behind, the main continuity of Star Trek (composed of all the TV shows and movies that came before it) after the beginning of that movie is an incredibly interesting place. The Federation is slowly recovering from the fallout of the Dominion War depicted in Deep Space Nine, only to be hit with the galactic catastrophe of the seeming death of Spock and the total destruction of the Romulan and Reman homeworlds, killing billions and leaving countless beings without homes.
Advertisement
This is something that Star Trek Online, the franchise's official multiplayer online role-playing game, explores in great detail—it's set in 2409, two decades after the supernova that destroyed Romulus and Remus, and finds the Federation fractured and at war with the Klingons. This isn't necessarily the path the new series would follow, as the game has no real say on the “canon” of the franchise. But exploring a continuity that has the legacy of past Star Trek TV shows to look back on, especially for a series being launched as part of the franchises' 50th anniversary celebrations, is an incredibly tempting prospect.
6) ... Or The Next Generation of The Reboot
Advertisement
But if the series does have to take place in the alternate reality established by the new movies—what little information we have about the show says it's not directly related to Star Trek: Beyond, it could still be a part of that universe—essentially pulling a Next Generation could be equally interesting.
It'd leave the movies well in the past and out of the way of the show interfering with them, but at the same time it'd be interesting to imagine and explore what this particular version of the Star Trek universe looks like a century down the line, especially in terms of look and the technology at hand. It wouldn't have to be a direct parallel to TNG—I definitely wouldn't want to see an alt-Picard and crew—but something in the spirit of it, about a future crew inspired by the legacy of Kirk and the Enterprise's five-year mission, would be a fun way to be linked to the movie without having to directly work around them.
5) A New Ship—That's Not An Enterprise
Advertisement
Okay, before you really string me up, hear me out. The Enterprise and its many incarnations is one of the most iconic features of Star Trek. But like Voyager and Deep Space Nine did in the 90s, it'd be cool to see the show focus around the crew of a different kind of Federation ship.
Voyager was primarily a research vessel. The Defiant was a gunboat made for combat. The new ship could be something like that, or even of a similar size and scope to the Enterprise, which was a sort of jack-of-all-trades—but getting a new ship that's not just the Enterprise-G or something, with a new design that is evocative of the classic ship rather than a direct emulation would be a way to keep things fresh.
4) More Boldly Going
Advertisement
If there's one criticism you can level at Star Trek and Into Darkness, It's that they focus on being action movies rather than Star Trek's ideals as a show about communication, exploration, and challenging ideas. And that makes sense for a movie—but those sorts of ideas sit at the very heart of what Star Trek is about, and what makes it so beloved to many people. Some of Star Trek's best moments haven't been about battles and conflict, but about exploring and understanding other people.
That's not to say you can't have some ship battles some times, but a new series that focuses on that optimism of science and exploration, seeking out bold new worlds and civilizations would be a fitting love letter to Star Trek's legacy more than an action-focused series. Voyager may not be the most loved or critically-appraised Star Trek show, but its aim of recapturing that sense of exploration found in the original series was a noble one.
3) Lots of weird and wonderful aliens
Advertisement
Star Trek has some iconic alien species—the Klingons, the Romulans, the Vulcans, and so many more. But it also has a slightly mocking reputation for having swathes of races that are little more than humans with a dab of makeup on.
Today we're living in a world where Television can do much more with effects, both practical and CGI—we have shows like The Flash or Game of Thrones or Doctor Who giving us amazing creations and creatures born from either digital artists or prosthetics masters. It wouldn't be Star Trek without new aliens to meet, and we'd love to see some truly amazing new species that can stand alongside the show's icons.
2) A Diverse Cast
Advertisement
Star Trek is no stranger to a diverse cast of main characters. The original series broke boundaries with the addition of Uhura and Sulu to the main . It's had a Black Captain in DS9's Sisko, and a Female Captain in Voyager's Janeway. So some diversity wouldn't be new—it'd just be carrying on the Star Trek trend.
But there's still opportunities to shake things up a little. Could we get a LGBTQ bridge officers and Captains? More ethnicities among the humans? Hell, why not more alien crew members? An alien Captain may not be entirely feasible, but it'd be an interesting prospect. As long as the cast as a whole is emblematic of Rodenberry's original vision for Starfleet, a world where people of all classes, genders, and races were united, it'll be great.
1) Something Really New
Advertisement
You might have noticed that a lot of the things I've focused on here emphasize either doing something new, or adding a new twist to something that Star Trek has already done. Because even though this new show is being created as part of Star Trek's 50th anniversary, above all that it should be adding something new to the franchise.
In an age of Sequels and Reboots, we already have the Star Trek movies being a direct reboot of the original series. That's all well and good for the films, but a new Trek TV show shouldn't just be a rehash of series past. If anything, it should keep those series at arm's length—respect them, love them, reference them, but don't just retell them. It should be connected, but standalone, just as the shows before it were. We already saw how bad that could be when Star Trek Into Darkness revealed itself as a mild reheat of Wrath of Khan. After so many years of waiting, a new series that just did that for one of the past series would be monumentally disappointing.
What's given Star Trek such a fantastic longevity to the point that we can even be talking about a new series, 50 years later, is that each addition to the franchise took the basic premise and added something of its own to it. Above anything else we want this new Star Trek to forge ahead as its own thing: to boldly go where no Star Trek has gone before.
Advertisement
Agree or Disagree? What do you want out of a new Star Trek show? As always, let us know in the comments.
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indianapolis Colts already have an inexperienced interior offensive line. And to make things even worse, those same inexperienced players are also dealing with injuries.
Former Pro Bowl guard Richie Incognito is available, and Colts coach Chuck Pagano did not rule out the possibility of the team having interest in him Tuesday afternoon.
“I think anybody that's on the street right now after cut downs this weekend, anybody that comes available we'll discuss,” Pagano said. “We will not ... say yay or nay based on history. If it makes sense, if it's going to help us win, and it's the best thing for the team and this organization, it doesn't matter if it's Richie or anybody else, we'll do what's right for this organization, for what's best for this team. What gives us the best chance to win.”
The Colts would be taking a risk in pursuing Incognito because he has baggage going back to his hazing and bullying of Jonathan Martin while with the Miami Dolphins last season.
An issue that could come up is that Andrew Luck, Coby Fleener, Griff Whalen and Delano Howell were teammates of Martin at Stanford.
Incognito was cleared by the NFL to return to the league Monday and met with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers the same day.
The Colts have a history of signing players with baggage. Look at Chris Rainey, LaVon Brazill, Da'Rick Rogers and Nu'Keese Richardson in recent years.
The difference between Incognito and those players is that he'll make an impact in the game.
The Colts aren't looking to just make the playoffs. They've done that each of the past two seasons with Luck. They want to win a Super Bowl. The interior part of their offensive line leaves a lot of doubt.
Starting center Khaled Holmes has been out almost three weeks with a sprained ankle, rookie guard Jack Mewhort has missed time because of a knee issue and fellow guard Hugh Thornton did not practice Tuesday.
The Colts have enough veterans inside the locker room where Incognitio wouldn't need to do anything other than block. Luck, linebacker Robert Mathis, receiver Reggie Wayne and defensive lineman Cory Redding have the leadership part already taken care of. Those players won't put up with Incognito trying to bully or haze any of his teammates. As cornerback Vontae Davis said last season, the Colts have a "brotherhood" inside the locker room.
Incognito's job would be to help block to give Luck time to throw to his arsenal of weapons on the outside and open up holes for the running backs.
At this point, it's worth the Colts taking a flyer on Incognito because you would like to think he realizes he's under the microscope and has little room to mess up again.
Chromebooks are very capable laptop-style computers that don't run on a Windows operating system, but rather run on Chrome OS, a Google-designed operating system that uses the Google Chrome web browser as its principal interface. They're laptops designed specifically for how people live today, primarily functioning while being connected to the internet, making them the ideal solution for kids, students, families and professionals who are looking for a device to use chiefly with web-based documents and applications stored in the Cloud, or perhaps files on a flash drive or other jump drive solution. They are made by many companies, so you can get an HP Chromebook, a Samsung Chromebook, an Acer Chromebook, or an Asus Chromebook, to name a few.
In our connected, digital world, Chromebooks are playing a big part in children's education, in grade school through high school. Often considered more portable than conventional laptops, Chromebooks start up fast, load websites quickly, and have onboard Chromecast for media streaming. Additionally, the Chromebook touch screen that's included on many models makes navigation quick and easy. Or you can add a wireless mouse for easier browsing. Also on the plus side, Chromebooks are automatically updated, so you can count on always having the latest Chromebook features and the latest virus protection.
Some legislators in Arkansas are joining the fight for a more open and transparent political process that includes all voters regardless of their party affiliation, or lack thereof.
On March 1, State Representative Dan Douglas (R) introduced HB1766, which would institute what the bill calls a “nonpartisan blanket primary” system, by amending the state's election code. The bill was co-sponsored by Representative Clarke Tucker (D), giving it bipartisan support in the House.
The blanket primary proposed in the bill is actually similar to the nonpartisan, top-two primary systems in California and Washington state, according to its cosponsor. All candidates running for Congress or state office would appear on one single primary ballot, and voters would be able to pick any candidate, regardless of their party affiliation.
The two candidates with the most votes, regardless of party, would move on to the general election. The law would not apply to elections concerning a county office, municipal office, or township office.
Story continues below Go Beyond the Two-Sided Narrative! Get IVN's weekly round-up of news and information for independent-minded voters in your inbox. Thanks for signing up! An unknown error occured :( Please try again later First Name* Last Name* Email Address* I accept IVN's terms and conditions? Sign Up
IVN talked to Rep. Tucker, who explained the importance of passing electoral reform:
“If you live in a district that goes one way or the other [regarding party], the candidate is decided in the primary. So if it's a majority Democratic district, Republicans basically have no say of who their representative will be because the decision is made in the primaries. The same goes the other way around… but if the decision is made in the general election, everybody gets a say.” – State Rep. Clarke Tucker
Tucker considers this piece of legislation a voters' rights bill. Both he and Representative Douglas are engaging in a bipartisan effort to give an equal voice to all voters. They also hope a nonpartisan election system will increase voter turnout and reduce the number of “party extremists” in the state legislature.
“When you have districts that are majorly Democrats or Republicans, either naturally or because of gerrymandering, the only political insensitive for politicians is to not lose in the primary and when that is the intention it makes for more extreme partisan candidates instead of moderates. We have a lot of extremes in our politics now, we need more of the other kind.” – State Rep. Clarke Tucker
But the bill could have a tough time in the legislature. After Douglas and Tucker introduced the bill, they realized it may be necessary to first amend the state's constitution for it to become law.
Tucker believes this hurts the bill's chances during the current legislative session, but said both he and Douglas are committed to the cause and they would fight for it and see it through, either in this session or the next one.
Photo Credit: Niyazz / shutterstock.com
Currently ‘no concrete plan' to bring Dragon Quest XI west
'It will be considered just as other Dragon Quest games in the past.'
Square Enix currently has ‘no concrete plan' to bring the newly announced Dragon Quest XI: In Search of Departed Time to western territories, according to its official Dragon Quest Twitter account.
The pair of tweets read:
“Hi everyone! I know a lot of people have been asking if Dragon Quest XI is coming to the West but sadly we don't have a concrete plan atm :( “I've been told the team will consider bringing DQ XI to the West as we've done in the past for other DQ games but I don't know anything else”
Dragon Quest XI is aiming for release across PlayStation 4 and 3DS in Japan during the series' 30th anniversary year in 2016.
If you missed it, catch the first gameplay from both versions here.
HOUSTON - Kim Ogg emerged at her watch party, Tuesday night, brimming with confidence as the early voting numbers were released, paving the way to a decisive victory.
Timing her victory speech to coincide with the beginning of 10 p.m. local newscasts, Ogg claimed victory with barely 60 percent of the vote tallied.
"It is a new day for justice in Harris County," Ogg proclaimed.
Ogg claimed victory without receiving a concession call from Devon Anderson.
"No she didn't call. But I do want to thank her for her service. This election brought a lot of important issues to the forefront," Ogg said.
Ogg said in her first 100 days she plans to "get a grip" on the scientific evidence, including untested rape kits. She also said she aims to divert low-level offenders from serving significant jail time, and clear the jail of mentally ill inmates.
From the moment early voting results were announced, Anderson faced an uphill battle in the bid to keep her position.
Ultimately Anderson lost the race to Ogg.
During a 40-second speech at her election night party, Anderson neither formally conceded nor congratulated Ogg. Instead, she praised the prosecutors in her office.
"Prosecution is a calling, it's a calling to seek justice and it does not change with whom the district attorney is. So please keep doing what you're doing, please keep making us proud everyday, please keep fighting for justice," Anderson told supporters.
Anderson spent a large chunk of her campaign defending her office's decision to jail a rape victim to ensure her testimony. Anderson stood behind the decision, saying it was a difficult decision under terrible circumstances. Anderson said the testimony helped secure a life sentence against a serial rapist.
Ogg seized on a wellspring of public criticism directed at Anderson and made attacking her office's decision to place a rape victim in jail a cornerstone of her campaign.
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
A Flint man was arrested this weekend after police noticed him walking funny and repeatedly "tugging at his pant leg and waistband."
In a news release, the Michigan State Police say troopers who were on patrol in the City of Flint observed a man who "appeared uncomfortable by the troopers' presence" and showing what appeared to be the grip of a firearm partially concealed by his clothing. When approached by the troopers, the 42-year-old man immediately turned in the opposite direction, dropped an AK-47 rifle and fled. After a short foot chase, the man was arrested and the assault rifle was recovered. The man has been lodged at the Flint City Jail on multiple felonies.
Wonder if troopers approached with the line "hey, is that a rifle in your pants, or are you glad to see us?" But seriously, the Michigan State Police have taken six guns off the streets in Flint in the past two days. Nice work!
Do everyone's feelings matter or just yours that #Gamergate is evil ?
Jimmy Page Blocked Unblock Follow May 3, 2015
So I wanted to write this because I fairly recently had an argument without someone staunchly opposed to #Gamergate and the takeaway from the argument was the claim that creators should take into account peoples feelings. Now here's the relevant section and I brought up the exact same argument used in this article with them later on after this part of the argument.
That's the claim that only saying really important things is worth hurting some-ones feelings. Yet the problem with that is who gets to make the choice about what's important and whose feelings matter? I'd like to introduce many people in the US both anti and pro #Gamergate to a woman by the name of Mary Whitehouse. Mary Whitehouse campaigned for a number of different things with her organisation the National Viewers and Listeners Association (the NVLA). Here's an interview with her.
So as you can see Mary Whitehouse is strongly against sexualisation and it's use the the media. She saw it as exploitative and tried to stamp it's use out. She famously launched private prosecutions against many different people including play directors. It was Mary Whitehouse's claim that creators has a responsibility to society with their creation and part of that responsibility was not to offend people. Sounds very similar to some present day “moral arbiters” doesn't it ?
Now I'm sure many people in Anti #Gamergate are a nodding at that sentiment. The idea of ending people exploiting peoples looks to “sex up” products etc to try and improve sale, and how this is damaging. Now I'm sure they're also nodding about how creators are meant to have some responsibility to use their work to improve society.
Here's what I haven't mentioned yet. Mary Whitehouse was a devout Christian and wife of a Vicar (a priest for those in the US). Mary Whitehouse believed in the entire stance of the church at the time (and still arguable the stance today) Mary Whitehouse believed that homosexuality was a sin and therefore evil and shouldn't be shown or represented in the media or seen as acceptable. She even took poets and a newpaper to court using blasphemy as almost her entire argument. Yes Blasphemy people being offended by the use of Gods name or depictions of content deemed sinful in the bible.
I don't think it would be going too far to say I despise everything Mary Whitehouse stood for almost in it's entirety. I stand against sexual repression, I stand for freedom or creators and yes that includes the freedom to offend. What message is worth offending someone, the message that speech is free, the message that learning to laugh is important and being able to laugh at oneself is also important to. For everyone to be equal you it means everyone can share in the ridicule. It means not putting up protected zones or protected groups or the idea that comedians can only “punch up”. For example the character of Ali G is in reality a huge punch down at working class youth in the UK who aren't rich and in some sections of society grew up on rap and hip hop. Yet Ali G as a comic character by creator Sacha Baron Cohen is regarded quite highly still.
The idea that work should never offend anyone means you don't get to offend people like Mary Whitehouse either. You don't get to show content that offends them even when that content is peoples very own nature and existence.
Now the come back from most Anti #Gamergate will be “well it's the creators choice”. Exactly, it's not yours and they have no obligation to bow down to your whims. If you're claiming something should be changed for offending you then you're either claiming only you and your opinion on what should be included is right. Or you're arguing for everyone to be able to force changes including the Mary Whitehouses of the world and the West Boro Baptist Churches of the world. Think on that for a moment, you're either being hugely egotistical and claiming no-one else's view of the material should matter, not even the artists intent, and that the whole world should cater to you. Or you're actually making the argument for the suppression of “offensive content” by those in the West Boro Baptist church who find people's natural sexual preferences to be offensive to them because of their beliefs.
So to those reading this if you're only reason for asking for change is you're offended and not any logical or reasoned arguments beyond that. Ask yourself this, is the problem that you can't take a joke ? Or are you getting offended on some-one else's behalf to try and score some kind of social points with people? Because the reality is not everything is made for everyone and if you truly wanted to respect peoples differences then you'd respect one of the biggest differences there is, peoples personal tastes. It's only a small step from asking to restrict content to actively suppressing content and sooner or later it will be something you enjoyed being deemed harmful by someone. When that happens (and it will) you'll be forced to either defend people trying to suppress something you enjoy because of their feelings or you're realised why people stand up to any indication of censorship of art.
“But everyone's entitled to their own opinions” is another common argument. To which I say yes everyone is, however opinions are like arseholes, everyone has one and the moment you start shoving it in my face without invitation or inclination then I'll happily return the favour. Your opinion is just that, an opinion it is not gospel truth or automatically right. If you are egotistical enough to believe so vehemently that you're always right and that no-one should be allowed to challenge I have news for you. No-one is right all the time on everything and there's a damn good reason people tend to rise up when someone tries to impose their will on everyone else, no matter how big a following that person may have.
So to you the offendatrons of the world who see everything as a personal attack or offensive to someone. I say this, get over yourself, the world and creators don't have time to bother trying to offend you. The world is not out to upset you deliberately, you're out to be upset. Oh and not everything is meant to make you feel happy. Charles Dickens (yes the writer of a Christmas Carol) faced heavy criticism for offending people with his works for showing the true extent and conditions that the poor at the time were living in. People were hugely upset by his depictions and rightfully so as it raised important questions and almost taboo subjects. It did offend people and the reason it did was it made them realise how little they had noticed or cared about the poor themselves. People in “high Society” saw it as a personal attack on them and were hugely offended but the true cause of them being offended and upset was not that Dickens broached the subject but that they knew what he was saying has some truth to it.
So next time you're about to send death threats to a creator for offending you (as people did to Stanley Kubrick due to his film A Clockwork Orange) stop and ask yourself if the reason you're upset is merely you didn't like the work or if there was an actual logical arguable issue with the work. If you don't and choose to lock yourself away from criticism and choose to try to preach from on high, look out as people might try to knock you off your self made pedestal of entitlement. Just because a work doesn't make you feel happy doesn't mean it's bad. Being human means feeling a range of emotions and getting used to it.
“Pizzagate”: How 4Chan Uncovered the Sick World of Washington's Occult Elite
The Vigilant Citizen
Posters over at 4Chan and Reddit have been conducting an extremely bizarre investigation following the John Podesta e-mail leak (Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman) and the results are surreal: They've apparently uncovered an elite child trafficking network which celebrates its tendencies using code words and disturbing artworks.
Warning: This article contains disturbing material
In my article Clinton's Campaign Chairman John Podesta Invited to an Occult ‘Spirit Cooking' Dinner by Marina Abramović, I explained how a mundane dinner invitation found in the Podesta e-mail leaks was actually a clear link to bizarre occult ceremonies happening at the highest levels of power. While that by itself was rather shocking, it appears to only be the tip of a very disgusting iceberg.
4Chan effectively unearthed a strange network of high-powered people who, through art, events and social media, actually celebrate a culture that revolves around death, torture, cannibalism and … child abuse. Most of this disturbing material was not even hidden, it was out there in the open, exposed on business' walls and posted on social media.
Furthermore, an analysis of the Podesta e-mails revealed that the network appeared to communicate using code words to cover up their shady dealings.
The epicenter of this entire thing is, believe or not, a hipster pizza place named Comet Ping Pong.
Comet Ping Pong
Comet Ping Pong is a ‘family friendly' pizzeria where people can eat, drink and play ping-pong.
The owner of Comet Ping Pong is James Alefantis who is, for some reason, ranked #49 in the top 50 ‘Most Powerful People in Washington' of GQ magazine.
Alefantis' boyfriend is David Brock, the founder of liberal media watchdog group Media Matters for America. He was described by Time magazine to be “one of the most influential operatives in the Democratic Party”. The power couple was heavily involved in Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Here's an e-mail sent by Alefantis to John Podesta.
In short, Alefantis is very connected to very powerful people. Now let's look at his Instagram account, which was publicly accessible until 4Chan began prying in. The account is filled with bizarre and disturbing pictures – often involving small children. Here are some examples (I can't even post them all).
Here's a definition of ‘chicken lover' found with a basic web search.
A regular guest at Comet Ping Pong is the performer Majestic Ape from the group Heavy Breathing.
Here's another video of that Ape joking about … sigh.
Another ‘radical' artist that is close to Comet Ping Pong is Marina Abramovic.
The Podesta Wikileaks dump revealed that John Podesta and his brother Tony were personally invited to Marina's Spirit Cooking event.
John Podesta
John David Podesta was the Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. He previously served as Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton and Counselor to President Barack Obama. Wikileaks released thousands of Podesta's e-mails and it was soon discovered that an inordinate amount of messages referred to ‘pizza' and ‘hot dogs'. Often times, these words were used in bizarre contexts and in sentences that did not make any sense.
Read my full article about Kim Noble here.
Then there's John Podesta's brother Tony, whose strange taste in art has even made the news. Here's an article from the Washington Post describing how guests were ‘horrified' by the art inside Podesta's bedroom.
Podesta's most notable piece is Louise Bourgeois' ‘The Art of Hysteria' – a sculpture of a headless man violently arching back. This sculpture was posted by Alefantis on Instagram. He apparently visited Podesta's home.
The sculpture depicts the violent physical reaction of patients suffering from hysteria.
“The physical tension of the hysterical arch – an intense muscular contraction, resulting in immobility and paralysis of the limbs – is emblematic of an equally extreme emotional state. Bourgeois makes this highly vulnerable position even more so by suspending her male figure from the ceiling.”
– National Gallery of Canada
The sculpture is also strikingly similar to one of Jeffrey Dahlmer's headless victims. I won't post the picture in this article but it can be found here. Dahlmer was a serial killer who abused and cannibalized young men. He often placed his victims in symbolic positions and took pictures of them.
An article from Washington Life describes Podesta's love from Marina Abramovic (do see the links connecting?) as well as “under-the-radar” artist named Biljana Djurdjevic.
“If you've ever dreamed of strolling through a museum with a slice of pizza and glass of wine in hand, you need to befriend superlobbyist Tony Podesta. Known about town as a legendary political “fix-it” man, Podesta has turned his Kalorama home into a shrine to contemporary art, ranging from relatively under-the-radar artists such as Serbian painter Biljana Djurdjevic to those who are much better known (like French sculptor Louise Bourgeois). (…) Currently he has collected from 40 different artists in some depth, with his top five being Marina Abramovic, Vik Muniz, Bourgeois, Olafur Eliasson and Antony Gormley.”
– Washington Life, Inside Homes: Private Viewing
Podesta has a large paint of Djurdjevic in his living room. Here's another painting by Djurdjevic.
In Conclusion
This article only contains some of the findings uncovered by ‘private investigators' online. What has been exposed is, most likely, only the tip of the iceberg of a huge, complex network that has many ramifications. Each thread could probably be investigated further and lead to even more disturbing facts connecting even more high-powered individuals.
Going through the material of this article is a difficult and painful process, but it exposes the true mind-state and philosophy of the occult elite. They publicly celebrate a specific culture of death, abuse and dehumanization through their art and events, leaving us to only speculate about what they do behind closed doors. The symbolism in the above images is in perfect accordance with the occult elite's culture that I have been describing on Vigilant Citizen for years.
The “Pizzagate” investigation reveals, at best, the disturbing culture of the elite and, at worst, an all-out child trafficking ring. And don't believe that only Democrats are into this. This is the true culture of the occult elite, a circle of powerful people who operate far above political parties, and far above the law.
___
http://vigilantcitizen.com/vigilantreport/pizzagate-4chan-uncovered-sick-world-washingtons-occult-elite/
Russia's top Islamic cleric has protested a provincial court order to declare a translation of the Quran as extremist and to destroy it.
Ravil Gainutdin, the head of the Council of Muftis of Russia, said in an open letter to President Vladimir Putin released Monday that the ruling was “illiterate” and “provocative.”
The Quran is available in Russian translation, but the court last week ruled that the translation by Elmir Kuliyev published in Saudi Arabia in 2002 violated federal law banning extremist materials.
Gainutdin said that the “Russian Muslims were appalled by the neglect of law shown by the court” in the Black Sea port of Novorossiisk and demanded that the verdict be revoked. He said the court's order to destroy the Muslim holy book was particularly outrageous.
Last Update: Monday, 23 September 2013 KSA 13:04 - GMT 10:04
Last spring, the Atheists, Humanists, & Agnostics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison held a Freethought Festival. It was a free conference with tons of speakers — very impressive for any student group to pull off — and they're planning to do it again next year. (If they invite me, I'm *so* there.)
I bring it up because they just released all the videos from the event! (I assume it's because they hate everyone who works during the day and can't watch these videos until the weekend.)
There are some incredible talks in here, though. The titles include “What the Pope Does Not Know About Human Sexuality,” “Recovering From Religion,” and “Debunking the ‘Christian Nation' Myth.”
You can check out the full list here
I gave a talk, too! If you're going to see me speak in the next few months, I would urge you not to see it just yet since I'll be giving a revised version of the same speech… but if you're not, have at it!
It's a preview of my forthcoming book on young atheists:
Feel free to critique the video. I refuse to see it because… well… I hate watching myself.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has approved extending the Trans Mountain pipeline, which may help Canada become the largest oil producer in the Americas.
Read more
The pipeline aims to move crude from central Alberta to the Pacific coast. The expansion would triple its initial capacity up to 890,000 barrels per day (bpd) from the current 300,000 barrels.
The project will cost Can$6.8 billion ($5 billion) and is expected to open the Asian market to crude exports from Canadian oil sands.
Upgrading the existing pipeline seems to be strategic for the economy, as Alberta has the world's third biggest reserve of crude, but it is too expensive to deliver by ship or rail from the site.
“The project will triple our capacity to get Canadian energy resources to international markets beyond the United States,” said Trudeau.
Critics of the pipeline expansion, including municipalities in British Columbia, environmental organizations, and aboriginal groups, have expressed concerns over climate change, pipeline leaks, spills, and fires.
Along with the Trans Mountain, Trudeau approved another pipeline - the Enbridge's Line 3, running from Alberta to the US state of Wisconsin. The new line aims to double the capacity to 760,000 bpd streaming south of the border.
On a day when the Canada govt will likely approve another #tarsands pipeline. This quote is all I can think about. #cdnpoli#climate#bcpolipic.twitter.com/WbqzPE3pjf — Mike Hudema (@MikeHudema) November 29, 2016
Trudeau rejected Enbridge's Northern Gateway project, which would cross the temperate Great Bear Rainforest. The pipeline was also set to pave the way to new markets in Asia, with China likely to purchase a large proportion of the transported crude.
However, the project failed to win the approval over worries about spills on land and at sea. “The Great Bear Rainforest is no place for a pipeline, and the Douglas Channel is no place for oil tanker traffic,” said Trudeau.
Andrew Milligan/PA Wire/PA Images
There are 14 seats that the opposition parties in Scotland think they could win from the SNP in June's general election, party insiders have told BuzzFeed News. In 2015's election, the SNP won 56 out of a possible 59 seats in Scotland with each of the other three main parties taking one each. As a result of Brexit and the prospect of another Scottish independence referendum, the other parties are adamant that will represent a high-water mark for the SNP. The Conservatives have marked two seats in the borders of Scotland and one in the northeast where they think they can gain from the SNP, and a further four where they think they stand an outside chance. The Lib Dems believe there are three seats they could win and a further three that they will pour resources into in the hope they can cause a big upset with their clear pro-EU and pro-UK stance.
1. Dumfries and Galloway Danny Lawson / PA Archive/PA Images Dalswinton wind farm in Dumfries and Galloway
The Conservatives believe they will take all three border seats, including the return of Scotland's only Tory MP, David Mundell. The Borders are broadly more anti-independence than Scotland's central belt, but the Tories would have to overturn a 6,000 majority from incumbent SNP MP Richard Arkless to win Dumfries and Galloway. However, the area had a high Leave vote in last year's EU referendum compared with the rest of Scotland, with 46.9% of locals opting to leave the EU, which favours the Conservatives. Dumfries and Galloway also voted 65% to stay in the UK in 2014's Scottish referendum, and in last year's Scottish elections both the constituencies that make up the area returned Conservative MSPs. Chance of an SNP loss: High
2. Berwickshire, Roxburgh, and Selkirk Danny Lawson / PA Archive/PA Images Calum Kerr, SNP MP for Berwickshire, Roxburgh, and Selkirk
Like Dumfries and Galloway, the Border constituency of Berwickshire, Roxburgh, and Selkirk is prime territory for a Conservative gain from the incumbent SNP MP Calum Kerr. Only 300 votes separated him and his Conservative opponent in 2015, John Lamont, who will run again despite becoming an MSP in 2016. It's part of the Scottish Borders area, which voted 41.5% for leaving the EU last year, and in 2014's Scottish referendum it voted 66.6% against independence. In the 2016 Scottish election, it was a Conservative hold with Lamont securing over 55% of the vote. Chance of an SNP loss: High
3. Banff and Buchan Andrew Milligan / PA Archive/PA Images Alex Salmond with SNP Banff and Buchan candidate Eilidh Whiteford and fellow SNP candidate Stuart Donaldson after it was announced they had won their seats
SNP MP Eilidh Whiteford secured a huge win in 2015 with 60.2%, but the Scottish Conservatives believe that the vote to leave the EU will deliver a big swing in their favour in June. The constituency includes several fishing communities, which are largely anti-EU, and the area that contains the constituency, Aberdeenshire, voted 45% to leave the EU in last year's referendum. It delivered a 60% vote to stay in the UK in 2014, and, although it returned an SNP MSP in 2016, the party's vote share crumbled by over 12% while the Conservative candidate's increased by 13%. Chances of an SNP loss: Medium
4. Moray Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images Scotland's first minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, and the party's Westminster leader Angus Robertson
Moray's MP is the deputy leader of the SNP, Angus Robertson, who has represented the area since the election in 2001. In 2015, he increased his vote share to 49.5% and has a huge majority of 9,000. However, he now represents the most anti-EU part of Scotland and the Conservatives think they have an outside chance of causing a huge upset. Insiders have said they will be piling resources into the seat, and it will be contested by the incumbent Conservative MSP, Douglas Ross. The area came within a sliver of voting Leave with 49.9% of locals backing an EU exit. Moreover, 59.5% voted to stay in the UK in 2014, and, like in Banff and Buchan, the successful SNP MSP saw his vote share decline by 11.7% in the Scottish election. Chances of an SNP loss: Low
5. West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine Andrew Milligan / PA Archive/PA Images SNP candidate for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine Stuart Donaldson with his girlfriend Lucy Emptage after it was announced he won his seat
The SNP's successful candidate in 2015, Stuart Donaldson, got 41.6% of the vote and enjoys a big majority of around 7,000 over his Conservative rival. However, like in other north east seats, the Conservatives believe the Brexit vote has boosted their chances in the area. The areas which make up the constituency both voted around 45% to leave the EU, which is relatively high in Scotland, and between 56% and 60% to remain in the UK in 2014. The Scottish constituency of Aberdeenshire West, which forms a part of the UK constituency, was a Tory gain from the SNP in 2016. Chances of an SNP loss: Medium
6. East Renfrewshire Danny Lawson/PA Archive Kirsten Oswald SNP MP for East Renfrewshire
East Renfrewshire, south of Glasgow, does not seem like a typical Conservative target seat. The party came third in the election in 2015, behind incumbent SNP MP Kirsten Oswald and then-Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy, and only 1 in 4 voters opted to leave the EU last year. However, it was strongly pro-union in 2014, with a Yes vote of just 36.8%, and it produced one of the shock results of the 2016 election when its corresponding Scottish parliament constituency, Eastwood, returned a Conservative gain from Labour. The Tories hope to pull off a similar shock in June. Chances of an SNP loss: Medium
7. Perth and North Perthshire Pa / PA Wire/PA Images Incumbent SNP MP Pete Wishart
SNP MP Pete Wishart has held the Perth and North Perthshire seat since it was created in 2005 and has increased his majority at each election, returning over 50% of the vote in 2015 with a majority of 10,000. In the 2017 election, he'll be facing well-known Scottish Conservative MEP Ian Duncan. The Perth and Kinross area produced a low Brexit vote of 38.9% but was strongly anti-independence, with 60% voting No in 2014. Perthshire North returned deputy first minister John Swinney to Holyrood in 2016, but his vote share dropped by over 12% while the Tory vote share increased by the same amount. The Conservatives also believe Wishart's often controversial tweets, such as when he called No voters "nawbags", will play into their hands in terms of motivating the pro-UK vote to go to the polling booths. Chances of an SNP loss: Low
8. East Dunbartonshire Andrew Milligan / PA Archive/PA Images Former Liberal Democrat MP Jo Swinson speaking at the Scottish Liberal Democrats spring conference
The first notable attempt at a political comeback in Scotland came from the Lib Dems, who announced former government minister Jo Swinson would be re-contesting her old seat of East Dunbartonshire against SNP MP John Nicolson. Swinson lost the seat by just 2,000 votes in 2015 after a 30% increase in the vote share of the SNP. The seat produced a very low Leave vote of 28.6% but it's unclear who that will favour out of the Lib Dems and SNP, both of which are pro-EU. The seat did, however, vote 61.2% to stay in the UK. In 2016, the constituency – which is split into two constituencies in Scottish elections – returned two SNP MSPs with substantial majorities. The SNP hope the pro-UK vote in the area will be split between the Lib Dems, Labour, and the Conservatives to prevent Swinson's return to Westminster. Chances of an SNP loss: Medium
9. Edinburgh West Pa / PA Wire/PA Images Michelle Thomson speaking in the House of Commons
The Edinburgh West constituency has been fraught with controversy since then-SNP MP Michelle Thomson's victory in 2015. Thomson had the SNP whip removed from her after police began an investigation into some property deals from her former business partner. Thomson has never been proven guilty of any wrongdoing but the Lib Dems believe the SNP's reputation has been damaged in the area as a result of the surrounding controversy and the way the party dealt with the issue. It is yet unclear whether Thomson will be able to stand for the SNP, or if she'll do so as an independent. If she is an independent, the Lib Dems believe the SNP will encounter difficulties because of the dual campaigns. Edinburgh voted 75% Remain in the EU referendum, and 61% against independence in 2014. Crucially, the Lib Dems won a shock gain from the SNP in the Edinburgh West constituency in the Scottish election last year, and the winning MSP, Alex Cole-Hamilton, will be the campaign director for the general election. Chances of an SNP loss: High
10. North East Fife Andrew Milligan / PA Wire/PA Images Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie with a ram during a visit to Mill House farm in Kelty, Fife, as he campaigned in the Scottish local elections
North East Fife was a Lib Dem stronghold for decades until the SNP's victory in 2015, which returned Stephen Gethins, the party's Europe spokesperson in Westminster, to the UK parliament with a majority of 4,000. Fife as a whole registered a 41.4% Leave vote in 2016 and a 55% No vote in 2014 so is not being considered fertile ground by the Lib Dems on those issues alone. However, Scottish Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie ran a strong local campaign for the Scottish election in 2016 and gained the seat from the SNP by over 3,000 votes. The party is confident it can replicate 2016's success in June. Chances of an SNP loss: High
11. Ross, Skye, and Lochaber Danny Lawson / PA Archive/PA Images Former Liberal Democrat MP Charles Kennedy
The former seat of late Lib Dem MP Charles Kennedy, Ross, Skye, and Lochaber was traditionally seen as a party stronghold but Kennedy was swept aside in the 2015 election in what he referred to as "the night of the long sgian dubhs". The SNP MP Ian Blackford will be protecting a majority of around 5,000 against the second-place Lib Dems, but the party believe the outpouring of grief for Kennedy after his death led many to question whether they made the right decision in 2015. The Highland area voted 44% for Leave in the EU referendum, and only 52% against independence in 2014, so the Lib Dems will struggle to win the seat on constitutional matters alone. The area was also a healthy hold for the SNP in 2016, when the local MSP Kate Forbes increased the SNP's vote share while the Lib Dems fell by nearly 8%. Chances of an SNP loss: Low
12. Gordon Andrew Milligan / PA Archive/PA Images Alex Salmond at his home in Strichen
The Gordon constituency was won in 2015 by the SNP's most well-known MP and Scotland's former first minister, Alex Salmond. He took the seat with nearly 48% of the vote despite the fact it was held by the Lib Dems since the 1990s. The Lib Dems accept it's unlikely they'll be able to defeat such a big-name MP in this general election, but they're not ruling it out entirely. Aberdeenshire delivered a 45% vote to leave the EU and many fishing communities dislike the SNP's plan to return an independent Scotland to the EU. It was also 60% against independence in 2014, and, surprisingly, part of the constituency is in the Holyrood constituency of Aberdeenshire West, which returned a Conservative gain from the SNP in 2016's election – so it's unclear where allegiances really lie. Chances of an SNP loss: Low
13. Caithness, Sutherland, and Ross Danny Lawson / PA Archive/PA Images The Prince of Wales receives the Freedom of Caithness during a ceremony at the Assembly Rooms in Wick.
Caithness, Sutherland, and Ross in the Highlands is another seat that was Lib Dem for a long time until the SNP's major victory in 2015. Dr Paul Monaghan MP unseated John Thurso with a majority of nearly 4,000 in the last election. However, Monaghan has been one of the most controversial MPs of the 2015 SNP group. He has referred to the union flag as a "butcher's apron" and compared the Westminster government to the Third Reich. The Lib Dems hope the controversy surrounding the SNP MP, alongside its tradition in the area, will give them a chance of a gain. It voted 44% for Brexit as part of the Highland area, 47% for independence, and returned an SNP MSP in 2016. However, the Lib Dems increased their vote share by 8.8% in the Holyrood election, while the SNP's decreased by 5.1%. Chances of an SNP loss: Medium
14. East Lothian Mark Runnacles / PA Wire/PA Images Iain Gray MSP
Lexicon
Train up
חֲנֹ֣ךְ
(ḥă·nōḵ)
Verb - Qal - Imperative - masculine singular
To narrow, to initiate, discipline
a child
לַ֭נַּעַר
(lan·na·‘ar)
Preposition-l, Article | Noun - masculine singular
A boy, lad, youth, retainer
in
עַל־
(‘al-)
Preposition
Above, over, upon, against
the way
דַרְכּ֑וֹ
(ḏar·kōw)
Noun - common singular construct | third-person masculine singular
A road, a course of life, mode of action
he should go,
פִּ֣י
(pî)
Noun - masculine singular construct
The mouth, edge, portion, side, according to
and
גַּ֥ם
(gam)
Conjunction
Assemblage, also, even, yea, though, both, and
when
כִּֽי־
(kî-)
Conjunction
A relative conjunction
he is old
יַ֝זְקִ֗ין
(yaz·qîn)
Verb - Hifil - Imperfect - third-person masculine singular
To be or become old
he will not
לֹֽא־
(lō-)
Adverb - Negative particle
Not, no
depart
יָס֥וּר
(yā·sūr)
Verb - Qal - Imperfect - third-person masculine singular
To turn aside
from it.
מִמֶּֽנָּה׃
(mim·men·nāh)
Preposition | third-person feminine singular
A part of, from, out of
Verse 6.
Train up a child in the way he should go.
chanak
Initiate a child in accordance with his way.
derek
when he is old, he will not depart from it.
Proverbium est
"Adeo in teneris consuescere multum est."
"Nunc adbibe puro
Pectore verba, puer."
"Quo semel est imbuta recens, servabit odorem
Testa diu."
"Cui puer assuescit, major dimittere nescit."
"Quod nova testa capit, inveterata sapit."
Jump to Previous
Jump to Next
Links
The verb translated "train" () means, first, "to put something into the mouth," "to give to be tasted," as nurses give to infants food which they have masticated in order to prepare it for their nurslings; thence it comes to signify "to give elementary instruction," "to imbue," "to train." The Hebrew literally is,The Authorized Version, with which Ewald agrees, takes the maxim to mean that the child should be trained from the first in the right path - the path of obedience and religion. This is a very true and valuable rule, but it is not what the author intends. "His way" must mean one of two things - either his future calling and station, or his character and natural inclination and capacity. Delitzsch and Plumptre take the latter interpretation; Nowack and Bertheau the former, on the ground thatis not used in the other sense suggested. But, as far as use is concerned, both explanations stand on much the same ground; and it seems more in conformity with the moralist's age and nation to see in the maxim an injunction to consider the child's nature, faculties, and temperament, in the education which is given to him. If, from his early years, a child is thus trained,This way, this education in accordance with his idiosyncrasy, will bear fruit all his life long; it will become a second nature, and will never be obliterated. The Vulgate commences the verse with, taking the first word substantively, as if the author here cited a trite saying; but the rendering is a mistake. There are similar maxims, common at all times and in all countries. Virg., 'Georg.,' 2:272 -Horace, 'Epist.,' 1:2, 67 -For, as he proceeds -Thus we have two mediaeval jingles -Then there is the German saw, "Jung gewohnt, alt gethan." "What youth learns, age does not forget," says the Danish proverb. In another and a sad sense the French exclaim, "St jeunesse savait! si vieillesse pouvait!" All the early manuscripts of the Septuagint omit this verse; m some of the later it has been supplied from Theodotion.22:1 We should be more careful to do that by which we may get and keep a good name, than to raise or add unto a great estate. 2. Divine Providence has so ordered it, that some are rich, and others poor, but all are guilty before God; and at the throne of God's grace the poor are as welcome as the rich. 3. Faith foresees the evil coming upon sinners, and looks to Jesus Christ as the sure refuge from the storm. 4. Where the fear of God is, there will be humility. And much is to be enjoyed by it; spiritual riches, and eternal life at last. 5. The way of sin is vexatious and dangerous. But the way of duty is safe and easy. 6. Train children, not in the way they would go, that of their corrupt hearts, but in the way they should go; in which, if you love them, you would have them go. As soon as possible every child should be led to the knowledge of the Saviour. 7. This shows how important it is for every man to keep out of debt. As to the things of this life, there is a difference between the rich and the poor; but let the poor remember, it is the Lord that made the difference. 8. The power which many abuses, will soon fail them. 9. He that seeks to relieve the wants and miseries of others shall be blessed. 10. Profane scoffers and revilers disturb the peace. 11. God will be the Friend of a man in whose spirit there is no guile; this honour has all the saints. 12. God turns the counsels and designs of treacherous men to their own confusion. 13. The slothful man talks of a lion without, but considers not his real danger from the devil, that roaring lion within, and from his own slothfulness, which kills him. 14. The vile sin of licentiousness commonly besots the mind beyond recovery. 15. Sin is foolishness, it is in the heart, there is an inward inclination to sin: children bring it into the world with them; and it cleaves close to the soul. We all need to be corrected by our heavenly Father. 16. We are but stewards, and must distribute what God intrusts to our care, according to his will.Alphabetical: a and child depart Even from go he in is it not old should the Train turn up way when will
Story highlights Brother of alleged victim says attack happened at family home
Actress suffered burns to her face, leg, arm and eye
A young Pakistani actress was in critical condition Sunday after a man threw acid on her face while she was sleeping, her brother said.
The alleged attack on 18-year-old Bushra Waiz happened early Saturday at the family home in Nowshera, in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Akhtar Waiz told CNN his family was asleep in the courtyard when a man burst in and threw acid on his sister.
Bushra Waiz, who is also known as Shazia Aziz, is a Pashto-language singer, actress and theater artist.
She suffered burns to the right side of her face. Doctors said her right leg, arm and eye were also injured.
When the Penguins acquired Phil last offseason the was immediately a perfect fit on his love for hot dogs alone.
Then on Halloween his costume earned him a few more points, with many of us loving how a guy that looks like us could be so awesome.
The rest of the world jumped on and fell in love with Phil a few weeks back when he informed Pierre McGuire that he probably had bad breath.
On today's Pardon My Take Podcast former Penguin Ryan Whitney recounted a story from the 2010 Olympics where he and Phil spent there off day cheering on the women.
“Phil Kessel is a legend. I remember the day before the Olympic Gold Medal game in Vancouver, 2010. The game was at noon on a Sunday, we went to the women's gold medal game (US vs Canada) at 3:00 Saturday. We walked up and get our seats and Phil goes down and is walking back up with a LARGE plate of nachos, COVERED in cheese.” –Ryan Whitney 6/8/16 Pardon My Take Podcast
Now I know what you're saying…. “they would have won the Gold medal if he wasn't in a food coma” and yes you may be right however I'd argue that you're forgetting about how they lost that game.
If you're keeping score at home that means we have Sidney Crosby AND Phil Kessel suiting up tomorrow, put it in the books.
And if you're superstitious lets all go out for lunch here and order some nachos.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2011 January 23
Peekskill Fireball Video: Johnstown
Credit: J. Derr (WWCP)
Explanation: The Peekskill meteor of 1992 was captured on 16 independent videos and then struck a car. Documented as brighter than the full Moon, the spectacular fireball crossed parts of several USA states during its 40 seconds of glory before landing in New York. A video of the fireball beyond a high school football game in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, USA, is pictured above. The resulting meteorite is imaged here, and was found to be composed of dense rock and has the size and mass of an extremely heavy bowling ball. If you are lucky enough to find a meteorite just after impact, do not pick it up -- parts of it are likely to be either very hot or very cold. Tracking meteors origins and destinations might be easier in this modern digital age, but many security cameras videos that likely caught a bright fireball are not preserved. If you would like to volunteer to help meteor science by locating images and videos of newly occurring fireballs within 48 hours after they occur, here is a place to sign up.
The Psychiatry Museum vs. the Reasonable Radical By Bryan Caplan
During my last visit to LA, I visited the Psychiatry: An Industry of Death Museum. Though I knew the Church of Scientology was heavily involved, I was still favorably predisposed. I reject the philosophy of mind that underlies modern psychiatry, and I'm very skeptical about the net long-run benefits of psychiatric treatment. I'm not just an explicit Szaszian; I won the 2005 Szasz Prize. If I wouldn't appreciate this aggressively-named museum, who would?
Unfortunately, Psychiatry: An Industry of Death was a big disappointment. I was pleased to see multiple video clips of the great Thomas Szasz. I was fascinated by the gruesome tools of early psychiatry. But I can't imagine any normal American finding the museum remotely persuasive.
Why not? First and foremost, because the museum defends a radical position without admitting that it's radical! This is a bad strategy even when your audience is a blank slate; if you manage to pique their curiosity, they'll still quickly discover that you were misrepresenting controversy as consensus. But if your audience is already familiar with the standard story, defending a radical position without admitting it's radical is rhetorically disastrous. You instantly sound like a brainwashed cultist, too caught up in your own weirdness to even comprehend the standard view. And that's precisely how Psychiatry: An Industry of Death sounds. Since almost every American adult takes the disease model of mental illness for granted, you can't credibly start with the flat-out denial of that premise.
Instead, the reasonable radical must take a circuitous path.
Step 1: Fairly describe the conventional view – and grant that it is the conventional view.
Step 2: Make many common-sense observations inconsistent with the conventional view.
Step 3: Show that your radical view explains these anomalous observations.
Step 4: Now, double back and start pointing out deeper flaws in the conventional view.
Step 5: Consider and address counter-arguments.
Step 6: Tirelessly but calmly return to Step 2.
Take my writings on mental illness.
Step 1: I unambiguously acknowledge that I'm criticizing the standard view that most people take for granted.
Step 2: I make common-sense observations such as (a) alleged symptoms of mental illness are usually responsive to incentives, (b) delusions and even hallucinations aren't generally considered symptoms of mental illness as long as they're part of an established religion, (c) many strange lifestyles (e.g. extreme mountain climbing) aren't classified as mental illnesses, even when they're more self-destructive than other strange lifestyles (e.g. heroin addiction) that are classified as mental illnesses.
Step 3: Present my alternative view that mental illness largely (though perhaps not exclusively) amounts to extreme, socially stigmatized preferences; in other words, that the label is a moral judgment masquerading as a medical judgment.
Step 4: Cover topics like how psychiatrists “discovered” that homosexuality wasn't really a mental illness.
Step 5: Consider hard cases like visual hallucinations.
Step 6: Keep arguing – and keep listening.
You could object that I fail to live up to my own standards; I'm not the “reasonable radical” I claim to be. But either way, my larger point holds. If you want to sell a radical position to normal people, you have to meet them where they stand. You have to admit that their incredulity is understandable. And you, the radical, must assume the burden of proof. Otherwise, you just sound crazy.
THE AFL and Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority remained in conversations on Tuesday over the immediate future of Greater Western Sydney midfielder Lachie Whitfield.
Whitfield is alleged to have breached the AFL's anti-doping code and ASADA has reportedly formed the view he should be charged under that policy.
An ASADA spokesperson told AFL.com.au on Tuesday: "Conversations between AFL and ASADA are ongoing, following receipt of legal advice on these matters".
Former ASADA boss Richard Ings said it was still unclear if Whitfield would be charged under the AFL's illicit drugs policy or the League's anti-doping code.
There are reported to be incriminating text messages between the GWS midfielder and his former girlfriend that show he was allegedly trying to avoid drug testers.
If Whitfield was trying to avoid ASADA tests for performance enhancing drugs, he faces a much heftier ban than if he was avoiding AFL illicit drug testers.
"Based on media reports, this appears to be a matter that could either fall under the AFL illicit drugs policy or fall under the ASADA anti-doping policy," Ings told AFL.com.au.
"I am sure both the AFL and ASADA are working cooperatively to identify exactly where these unusual set of circumstances regarding this player actually fall and under which policy this matter should be taken forward, if at all.
"While not drawing any conclusions in regard to this particular matter, in general where an athlete is involved in avoiding anti-doping testing conducted by ASADA, a sanction ranging up to a four-year ban from competition can be imposed."
Whitfield is alleged to have breached either the anti-doping code or illicit drugs policy in 2015 when he avoided drug testers by staying at former Greater Western Sydney welfare manager Craig Lambert's house.
Former GWS football manager Graeme Allan and Lambert have been accused of conspiring for Whitfield to stay at the latter's home to avoid drug testers and would receive lengthy bans if found guilty.
Allan, who has engaged the services of senior litigation and dispute resolution lawyer Leon Zwier, is now at Collingwood and Lambert is with the Brisbane Lions.
If Whitfield's alleged offence is deemed to fall under the anti-doping code, ASADA will ask the AFL to issue infraction notices if it believes a breach has taken place.
Whitfield would then front the AFL anti-doping Tribunal.
It remains possible the Whitfield matter could come under the AFL's illicit drugs policy and the path forward would not involve ASADA.
If the alleged breach falls under the anti-doping code, Whitfield's ban would likely start at four years and then potentially be reduced down based on circumstances.
GWS commissioned an independent investigation last year into the allegations against Whitfield and found there was no significant basis to support the allegation he had attempted to avoid drug testers.
It has been reported that Allan would fight the allegations he conspired for Whitfield to avoid drug testers if charged and dismiss the credibility of text messages between Whitfield and his former girlfriend.
Allan's legal counsel declined to comment when contacted by AFL.com.au.
This opening, known as a polynya, is the largest observed in the Weddell Sea since the 1970s, according to Professor Kent Moore of the University of Toronto in Canada. (Reuters)
A mysterious and massive hole, with an area of 80,000 square kilometres, has been spotted in the winter sea ice cover around Antarctica, scientists say. This opening, known as a polynya, is the largest observed in the Weddell Sea since the 1970s, according to Professor Kent Moore of the University of Toronto in Canada. At its largest extent, this winter's polynya had an area of open water close to 80,000 square kilometres (km2), he said. Researchers said the event marks the second year in a row in which the polynya has formed, although it was not as large last year. Without the insulating effect of sea ice cover, a polynya allows the atmosphere and ocean to exchange heat, momentum and moisture leading to significant impacts on climate. Ocean convection occurs within the polynya bringing warmer water to the surface that melts the sea ice and prevents new ice from forming. Moore collaborated with members of the Southern Ocean Carbon and Climate Observations and Modelling (SOCCOM) project to investigate these polynyas and their climate impacts.
Due to the harshness of the Antarctic winter and the difficulties of operating within its pack ice, there exist few direct observations of these polynyas and their impacts on the atmospheric and oceanic circulation, researchers said. As part of the SOCCOM project, robotic profiling floats capable of operating under sea ice have deployed in the region for the past number of years.
Last month, one of these floats surfaced inside the Weddell Sea polynya, providing unique data on its existence, researchers said.
With these new ocean measurements, along with space-based observations and climate models, comes the possibility that these polynyas' secrets and their impacts on the climate may finally be revealed, they said.
As I was saying in the previous related post, Youtube users strike hard again serving us inalienable truths on the world we live in. This time the most “beautiful women in the world” come from Northern Europe, in the region of the Baltic Sea: Estonia.
Most beautiful American Sluts Wannabes? Maybe. Gorgeous-looking females? Maybe next life. Not only that real Estonian girls don't even look like that, but with tons of make-up and dyed blonde hair, this particular batch of “most beautifuls” looks as if it's ready to embark on a kitsch voyage in any old tycoon's limousine that's morally bankrupt enough to ask them.
Most Concludent Comment:
“estonian women are hot but they prefer russian men for some reason. this is why entonian men hate russia so much. my girlfriend is estonian”
by supertuber97, a brilliant lucid mind from Russia explaining historical conflicts with great insight. He has an Estonian girlfriend.
Featured image source.
Vegan for Breakfast: 12 Quick and Easy Recipes
Sarah Von Alt |
1. Quick & Easy Pancakes
The name says it all. Recipe here.
2. Scrambled Tofu
A vegan classic! Recipe.
3. Vegan Overnight Oats
Easy AND delicious. Recipe here.
4. Waffle Iron Hash Browns
PRO TIP: You can use frozen tater tots to make this recipe even easier.
5. Super Quick Vegan Crepes
Super quick. Recipe.
6. 5–Minute Oatmeal Power Bowl
Try this recipe topped with your favorite nuts and dried fruit!
7. Raspberry Coconut Smoothie
Light and refreshing! Get the recipe.
8. Tofu Scramble With Sundried Tomatoes and Basil
A twist on a classic. Recipe here.
9. 5–Ingredient Vegan Banana French Toast
Yes, please! Get the recipe.
10. Super Green Smoothie Bowl
A healthy way to start your day! Recipe here.
11. Avocado and Black Sesame Sprinkle on Sourdough
Quick, savory, and perfect for when you're on the go. Recipe.
12. Peach Oat Smoothie
Yum! Get the recipe.
Students commemorate the Nakba as right-wing nationalists with Im Tirtzu carrying Israeli flags try to interrupt the ceremony outside Tel Aviv University, 11 May. Oren Ziv ActiveStills
Samer Asakli expects anti-Palestinian racism at Haifa University, but he did not imagine he would be punished after commemorating the Nakba, what Palestinians term the ethnic cleansing of their homeland in 1948, on campus on 12 May.
When approximately fifty Palestinians gathered for a small commemoration in an outdoor area on campus, they were surrounded by dozens of police officers and university security guards. Rightwing Jewish students from the Im Tirtzu movement, an ultra-nationalist group whose members have previously threatened Palestinian students at Israeli universities, were allowed to protest the commemoration by waving Israeli flags.
As if it weren't bad enough that the student union threw a dance party to humiliate the Palestinian students who had gathered to quietly commemorate the Nakba after the university revoked a permit to hold a rally, Asakli said he was informed that he and four other participants were banned from “being seen on campus outside of our lectures.”
Two organizers were fully suspended for the duration of the school year, but a local court reversed that decision on Tuesday following a petition by Adalah, a Haifa-based advocacy group that works to promote the rights of Palestinians in Israel.
“It is unfortunate we needed to turn to the courts to convince Haifa University not to harm the students' rights to protest and express their opinion. The university's decision was arbitrary and extreme,” attorney Sawsan Zaher, who represented the students, was quoted as saying in an Adalah press release.
Groups banned
“I have a clean record,” Asakli, a 22-year-old undergraduate studying political science, told The Electronic Intifada. “I have never been in trouble with the university and have good grades.”
Haifa University's administration also announced that three left-wing Palestinian student groups — al-Jabha, Balad and Abna al-Balad — are now banned from holding political events on campus for the remainder of the semester.
As Israeli universities and the authorities have escalated a crackdown on Palestinian students in recent years — including police harassment at peaceful protests, the arrests of student activists and routinely denying Palestinian students' requests to hold events — Nakba commemorations have become a focal point for Israeli politicians and school administrations.
On Monday this week, dozens of students protested on campus against the university's decision to punish the students.
“Haifa University wants to prevent the word of our Nakba getting out in any way,” Asakli said. “They give us excuses to deny all of our protests or ceremonies … they say things like there is no available space or there is no auditorium for our lectures.”
Suspended
Asakli, from the village of Meghar, is active in the youth communist movement in present-day Israel.
He refused to serve in Israel's occupation military by intentionally failing a mental aptitude test and gaining exemption. Asakli is a member of the Druze religious minority, who unlike other Palestinian citizens of Israel are required to serve in the army.
Yet this is the first time the university targeted Asakli for punishment, he said.
Though the university initially approved an application submitted by a number of Palestinian student groups, the organizers were later informed that the permission was revoked. However, they decided to go ahead with the Nakba commemoration.
Afterwards, when the students attempted to bring lawyers to university in order to accompany them during talks with the administration, campus security prevented them from entering.
Tareq Yassin is the secretary of Haifa University's student wing of al-Jabha, a left-wing political party in Israel. Along with Ahmad Masalha, the secretary of the student wing of Abna al-Balad, a Palestinian political movement in present-day Israel, 23-year-old Yassin was initially suspended for the remainder of the semester.
“I was targeted because I was one of the organizers,” he said. “Al-Jabha party has had a lot of problems at Haifa University. For the last three years, they have denied all of our requests to commemorate the Nakba.”
“Racist talk”
However, Israeli students with the extreme right Im Tirtzu were not punished when they protested without the university's approval.
In addition to protesting the Nakba commemoration, “[Im Tirtzu] were passing out flyers full of racist talk about Arabs and offensive claims about the Nakba,” said Yassin.
Haifa's dean of students tried to mitigate criticism of the university by telling the Israeli daily Haaretz that he did not approve of the student union playing music during the Nakba commemoration.
However, the seven Palestinian students were the only ones punished, while the Jewish Israeli students who held an unapproved event were not.
Yassin added that Im Tirtzu is allowed to act freely on campus “without any problems whatsoever.”
“Im Tirtzu shows up at all of our events,” said Asakli. “Even right-wing extremists like the settler Baruch Marzel have come to the university without the administration's permission, but they do not have any problems or consequences.”
Marzel is an American-born Israeli settler who lives in a Jewish-only colony in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron. Known for his extremism, he has been prevented from entering Israeli campuses in the past.
Marzel and other settlers are known to attack Palestinian residents of Hebron, according to activists based in that city. Elsewhere, he has organized violent rallies against African asylum seekers in Tel Aviv, and harassed an Israeli minister in response to Israel's participation in negotiations with the Palestinian Authority.
More recently, in February 2013, Marzel visited the university to rally support in the elections for Israel's parliament, the Knesset.
Haifa University also recently prevented student groups from bringing Muhammad Kanaaneh, a prominent Palestinian politician, for a speaking event last week. Kanaaneh — who was imprisoned by Israel for more than four years for “contact with a foreign agent” — was arrested the moment he arrived on campus.
“The university told us that he is a security threat,” Asakli said, adding that the administration did not explain how Kanaaneh's lecture posed a threat.
Police also banned Kanaaneh, who is a senior member of Abna al-Balad, from coming to the city of Haifa for fifteen days.
Last month, Tel Aviv University also banned Kanaaneh from campus and from giving a lecture about Palestinian history. Although the university granted left-wing student organizations permission to host Kanaaneh, that permission was subsequently revoked following right-wing protests against the event.
“We always see these racist policies against Palestinians in all of the universities. They send security and police to all of our events on campus,” Yassin said. “It is a reflection of the state's racist policies against Palestinians on a smaller level in the academic settings.”
“All of the extremist right-wing movements like Im Tirtzu get a free pass in Israel,” Yassin added. “But they have a created a militarized environment for Palestinian students.”
Systematic discrimination
Nearly 1.7 million Palestinian citizens live in villages, towns and cities across present-day Israel. Dozens of discriminatory laws stifle their political freedoms and limit their access to land and other state resources.
Palestinian rights groups in Israel have documented systematic discrimination against Palestinian students at Israeli universities. The Arab Culture Association's annual report for 2011-2012 documents dozens of instances in which universities “limited the freedom of expression of Arab students and groups.”
At Hebrew University in occupied East Jerusalem, around 200 students assembled for a Nakba commemoration on 14 May.
Students told The Electronic Intifada that there was a heavy police presence in addition to the university security.
Palestinian student groups at Hebrew University decried the measures taken against them in a statement addressing the general uptick in repression: “The university administration could not help but feel ashamed due to the contradiction between these kinds of oppression and the fake image it is trying to send to the world as being a liberal and democratic space.”
Hundreds also gathered in front of Tel Aviv University on 11 May, where dozens of students shared personal testimony of their families' dispossession, read out the names of destroyed villages and recited Palestinian poetry.
Both events were protested by Israeli students from Im Tirtzu and greeted with police intimidation.
But Palestinian student groups at Haifa University intend to continue commemorating the Nakba and other Israeli massacres against the Palestinians.
“The universities and other institutions in Israel are horrified of the word ‘Nakba,'” said Asakli. “And that's because they know that they are part of the problem.”
Patrick O. Strickland is an independent journalist and regular contributor to The Electronic Intifada. His website is www.patrickostrickland.com. Follow him on Twitter: @P_Strickland_.
I had assumed that everyone has heard the story about the blind men and the elephant.
However, in a very non-scientific poll of a hand full of fellow engineers at my day job, only about half had.
So I was going to try to quote it here, but when I looked up a reference for it, I came across a joke that amused the pants off me.
So here's the joke:
Six blind elephants were discussing what men were like. After arguing they decided to find one and determine what it was like by direct experience. The first blind elephant felt the man and declared, ‘Men are flat.' After the other blind elephants felt the man, they agreed. Moral: “We have to remember that what we observe is not nature in itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.”- Werner Heisenberg wikipedia entry
Well. I thought it was funny.
Trust me that this ties in with software development and testing.
Perspective
I've had a long-ish career as a software engineer and now a team lead.
It's been about 18 years so far since I started my career in writing software for test and measurement equipment.
My job and tasks changed about every 6 months or so, as stuff was completed, and new assignments came around.
I also switched divisions several times, working on spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, cellular test instruments, satellite test systems, and a slew if internal productivity tools.
Every one of the teams I've been on has been different.
Every software task has been different.
And this is all within the umbrella of embedded test equipment software.
If the different projects I've worked on have been so different, even within this small piece of embedded development, then surely the projects that you are working on are quite a bit different than mine.
There are gobs of different types of software getting developed in the world.
I have no idea if the advice and learnings that I share on this blog are relevant to you and your job. I hope it is useful.
All I have is my own experience to base it on, and readings I've done from others.
Therefore, if anything I say seems off kilter to your own experience, please:
Speak up. Let me know. Comment on the blog. It will help others that have experience closer to you than to my own experience. Be open minded. It may seem like we are miles apart in perspective and opinion. But remember, we are just probably experiencing a different part of the same elephant.
Opinions
I'm actually quite opinionated about, well, just about everything.
However, I have been keeping my opinions in check (mostly) on the site.
I'm not sure why.
I think I'll try to let my opinions fly freely a bit more.
We are bound to disagree on something.
Don't take it personally.
It would be boring if we agreed on everything.
I actually have Harry Percival of Test-Driven Development with Python fame to thank. I talked with him for a brief time. And he encouraged me to let more opinions run free. Those weren't his words. But the general sentiment is correct.
BTW, Harry's book is really worth a read, especially if you are new to django development. I like his emphasis on top-down, pragmatic TDD.
Dogma
When I think of dogma, I can't help but think of Alan Rickman in the Dogma movie. Great movie.
But I'm more thinking of this:
Dogma is a principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true. wikipedia entry
In my mind, this has no place in software development or in software testing.
Care about what you are doing. Really try to do the right thing and create great software.
There are many perspectives on what the right way to develop and test software.
There are many opinions.
But there is no authority.
There are very few incontrovertible truths.
What works for testing communication systems software might not work for testing web apps.
What works for web apps probably wont work for missile guidance systems.
Share anyway
We are probably all standing by different parts of the software development/testing elephant.
And we may each have a different animal altogether in front of us.
However, software development and testing does have lots of commonalities.
We can learn from each other even when we work in seemingly different fields.
Wrapping up
This is getting a bit too campfire song cheesy.
I'm not sure why I felt the need to point out that I probably have an entirely different job than you do.
But I did feel the need.
And I really wanted to retell that elephant joke.
While many of us have clamoured for a full Alan Wake sequel for some time, those of you who have never played the 2012 cult hit and want to, better act fast.
Developer Remedy Entertainment has announced on Twitter that due to the licensed music in the game, you will no longer be able to purchase Alan Wake on either Steam or the Xbox Store from Monday, May 15. Obviously, if you own the original game and it's in your library, you'll be able to play it whenever you like.
From Saturday, May 13, the game will get a 90% discount on Steam, but it appears this sale doesn't include the Xbox version. All the DLC and Alan Wake's American Nightmare will also be discounted.
Remedy Entertainment was able to renegotiate the licensing for the music that appears in American Nightmare, meaning that will still be available on all digital storefronts. In a forum post, it was also confirmed that they're looking into re-licensing the tracks that appear in the first game, but said there's 'no timeframe' on when that may happen.
It has been revealed by the
Read More:
Businesses were barred from using the JobBridge scheme following allegations that interns were assaulted, bullied, had their safety compromised, and were forced to work unfair hours, writes Joe Leogue.
Internal documents from the Department of Social Protection, released to the Irish Examiner, have revealed a litany of complaints against a number of companies using the taxpayer-funded JobBridge scheme.
However, all businesses serving bans from the scheme last November had their suspensions lifted, after the department decided its own guidelines and procedures for investigating complaints “were not robust enough to necessarily comply with fair procedures”.
The U-turn came despite department inspectors originally recommending some companies face “indefinite” bans from using JobBridge.
Internal inspection reports released under the Freedom of Information Act include allegations that:
* At least two interns suffered bullying, with one further claiming to have received harassment or verbal abuse from mentors. In both instances the businesses received six-month bans;
* Interns were forced to work unfair hours, and in one instance an intern was forced to continue to work despite informing superiors of feeling unwell;
* One business locked at least two different interns into the work premises, raising “serious health and safety concerns”, according to an inspector.
One report, only partially released and redacted by the department, outlined an accusation of physical assault.
“A definitive incident occurred and this was admitted by [the company owner],” the report reads.
“While there is [sic] conflicting accounts of this particular incident we would have grave concerns about the nature of the incident.”
Other allegations that led to suspensions include claims that other employees within businesses lost their jobs and were replaced by interns, or had their hours reduced as a result of the company taking on a JobBridge intern.
In another instance, a woman who was the joint managing director of the host business, along with her husband, was hired as an intern and stayed at home, while availing of the JobBridge allowance.
Companies were also disqualified for not providing proper mentoring to trainees; for not having any PAYE-PRSI-paying employees as required by the scheme; and for not having a standard agreement with their intern as to what their duties entailed.
The department refused to reveal the identities of the businesses, saying such a disclosure “could reasonably be expected to result in a material financial loss or prejudice the competitive position” of the firms.
This policy was subject to appeals made to the Office of the Information Commissioner, which in turn led to the suspensions being lifted last November.
At the time of the decision to lift the suspensions, 18 businesses were serving an indefinite ban; two were suspended for 18 months; six were prohibited from using JobBridge for a year; and two were barred from hiring an intern from the scheme for six months.
A total of 86 companies have received some form of ban from the scheme since it began in 2011, but no businesses have received suspensions from JobBridge since the November decision to lift the existing suspensions.
A department spokesperson said the scheme has cost the taxpayer almost €282m, and 15,211 who completed a JobBridge internship progressed into employment immediately on completion of their placement. This represents approximately 32% of the 46,537 people who started an internship under JobBridge. There are 4,005 people on the scheme.
P osted by
Harjeet Johal ,
October 26, 2015 Twitter
@HarJournalist Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C - It was decision day in Major League Soccer as all twenty clubs were in action. The Whitecaps looked to secure a playoff bye, while the visiting Houston Dynamo looked to play playoff position spoiler. Carl Robinson and his team went into the match knowing that they could finish anywhere from 2nd - 6th. The Whitecaps took care of business thanks to a trio of second half goals. Kekuta Manneh, Kendall Waston, and Robert Earnshaw made sure the Whitecaps picked up a playoff bye as they defeated the Houston Dynamo 3-0 in front of a roaring crowd of 21,000 spectators at BC Place. Carl Robinson so was happy his team was rewarded with a victory after having a trying time scoring goals of late. "Obviously I'm happy, we got what we deserved. I really believe that if you work hard and do things right, then you get rewarded, and we got our reward today. We won the game versus a very good team with a very good coach and good players. I thought we could score in the first half, but their goalkeeper made really good saves, but we kept working hard and we eventually won the game." Vancouver has a first round MLS bye and will enter the playoffs in the second round on Sunday, November 1st with an away leg. The Whitecaps will host their first ever home playoff match on Sunday, November 8 at BC Place. Vancouver will play Portland, Seattle or Los Angeles Galaxy in the playoffs. Vancouver has a 66% percent of playing a Cascadian rival. Carl Robinson talked about how big it was for the club to earn a playoff spot. "It's a great achievement, I'm really proud of the guys and of the club. I firmly believe we recruited a good group of players and we could do something big. We are in the playoffs for the second year in a row, and for the third time in the club's history. We will try to win it. There will be eight teams that will try to win, we just want to see how far we can go." The Opening 45
Vancouver had plenty of opportunity to pounce on Owen Coyle's Houston Dynamo. Octavio Rivero had a header turned aside by the diving hand of Joe Willis. Cristian Techera struck with a thunderous shot off the under-side of the crossbar in the 12' minute. The ball then stayed out of the net as it came back down on the pitch. Houston was back peddling in the early going, but did well not to break. The Dynamo had their own chances to find a first half goal on a pair of free kicks from Giles Barnes. The English striker had his first attempt sail over the Vancouver wall and stopped by a diving David Ousted. The second attempted free kick hit the head of a Vancouver defender and was cleared out of danger. Both sides had their chances, but scoring remained difficult. Giles Barnes was the most dangerous player on the pitch in the first-forty five and let go a cracker from 25 yards out that David Ousted had to be sharp to stop. The London, England born Barnes was the lone bright spot for Houston's offense. The Whitecaps early opportunities to score dried up and both teams went into the interval scoreless. We saw it at the start of the season, #VWFC is for real. Each year Robinson has been in charge, there has been marked improvement. — Asif Hossain (@asifintoronto) October 26, 2015 What? An @MLS game in #Vancouver at @BCPlace in november??? Yesss!!! It's reality! #1stTime #playoff #VWFC #BringItHome — Paolo Tornaghi (@PaulTornaghi) October 26, 2015
The Second Half
Neither side elected to make any changes before the second half kicked off. Vancouver were desperate to score a goal since they did not want to travel on the road for an all important mid-week playoff clash with an unknown opponent The Vancouver pressure mounted and out of nowhere Kekuta Manneh brought the supporters to their feet with a well-timed shot from distance in the 59' minute. Manneh scored his 7th goal of the season as he found the inside of the far post and buried his shot past Joe Willis. The crowed exhaled as Vancouver climbed back into the driver's seat in the western conference. "It's great, it was great for me to score that goal. It lifted the team up and opened up the game. We were fortunate to have two more goals. It was great for my confidence as well going into the playoffs. I told the media earlier, it would be great if we can have at least two different people score." In an effort to try to jump-start his teams beleaguered offense, Manager Owen Coyle brought on Boniek Garcia and Mauro Manotas in the 61' and 63' minute respectively. The substitutions did not work as David Ousted was in the zone and Houston had nothing to show in the final attacking third of the pitch. Vancouver had the orange clad Dynamo down on the pitch and they capitalized and doubled their lead in the 72' minute. Costa Rican centre-back Kendall Waston scored his second goal of the season. Waston headed a ball off the pitch and off and Houston defender and behind goalkeeper Joe Willis. The gentle giant celebrated with a unique dance and helped the Whitecaps shake off any thoughts of a comeback from the Houston Dynamo. Agent 88, Robert Earnshaw added a late tally after coming off the bench in the 90+2 minute. Earnshaw has seen limited time off the bench this season for the Whitecaps, but his leadership in the dressing room has had a huge benefit. Earnshaw was on the pitch for no more than thirty seconds before he sent Mauro Rosales's pass behind the Houston goalkeeper. The Whitecaps came up clutch and out played the Houston Dynamo in the second half. The Caps have struggled immensely to score goals down the stretch. That was not the case today as Vancouver knew what they had to do to secure a playoff bye and they did exactly that. Kekuta Manneh used his 20 year-old legs and his smarts to put the Whitecaps in the good and they never looked back. If Vancouver can start to get healthy, they could become a playoff team no opponent wants to play in November Man of the Match
Kendall Waston
Waston is a quiet leader among the Vancouver Whitecaps. The six-foot and four-inch central defender came up big and delivered a clutch insurance goal to help secure a whitecap win. Waston finished the season with two goals and has a knack for scoring in the final Whitecaps match of the season. Waston has been outstanding on the back-end for the Whitecaps and was rewarded with an all important goal. The Caps defender is an anchor on the Whitecaps back-line and a massive reason why the Whitecaps obtained a first round MLS playoff bye. "This one feels great because we knew that today we needed to win and just wait for the other results. The most important thing was only to believe in us. We thought that it didn't matter if we scored in the first minute or the last-minute, we just needed to win it today." Who was your Whitecaps Man of the Match?
Vancouver Whitecaps Starting XI: David Ousted(C); Steven Beitashour, Kendall Waston, Tim Parker, Jordan Harvey; Matias Laba, Russell Teibert; Cristian Techera (Mauro Rosales 74), Gershon Koffie, Kekuta Manneh (Jordan Smith 85); Octavio Rivero (Robert Earnshaw 90+2). 4-2-3-1 Houston Dynamo XI: Joe Willis; Sheanon Williams, David Horst, Raul Rodriguez, DeMarcus Beasley; Leoniel Miranda (Boniek Garcia 63), Luis Garrido, Ricardo Clark, Giles Barnes(C) (Rob Lovejoy 89), Will Bruin, Erick Torres (Mauro Manotas 61). 4-4-2 Notes: Whitecaps left-back Jordan Harvey started in his 200th MLS match.
Olbermann will be replaced by Eliot Spitzer, the former New York governor. Current TV fires Keith Olbermann
Current TV has fired Keith Olbermann, citing a lack of “respect” and “collegiality” in its relationship with him, following months of open warfare between Olbermann and Current executives in the press.
He will be replaced by Eliot Spitzer, the former New York governor who had been a frequent guest on “Countdown” since its earliest days on Current — and whose own show on CNN was canceled last year.
Story Continued Below
The move comes just more than a year after Current hired Olbermann amid great fanfare, announcing its plans to build its new identity as a more progressive alternative to MSNBC around him. But it also comes a little more than a year after Olbermann abruptly left MSNBC, announcing his departure during his final show, marking a stream of stormy departures in his career.
“Current was also founded on the values of respect, openness, collegiality, and loyalty to our viewers,” write Current founders Al Gore and Joel Hyatt in an open memo to viewers. “Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann and we have ended it.”
Olbermann responded to this tersely worded statement by threatening to sue.
“It goes almost without saying that the claims against me implied in Current's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently,” he said in a statement distributed by his manager. “To understand Mr. Hyatt's ‘values of respect, openness, collegiality and loyalty,' I encourage you to read of a previous occasion Mr. Hyatt found himself in court for having unjustly fired an employee. That employee's name was Clarence B. Cain.”
Signs of trouble first appeared when Olbermann did not participate in the network's coverage of the early primaries. Although he appeared in later broadcasts, the tension leaked into increasingly tough stories detailing Olbermann's unhappiness with the technical limitations of his New York studio and lack of input into Current's programming decisions.
Current executives had hoped to head off this kind of warring by giving Olbermann an equity stake and the title of “chief news officer” — making him, in essence, a boss. But in the end, that was not enough to keep him from fighting with the network's top brass.
A source familiar with the situation says Olbermann was fired for breach of contract, including a failure to show up for work, sabotaging the network and attacking Current and its executives.
Bernie Sanders is getting an ice cream from an icon in the field. Ben Cohen, one half of Ben & Jerry's, masterminded “ Bernie's Yearning ,” which could double as the title for a really distressing erotic novel.Ben & Jerry's, the company, is not in any way affiliated with the ice cream. The pint comes in two parts. “The entire top of this pint is covered in a thick disc of solid chocolate. Underneath is plain mint ice cream.”That sounds… really bad. Or at least boring. But there's symbolism behind it.“The chocolate disc represents the huge majority of economic gains that gone to the top 1 percent since the end of the recession,” the pint packaging says. "Beneath it, the rest of us.”You're supposed to break the disc with a spoon, mix it up with the mint, and share the result with “your fellow Americans."Lots of issues here. First of all, ice cream does not need additional steps. Ice cream is great as a one-step process. Second, pints are not made for sharing. Third, Bernie's Yearning is really a gross name for anything.Oh, and you won't be eating it any time soon. Cohen donated 25 pints to Bernie's campaign and is raffling off 15 more.Let's do a little math. That totals 40 pints. The United States population is roughly 318.9 million. 40 divided by 318,900,000 is 0.000000125%. Sounds pretty elitist to us. Pretty much the opposite of the values Bernie Sanders claims to represent.When will Bernie Sanders stand up to the elitist demands of big ice cream? America needs to know.
The case before the Supreme Court involved an investment banker, the brother who pestered him for insider information, and a brother-in-law who made a bundle of money. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it violates insider-
trading laws for a corporate officer to make a “gift” of insider information to a relative, a decision that makes it easier for those who police Wall Street to bring prosecutions.
The court ruled unanimously that it does not matter if the person supplying the information received money or property or was otherwise compensated for the resulting deals. The court's decision eased a crimp on prosecutions that a New York appeals court had imposed in 2014.
[Is it insider trading to give information to a relative?]
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., a former federal prosecutor, wrote the narrow opinion for the eight-member court. He said it was easily decided by the court's decision in a 1983 case, Dirks v. SEC, that said a jury can infer that a tipper breached his duty when he receives something of value or “makes a gift of confidential information to a trading relative or friend.”
Federal prosecutors had chafed at the 2014 decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit in New York, which said there must be something more — “at least a potential gain of a pecuniary or similarly valuable nature.”
Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, praised the Supreme Court's ruling.
“In its swiftly decided opinion, the court stood up for common sense and affirmed what we have been arguing from the outset — that the law absolutely prohibits insiders from advantaging their friends and relatives at the expense of the trading public,” said Bharara, who recently met with President-elect Donald Trump and agreed to remain in the job.
“Today's decision is a victory for fair markets and those who believe that the system should not be rigged.”
The case involved an investment banker, the brother who pestered him for insider information, and a brother-in-law who made a bundle of money.
Maher Kara, a former investment banker at Citigroup, gave confidential information about health-care industry mergers to his older brother, Michael. Michael bought and sold stock based on the tips and then passed the information to his brother-in-law, Bassam Salman.
Salman made a profit of more than $1 million by trading on the confidential information before being prosecuted for securities fraud. He was convicted in 2013 and sentenced to three years in prison. (Maher and Michael Kara both pleaded guilty to securities fraud in 2011 and cooperated with the government.)
Salman appealed, arguing in part that Maher Kara had not received money, gifts or any other reward in exchange for the tips.
But Alito said what was important is that Maher Kara knew that the information was being illegally used.
“Here, by disclosing confidential information as a gift to his brother with the expectation that he would trade on it, Maher breached his duty of trust and confidence to Citigroup and its clients — a duty Salman acquired, and breached himself, by trading on the information with full knowledge that it had been improperly disclosed,” Alito wrote.
Alito acknowledged the court was settling different interpretations from the 2nd Circuit and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco, which upheld Salman's conviction.
The 2nd Circuit's holding that the person supplying the information must also receive something of a more tangible nature “is inconsistent with Dirks,” Alito wrote.
“Maher would have breached his duty had he personally traded on the information here himself then given the proceeds as a gift to his brother,” Justice Alito wrote. “It is obvious that Maher would personally benefit in that situation. But Maher effectively achieved the same result by disclosing the information to Michael, and allowing him to trade on it.”
After a more than eight-year crackdown on Wall Street cheating, Bharara was forced to toss out more than a dozen insider-trading convictions over the past year. The ruling, he said, created “an obvious road map for unscrupulous investors.”
In November, when the year was beginning to wind down a bit, an important article was published in the Wall Street Journal. It got buried under the weight of other news stories so it's worth a revisit.
It was written by a Wall Street insider who helped to roll out the US Federal Reserve's controversial multi-billion dollar bond-buying program.
If you've wondered why the US stock market didn't appear to welcome news last year that the bond buying program might start tapering.
The program, called ''quantitative easing'', was designed to halt the US banking system's free fall. We'll be hearing a lot more about quantitative easing this year because this is the year in which the Fed is supposed to start seriously slowing its printing of money to buy those bonds.
Remember how any talk of slowing the money printing last year saw global stockmarkets jump or dive, depending on the conversation? The same thing will happen again this year, but things will be more serious because the money printing is supposed to actually start slowing down.
This weekend marked the first rowing World Cup of the 2016 season, and Canada did not come away empty handed.
Athletes from 47 countries gathered in Varese, Italy, for competition in cold weather, while rain and flat water caused delays in Sunday's programme.
The conditions are getting a bit tougher for these crews as the wind picks up slightly. Clean blade work will go a long way <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WRCVarese?src=hash">#WRCVarese</a> —@WorldRowing
Despite the conditions, Canada's rowers hauled in four medals, putting them at 27 World Cup points.
Zeeman wins Canada's only gold
In a surprising twist in women's single sculls, Pan Am gold medallist and Rio-bound rower Carling Zeeman from Cambridge, Ont., won gold. Zeeman finished sixth in this event in 2015 and was up against Olympic champion and race-favourite Mirka Knapkova from the Czech Republic.
However, when Knapkova failed to make the A-final, the race came down to the final sprint between Zeeman and Ekaterina Karsten of Belarus.
Zeeman pulled ahead and finished first with a time of seven minutes, 49.410 seconds. Karsten finished with silver while Ireland walked away with bronze.
"Every 500 metres I looked across and everyone was in a straight line," Zeeman said. "I know I have a very strong finish, so I knew I could make a move."
Yyeesssss Carling! "And Carling Zeeman has just gone absolutely mental" <a href="https://twitter.com/Zee_monsta">@Zee_monsta</a> unreal race and HUGE move!!! —@Dylan_wing
Look at that sprint in the W1x! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WRCVarese?src=hash">#WRCVarese</a> <a href="https://t.co/tf01FPIzvK">pic.twitter.com/tf01FPIzvK</a> —@WorldRowing
Sauk snaps oar, still wins silver
Katherine Sauks' pre-race ritual definitely didn't go to plan. She had to swap boats last minute due to equipment issues right before Saturday's lightweight single sculls final, causing a delay in the race.
But Sauks didn't let the distraction get the best of her and wound up on the podium. She won silver, finishing behind race-favourite Marieke Keijser of the Netherlands. Italy won bronze.
"I broke an oar in the warm-up and that is why the race was delayed, so I am especially proud of my result," Sauks said. "I would like to think I could have done better if this hadn't happened, but of course, you never know."
Snapped an oar, didn't flip(!) But still got to race to Silver today thanks to <a href="https://twitter.com/WorldRowing">@WorldRowing</a> volunteers & <a href="https://twitter.com/rowingcanada">@rowingcanada</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hustle?src=hash">#hustle</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/oarshuffle?src=hash">#oarshuffle</a> —@KMHRocket
Katherine Sauks gives <a href="https://twitter.com/rowingcanada">@rowingcanada</a> its first world cup podium this season: <a href="https://t.co/CAHaKrNU58">https://t.co/CAHaKrNU58</a> | 📷 <a href="https://twitter.com/WorldRowing">@WorldRowing</a> <a href="https://t.co/tyH6UQyYKe">pic.twitter.com/tyH6UQyYKe</a> —@TeamCanada
Less than a second off 2nd gold
The Canadians were the highest ranking crew in the women's eight line up; they finished third at the world rowing championships, are the current World Cup holders, and also have their spot in the 2016 Summer Games.
Canada hit the 500m mark first and held the lead for most of the race, leaving the Netherlands and Russia to battle it out in the second and third-place positions. But both countries caught up in the final sprint and the Netherlands pushed past Canada to take gold with a time of 6:22:380; Canada won silver at 6:22:620.
"We would have loved to be the ones in the middle of the podium, but it's still early in the season so there is still lots of speed to gain," Canada's Lauren Wilkinson said.
After a gutsy row our women's 8- brings home the silver! Building momentum for gold in Lucerne? I think so! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Rio2016?src=hash">#Rio2016</a> <a href="https://t.co/cTOymmEp5d">pic.twitter.com/cTOymmEp5d</a> —@KMHRocket
Canadian Silver medal Women's 8 hoisting Canadian W1x Gold medalist Carling Zeeman! Great races by both crews! <a href="https://t.co/5v63KpvwNc">pic.twitter.com/5v63KpvwNc</a> —@P_Cookson
Men's quad's strong start puts them on podium
Canada pulled in another silver in the men's quadruple sculls. Canada had the early lead but were overtaken by the eventual gold medallists of team Russia. Canada pulled past Poland to win the silver medal with a time of 6:04:920. Canada's men's quad team will be back in Italy soon for a training camp.
MEDALS: Silver for M4x and W8+ at <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WRCVarese?src=hash">#WRCVarese</a> to round out the four medals won by Canada this weekend including a silver from LW1x. —@rowingcanada
"There are five people in our quad squad. It doesn't really feel like competition. We race really hard against each other, but we have each other's backs," quad team member Will Dean said of his crew.
"We are working toward the Olympic qualification in Lucerne."
Data driven business is like the paperless office, said Frank Bien, CEO of Looker Data Sciences, a newcomer to business intelligence. “Everyone is talking about it, but it never really happens. What we have seen is a big push into visualization tools [like Tableau] and self-service, the idea that people could pull their own data and get value from it. The flip side is big data — get the data now and find the value later.”
Looker pulls data from multiple sources and helps users understand it with tools business people can use themselves, so they don't have to run to IT every time they want to change a query. Bien said it has become popular with disruptive startups that are developing new businesses that use data strategically — companies such as True&Co., an online custom bra shop, Simply Hired , a job search site with 2.5 billion of rows of data, Shoprunner, Snowplow Analytics, and Hotel Tonight — many of them companies you haven't heard of yet but probably will.
For instance, Airfare Watchdog recommended Hotel Tonight for anyone stranded at an airport:
“There are a number of last-minute booking apps, but when we travel, most of us use Hotel Tonight. Its discounted last-minute rates are great, and its app is user friendly.”
Bien said many of its new customers see data as fundamental for overcoming the power of incumbency.
“Lots of our customers are up-and-coming tech startups attacking well-established markets and using data as a tool to reinvent how their organizations can be successful,” Bien explained. “AvantCredit is a great example. They have $500 million in consumer loans and they are reinventing how credit can be brought to the consumer market based on data.”
Typically within an organization using Looker, a data analyst describe the key metrics and elements of the organization from a data perspective and then exposes it to the business. Business users go through a short training course in Looker and can develop their own queries and get information immediately rather than waiting for IT.
AvantCredit
Charles Whittaker, head of analytics at AvantCredit, said he and the business intelligence (BI) team are the data gatekeepers. Queries are stored in Looker for people in the company to use, and if he has to build a new query he can do it quickly and just send a link to the person who requested it.
“When I have to do something ad hoc I build it in Looker and it is fast and I never have to do it again.”
AvantCredit provides loans to individuals and says it can provisionally approve a loan within 15 minutes immediately and send money to their bank by the next day.
“Starting in 2012, our mission has been to provide access to competitive, personal loans to responsible people,” the company says in its Web site.
Data analysis is a key part of making the company successful. Since its first loan in early 2013, it has been using machine learning with its credit model, said Whittaker.
“It takes time to evaluate the performance of loans. Every couple of weeks we have new data and we use our API with Looker to run queries and train the models better so we can give customers better and better rates.”
Building in Looker is fast, he added. The company decided to build a new customer dashboard to make sure customers know exactly what the company needs from them and shows them what stage they are at in the process. Using service call logs to see where people were getting stuck, Whittaker's group built the dashboard in a few hours.
“Our customer service tech lead said he was amazed. By the time he got back from his meeting the new customer dashboard was on all the TVs in his office. Reusability is the thing. At first you don't see how useful it is until you notice that you aren't writing new code very much any more, because it is all there. You just have to define what different pieces to put on the same chart and it is done.”
Selecting a Data Warehouse
Looker, which works with data sources and data warehouses, and sees growing companies moving from tools like MySQL to Amazon Web Services' Redshift, a fast data warehouse service.
Whittaker said that when AvantCredit decided it needed a data warehouse, he asked some of the people he knew from online chats with Looker for advice.
“A day later I was on a call with their data savvy guy who gave me more information than I could have paid for. They helped us out a lot. They cared about our whole data stack and how we stay a data-driven company.”
A data warehouse will be essential as the company grows, he explained, because it captures data from multiple sources on multiple products and soon from multiple countries.
“Having a ton of data doesn't make you a good company at all. What matters is done you know what each of the business units needs to make data decisions and which numbers do they need lightning fast access to all the time.”
Data analysts like Whittaker are the new heroes of data driven companies, said Bien. The role is less about technology or being a computer scientist and more about being able to understand how a dollar flows through the business.
The first data tools like Business Objects and Cognos were accurate but slow. A second generation, like Tableau, provide self-service visualization, but it is usually departmental.
“You could get your own slice of data and you could visualize and look at data. Suddenly everyone had their own formulas so when someone wanted to define lifetime value or margin, it was represented differently in all these different workbooks.
“However, when the finance team, warehouse, marketing and sales operations all need to run off a common set of data, that's where we come in. Looker allows data people to curate a more reliable experience.”
In January 2007 I was introduced to some interesting photos of ice growing from a metal fence on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. I corresponded with Sheryl Terris about her photos and she gave me permission to use them on my web page. In these three photos we see ribbons of ice emerging from where the top beam sits on the vertical support posts.
The sign above warns to Beware of Dog and in the photo below we see the legs of one of those dogs. We also see the size of this ribbon in inches. Note one inch is 2.54 centimeters. In this photo we see striations along the length of the ribbon of ice, reflecting the width of the opening through which the ice was extruded.
These three photos show the junctions of the vertical steel support beams with the overlying larger beam. Again, the striations reflect the nature of the opening through which the ice was forced.
The two photos below are quite special. The many overlapping folds of ice on the left are quite exotic and certainly very attractive. Interestingly, two years later I received another photo from Sheryl showing a similar display of overlapping folds, presumably from the same place on the fence. As I have demonstrated with my steel pipes, below, a similar formation of ice can be produced on separate days from the same opening. And, note that a similar display of overlapping folds of ice occurred in an ice flower in my yard on a stem of Verbesina virginica .
The extrusion of two rods of ice from a small hole in the base of the steel fence above is quite exotic. I think the block of ice in the background is from left-over snow. How did these rods of ice form? On another page I show examples of rods of ice extruded from posts in England and Russia.
My Attempts to Grow Ice to Explain Many Things
I was not able to find any ice on plant stems in the fall and winter 2006-2007 season, although I looked many places. But, I did take on the challenge of trying to explain how ice forms on plant stems. I put water in cans and bottles, experimented with plastic straws and tubes, played with dried plant stems, and tried everything I could think of. In the process I spent much time in freezing temperatures and in the end proved nothing. But, I did gain some insight into the nature of the freezing and thawing of water.
Then in January 2007 I was introduced to these photos of ice being extruded from the fence. This gave me another challenge and I started trying to grow and extrude ice similar to what I thought I saw in the photos. The photos below show some of my early results. I had some large plastic pipes and I stated with those. I put caps on them and drilled holes into them. Ultimately, expanding ice cracked all of the plastic pipes. The photo on the left shows that in a large plastic pipe with no cap on the top the ice did rise in the pipe as the water froze. When it was capped on the top, water spilled over the sides until the ice at the top froze. Then the pipe cracked, as shown in the middle photo. To the right I show the core of a plastic pipe after it shattered due to the expansion of the ice. I had never thought about it, but of course the ice freezes from the outside in. In this example we can see the hollow core in the center which was filled with the water that had not yet frozen.
In the center photo above is an iron pipe with a 45-degree angle piece on the top. The internal dimension of the iron pipe is 0.5 inch (1.27 cm) in diameter. The opening of the angle piece is only 0.375 (0.96 cm) in diameter. You can see that a little ice has been extruded from the angle piece. This was my first success at extruding ice for the ice in the larger pipe had to make a turn and then pass through a smaller hole. However, it was not long before the iron pipe cracked.
I then turned to black steel pipes and had more success. I did many experiments with the angled pieces and then started flattening the ends of the pipe. The two examples below come from pipes 0.5 inch (1.27 cm) in diameter and 36 inches (90 cm) long.
The pattern of the two spirals of ice extruded from the single pipe (above, right) occurred a few times. The photo below shows two perspectives of that pattern. The Blue background was a piece of cloth on the ground. It is hard to focus the camera on thin pieces of ice without a background close to the ice.
But, all good things come to an end. One day the opening at the end of the pipe was expanded and I could no longer produce this pattern of ice. Below are three examples of other displays of ice that emerged from various pipes. I flattened the ends of pipes and I drilled holes in pipes. In doing this I saw how the ice was extruded from that fence in Canada.
My process for extruding ice from steel pipes with a flattened end is:
1 - flatten one end of the pipe, use a screw-on cap at the other end. Fill the cap with something so less water will expand into the cap. I use a commercial product called Goop. 2 - wrap plastic around the flattened end of the pipe to make it water tight. I use plastic, many rubber bands, and sometimes duct tape. Stand the pipe vertical with the flattened end down. 3 - fill the pipe about 1/10th full of water, then let that water freeze solid. Meanwhile, chill water to fill the pipe but do not let that water become super-cooled. Keep the cap cool but do not let it get below freezing. 4 - after the water at the flattened end of the pipe is frozen solid, fill the pipe full with the chilled water and screw on the cap. If that water is too warm it may melt the ice in the pipe. Note that if the water is super-cooled, it may freeze up while pouring and will not fill the pipe. If the cap is too cold, water will immediately freeze on to the cap and you will not be able to screw it on. I normally use a vise and wrench to tighten the cap. 5 - take the plastic wrap off the flattened end of the pipe and lay the pipe horizontal or stand it so that any ice extruded from the pipe will not hit other objects. 6 - go to bed and hope it gets cold enough to extrude ice from your pipes. Good luck. Note that if it is cold enough, you can do this during the day.
The photos below show my tools and some effects on the pipes and caps.
On the left is a short steel pipe with plastic and rubber bands sealing the flattened end. The end space in the cap on the left has been filled with Goop. The plastic bottle is used to chill the water to fill the pipe. The process is described above. In the photo cluster on the right are two iron caps that have been broken by expanding ice. I tried a step-down junction to go from a pipe of 0.75 inch diamenter to a pipe of 0.5 inch. The ice split that iron junction. The top of the pipe in this photo was expanded by freezing ice. That expansion split the pipe. Indeed, water freezing in such pipes exerts great pressures, enough to squeeze ice out through a small opening or to rupture the pipe or the fittings.
By the third year I migrated to 1 inch (2.54 cm) diameter pipes. I drilled holes in some caps and cut a slot with a hacksaw in another. That slot produced some very interesting ribbons of ice and the larger diameter of pipe produced more total ice.
In the photo above the ice is extruded from the pipe and spirals off in opposite directions in quite symetrical ribbons. By contrast, in the photo below we see that the ice emerged from the pipe as a single ribbon and only later split into two ribbons. In this later case, the two strands do not produce similar shapes of ribbons.
Note that the photo above was taken in bright sunlight with a snowy background while the photo below is quite gray, reflecting the lack of direct beam sunlight.
After extruding many rods and ribbons of ice from steel pipes I think I know how the ice was extruded from the steel fence in British Columbia. While I produced my ice in one night, the processes leading to the extrusion of ice from the steel fence took place over a couple of days. It is a product of the diurnal freeze/thaw process, consistent with this series of pages.
Somehow water gets into the pipes of that steel fence. On the first night the water in the fence freezes, but it does not freeze solid. Then the next day some of the ice melts. The ice that remains in the fence floats to the top of the water. Then that night the temperature falls and ice forms again. This time the expanding water forces some of that ice that did not melt the day before to be pushed out of any holes where the two pipes are welded together. The results are the ribbons of ice captured by Sheryl.
It is likely that on some nights the freezing water expands and pushs water out of these openings in the fence. But, because that water or slush is not attractive, nor permanent, it does not get attention. So, we have to base any interpretation on the photos taken when attractive ice formations get our attention.
I do recognize that on Vancouver Island on the west coast of North America, the daily range of temperature is normally less than it is in my continental location in central Illinois. This may have some influence on the nature of the ice. It is my impression that the colder the temperatures the more brittle the ice.
So, here is another example of some exotic forms of ice that are produced with diurnal or daily freeze/thaw processes. Check out the rods of ice from posts in England and Russia.
Thank goodness for the Internet and digital cameras for they let us exchange information about these attractive ice formations. Please take on the task of looking for ice when the freeze/thaw processes are underway. Feel free to contact me at jrcarter@ilstu.edu if you see any ice of this nature in your outings, be there early morning or later in the day.
Return to the master page of Diurnal Freeze/Thaw Ice Formations .
Depression affects so many people that it is often called the common cold of mental illness. The Centers For Disease Control estimates that 19 million Americans suffer from it. At some point in their lives, 10% to 25% of women and 5% to 12% of men will become clinically depressed. The sputtering economy and tenuousness of the job market doesn't help: The Consumer Confidence Index just plunged to its lowest level since 1980.
Depression is no fashionable affliction. In it is real, insidious, and when in full bloom, debilitating. Yet far too many people are oblivious to their own deep sadness or simply refuse to recognize it. Emotional vulnerability? Verboten--especially among the achiever set. They're less likely to ask for help than Tea Party members are to ask for a tax hike.
Ignorance and denial are not cures for depression. They are guarantees that when you finally own up to your sadness, it will kick you a hell of a lot harder than when you started suppressing it.
Nominate A Contender For Forbes' List Of America's Most Promising Private Companies
Here are 10 ways to detect depression early and let the healing begin.
1. You are over-confident and fearless.
Many people--and especially high achievers--cope with depression by acting in ways opposite to how they feel. (Shrinks call this "escapism.") Engaging in daredevil pursuits, be it mounting a takeover of a rival company or quitting your job to open a restaurant, makes you feel invincible, when you're really in the dumps. There is a method to this madness: The major cause of depressions--those not born of biochemical imbalances, of which there are plenty--is feeling out of control or helpless. Achievers loathe that feeling and fight like hell to deny it through action. But that, ultimately, won't work.
2. You've gone from one drink with dinner to three before appetizers.
“Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.” Bernard Shaw's observation is as true now as it was then. Drinking alcohol is the most common tactic people take to self-medicate emotional pain. The problem with this strategy is that when you finally recognize the pain driving you to drink, you'll have two disorders to contend with rather than one.
3. You're obsessed with achievement in bed.
Have a limp libido? Going on a Hugh-Hefner-like tear may not lift your spirits. If you find you've traded serial monogamy for seducing any partner that will have you, there is a good chance you're trying to keep depression at bay.
In Pictures: 10 Signs You're Depressed But Don't Know It
4. Conflicts quickly escalate into fights.
One common but exceedingly dumb way to dull the feeling of helplessness brought on by depression is to show people you're nobody's patsy. Get cut off on the highway? Run the bastard off the road. Has an idea shot down at a brainstorming session? Take the opinionated punk outside and pummel him. If you're lucky, maybe you'll have enough bruises to distract you from your emotional pain.
5. You feel nothing.
Rather than be sad, many people would choose to forgo feeling altogether. But some people end up getting stuck in neutral--dooming them to invite the same pain again and again. Worse, this zombie-like approach creates anxiety in those around you and alienates those who care for you.
Nominate A Contender For Forbes' List Of America's Most Promising Private Companies
6. You can't stop socializing.
Immersing yourself in group activities sounds healthy--and for many people it is. However, if the sole purpose is to keep you from wrestling with your thoughts and feelings, having a brimming social calendar is not the answer (and you probably won't be all that fun a companion anyway). Like the toxic mortgage securities still stinking up bank balance sheets, you have to flush out the dreck before you can start investing anew.
7. You can't concentrate.
Everyone suffers from scattered thoughts now and again. Those who are depressed but who possess too much control to act out recklessly may do so in fantasy. But how to distinguish a healthy daydream from potentially dangerous ones? Healthy dreams involve changes in your life that you can realize in a handful of steps. Unhealthy ones take you from middle-class to movie-stardom overnight.
8. You have trouble accepting praise or goodwill.
Martin Seligman, the psychologist who revolutionized our thinking about depression, studied the behavior of dogs that were given electric shocks. Eventually, they would lay helplessly in their cages, not responding to tugs on their leashes that would have moved them to safety from the shocks. The human corollary: If you find yourself ignoring favorable gestures or simple interpersonal warmth, chances are you're not a malcontent. You're depressed.
In Pictures: 10 Signs You're Depressed But Don't Know It
9. You work harder, not smarter.
When people are depressed, they have trouble seeing novel solutions to their problems. Instead, they do more of the same. The classic example is trying to exercise your way to happiness: If you already log a few hours a week at the gym, spending another 30 more minutes every day may briefly lift your spirits. But that relief is ephemeral. When it dissipates, get off the treadmill and get to the root of what's bothering you.
10. You laugh and cry at times that don't call for it.
In psychiatry, the concept "inappropriate affect" refers to behavior that is emotionally out of sync with the stimulus that prompted it. People who are depressed but do not know it exhibit a unique variant of this problem: They over-react to insignificant sadness, and ignore major league bad news.
This flavor of depression, a stepchild of alexithymia which causes a gross lack of appropriate feelings, can really make you feel out-of-control. I first came across it when one of my clients told me of taking his children to the movies: “I cried in the theater when a deer lost its mother,” he said, “but when my partner handed me the legal papers demanding a dissolution of our business, I threw them in my ‘In Box' and proceeded to order lunch.”
Abraham Maslow, one of America's most influential psychologists, observed: "What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself." Fess up to how you feel so you can fight on.
You'll be amazed at how relieved you'll feel when you do.
Nominate A Contender For Forbes' List Of America's Most Promising Private Companies
See also:
Five Ways To Overcome The Fear of Chasing Your Dream
How To Tell Someone They're Wrong (and Make Them Feel Good About It)
Tobacco companies are preparing to launch what could be one of the biggest ever legal claims against the British Government for losses as a result of the introduction of plain packaging for cigarettes.
They are expected to begin lodging papers at the High Court as early as Friday, seeking a multi-billion compensation payout for being stripped of the right to use instantly recognisable brands.
Lawyers will argue that forcing them to use entirely unbranded packaging would amount to deprivation of a highly valuable intellectual property.
Plain packaging is due to come in next May
Although the companies would leave it to the court to determine the exact level of compensation, industry analysts have suggested the combined value of the industry in the UK could be as much as £11 billion.
A collective payout on that scale would wipe out almost the whole of the Government's planned £12 billion welfare savings and dwarf the £8 billion of extra cash for the NHS promised by the Conservatives at the General Election.
• Cigarettes to be sold in plain packs from May 2016
• All the plain packaging lobby really wants is to hear tobacco companies squeal
• Teenagers putting their health at risk by trying e-cigarettes, experts claim
The Telegraph understands that Philip Morris International, the company behind Marlboro cigarettes, is likely to be among the first to lodge papers with most of the major tobacco companies following soon after.
Lawyers for the companies are expected to base their claim around a legal opinion drawn up by Lord Hoffmann, the former senior Appeal Court judge, which concludes that banning the use of branding on cigarette packaging altogether could be a breach of trademark law.
The opinion also argues that denying a company the right to use an internationally recognised trademark in Britain could be in breach of the principle of free movement of goods within the European Union.
MPs approved new legislation introducing plain packaging in March in a vote which saw more than 100 Conservatives including several ministers vote against.
Tobacco companies say the plain packs deprive them of highly valuable intellectual property
The change could come into effect next May but the process of publishing secondary regulations could delay the process until 2017.
Supporters of the change argued strongly that new unbranded packaging bearing large and graphic health warnings would help discourage younger people from taking up smoking, with major health benefits for the country.
But opponents said it amounted to more “nanny state interference” which could end up fuelling the trade in illegal tobacco.
Sir Gerald Howarth, the Conservative MP and former defence minister, who opposed plain packaging, said: “This was always on the cards, several of us warned the Government that if they were to go down this road one likely consequence would be that the companies would seek legal redress to protect their intellectual property.
“We can't have governments simply confiscate people's assets and intellectual property is an asset as anyone who has been in business knows.
“£11 billion would wipe out an entire year's tax take from tobacco and of course that would add more pressure on the Government to reduce the deficit, they are under enough pressure as it is to try to eliminate the deficit and start paying down the national debt.
“It is completely and utterly avoidable, they are going to be wasting time and taxpayers' money going to the High Court to defend their decision.”
A research paper published by analysts at BNP Paribas last year said that the cigarette industry in the UK is likely to be worth between £9 billion and £11 billion. It said that a payout on that scale seemed excessive because the companies would not see all of their profits wiped out but that a figure “in the billions” was plausible.
Dr Penny Woods, Chief Executive of the British Lung Foundation, said: “The fact that the tobacco industry is suing our government over a public health measure that is trying to protect the health of our nation shows that it will stop at nothing to increase its profits.
"These tactics have been tried before in Australia, where they failed. We do not expect it to be any different in this country and look forward to the introduction of the law in May 2016.”
Charlie Hebdo has gone too far.
{snip}
Charlie Hebdo‘s latest depiction of the prophet Mohammed–a repeat of the very action that is thought to have sparked the murderous attack on its office–predictably has given rise to widespread violence in nations with large Muslim populations. Its irreverence of Mohammed once moved the French tabloid to portray him naked in a pornographic pose. In another caricature, it showed Mohammed being beheaded by a member of the Islamic State.
While free speech is one of democracy's most important pillars, it has its limits. H.L. Mencken, the fabled columnist who described himself as “an extreme libertarian,” said that he believed in free speech “up to the last limits of the endurable.”
{snip}
The most current issue of Charlie Hebdo again has Mohammed on its cover. This time, he appears crying under a headline that reads: “All is forgiven.” Well, apparently not. Ten people have been killed during protests in Niger, a former French colony. Other anti-French riots have erupted from North Africa to Asia. In reaction to all of this, Pope Francis has said of the magazine, “You cannot make fun of the faith of others.”
The French, of course, are no more bound to accept the findings of the bishop of Rome than they are to be guided by the Supreme Court's rulings on our Constitution's free speech guarantee. But given the possible ripple effects of Charlie Hebdo‘s mistreatment of Islam's most sacred religious figure, at least people in this country should understand the limits America's highest court has placed on free speech.
In 1919, the Supreme Court ruled speech that presents a “clear and present danger” is not protected by the First Amendment. Crying “fire” in a quiet, uninhabited place is one thing, the court said. But “the most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theater and causing a panic.”
Twenty-two years later, the Supreme Court ruled that forms of expression that “inflict injury or tend to incite an immediate breach of the peace” are fighting words that are not protected by the First Amendment.
If Charlie Hebdo‘s irreverent portrayal of Mohammed before the Jan. 7 attack wasn't thought to constitute fighting words, or a clear and present danger, there should be no doubt now that the newspaper's continued mocking of the Islamic prophet incites violence. And it pushes Charlie Hebdo‘s free speech claim beyond the limits of the endurable.
Original Article
Share This
“I'm typing this lying in my dark bedroom with my eyes closed, on a dark screen with earplugs in,” writes 45-year-old Anna Kennedy, a Melbourne-based clinical psychologist, in one of our first email exchanges.
“It's a rotten place for me to be as I'm a relater at heart. I love conversations. I find people fascinating, always have. It's like being in a prison, having ME.”
Kennedy hasn't worked for five years, since becoming severely ill with the complex neuro-immune condition myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME), also known as chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS).
When I visit the home she shares with her husband and two sons in the northern suburbs, Kennedy talks to me while lying on her sofa under an electric blanket, with her dog, Rufus, sleeping at her feet. She's struggling to sit or stand up much at the moment.
About 100,000 to 240,000 people in Australia suffer from ME/CFS, according to estimates based on global statistics. About a quarter are severely disabled and unable to leave the house, while at the other end of the spectrum about a seventh are able to work, at least part-time. The condition often begins with an infection or other trauma, and affects multiple systems of the body including the brain, nervous system, gut and immune system. One of the key markers of the illness is a worsening of symptoms after physical exertion, which can take days or weeks to improve.
When she's at her worst, Kennedy has difficulty talking or processing information, and is completely bedbound. She calls it her “ragdoll” mode. For two years she had 24-hour nausea; noise, light, movement and sound sensitivities; head and spine pain; flu-like symptoms; could hardly stand up; and lost the ability to digest food properly.
“I would never describe this as fatigue,” she says ruefully.
Scientists' understanding of what is actually going on in the bodies of people such as Kennedy has so far been extremely limited, but Australian researchers are now playing a part in unearthing clues.
“We've got a long way to go, but we've made base camp,” says Professor Donald Staines, co-director of the National Centre for Neuroimmunology and Emerging Diseases at Griffith University in Queensland.
One of the main pieces of ME/CFS research to come out of Australia recently is a series of papers by the team led by Staines and co-director Professor Sonya Marshall-Gradisnik, showing abnormalities in the genetic make-up and function of the immune systems of people with ME/CFS.
In research published during the past 12 months, the team found genetic mutations in the “threat receptors” of certain white blood cells in ME/CFS patients, and changes in the functions that these receptors control, such as energy production inside the cell. They also confirmed that immune cells affected by these changes fail to fight infection and cancer as well as they should.
The discovery of these faulty receptors may also have wider implications. “Nerve cells, muscle cells, pancreatic cells, intestinal cells, you name it, they all have these receptors in them,” he says. “And if these same changes [that are happening in white blood cells] are happening in every cell in the body, then the whole body is going to respond abnormally.” This could explain the complex and varied symptoms of ME/CFS “a huge amount”, says Staines. The team is in discussion with companies about producing a diagnostic test for the illness based on their findings.
“The research is really taking off,” says Sally Missing, president of ME/CFS charity Emerge Australia. “There's quite a lot of momentum nationally and internationally, with a number of groups announcing that they've found biological markers [for the illness] just in the past few months. But there are still huge gaps, and serious underfunding of research in Australia.”
Earlier this year, after questioning from Senator Scott Ludlam, health bureaucrats revealed that the National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) has spent $1.6 million on ME/CFS research since 2000. In comparison, it has spent more than $47 million on multiple sclerosis since 2002, which affects fewer than a quarter of the number of people who suffer from ME/CFS, and has been found in a recent study to have less of an impact on quality of life.
“Although there's world-class research being done here, it's completely unsupported by the Commonwealth government,” says Ludlam.
This lack of research funding is accompanied by a dearth of support and care for patients, he says. “It's extraordinary neglect. By and large the medical profession still seems to be working in the dark, and huge numbers of people aren't being helped.”
The NHMRC has no current clinical practice guidelines on ME/CFS for doctors, and the illness was not named in the Australian government's latest Australian Burden of Disease Study, published in 2016, because there is no “recent robust data” on how many people have it. Education for doctors is minimal, and Australia's largest ME/CFS charity is run by two part-time workers.
As a result, many patients have faced dismissal or disbelief by doctors. Back in Melbourne, Kennedy gives one example of a cardiologist who told her that her symptoms were psychosomatic – caused by mental distress. “She diagnosed me with a very rare, complex psychological condition, within a few minutes of being in her office,” Kennedy says. “As a clinical psychologist, that astounded me.”
This year, Kennedy and a group of others with ME/CFS decided to get politically active to protest at the lack of funding and recognition. In May, they took part in a global #MillionsMissing event, to protest the millions of dollars missing from ME/CFS research, and the millions of people around the world missing from their lives. They did this under the banner of a new patient-led online movement called #MEAction, that's emerged from the United States.
“There's a mass feeling now that everyone is fed up!” says Karyn Adams, who has ME/CFS and led the protest in Melbourne. “People are putting their health at stake to try to do things to make a difference.”
The group collected 320 pairs of shoes belonging to Australians with ME/CFS and lined them up outside the State Library of Victoria, in Melbourne, as part of a global day of action.
“A lot of us are too sick to show up physically to a protest … this gave us a way to represent people who were too ill to leave their homes or beds,” says Adams. “We had an incredible response on the street.”
Several of the organisers helped plan the event from their beds, including Kennedy. She attended the protest in a wheelchair. “The experience was so affirming for me; to be in that space with other patients, and to be working with them on a collective goal,” she says.
The newly formed #MEAction Australia group is now devising its advocacy strategy for working with politicians and others. But despite believing activism is her best shot for changing her situation, Kennedy is unsure if she'll be able to carry on: the work she put into planning the event took a heavy toll.
“I've hardly been out of bed for six weeks,” she says. “I've been cognitively terrible, my son's talking to me and nothing's going in. I want to do more activism, but I just don't know how I'm going to do it and still be a mum, still be there for my family.”
Sudden death on the agenda as Mourinho plots the Godfather's downfall
Chelsea takes on Manchester United on Monday in the standout tie of the 2016/17 FA Cup quarter-finals and a winner has to be determined on the night, following the introduction of new rules that sees all ties from this stage of the competition being decided by ‘sudden death' and a fourth substitute allowed in extra-time.
José Mourinho is yet to taste victory against Antonio Conte as a manager but the early indications are that he will attempt to find something special, to ensure that his United side does what is required to progress to the semi-finals.
Goal expectancies – Chelsea 1.85 Man Utd 1.12
Team news & predicted starting line-ups for Chelsea v Man Utd
Conte has no injuries to worry about and he is expected to stick with his familiar 3-4-3 formation.
Mourinho, on the other hand, often likes to spring a surprise in big matches and if Thursday's Europa League game in Rostov is anything to go by, he may well be plotting something special. United lined up with a 3-man defence in Russia, for the first time since Mourinho took charge and it will be fascinating to see if he sticks with it, in an attempt to neutralise the Chelsea attack and out-man them in midfield.
Chelsea team news
Cesc Fàbregas may have started the last 3 matches but Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matić is expected to get the nod over his Spanish team-mate, with Conte opting to go with the same line-up that thrashed United 4-0 at Stamford Bridge earlier in the season.
Chelsea fantasy player to watch
Pedro got the ball rolling in that emphatic victory over United when he scored in the first minute and the Spanish international has been in devastating form since Christmas.
He has scored 8 goals and chipped in with 4 assists since Boxing Day, helping the Blues to build what looks like an unassailable lead in their pursuit of the Premier League title.
Predicted starting line-up for Chelsea (vs Man Utd)
13 COURTOIS 24 CAHILL 30 LUIZ 2 AZPILICUETA 3 ALONSO 7 KANTE 21 MATIC 15 MOSES 10 HAZARD 19 COSTA 11 PEDRO
Man Utd team news
Zlatan Ibrahimović misses out through suspension, after picking up a retrospective 3-match ban by the FA for his retaliative elbow on Bournemouth's Tyrone Mings, while Bastian Schweinsteiger remains injured.
Despite pre-game concerns about the state of the playing surface. Mourinho will be encouraged by the fact that the majority of his players came through Thursday's encounter with Rostov seemingly unscathed. However, the latest reports suggest that Wayne Rooney and Anthony Martial will not be fit to face the Blues, while Marcus Rashford is sick and also looks set to miss out.
Eric Bailly may come in for Phil Jones, who has made costly errors in the last 2 matches, while Jesse Lingard may have to make do with a place on the bench. However, with the specter of extra-time on the horizon Lingard's energy could be a real asset if the Chelsea players tire.
Marouane Fellaini has had plenty to say about Sky pundit Jamie Carragher and he looks set to lead the line, with Mourinho seemingly out of other options.
Man Utd fantasy player to watch
Henrikh Mkhitaryan was WhoScored's highest rated player in the Bundesliga last season and there are positive signs suggesting that a return to that level is imminent.
The Armenian international was on the score-sheet in Russia and is likely to play in an advanced role again on Monday, although fantasy managers should note that in his post-match comments, Mourinho revealed that Mkhitaryan is still not ready to complete 90 minutes.
Predicted starting line-up for Man Utd (vs Chelsea)
1 DE GEA 17 BLIND 5 ROJO 12 SMALLING 3 BAILLY 21 HERRERA 8 MATA 25 VALENCIA 6 POGBA 22 MKHITARYAN 27 FELLAINI
Conte's players referred to him as ‘The Godfather', when he was in charge of the Italian national side but he might need to tread carefully this weekend, with Mourinho eager to silence him and get revenge for that 4-0 drubbing at the Bridge earlier in the season.
It promises to be unmissable!
Tagged with: chelsea • expert • man utd • managers • previews
Sunset in Bryce Canyon at Sunset point. I know the gut reaction is, "Ugh! Crowds are the worst! I can't believe all these people are blocking my view!" But keep in mind they're all thinking the exact same thing about you. You're not "IN traffic" you "ARE traffic". After taking a deep breath remember all those crowds are enjoying the beauty of he parks, just like you. They're not your enemy, they're people with your same values who wanted to do the same thing as you. Make them your friend and enjoy sharing the moment with them. Also remember you're at one of the busiest places in the busiest park at the busiest time. Expect crowds if you goto the places that are most popular. And after all that if the crowd is still upsetting you, be the person the makes the crowd smaller... By leaving. Walk to a place that's not as popular and you'll quickly find you're getting the solitude you seek, and you'll probably discover a beautiful view nobody else knows about. And in this particular case realize that the view is basically just as fantastic anywhere along the rim between Sunrise and Inspiration point. People just gather at Sunset and Sunrise because they think that because the two places are named they must be the best. They're not, 100m left or right the view is just as good and there's no fence in your way (and fewer people).
Dandelion Salad
by Congressman Dennis Kucinich
Washington, Oct 28, 2009
Kucinich: Will We Stand for the People or the Insurance Companies?
Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) today made the following statement about the health care debate in America:
“Providing health care to all Americans is the moral responsibility of our government, consistent with the Preamble in the Constitution. Yet we are being told that it is not possible to have the kind of single payer health system which every industrialized democracy in the world has.
“We compromised on single payer by backing a public option, and now we are being asked to compromise the public option with negotiated rates. In conference, we will likely be asked to compromise negotiated rates with a trigger. In each and every step of the health care debate, the insurance companies have won. If they get hundreds of billions of dollars in new taxpayer subsidies, they get to raise their premiums, and increase their co pays and deductibles, while the public is forced to pay for private insurance, then the insurance companies win big.
“If this is the best we can do, then it is time to ask ourselves whether the two-party system is truly capable of representing the American people or whether the system has been so compromised by special interests that we can't even protect the health of our own people. This is a moment of truth for the Democratic Party. Will we stand for the people or the insurance companies?”
***
Dennis Kucinich: Is the 2-Party System truly capable of representing the American people?
electdennis
October 28, 2009
unavailable
***
Healthcare Is a Human Right
Call Speaker Pelosi via Progressive Democrats of America
see
Dennis Kucinich: Government of the people or a government of the corporations? + Action Alert
Congressman Alan Grayson Honors the Dead
Rachel Maddow: The Public Option + Sen. Ron Wyden + Reid Introduces His Opt-out Public Option Bill
A Canadian Look At U.S. Health Care + Flood Nancy Pelosi — It IS Up to Her
C-SPAN's Washington Journal: Dennis Kucinich answers questions on Afghanistan, Health Care, and the Economy
The outcome of the midterm elections represents a stinging loss for many issues I care about, but one thing is for sure — strong Republican control of the House and Senate is bad for the environment and growth of renewable energy. Sadly, these essential concerns have become partisan along, with too many other issues.
There's already talk of Senate Republicans having the filibuster-proof majority they need to force through the Keystone pipeline, their No. 2 priority, says Reince Priebus, chair of the Republican National Committee (I assume repealing ObamaCare is No. 1). "I actually think the president will sign the bill on the Keystone pipeline because he's going to be boxed in," he said on MSNBC's "Daily Rundown."
ADVERTISEMENT
Some quotes from our new "leaders" in the Senate give you an idea what we are up against.
Sen. James Inhofe James (Jim) Mountain InhofeTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Allies wary of Shanahan's assurances with looming presence of Trump On The Money: Trump to sign border deal, declare emergency to build wall | Senate passes funding bill, House to follow | Dems promise challenge to emergency declaration MORE (R-Okla.), who will chair the Environment and Public Works Committee: "Catastrophic global warming is a hoax. That conclusion is supported by the painstaking work of the nation's top climate scientists."
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas), who will chair the Subcommittee on Science and Space of the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation: "The EPA has adopted greenhouse gas regulations on the basis of scientific assumptions that have been totally undermined by the latest science."
The irony of these false statements is that a day before the election, the world's leading climate scientists — the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) — released their Synthesis Climate Change Report, summarizing three reports issued in 2014: "Continued emissions of greenhouse gases will cause further warming and long-lasting changes in all components of the climate system, increasing the likelihood of severe, pervasive and irreversible impacts for people and ecosystems."
Each report issues more dire warnings about continued inaction on climate change, but Republicans obstruct every attempt to make progress. This wasn't always the case — you might remember a television ad from 2007 when former Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) and current House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said, "the one thing we agree on is the need to address climate change." But now the GOP is in lockstep, refusing to even acknowledge the science, much less do anything about the grave situation that faces humanity and life on Earth.
Why not work with Democrats on solutions, instead of saying "no" to everything? Don't Republicans have a stake in clean air and water, and the millions of jobs being created by the rise of a strong renewable energy industry? Instead, they can be counted on to cut funding that supports renewable energy and when the the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) introduces commonsense standards to clean up our nation's dirtiest power plants, they declare it a "war on coal." Economists agree that putting a price on carbon (through a tax or carbon trading system) is the most cost-effective way to attack climate change while boosting the economy (generating $1.2 trillion in the next decade, while cutting emissions 20 percent), but rather than seriously assessing it, they turn into fodder for attacks on President Obama and Democrats.
At September's U.N. Climate Summit, 73 countries — responsible for 54 percent of world greenhouse gas emissions and 52 percent of gross domestic product - and over 1,000 businesses and investors announced support for a price on carbon, but the U.S. was notably absent, greatly diminishing our credibility. Obama's hands are tied by Republicans who fight against any action.
This level of obstructionism — and an utter lack of desire to cooperate on solutions — goes beyond the pale, in my opinion. Why does the GOP take such a hard line on this? At least partially because they are so well supported by oil and gas money, led by the Koch brothers.
Infinite money floods campaigns
Around $4 billion was spent to influence the elections, flooding close campaigns in the final days with tens of millions of dollars from dark money groups for mailers, robocalls and attack ads. Before that, an estimated 908,000 television ads had aired — and that's just for Senate races, according to the Center for Public Integrity. More than half the ads in the 2014 elections were bought by dark money groups, most of them conservative, says the Brennan Center for Justice.
"Voters want change," Sen-elect. Mike Rounds, (R-S.D.) told National Public Radio. "They want to see ObamaCare repealed on a section by section basis. ... They want to see the Keystone XL Pipeline built. ... They want to see the Environmental Protection Agency brought under control."
In reality, his Democratic opponent, Rick Weiland, would have given Americans the change they actually want. Even polls of likely voters — which lean Republican — show 49 percent want the EPA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. Poll after poll of the general electorate shows a large majority of want more renewable energy, not fossil fuels. Seventy percent of Americans view climate change as a serious issue and support federal action, according to the latest ABC/The Washington Post survey.
But it goes way beyond climate change. When Republicans say they want to rein in the EPA, they mean to prevent any protection of clean air and water! Even after the catastrophic coal ash and chemical spills in rivers this year, they are actively preventing the agency from restoring and protecting waters that provide drinking water to 117 million Americans, according to the Natural Resources Defense Council. The same is true for smog, mercury and other health measures Republicans have blocked. As chair of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, Inhofe plans to "file challenges against every final EPA rule."
While the GOP claims any action handcuffs the economy, the math shows the EPA is the most effective government agency in terms of cost/benefits.
In what's called the most anti-environment Congress ever (including on energy efficiency and clean energy), the House voted hundreds of times to grant every polluter's dream. Now that Republicans control both houses, they will fully go to bat for an oil- and coal-soaked economy, giving the Koch brothers, but not Americans what they want.
Rona Fried, Ph.D. is CEO of SustainableBusiness.com, known for its daily green business news and national green jobs service since 1996. She selects the constituents for NASDAQ's Green Economy Index.
A while back I was tasked with converting and migrating data from an existing accounting system to a new one, (un)fortunately this was not the first time I was asked to do a data conversion. A year prior I had to migrate data from a 20 year old legacy system to a new software solution.
While the systems were completely different I was able to reuse a lot of the patterns and helper libraries which I had used before. During the first data conversion I felt a large portion of my time was wasted creating classes for the corresponding Excel input and output files. I thought if I could generate classes with properties corresponding to the Excel columns and their types, that it might save some unnecessary typing to create those classes.
So i created ExcelToClasses, a NuGet package which will open an .xls file and convert each worksheet to a class and each column to a property within that class.
The NuGet package can be found here:
https://www.nuget.org/packages/ExcelToClasses/
The package will add some T4 templates to your project, all that's needed is to open the DataConversion.tt file and supply one or many paths to the Excel file(s) and save the DataConversion.tt file.
A .cs file will be generated per worksheet, each property will have an attribute with the name and position of the corresponding Excel column. This will be very useful if you are generating classes for the output schema (the format of the new system) and you wish to rename the properties or change their position in the class without affecting the output file to be generated.
Github:
https://github.com/OmarElabd/ExcelToClasses
Enjoy
By Alwyn Scott
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An American Airlines Group Inc aircraft almost collided with a drone above Florida earlier this year, a near-accident that highlights the growing risk from rising use of unmanned aircraft, the U.S. air safety regulator said.
The pilot reported seeing a small, remote-control aircraft very close to his plane while preparing to land at Tallahassee Regional Airport, said Jim Williams, manager of the Federal Aviation Administration's Unmanned Aircraft System Integration Office.
"The airplane pilot said that the UAS was so close to his jet that he was sure he had collided with it," Williams said at an industry conference on Thursday, referring to an unmanned aircraft system.
The aircraft, operated by an American subsidiary, did not appear to be damaged when it was inspected after the March 22 incident, Williams said.
But the incident served to highlight the risk of remote-control aircraft, he said.
"The risk for a small UAS to be ingested into a passenger airline engine is very real," Williams said. "The results could be catastrophic."
The FAA currently bans the commercial use of drones in the United States and is under growing pressure to set rules that would permit their broader use. Hobby and many law-enforcement uses are permitted.
Last year, the agency began establishing test sites where businesses can try out commercial uses. [ID:nL2N0K90QW] Two of the centers have started working ahead of schedule.
"The FAA is working aggressively to ensure the safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace," the agency said in a statement.
The March incident was reported to the Tallahassee control tower by the pilot for Bluestreak Airlines, a US Airways commuter carrier. US Airways is part of American Airlines.
The plane, a Bombardier CRJ-200, was a traveling from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Tallahassee.
It was at 2,300 feet and about five miles from the airport when it encountered the remote controlled jet. The FAA investigated but could not identify the pilot of the drone.
American said it is "aware of the published report alleging an incident with one of our express flights and we are investigating."
The airline said it would share any information with the FAA and would not comment further.
The incident was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
In his address to the Small Unmanned Systems Business Expo in San Francisco, Williams also showed videos of several drone accidents, including one in which a drone crashed into a crowd during the running of the bulls in Richmond, Virginia, last fall.
The crash was caused by a battery failure and resulted in minor injuries, he said.
Williams also noted the "Miracle on the Hudson," in which birds hit the engine of a flight leaving New York, prompting an emergency landing on the river.
"Imagine a metal-and-plastic object, especially that big lithium battery, going into a high-speed turbine engine," he said.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Diane Craft)
How does a company whose workforce is mostly millennials keep them focused and discourage them from leaving for their next gig? Madwell ad agency chief creative officer Chris Sojka outlines five ways he's succeeded in keeping his millennial-heavy staff largely intact on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: Madwell
FORGET lazy, self-centred or cocky — the truth about most millennials is they're absolutely hopeless when it comes to basic life and workplace skills, experts say.
Research shows young adults are comfortable putting themselves ‘out there' online, but all that time glued to screens has raised a generation incapable of small talk, critical thinking and problem-solving.
And that's not to mention their staggering inability to cook, draft a personal budget or change a tyre.
“There's been a very steep decline in interpersonal skills and it means that regardless of their school results, young people are going to struggle to get a job,” educator Michaela Launerts said.
Launerts has written the book #Girlcode, which she describes as a guide to interacting properly on this side of a screen.
“It teaches people how to prevent potential disasters in their professional and personal lives that may occur because of the consequences of their online and (online-influenced) behaviour.”
Topics canvassed include the basics, from shaking hands, to more advanced areas like how to convey positive body language, grooming, the art of conversation, dinner etiquette and managing intimate relationships.
The blame for many of these personal inadequacies lies with the internet, she believes. A number of other sociologists agree.
Technological advances have made verbal communication redundant in many parts of life — ordering a pizza, taking part in a university class, planning a holiday and even gym personal training can all be done via an app.
What this means is young people aren't used to speaking to someone in person or on the phone, and the thought of doing so terrifies them.
A survey of American millennials by One Poll found 65 per cent don't feel comfortable engaging with someone face-to-face, and 80 per cent prefer conversing digitally.
As a result of this they're less likely to understand how they're perceived by others in real life.
They struggle to strike up a conversation and can't navigate tricky problems like workplace conflict.
Their time management is shocking and they desire senior roles they can't possibly hope to hold down.
“They're so used to being able to filter themselves before they post something online that they get stuck in a kind of real life stage fright,” Launerts said.
“I've spoken to teenage girls who are more frightened of eating in public than putting a provocative picture of themselves online. That's so frightening to me.”
‘GENERATION LACKING'
It's not just educators who are worried about how woefully unprepared so many young adults are for life.
They're more likely to have a tertiary degree than any other generation, and they can code software and create magic in a digital environment.
But Rachel Weinstein, a clinical psychologist who founded The Adulting School in the US, said these highly skilled candidates often crash and burn in interviews with prospective employers.
“Many lack skills creating a resume, interviewing and (engaging in) professional correspondence,” Weinstein told CNS News.
These sorts of strengths are called ‘soft skills' — critical thinking, problem-solving, attention to detail, working in a group, and verbal and written communication.
These things might sound basic, but they're often missing in most young adults, Lisa Renneisen, co-founder of the GenerationYOU training conference, said.
“The event teaches millennials these soft skills, or enterprise skills as they're also known, which every jobseeker need regardless of the role — networking, problem-solving, interviewing techniques, personal branding and so on,” Renneisen said.
“But it's also about bringing them together and empowering them with the knowledge that they're not alone, and that they can control their own destiny.”
The conference, which has expanded rapidly and now takes place in cities across Australia throughout the year, began through Renneisen's own experience with young recruits.
“We had a bad run with hiring young people back in 2014,” the event and training company director recalled.
“There was one who never showed up (on the first day), one who started but switched off after a few months … the more we spoke to other employers, the more we realised it wasn't just us.”
Launerts said millennials have grown up in online worlds where they make their own rules and don't learn the social conventions that are still expected of them.
“I think it's because of the time they're spending online, which promotes an inward-facing attitude,” Launerts said.
Eye contact, not interrupting, a proper handshake, social engagement — they struggle with what older generations consider basic niceties.
“Body language and creating a good first impression shape how someone sees you. I think most young people lack the concept of what body language is. They're not equipped with the skills to make a good first impression and that's a real problem.”
She has met dozens of recruiters who report being “astounded” at the conduct of young jobseekers. Unless something changes, we'll wind up with a segment of the population doomed to fail, she believes.
“They won't get the opportunity to thrive … without these skills they're going to become passive observers of their own lives.”
NOT ENTIRELY NERVOUS
A study of millennials in the workplace by researchers at the University of California observed that young adults are “unusually and extraordinarily confident” in their abilities.
It has long been noted that younger generations want it all — and they want it now.
“The idea of paying their dues by working hard to demonstrate their worth before they're given significant tasks is likely to be resisted by millennials,” the UC paper noted.
“They seek key roles in significant projects soon after their organisational entry … co-workers see them as overly confident and inappropriately demanding, asking ‘who do you think they are?'”
And by many indications, they are skilled in the theory of their respective professions.
Rather than their ambition being an issue, it's their inability to ‘walk the walk' when they climb the corporate ladder, Renneisen said.
“They want to skip the entry level, junior roles and go into middle management and the like, but they lack the skills needed when they get there,” she said.
“It's everything from picking up the phone to have an awkward or confrontational conversation with someone to working with large teams and managing others.”
FISH OUT OF WATER
This lack of interpersonal skills results in often awkward encounters, university professor Elwood Watson noted in an essay for Diverse Education.
“They engage in behaviour that previous generations would consider weird or outright rude, Watson, an academic at East Tennessee State University, wrote.
“I see this inability to converse directly with other human beings. I've seen students on campus walking next to one another and texting, as opposed to speaking. They're also terrified of directly confronting problems or fears.”
It's not just at work where they're lacking.
Weinstein said millennials flounder when it comes to personal finances, meal planning, time management and general home-based tasks.
“Due to budget cuts and restructuring, schools have changed curriculum and cut courses like (home economics) and consumer science,” she said.
“Families are busy in this fast-paced society and there's less time to focus on household chores, where kids would be learning those skills.”
Her school for millennials, which aims to “fill the gaps in life knowledge”, offers a class called Improv for Resolution and Family Communication.
Put simply, it teaches young adults how to navigate conflict during family holiday gatherings.
The blame doesn't lie entirely with digital technology. How we educate young people could also be behind the dwindling priority placed on life skills.
Teaching students how to pass exams and standardised tests is favoured more and more.
“As a result, we've created a generation of doctors, lawyers and accountants who don't know how to cook dinner. The disconnect is stark — minds capable of advanced calculus that are unfamiliar with creating a monthly budget,” the Huffington Post noted.
FAR FROM HOPELESS
Life skills are essential, and thankfully they're not difficult to learn.
Launerts said humans are inherently social and “genetically programmed” to interact in the manner that young adults find uncomfortable.
“If we can teach young people these skills and demonstrate why they're important, we can steer them back on the right track,” she said.
“We need to show them how to be their best selves.”
Renneisen agreed, saying many millennials don't realise they're not just “at the mercy of ‘the system'”.
“It's about telling them that they can actually control their own destiny,” she said. “But I think it's also important to remind them they don't have to have it all figured out by 21.”
McCollum and Brown were released in September 2014 after a judge vacated their convictions, citing new DNA evidence that points to another man in the killing and raping of 11-year-old Sabrina Buie in 1983.
McCollum had been the longest-serving inmate on North Carolina's death row. Brown had been sentenced to life in prison.
Pardons in June from the governor qualified each of the brothers to receive $50,000 from the state for every year they were imprisoned, with a limit of $750,000.
The funds will be available after a period of 15 days, deputy commissioner J. Brad Donovan said.
In the months since their release, both men have had trouble adjusting to the outside world after spending most of their adult lives in prison. Money has been a problem, but McCollum told The Associated Press in June that the most important part of the pardon was having his name cleared.
The case began in September 1983, when Buie's body was found in a soybean field in rural Robeson County. Items found nearby included cigarette butts, a beer can and two bloody sticks.
Defense attorneys have said the brothers were scared teenagers who had low IQs when they were questioned by police and coerced into confessing. McCollum was then 19, and Brown was 15.
The DNA from the cigarette butts doesn't match Brown or McCollum, and fingerprints taken from the beer can weren't theirs either. No physical evidence connects them to the crime, a judge and prosecutor acknowledged in late 2014.
Based largely on their confessions, both were initially given death sentences, which were overturned. Upon retrial, McCollum was again sent to death row, while Brown was convicted of rape and sentenced to life.
This film was not what I expected. It told a story that I have only a vague second hand knowledge of. Lots of movies and dramas explore adoption in South Korea, but not what happens to these adopted children afterward. The story felt very honest. Feelings of being less loved, not a real member of the family and isolation must be familiar to many adopted children. I can only be a spectator, as I am not adopted. I sympathized a lot with the main character. I found his struggle with identity to be understandable and quite a sad reality for so many children around the globe. I didn't understand some of his choices in life, but people are complex beings. The alternation between real life and animation was entertaining and allowed for some creativity. I enjoyed that aspect of the film, especially because Jung is a talented artist. It could have delved a little deeper into Jung's thoughts and motivations, but it definitely gave viewers insight into his view of the world. I loved his thoughts as he reflected on his childhood as an adult. Perspective really does change things. I really enjoyed the movie overall and would recommend it to anyone. It could be eye opening in regard to the realities many adopted children face. It could also be comforting if you happen to be one of those children.
The Ravens and Redskins have been two nearby teams at opposite ends of the NFL spectrum for most of the past decade. They're case studies in how to run an organization and how not to run one, respectively, a contrast between the cool approach of longtime Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome and the annual frenzied idiocy of Redskins owner Daniel Snyder as lovingly interpreted by longtime sidekick Vinny Cerrato. The Cerrato era has moved on, but it wasn't until the second half of this season that the two neighbors started to look like they were swapping roles.
The Ravens went 10-6, but they slumped badly after a glut of defensive injuries that took out many of their stars, notably including legendary middle linebacker Ray Lewis, who announced his impending retirement from the game at the end of the season. The Redskins went the other way to 10-6, starting slowly before igniting after their bye week with a seven-game winning streak to end the season under their new franchise player, 22-year-old quarterback Robert Griffin III. The two teams even had a game that served as a microcosm of their respective regular seasons in Week 14, a game in which the Redskins got off to an early lead, only for the Ravens to pull ahead for most of the game before Washington got hot at the end and pulled out a narrow, come-from-behind victory after Griffin suffered an injury. The Ravens limped into the postseason, while the Redskins roared.
It took only one week for all that change to dissipate. I traveled to Baltimore and Washington this weekend for the rare opportunity to see two home playoff games within driving distance of one another in one day. I saw two sets of fans at different points of their emotional curve as supporters, and two games that went in wildly differing directions. By the end of the fourth quarter in Washington, it felt like nothing had changed in the Mid-Atlantic region. The Ravens were up and the Redskins were down.
The day started with a drive from D.C. to Baltimore, where Ravens fans were out in droves to see Lewis's final home game as a member of the organization he's represented over the past 17 years. While there was the occasional merchandise stand outside the field with a vulgar T-shirt to remind the uninitiated that the opponents were once Baltimore's team, and the introduction of Indianapolis head coach and former Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano got a nice ovation, the opposing Colts seemed to be more of an afterthought than anything else. As with many athletes, Lewis's legacy becomes more complicated with each step you take away from his home turf, but there were no whispers on Sunday.
I was helped up to the front row of one of the sections near the tunnel for Lewis's famous pregame squirrel dance and, well, it was hard not to get hyped for the rest of the day. I wanted to write the best tweets and take the best notes I'd ever taken in my entire life over the next three hours. Was it because of Lewis's dance or the broader context of what it meant, though? I'm not sure, but watching 37-year-old men dancing to “Hot in Herre” hasn't previously gotten me quite as excited without the pyro and the 70,000 people screaming.
It was easy to want to will Lewis into putting together a brilliant performance for his final game in Baltimore. He had the chance to bring those dreams into focus in the second quarter, when a pass was deflected at the line of scrimmage before earmarking a path directly to a wide-open Lewis. The ball hung in the air just long enough for the crowd to realize what was about to happen, with the loudest roar of the day coming just as Lewis had the ball bounce out of his hands and to the ground. The mythologizing came afterward, when the local radio guys chattered about how it was a vintage game for Lewis. In reality, it was impressive less for the quality of his play and more for its quantity; Lewis came back from a half-season away with a torn triceps and played virtually every snap, a surprise considering how limited his role was expected to be. He didn't seem to be suffering any ill effects from his injury, but the Colts did enjoy a lot of success throwing in his direction, with Andrew Luck completing a number of passes to receivers camped out just outside of Lewis's zones.
Lewis got the attention after the game, but the real star was outside linebacker Paul Kruger, who had a monster game rushing the passer, with 2.5 sacks, five quarterback knockdowns, a forced fumble, and a tackle for loss. Kruger is, in his own right, a link between Baltimore's past and future. When the Ravens took Kruger in the second round of the 2009 draft, he chose to wear number 99, a jersey last worn in Baltimore by high-motor defensive end Michael McCrary. Former Ravens defensive coordinator Rex Ryan wasn't pleased about the move at the time: “I'm disappointed they gave his jersey to some rookie who hasn't proven shit, excuse my language.” After a key interception to win a game against the Steelers during his rookie year, Kruger mostly rode pine and played special teams for his first three years with the team. It's only in recent weeks that he's had a steady chance to start, and Kruger has suddenly become an impact player. He now has 10 sacks across his last nine games, which ties him in well with the immediate future Baltimore faces: cap issues. Kruger is a free agent after the season, and the perennially cap-strapped Ravens will have to find a way to fit him in while taking care of their quarterback situation.
The hardest part of the trip was always going to be the drive from Baltimore to Washington. Redskins games are notorious for gnarled traffic jams stretching miles away from the stadium, let alone Redskins playoff games combined with the traffic leaving another playoff game at the beginning of the trip. When I talked about my plans in the Baltimore press box, I was met with good-natured knowing laughs and suggestions of how to wait out traffic jams. My old Football Outsiders buddy Mike Tanier told me his secret was to take 295. Another told me to do anything but take 295. I'd psyched myself out by the end of the day and just assumed that I would have to leave the Ravens game early and get to the Redskins game late, with my goal being to miss a quarter of action in each. I hoped that the Ravens game would be out of hand by the time I left.
Then something amazing happened. With the Colts about to kick a field goal to make it a one-score game and bring the teams within five points, Adam Vinatieri somehow conspired to miss a 40-yard field goal. I took that as a sign and got up to leave with 13 minutes left in the fourth quarter. By the time I was walking past the “Fuck Indianapolis” shirts and finally in the parking lot, the crowd was roaring with a big run from Bernard Pierce. As I pulled out of the parking lot, Anquan Boldin's touchdown came over the radio and made it a much more comfortable 15-point game. The only thing I missed the rest of the way was Lewis coming on the field for one final snap as a wide receiver. Even more amazingly, in a story that can only bode great things for 2013, I didn't hit one drop of traffic between Baltimore and Landover. I somehow got to the stadium steps for Redskins-Seahawks in time for the anthem after a drive of about 30 minutes, a move that inspired awe from my friends in D.C.
And then that Redskins game happened. The angles and locations of the press boxes in Baltimore and Washington are totally different. In Baltimore, the press box is in the traditional center of the action, so there's really nothing between you and your view of the field. In Washington, the press box is in the corner of one of the end zones, so your view is equal amounts the field and the people in the stands. The perspective forces you to see the game and interpret the reaction from the lens of the crowd at the same time. From that angle, there's one thing that really stood out to me that I wouldn't have picked up on TV: how joyous and raucous the Washington crowd was during that first quarter. It seemed tangibly different from the energy put out by the Ravens fans, who haven't been able to plan a vacation in January for years. Their concern seemed to be ensuring that Lewis had a suitable sendoff in his final game. The Ravens fans reacted like their biggest concern was protecting their house. The Redskins fans reacted to that opening quarter like they were finally proud to show theirs off.
Over the final three quarters, of course, the crowd mostly sat in stunned silence in between big plays from the Seahawks and painfully short drives from the Redskins offense. They came to life again when the Redskins forced Marshawn Lynch to fumble on the goal line, and occasionally chanted “RG3” in the hopes of inspiring their injured quarterback, but the crowd otherwise seemed shocked at the slow burn of failure that was occurring before their eyes. I didn't hear any of the crowd sweetening that was reportedly going on, which shouldn't be surprising, since every other Daniel Snyder initiative related to the stadium has been a miserable failure, too. If Griffin does have a torn ACL, the Redskins will never live down their choice to pass on re-sodding the turf after Week 17.
The crowd started to file out after Griffin's knee injury brought the competitive portion of the game to a close, and by the time I'd sat through the painful press conferences of Shanahan and Griffin and put together my story on the situation, it was time to walk to my car and head home. There were maybe a dozen people left in the lots, but just as was the case after the loss by the Nationals in Game 5 of last year's NLDS, I was surprised at the lack of self-pity and anger I heard. Granted, the people left in the parking lot were likely very drunk, but they weren't talking like people who were seeing their team get that one crack at success before another decade of misery. They were chatting about the future like a bunch of fans who were disappointed by what happened and wished that things had gone differently, but fully expected these January trips to become a regular occurrence again. Elite young talent will do that to you. After a tough year for D.C. sports fans, here's to a better set of endings in 2013.
UPDATE: We are happy to report that all players made a great effort in the latest community challenge and reached 10 billion in team score in the allotted time.
As a reward, we are now preparing the “Party Pooper” dog tag for unlocking — You should see it on Battlelog and in-game now. Thanks for participating and for being a great team player!
Are you ready for the ultimate team player challenge? We have a new community challenge dog tag ready for unlocking – but only if you can amass 10 billion in team score together with your fellow Battlefield 3 players!
We are proud to announce our new dog tag challenge testing your team player abilities to the max. If you're already thinking about taking part in the January Premium competition, there's no need to choose between the two. Participating in the Premium competition will automatically mean you are also contributing to the dog tag challenge, since they are tracking the same team actions.
Full details below. Good luck and have fun!
Challenge: Reach 10 billion (10,000,000,000) in team score
When: From January 25-29 UTC (Click link for exact times)
Who: All Battlefield 3 players, all platforms work together
Criteria: Any server, any map, any mode
Eligible team actions for this challenge:
Revives
Savior kills
Heals
Ammo resupplies
Spot assists
Squad attack orders
Squad defend orders
Repairs
Score awarded for these team actions: Same as in-game
Unlocks: “Party Pooper” dog tag
There are many things that people find challenging about feminist activism, but rape culture continues to be one of the most confronting and difficult topics. Although the number of people prepared to accept that rape culture exists is growing, there are still far too many who wilfully resist understanding the concept altogether. Reactions prompted by discussions of rape culture invariably include exclamations like "rape culture doesn't exist!", "how can anyone be taught to rape?!" and "rapists are considered to be the scum of the earth!"
But as feminist writers continue to reiterate, rape culture isn't the simplistic notion that sexual assault is somehow being taught as part of the HSC. It's far more subtle than that, and refers to a state of existence in which the impact and reality of sexual violence is minimised while the perpetrators of it are supported by a complex system built on flawed human beliefs, mythologies about gender, and good old fashioned misogyny.
SHARE
Share on Facebook SHARE
Share on Twitter TWEET
Link Sexual assault is not a "bad thing" sometimes done by otherwise "good men". Yet good reputations continue to be used as excuses for rape. Photo: Amir Kaljikovic/Stocksy
The offering of "boys will be boys" in response to coercive sexual assault is a good example of this, not to mention the frequency with which the female victims of such behaviour are dismissed as "sluts" who "should have known what they were getting into" with men who are described as "good blokes" who let things "get out of hand".
Rape culture isn't just about the impulse to excuse or deny perpetrators' actions. It also manifests in the way people – many of them in positions of power in their own communities – will bend over backwards to defend and diminish culpability of perpetrators, despite recognising the reality of their predatory and violent actions.
Consider the recent case of the Utah judge who was allegedly on the verge of tears as he sentenced a man found guilty of sexually assaulting two women.
Judge Thomas Low described Keith Vallejo, a former bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, as being "an extraordinarily good man". Vallejo had been convicted of two separate assaults dating back to 2013, because apparently "great men sometimes do bad things".
Advertisement
Imagine having to sit in court as the person appointed to impartially adjudicate on your case describes the man found guilty of raping you as an "extraordinarily good person".
This is rape culture. It's the casual ease by which even those people employed to enforce the law are able to assess rape and sexual assault as being somehow separate to a person's character: they are a great bloke, a good friend, an upstanding teammate, an "extraordinarily good person", and raping someone else is just a separate mistake they made that shouldn't be held against them.
But rape isn't something that otherwise good and decent people just stumble into. Someone who makes the choice to rape or sexually assault someone isn't acting out of character – rather, they are expressing a central part of their character that all too many people seem willing to overlook in their desires to have these people continue to be "good". The part of their character that believes they are entitled to use women's bodies against their will, to dominate and hurt women for their own gratification.
When people say of a known rapist that they are a "good" person, what they mean is "they are good to me". Yes, defendants and their lawyers are entitled in our legal system to mount a defence that includes character testimonies – but I contend that a law predominantly written and enforced by men (and men of certain, privileged backgrounds) is fundamentally flawed in its ability to deal with the impact of sex crimes that are mostly perpetrated by men against women.
It shouldn't matter that someone has an exemplary record of community service or workplace success, because their ability to treat other people with respect in public doesn't and shouldn't negate their willingness to assault a single person in private.
And yet time after time, these caveats are offered as some kind of explanation or plea against overly harsh punishment. The Steubenville rapists were good boys with "promising [athletic] futures". The Stanford rapist was a "swimming star" whose life didn't apparently deserve to be ruined because of "twenty minutes of action". Oncologist John Kearsley drugged and sexually assaulted a female colleague, but he had given "extraordinary service to the medical profession".
The men who rape and sexually assault women are considered by all too many people to have merely "made a mistake", and one that they deserve to be given opportunity to fully recover from. And the recovery of their victims? Well.. he said he was sorry.
And this is also rape culture: the belief that sexual predation is the domain of loners and social misfits, and that an outward appearance of goodness is a talisman against abusive behaviour.
It is possible for many predators to appear as upstanding members of their community, good blokes and charitable women, kind hearted, salt-of-the-earth types who know how to have a laugh and get on well with everyone. Not all people who commit sexual assault are charming – but charm has always gone a long way to allowing sexually abusive people to hide in plain sight of communities that will overwhelmingly testify in their favour.
As writer Lauren DeStefano tweeted following the Brock Turner sentence, "if someone's a rapist and an athlete, they're not an athlete who made a mistake, they're a criminal who can also swim."
I'm tired of having to list these examples in order to prove to people that rape culture is real when the evidence continues to pile up. We have schoolboys sexually assaulting their female peers and sending video footage of it to friends who laugh about it, and these schoolboys are then defended by the adults in their communities as "good boys" while their victims are shamed and cast out as troublemakers.
Rape culture might not be about instructing anyone on how to rape someone, but it certainly is about reassuring through example that those who do won't necessarily be held to account for it, if there's a way their victim can be blamed instead.
Because rape isn't always (in fact, it isn't even mostly) the result of inherent evil. The culture we live in has proven itself willing and eager to side with men who harm women, even while pretending not to excuse the "mistakes" they make.
Overthrowing rape culture won't just save women from being victimised by it – it will also save men from being conditioned by it. And if someone you know is opposed to either one of those outcomes, then I have news for you: they are not the good person you think they are.
KASUR: The wife of Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan, Reham Khan, said on Thursday there was no need for an inquiry in regards to the Kasur child abuse case, adding that people just wanted expeditious justice.
"If the government does not want to resolve an issue, they initiate an inquiry into it," remarked Reham, adding that "there is no need for further evidence when hundreds of witnesses have come forward and 400 videos exist of the abuse."
"Those sitting in parliament have done nothing; have they made any laws to protect children? They enjoy all the perks of a public office but do not work for a single day," said Reham.
Read: Child abuse victims expect govt to deliver justice, says Reham Khan
Reham was speaking at Kasur's Husain Khanwala area, where she reached earlier today to meet families and victims of the child molestation scandals.
"We would also bring in a team of psychologists to help children and parents who suffered this horrible ordeal," said Reham, while addressing those affected by the tragedy.
"This child abuse scandal is extremely shameful, and it is the need of the hour to punish those responsible without delay."
Reham urged Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to follow through on his promise to deliver exemplary punishment to the culprits.
She also said child abuse is not only limited to Kasur, and concrete steps need to be taken to rid Pakistan of this ill.
Earlier in the week, she addressed a press conference after meeting the families and victims of child abuse on her first visit to Kasur.
Also Read: Kasur child abuse scandal: Shahbaz orders judicial probe
Last week, the Lahore High Court (LHC) sought a report from Advocate General Punjab Naveed Rasool Mirza, Inspector General Police Punjab Mushtaq Sukhera and Home Secretary Punjab Azam Suleman to determine if the Kasur child abuse case can be tried in an ATC.
Earlier, relatives of four more victims had come forward to register their complaints in the child abuse scandal. An application was filed by family members claiming that the victims had been abused at gunpoint.
Reports of the sexual abuse of about 280 children have shocked the country. Most of the victims who are from Husain Khanwala village near Kasur are less than 14-years-old. The victims were sexually abused and filmed by members of a gang. Their families had also been blackmailed by the gang since 2009.
President Barack Obama speaks to the media after receiving an update from military leaders on the campaign against ISIS. July 6, 2015.
U.S. President Barack Obama has offered Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu immediate talks to upgrade the Israel Defense Forces' offensive and defensive capabilities in the wake of the deal on Iran's nuclear program, a senior U.S. official told Haaretz.
In a phone conversation between the two leaders Tuesday, Netanyahu did not respond to the offer, said the official, who requested anonymity.
He said this was the second time Obama had made a direct offer to Netanyahu on launching such talks. The first time was in an April 2 phone call, a few hours after the announcement of the framework nuclear deal in Lausanne, Switzerland.
But Netanyahu did not accept that offer so as to avoid implying that Israel had come to terms with the nuclear deal. Also, in late May, Netanyahu told reporters that Israel would fight the nuclear accord and not seek any kind of reciprocal deal with Washington.
But now Obama has told Netanyahu he understands why the Israeli leader did not accept the April offer, the official said. With the deal with Iran sealed, Obama believes that Israel and the United States should hold talks on how to preserve Israel's qualitative military edge given the changes that could occur in the region as a result of the nuclear accord.
On Tuesday, Obama told Netanyahu he would send Defense Secretary Ashton Carter to Israel for talks next week. Carter is expected to repeat Obama's offer, but it is too early to predict the response by Netanyahu and his defense minister, Moshe Ya'alon.
“We're still waiting for an Israeli answer. If Israel wants to wait until after the Congressional debate on the nuclear accord that's fine too,” the U.S. official said.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
“We'll be ready to hold these talks then too, because the day after the agreement goes into effect the sun will still shine and Israel and the U.S. will continue to work together on security matters.”
In an interview Tuesday with The New York Times, Obama said: “I'm prepared to go further than any other administration's gone before in terms of providing them additional security assurances from the United States."
According to Obama, “The thing I want to emphasize is that people's concerns here are legitimate. Hezbollah has tens of thousands of missiles that are pointed toward Israel. They are becoming more sophisticated. The interdiction of those weapon flows has not been as successful as it needs to be.”
Netanyahu told the Knesset Wednesday he intended to keep fighting the nuclear accord and believed he could succeed.
“The agreement that was signed in Vienna is not the final word,” he said. “We will continue to point out its flaws and dangers, and the danger of making such a deal with a murderous dictatorship.” One way Netanyahu plans to fight the agreement is by trying to persuade the U.S. Congress to vote against the lifting of the economic sanctions on Iran.
Obama said Tuesday he would veto any decision by Congress that could block the implementation of the nuclear accord. A two-thirds' majority is needed to override a presidential veto, so Netanyahu would have to persuade many Democrats to oppose their president.
In the interview with The New York Times, Obama said he was confident he could get the accord approved by Congress.
“But after that's done, if that's what [Netanyahu] thinks is appropriate, then I will sit down, as we have consistently throughout my administration, and then ask some very practical questions: How do we prevent Hezbollah from acquiring more sophisticated weapons?” he said.
“How do we build on the success of Iron Dome, which the United States worked with Israel to develop and has saved Israeli lives?”
Meanwhile, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond, who will meet with Netanyahu in Jerusalem on Thursday, said the Netanyahu government would have opposed any agreement.
“Israel wants a permanent state of standoff and I don't believe that's in the interests of the region,” he said Wednesday, adding that he would try to explain Britain's position to Netanyahu — not that he expected to convince him.
“He has made clear that he intends to fight it all the way and that Israel will seek to use its influence in the U.S. Congress to obstruct the progress of the deal,” Hammond said. “I am confident that action will not succeed.”
Hammond expressed the hope that Israel would ultimately adopt a pragmatic approach. Once it had exhausted its efforts to stop the accord, it might “seek to engage in a sensible and pragmatic way to deal with the new reality on the ground in the Middle East, to the benefit of everyone.”
Hammond's criticism echoed that of his German counterpart, Frank-Walter Steinmeier. “This is a responsible deal and Israel should also take a closer look at it and not criticize the agreement in a very coarse way,” Steinmeier said Tuesday.
WHEN Rob Ford's time as mayor of Toronto became a reality show that lurched from one cringe-inducing revelation to another, one question loomed: How did he come to lead Canada's largest city? His rumpled suits, fondness for profanity, racist and homophobic remarks, public drunkenness, admitted drug use and general boorishness made Mr. Ford seem like an outlier in a city that had carefully cultivated a reputation for multiculturalism, tolerance and sophistication.
But Mr. Ford, who died on March 22 while being treated for a rare form of cancer, wasn't a sign that something was wrong with the city, but evidence of the smart planning and foresight that helped Toronto avoid many of the problems that plague American cities. In short, Toronto works because its suburbs never separated themselves economically or politically from the city core. Mr. Ford, a suburban populist, may have been an embarrassment to some, but his election shows that the system works.
In 1953, the city itself was doing just fine, but the 12 smaller municipalities surrounding it were struggling to keep up with their postwar sprawl. So the province of Ontario imposed a metropolitan government over the entire region to handle big, costly projects: policing, water and sewer systems and major roads. Each of the cities, still run by their local councils, paid into the kitty according to their tax base assessments. Toronto, which had 57 percent of the population, paid 62 percent of the metropolis's bills.
The system certainly had its problems, but it made common cause between the suburbs and the city center. But the rapid rise of suburbia swiftly reversed that cash flow. Just nine years later, Toronto made up just 38 percent of the metropolitan area's population and it contributed 44 percent of its budget.
Any solution intercepting the terminal operations except flatMap -based solution (as proposed by @Holger) would be fragile to the following code:
Stream<String> stream = getAutoCloseableStream(); if(stream.iterator().hasNext()) { // do something if stream is non-empty }
Such usage is absolutely legal by the specification. Do not forget that iterator() and spliterator() are terminal stream operations, but after their execution you still need access to the stream source. Also it's perfectly valid to abandon the Iterator or Spliterator in any state, so you just cannot know whether it will be used further or not.
You may consider advicing users not to use iterator() and spliterator() , but what about this code?
Stream<String> stream = getAutoCloseableStream(); Stream.concat(stream, Stream.of("xyz")).findFirst();
This internally uses spliterator().tryAdvance() for the first stream, then abandons it (though closes if the resulting stream close() is called explicitly). You will need to ask your users not to use Stream.concat as well. And as far as I know internally in your library you are using iterator() / spliterator() pretty often, so you will need to revisit all these places for possible problems. And, of course there are plenty of other libraries which also use iterator() / spliterator() and may short-circuit after that: all of them would become incompatible with your feature.
Why flatMap -based solution works here? Because upon the first call of the hasNext() or tryAdvance() it dumps the entire stream content into the intermediate buffer and closes the original stream source. So depending on the stream size you may waste much intermediate memory or even have OutOfMemoryError .
You may also consider keeping the PhantomReference s to the Stream objects and monitoring the ReferenceQueue . In this case the completion will be triggered by garbage collector (which also has some drawbacks).
In conclusion my advice is to stay with try-with-resources.
Attention, trolls: you abuse J. K. Rowling at your peril.
Twitter user Steve Josiah (@sjosiah0) apparently thought the Labour Party's losses in this week's UK election were a good occasion on which to send the writer a creepy, misogynistic message crowing over the election:
Rowling's reply was perfect:
.@sjosiah0 The Internet doesn't just offer opportunities for misogynistic abuse, you know. Penis enlargers can also be bought discreetly. — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) May 8, 2015
For those of you who don't speak fluent Twitter Burn, that was the world's most successful living author generously advising a hate-spewing troll on where to obtain remedies for his distressingly small penis.
It's difficult to say for sure, because his account appears to have been suspended, but one assumes Josiah has taken Rowling's generous advice to heart and is now devoting his time to online activities that offer greater potential for self-improvement.
Understanding Your Customers: Why People Stay at B&Bs
Business is looking up for B&B's this year. A recent study by Ypartnership showed that nearly eight out of ten leisure travelers considered booking a B&B in their plans. The higher the income group, the more likely they were to choose this option. To capitalize off of this trend, let's get to know the motivation behind travelers' choices.
The Mental Picture
Most people's first experiences with B&B's are indirect. They may hear a friend talking about a recent trip or drive by a local B&B in their town. Most often, it's the media that paints the mental image of the B&B. Think of all the films and TV shows you've seen that have featured a B&B experience.
A recent episode of the hit series How I Met Your Mother comes to mind. The classic married couple heads to quaint spot outside New York City. One of them loses herself so completely in relaxation and spa treatments, she doesn't even realize her husband is gone. Check out this post from the Old Hen listing ten movies that featured B&B's on the big screen.
It's amazing how powerful those indirect experiences are. The mental picture of a perfect B&B has come to represent the romantic getaway, the adventurous traveler, the relaxed atmosphere and the unique experience. These are all abstract pieces of the mental picture. It's this quintessential image that most often attracts first-time guests. It's the real-life experience that gets B&B customers hooked. (tweet this)
The Social Aspect
More travelers today want a deeper connection with the places they visit. With big hotels sometimes the only interaction you'll have is when you're checking in. The impersonal hotel chain experience can't compare with an intimate B&B.
An owner with local knowledge is an important attraction, as well as the opportunity to meet other interesting guests.
B&B's give guests more options between privacy and socializing. Common areas and meals let people meet without feeling overcrowded, but the private room layout gives guests alone time if they need it. There's also less possibility of disturbance from neighboring rooms, since the setting is less anonymous than a standard hotel.
More flexible social options make for a memorable trip. As guests get to know you and your B&B, they'll ask more questions and get engaged with your area. You'll be their go-to person for advice on local events, restaurants and shopping options. The value of your friendly, personal service outweighs any chain hotel's information desk.
The One-of-a-Kind Attraction
No matter where you go, the Hilton will always look pretty much the same. This isn't so with B&B's. Each one has a distinct history, owner, and style of accommodation.
A top reason given for travelers choosing B&B's is the option to reserve a specific room with unique qualities. Especially for returning guests, this makes for a special experience with sentimental value. The individual decor, furniture, amenities and architecture all add up to make every B&B one-of-a-kind. Make sure you feature them when you set up your Facebook Page.
Unique home-cooked meals are one of the most sought-after features of B&B's. (tweet this) Some larger hotels offer complimentary meals, but they're usually pretty bland and uninventive. The home-cooked appeal of a B&B's meals gives the guests a chance to enjoy local cooking with a personal touch.
Going the Extra Mile
B&B's are known for going above and beyond standard hotel accommodations. The owners take personal pride in their business. They feel a responsibility to make their guests comfortable. If someone has a question or special need, the owner is usually directly available. If you're planning a romantic surprise on a honeymoon trip, the owner will be there to help you out. Guests like it when B&B staff do their best to cater to everyone's needs.
Travelers also expect B&B's to have little extra perks. These might be as simple as free WiFi or an in-house entertainment library. Details like a collection of board games or bookshelf also add to the experience.
Most hotel chains will charge add-on's anywhere they can, so it's refreshing when B&B's are more lenient with the extras. If there's coffee or tea left out on the dresser, it's usually complimentary at B&B's. These things make guests feel more welcome and appreciated in an unfamiliar place.
Knowing what makes people choose your B&B over other options can help you focus on your most attractive features. Create a private yet socially welcome environment. Make sure your B&B has its own unique atmosphere, and go beyond the minimum expectations of standard hotels. These factors will help you deliver on your guests' mental picture of the perfect B&B experience.
Once you understand everything about your customer you can implement your ideas with a B&B website. Hotel Propeller is a great way to get started with your online marketing initiatives.
Photos by Marcus Berg
ANOTHER Media Narrative Fail: Castile Had Gun in His Lap, Failed to Comply to Do Not Move Order, Was Wanted for Robbery (VIDEO)
ANOTHER ANTI-COP MEDIA NARRATIVE FAIL—
Earlier this week the media reported that Philando Castile was shot while sitting in a vehicle after he told police he had a legal concealed carry permit and was reaching for his wallet.
Castile reportedly “reached for his wallet” and was shot dead in cold blood.
His girlfriend made a video while he lay next to her dying of gunshot wounds.
Now here is the rest of the story—
First of all – Castile did not have a permit to carry according to local police.
@cameron_dehart Mr. Castile never applied for a permit to carry with our office. Therefore we did not issue his permit. — Ramsey Sheriff (MN) (@RamseySheriff) July 7, 2016
Minnesota Police Officer Jeronimo Yanez is now telling his side of the story.
Matt Finn at FOX News reported:
“Yanez's attorney says not only did the officer react to the presence of a gun, he tells us that Castile that day failed to comply with a “do not move” order. Officer Yanez ultimately told Castile “do not move” and that he failed to comply with that order and that there was apparently a visible gun. We also went back and looked at the Facebook video and there are certain freeze frames that might indicate a gun on Castile's lap. I spoke to the attorney of the officer and he said it would not be far fetched to assume that could very well be the gun on his lap because he said his client, the officer, actively responded to the presence of a gun. We have also heard police scanner audio… And that audio appears to indicate that the officer was telling dispatch that the day that the day he pulled that car over that he was pulling the car over because Castile fit the description of a wanted suspect in an armed robbery just a few days prior… The attorney said this would be a valid investigatory stop. The officer went as far as to describe Castile before he got out of the car fitting the description of that wanted suspect… Also, on a side note, the officer Yanez is Mexican according to his attorney.”
Castile was wanted for armed robbery.
Once again — the liberal media jumped on a story before all of the facts were known.
And now 5 cops are dead in Dallas.
This survey will ask you about your political preferences, views and stances on current issues in America.
This survey is anonymous and your participation in this study is completely voluntary. If you choose to participate, do not write your name on the questionnaire. No one will be able to identify you, and no one will know whether you participated in this study or not.
There are no known risks if you decide to participate in this research study, nor are there any costs for participating in the study. The information you provide will be used for this class only and is helping psychology students learn the process of conducting a survey.
This survey is a part of a project conducted by students enrolled in the Research Methods and Data Analysis class at Palo Alto University. If you have any questions or concerns please contact Dr. Cassidy Sterling at csterling1@paloaltou.edu
Please type your initials below if you agree to take the survey.
After watching Monday night's debate, an overwhelming majority of Muslim Americans came away thinking it was absolutely inconceivable that they would vote for Donald Trump.
Between his comments of banning all 1.6 billion Muslims from entering the United States or advocating that Muslim Americans wear special identification cards, Trump has done more than enough to alienate the American Muslim population of about 3.3 million.
Wajahat Ali, a prominent writer and creative director for Affinis Labs, provided some astute analysis about what it's like being a Muslim and watching the first presidential debate:
“Each time we, or Islam, is mentioned I want to take a shot of mango lassi [a sweet yogurt drink]; I'll be in a diabetic coma by 11 p.m.,” Ali wrote in the New York Times. “Now we get Hillary Clinton and Mr. Trump trying to prove who is more hawkish on national security. However, only one of these candidates has said he might bar me from entering my own country. Not all attention is good.”
For a majority of Muslim Americans, the presidential race really is a choice between the lesser of two evils. A Pew poll from July found that 70 percent of Muslim Americans lean Democrat, while 11 percent lean Republican.
So, while Hillary Clinton will probably win the Muslim vote, she's still pushing for policies that will be detrimental to not only Muslims, but Arab Christians and Sikhs as well.
During the debate, Hillary advocated for passing and implementing the “No Fly, No Buy” gun proposal, a measure that would ban those on the terrorist no fly list from buying a gun. Those on the government watch list are overwhelmingly Muslim, and, at this point, there isn't an appeal process to get off that list.
As a side note, this was one of the few policy proposals that Trump agreed with Clinton on.
When answering Lester Holt's question about how we should respond to the terrorist threat at home, Clinton said, “I think we've got to have an intelligence surge.”
Clinton continued by saying that the benefits of expanding our intelligence are too significant to ignore. The last time the United States had a surge in intelligence came right after we were attacked on 9/11/01 and Congress hastily passed the Patriot Act.
Many critics believe the Patriot Act was one of the worst pieces of legislation in terms of violating the constitutional rights and civil liberties of Muslim Americans, particularly one's right to privacy and freedom from illegal searches and seizures. The government infringed on these rights by conducting wiretaps, obtaining national security letters, and performing searches without notification, among many others.
While Muslims are terrified of seeing, what they believe to be, an anti-Muslim bigot and demagogue get elected, they should be vocal and speak truth to power that Clinton's policies actually help Muslim Americans flourish in this country, and not further alienate them.
Watch part of the exchange from the debate below:
It seems as though everyone and their mothers (and a fair number of grandmothers, from what I hear) has read E. L. James' erotic novel Fifty Shades of Grey. The book describes the sexual exploits of Christian Grey, a successful and sexy businessman who introduces a young female college student (Anastasia Steele) to the world of bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism, and masochism (BDSM). After hearing so much about Fifty Shades, I couldn't help but wonder about the contents of this book. Is it an accurate depiction of the BDSM community, or is it pure fiction? As you'll see below, the answer to this question is somewhat of a grey area.
Based upon the excerpt I chose to start this article, you could probably tell that the male lead in Fifty Shades is carrying some major emotional baggage. Grey experienced an abusive childhood, was neglected by his "crack whore" of a mother, and had a Mrs. Robinson-like introduction to sex at the age of 15. The book's implication is that these experiences helped to shape Grey's dominant and sadistic sexual persona. However, this is one of the major areas where Fifty Shades splits from reality. Contrary to popular belief, most people who practice BDSM are not psychologically disturbed. Research over the past few decades has consistently found that engaging in BDSM is not associated with an increased likelihood of having experienced childhood sexual abuse or reporting elevated levels of psychological distress as an adult [1].
Part of the reason so many people assume BDSM is inherently pathological is because both sadism and masochism (i.e., the act of giving and receiving pain for sexual purposes) appear in the DSM, the definitive book psychologists and psychiatrists used to diagnose psychopathology. However, one thing that is often lost on people outside of the mental health field is that sadism and masochism are only diagnosable as psychiatric disorders when they cause some type of distress to the individual or result in harm to others. Thus, just because someone enjoys light bondage or spankings or plays with sex toys does not necessarily mean that they have psychological issues or require therapy.
So Grey's backstory would appear to be rather atypical for someone in the BDSM community. But what about the specific sexual behaviors he engages in? As described in the book, Grey has a fairly extensive sexual “playroom,” although I think it would be easy for the average person to see it as more of a dungeon than anything. The room is full of masks and restraints, not to mention implements for spanking and gagging, among other things. While most people likely can't afford the luxury of their own private dungeon, the specific types of sexual behavior described in the book are all quite common in real life among people who practice BDSM. Certainly, the exact way in which these behaviors are practiced varies widely, so Fifty Shades should not be considered a how-to guide. Also, I can't vouch for the safety of the book's depictions—but it will give you an idea of some of the more commonly expressed BDSM behaviors. For example, in one recent study of BDSM, over 80% of participants reported engaging in bondage and flagellation (i.e., whipping or flogging) in the past year [2]. Most participants also reported making use of masks or blindfolds, as well as gags. However, an extremely wide range of behaviors was reported in this study, and these are just a few of the many activities that made the list. On a side note, it's worth pointing out that more extreme forms of BDSM (e.g., cutting, piercing, electric shocks) tend to be pretty rare. For most people who engage in BDSM, just mild or symbolic pain is often the goal and the activities generally aren't violent or dangerous.
The take-home message is that Fifty Shades may expose readers to some common forms of BDSM, but readers should not walk away from the book thinking that people who enjoy such activities are necessarily disturbed or that the behaviors described are the only things practiced in the BDSM community. Bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism, and masochism are just part of the broad range of erotic interests adopted by human beings and they should only be considered problematic to the extent that they cause harm to the self or to others.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Richters, J., de Visser, R. O., Rissel, C. E., Grulich, A. E., & Smith, A. M. A. (2008). Demographic and psychosocial features of participants in bondage and discipline, 'sadomasochism' or dominance and submission (BDSM): Data from a national survey. Journal of Sexual Medicine, 5, 1660-1668.
[2] Sandnabba, N. K., Santtila, P., Alison, L., & Nordling, N. (2002). Demographics, sexual behaviour, family background and abuse experiences of practitioners of sadomasochistic sex: A review of recent research. Sexual and Relationship Therapy, 17, 39-54.
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
Related articles:
It's up for debate who is the real brains of the operation, but we each bring something different to the table. Chris has the most background knowledge of distillation. He has been homebrewing for years and is eager to take the next step into distilling spirits. John is our manufacturing expert. If something breaks or needs to be built, we are counting on him to carry it out. Matt has the business background to keep the books balanced and the dreamer's feet close enough to the ground. Despite our different backgrounds, one thing we all have in common is a passion for this project and for making some great rum.
Sample Bottles, Flavors TBD
Why Rum?
Short answer: We love it. The longer answer is that we can get going with a great white rum product immediately and then play with aged/spiced/flavored varieties after our initial start. We would love to branch out to other spirits down the road, but for now we want to stick to one thing and do it really well.
What we need help with...
Raleigh isn't just in the name of the company. We fully intend to be an integrated part of downtown Raleigh and work closely with local establishments. However, this is a complicated project with a lot of moving parts. These are the things we plan on doing with Kickstarter funds:
• Increase the capacity of our still. Our current plan includes starting operations with a 26 gallon still. However, with a successful Kickstarter we can increase that to a 50 gallon still. Either way it will still be a small handcrafted batch of rum, but the additional capacity will go a long way to helping our production.
• Attain permits. Unfortunately for everyone who likes rum, the timeline to obtain the necessary distilling permits can be very long. We cannot even begin the application until all of our equipment is set up in the distillery. After applying, we can't distill a single drop until all approvals are complete. Kickstarter funds will help us cover all of the costs associated with pulling this off.
• Barrels. Bourbon barrels for rum aging can play a big part in giving rum added flavors. Unluckily for us, they do not come cheaply.
4inch pot still with 50 gallon kettles - Your pledge can make it happen!
How you can further help:
Help us get the word out. Share our kickstarter link with your real friends, facebook friends, Twitter followers, weird relatives, favorite bartenders, forum buddies & coworkers!
We appreciate all of the support so far and this Kickstarter is a big part of getting our business up and running. We could not do this without you.
Swag:
*Tshirt colors are TBD
The Treasury has sold another 1pc stake in Lloyds Banking Group, taking the taxpayers' ownership of the bailed-out bank to just below 14pc.
The price of the share sale was not disclosed, but the 1pc stake was worth around £600m at Friday's market prices.
During the financial crisis, the Government bought a 41pc stake in Lloyds, worth around £20.5 billion.
In a statement, the Treasury said it has now recouped a total £14bn, all of which has gone towards reducing the national debt.
Since December 2014, the Government has been selling shares to the market in a drip-feed process, cutting its stake in Lloyds from 24.9pc to the current 13.99pc.
Under the current system, the government's advisors at investment bank Morgan Stanley sell the stock whenever the shares rise above the break-even price of 73.6p.
Currently the stock is trading at 84p, allowing the privatisation of the bank to proceed rapidly.
The scheme is scheduled to continue until December 2015, but might be called off early – Chancellor George Osborne wants to sell a final tranche of the shares through a retail offering to ordinary investors at a discount to the market price. The sale is expeted to kick off in early 2016.
“It's fantastic news that we've sold more shares in Lloyds Bank, taking the total recovered to almost £14bn,” said Mr Osborne. “I am determined to build on this success, and to continue to return Lloyds to the private sector and reduce our national debt.”
It comes after the bank reported a 38pc rise in profits in the second quarter, despite an additional £1.4bn of PPI compensation costs.
Lloyds also announced a £535m dividend and analysts believe it could distribute another £3.5bn to investors at the end of the year.
Barclays' Rohith Chandra-Rajan predicts Lloyds could give as much as £12bn to £25bn to investors by 2018, and believes the shares could rise as high as 105p. He welcomed the Government's share sales as an important factor in boosting the stock.
“We continue to see the prospect of capital return and the final exit of the UK Government as the main catalysts for share price outperformance from Lloyds over the next 12 months,” said Mr Chandra-Rajan, who expects the bank to pay out 60pc of profits to shareholders.
Follow the Telegraph on LinkedIn. Share this article with your network.
Hawthorn chairman Richard Garvey is coming under pressure from the club's leadership after they were forced to act on chief executive Tracey Gaudry after only five months in the job.
Gaudry, who was the AFL's first permanent female chief executive, was sacked on Sunday night though the club put out a statement on Monday saying she had chosen to stand down for personal and family reasons.
Tracey Gaudry has been sacked from her job as Hawthorn CEO. Credit:Eddie Jim
Hawthorn board member Bruce Stevenson, who was on the selection committee that appointed Gaudry, has also stepped down from the board after four years.
"Unfortunately Tracey has faced extenuating family and personal circumstances ths year which have made it difficult to continue in the role," Garvey said in a statement.
Doctor Who: the most successful British sci-fi show ever, a beloved adventure across time and space that's brought incalculable joy to millions. And it makes no sense.
Advertisement
Since Whom materialised onto screens in 1963, writers have pulled at the show's plot threads from all sides, tearing a series of Slitheen-sized continuity holes across its canon. During our time in the Tardis, two different alien groups have destroyed Pompeii, our poor Earth has met its final destruction twice and the Whoniverse's Atlantis has been destroyed on no less than three separate occasions.
And although stories have seen the Time Lord retroactively fix plot holes by changing history (itself a concept Will Hartnell's Doctor advised against – more on that below), many contradictions still stand tall.
That's not necessarily a bad thing – the legion of Whovians offering theories to explain discrepancies prove just how wonderfully dedicated the fandom is. However, for the moment, here are the questions the show itself hasn't (yet) provided an answer for…
1. Is The Doctor half-human?
Most Whovians agree that although Paul McGann's Eighth Doctor definitely happened, almost all the events of the infamous 1996 Doctor Who TV movie didn't. And that's mainly because it claims that The Doctor is half-human. Twice.
Not only does The Doctor himself declare he is half-human “on my mother's side”, but The Master also confirms the claim later with a retina eye scanner. And whether that seeming proof was down to the Tardis's chameleon circuits working overtime, or simply a writing room decision to make The Doctor more relatable, it didn't go down well with fans this side of the pond.
In fact, over 20 years on, they're still mourning the canon change on Youtube.
However, some have argued that there's every chance The Doctor is indeed a mix of the two species after Peter Capaldi's arc in series nine. The plot centres around a prophecy promising that a “hybrid”, thought to be a crossbreed of two warrior races, is destined to untangle the web of time. And in the same episode, The Doctor announces that the hybrid is “me”.
Could it be that The Doctor was actually referring to Maise William's character Ashildr, also known as Me? Or is The Doctor really half-Time Lord, half-human after all? Well, not in a way that would make sense of Doctor Donna Noble…
During her last episode, Catherine Tate's character is made half-human/half-Time Lord by a genetic meta-crisis, courtesy of the Z-Neutrino Biological Inversion Catalyser (obviously). And this transformation is made possible by mixing the Doctor's DNA with Donna's, meaning The Doctor must be full Time Lord – if not, Donna would be only a quarter Time Lord.
But hey, if we're willing to forget Sylvester McCoy's Doctor's death by random-gang-shootout from the TV Movie, we can sure ignore the whole half-human business.
2. Why hasn't The Doctor always had two hearts?
Apart from his powers of regeneration and trusty sonic screwdriver, The Doctor's dual heartbeats have been the main method employed to distinguish himself from humans. But he hasn't always been sporting two pumps. Although the Third Doctor's 1970 auton adventure Spearhead from Space established The Doctor has two hearts, previous stories have a different take on this core of Gallifreyan biology.
The prime exhibit: William Hartnell story The Edge Of Destruction (1964). In this early story – the show's third ever – The Doctor falls unconscious thanks to a faulty Tardis and companion Ian comes to his aid. But while examining the Time Lord's chest, Ian notes “his heart seems alright”, making no note of a second heartbeat.
The Doctor's assistant may simply not have noticed two tickers, but many fans have taken the incident to mean that the First Doctor only had one heart – yet they offer a simple explanation as to why: Time Lords only grow a second heart after their first regeneration.
Advertisement
It doesn't quite explain how Hartnell's character was able to function without serious discomfort (David Tennant's Time Lord found himself in extreme pain with only one working heart), but until the new Doctor provides a second opinion, it's the best diagnosis we have.
Year Work Role Notes
1988 David and the Magic Pearl David
1989-2001 The Simpsons Additional voices (uncredited)
1991–2002 Rugrats Chuckie Finster/Chuckie's Guardian Angel Played Chuckie for the first 7 seasons and a few early episodes of season 8. Nancy Cartwright replaced her for the rest of the series and the Rugrats spin-off, All Grown Up!.
1992 Raw Toonage Gosalyn Mallard
1992 Gramps Alien Kid #2
1993 Recycle Rex Additional voices
1993 A Flintstone Family Christmas Stony
1994–1995 The Critic Marty Sherman
1994 Aladdin Additional voices
1994 Beethoven Additional voices
1995 Babe Babe She was offered to reprise her role for the sequel, Babe: Pig in the City, but decided against it due to personal matters, so the role was instead played by her Rugrats co-star Elizabeth Daily, the voice of Tommy Pickles.
1995 Balto Additional voices Uncredited
1995–2002 Dexter's Laboratory Dexter Played in seasons 1, 2, and only a few early season 3 episodes, Candi Milo played the rest of the series.
1995-1997 Sing Me a Story with Belle Carroll the Book Worm
1995-1997 The New Adventures of Sheldon Sheldon
1996 P.J. Funnybunny: A Very Cool Easter Ritchie Raccoon credited as Chris Cavanaugh
1996 The Flintstones Christmas in Bedrock Additional voices
1996 Nickelodeon 3D Movie Maker Oblina CD-Rom
1997 King of the Hill Bobby Hill (additional dialogue only, Pamela Adlon regularly performed his voice)
1997 101 Dalmatians: The Series Dumpling, Wizzer
1997 Recess Library Kid, Digger #2, Sue Bob Murphy
1997 Unbeatable Harry Additional voices
1998 Hercules: The Animated Series Alcides
1998 The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald: Scared Silly Birdie the Early Bird Direct-to-video film
1998 Rugrats: Search for Reptar Chuckie Finster Videogame
1998 The Powerpuff Girls Bunny, Bud Smith
1998 The Rugrats Movie Chuckie Finster
1998 The Wild Thornberrys Short-tailed Macaque
1999 Dexter's Laboratory: Ego Trip Dexter, D22, Old Man Dexter TV film
1999 The Brothers Flub Valerina
1999 The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald: The Legend of Grimace Island Birdie Direct-to-video film
1999 The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald: The Visitors from Outer Space Birdie Direct-to-video film
1999 Sing Me a Story with Belle Carol the Book Worm
2000 Cartoon Cartoon Fridays Dexter
2000 Rugrats in Paris: The Movie Chuckie Finster
2001 Lloyd in Space Charmaine
2001 Rugrats: Still Babies After All These Years Chuckie Finster TV documentary
2001 The Rugrats: All Grown Up! Chuckie Finster TV film
2001 The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald: Birthday World Birdie Direct-to-video film
2001 The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald: Have Time, Will Travel Birdie Direct-to-video film
Email Share +1 1K Shares
A federal judge appears ready to rule on the constitutionality of Virginia's same-sex marriage ban in the wake of Attorney General Mark Herring's announcement that he will not defend it.
Judge Arenda L. Wright of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia in Norfolk on Jan. 23 asked the parties in the lawsuit filed by two same-sex couples to file status reports on whether oral arguments that are scheduled to take place on Thursday “remains warranted.” She also told the litigants to tell the court whether it should “instead rule promptly on the briefs without a hearing.”
Lawyers for the plaintiffs — Timothy Bostic and Tony London of Norfolk and Carol Schall and Mary Townley of Richmond — filed their response to Wright's order on Jan. 24. The judge ordered attorneys representing the defendant — Norfolk Circuit Court Clerk George Schaefer — to respond to Herring's position that the state constitutional amendment that defines marriage in Virginia as between a man and a woman is unconstitutional by noon on Monday.
“The attorney general's change in position should not delay this court's resolution of plaintiff's motions for a preliminary injunction and summary judgment,” wrote Bostic and London's lawyers in the status report they submitted to Wright. “If anything, the attorney general's change in position makes clearer the appropriateness of immediate relief.”
Herring's decision not to defend the marriage amendment sparked immediate outrage among some Virginia Republicans and social conservatives.
“The attorney general's decision to refuse to enforce a duly-adopted provision of the Virginia Constitution is frightening,” said state Del. Todd Gilbert (R-Shenandoah County) on Sunday during the Republican Party of Virginia's weekly address.
Victoria Cobb, president of the Family Foundation of Virginia, echoed Gilbert in a statement her organization released after Herring's Jan. 23 announcement.
State Del. Bob Marshall (R-Prince William County) equated the attorney general's announcement during a Jan. 24 interview with Roll Call Editor-in-Chief Christina Bellantoni that aired on “The Kojo Nnamdi Show” on WAMU to a “Pearl Harbor attack on the people of Virginia.” Republican Party of Virginia Chair Pat Mullins is among those who have suggested that Herring should resign.
A Virginia House of Delegates committee on Jan. 24 approved a bill that Gilbert and Marshall introduced earlier this month that would allow any state lawmaker to defend a law if the governor and attorney general decline to do so. The two Republicans are among the 32 lawmakers who urged Gov. Terry McAuliffe on the same day to defend the state's marriage amendment that voters in 2006 approved by a 57-43 percent margin.
“Attorney General Herring apparently is satisfied that the people of Virginia shall not be represented in court to defend the 2006 voter approved one-man, one-woman marriage amendment,” wrote the legislators in the letter of which the Washington Post obtained a copy.
McAuliffe, who took office slightly more than two weeks ago, supports marriage rights for same-sex couples.
“There are people who are going to attack me and try to say ‘well it's about the duty of the attorney general [to defend the marriage ban,]” Herring told the Washington Blade during a Jan. 23 interview. “In fact what they're really upset about is that they disagree with marriage equality. And that's their right, but it's not the law.”
Neighboring Maryland is among the 17 states and D.C. that have extended marriage rights to same-sex couples. Gays and lesbians in Florida, Pennsylvania, Arizona and other states have filed lawsuits seeking the ability to tie the knot in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court's landmark decision last June that found a portion of the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional.
The ACLU, Lambda Legal and the ACLU of Virginia last August filed a class action federal lawsuit on behalf of two lesbian couples from the Shenandoah Valley — including one who tied the knot in D.C. in 2011 — who are seeking marriage rights in the commonwealth. The first hearing in the case is expected to take place in the coming months.
We're not sure about the health risks, but we're going to gas you anyway.
Infowars.com
July 10, 2013
UPDATE: The Inhabitat.com article on the alleged MTA notice, which we previously linked to, is now gone. However, upon further research, the Brookhaven National Laboratory has information on the Perfluorocarbons used in the terrorist response drill. The intent of this article is to showcase how these Perfluorocarbons are not necessarily “harmless” to the public as other news articles and press releases have claimed.
The New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority supposedly released a notice to subway passengers not only thanking them for being gassed lab rats but also admitting that they weren't fully aware what the gas exposure health effects could be.
They did admit, however, that the gas exposure could lead to early menopause for women.
As we reported previously via RT, the New York Police Department announced in April that they would release “harmless” gases into the city's subway station this summer as a terrorist response drill.
The department explained that the drill would test first-responder readiness to a chemical terrorist attack and track the path of the released chemicals.
The full text of the alleged notice follows:
Thank you for riding the MTA. At this time we would like to thank you for participating in a joint study conducted by the NYPD and Brookhaven National Laboratory, sponsored by the Department of Defense. During the month of July riders will be randomly exposed to Per-fluorocarbon gas in five boroughs and on 21 subway lines in an effort to study airflow throughout the MTA subway system. Per-fluorocarbons are colorless, odorless, and powerful man-made greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming. They are emitted as a by-product during aluminum production, are used as solvents in the electronics industry, and as refrigerants in many cooling systems. We still do not fully understand the health effects of Per-fluorocarbon gas exposure, though exposure to Per-fluorocarbons are linked to the early onset of menopause. Studies in animals have found these gases significantly alter liver and thyroid function, increase the risk for tumors, and cause failure in reproductive organs. These gases are being dispersed as a test for your protection against an unwanted chemical attack. Thank you for riding with the MTA and have a safe day.
This notice indicates that the PFC gas is not “harmless” and the program is a partnership between the NYPD and the Department of Defense.
A 2011 study by the West Virginia University School of Medicine concluded “PFC are associated with endocrine disruption in women and that further research on mechanisms is warranted.”
This medical study, which surveyed over 25,000 women, says that “the survey was the result of a class action suit.”
In short, women who take the New York subway may find their childbearing days prematurely cut short. This terrorist drill may even leave some women childless for the rest of their lives.
It will be extremely difficult for women subway riders to avoid PFC gas exposure because the drill was scheduled for dozens of stations on the majority of the subway lines.
This isn't the first time the U.S. government has treated NYC subway riders as unwilling lab rats. In the 1950s and 60s, Fort Detrick scientists exposed bacteria to subway riders to determine the feasibility of a biological attack.
Further Reading:
The Newsletter of the First Responder Technologies Program says “DHS S&T conducted controlled releases of harmless substances – sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) and perfluorocarbon (PFC) gas, as well as sodium fluorescein particles – to simulate a chemical or biological agent's movement, according to Teresa Lustig, the program manager leading the study for DHS S&T's Chemical and Biological Division. Scientists released the gases and particles into the MBTA subway system during a seven-day test.”
An NHL All-Star at just 18 years old, Florida Panthers rookie defenseman Aaron Ekblad fit right in among the league's top players at the 2015 NHL All-Star game in Columbus, Ohio, on Sunday night.
Ekblad, who was a late addition to the All-Star Game roster after Colorado defenseman Erik Johnson opted to skip the event while recovering from a lower-body injury, notched four assists to help lead Team Toews to a 17-12 victory over Team Foligno in the highest-scoring All-Star Game in NHL history.
The highest-scoring defenseman in the game, Ekblad's four-point performance also matched that of former Panthers Olli Jokinen (2003) and Pavel Bure (2000) for the most points at an All-Star Game in franchise history.
Ekblad now trails Bure by just two points on the franchise's all-time All-Star Game scoring list.
Panthers goaltender Roberto Luongo, meanwhile, played the entire first period for Team Toews, stopping 13 of 17 shots.
On Saturday, however, it was Luongo who stole the show with a highlight-reel save to rob Canadiens forward Jiri Sekac of a goal at the NHL Shootout Competition .
You can follow Jameson Olive on Twitter @JamesonCoop or email him at JamesonOlive@gmail.com.
Lightning Routing: Rough Background
Rusty Russell Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 18, 2016
There's an exciting (and deep!) paper by BitFury called Flare: An Approach to Routing in Lightning Network which describes an ambitious scheme for scalable routing in the Lightning network (naturally, they released it as I was about to go on vacation, but I read it as soon as I got back).
It's certainly great to document much of this which has previously been sitting in random conversations and mailing list threads: this goes further and is an ambitious (and daunting!) attempt to create a global-scale routing solution. It's complex, but that's OK: we're not going to need this today, but there's little doubt that we'll need to consider something comparable eventually.
To understand the problem, let's consider the requirements for networks of various sizes: 10,000 nodes, 100,000 nodes and 1 million nodes. Let's further assume 4 channels per node, and that the fees charged for each channel changes on average once per minute. That fee change rate seems high to me, given how little visible information there is to drive fee changes, but let's be conservative.
Now, there are two kinds of route information. The existence of channels changes slowly (especially if we require a minimum age of channel for public routes), as it requires a commitment in the blockchain. Consider this the static information. Whereas the fee information (and potentially, information about current channel balance, though it's unclear that is necessary) can change rapidly; dynamic information.
Sizing the Static Map Information
Assuming each node knows about the bitcoin blockchain headers (ie. lightweight node), you need the following to prove that a pair of nodes own a channel:
The block number (4 bytes). The merkle proof of the transaction (say, 12 x 32 = 400 bytes). The transaction itself (say 200 bytes). The commit keys used in the transaction (since it's P2WSH): 66 bytes. Signatures by those keys on the node ids (Appendix A of Flare has a better way of doing this, and we could certainly batch it, but naively it's 2 x (64 + 33)= 192 bytes)
That's 860 bytes to prove a pair of node ids has created a channel. Here are the storage requirements for our different sized networks:
10k nodes: 34.4M
100k nodes: 344M
1M nodes: 3.44G
But note that we don't actually have to keep all this: a genuinely light node needs to simply remember all the node ids (33 bytes), then for each channel, which nodes (two 4 byte indices), channel capacity (8 bytes), block number (4 bytes) and txindex (2 bytes). That gives a much more approachable:
10k nodes: 1.21M
100k nodes: 12.1M
1M nodes: 121M
Yay, my phone can easily hold a 1M node lightning network! Not so fast…
Sizing the Dynamic Map Information
A fee update requires a signature from the node (64 bytes), a fee rate (4 bytes base + 4 bytes percentage) and some way of identifying the channel (4 byte block number + 2 byte txindex). And remember every channel updates every minute in our model, so here are the daily bandwidth requirements for the whole thing:
10k nodes: 1.123 GB/day
100k nodes: 11.23 GB/day
1M nodes: 112.3 GB/day
And that's why the battle is really about the dynamic information.
First Step: Broadcast All The Things
My plan is to follow bitcoin's bootstrapping and use IRC for the next c-lightning release. It's dumb, but very simple. Clearly, it won't scale to thousands of nodes though.
Second Step: Global Landmarks
The obvious update from global knowledge is to constrain the graph by ensuring everyone knows the routes to somewhere in common (say, randomly selected by the bitcoin block hash once a day). This is still pretty simple and scales really well, until the landmarks get swamped or DoSed. It should provide useful data for further steps, however.
One advantage of this over more sophisticated techniques is that the recipient needs to only post dynamic information for a single nearby landmark; this can be done in a QR code (6 bytes to identify a channel, 8 bytes for the rate information).
Further Steps: Local Information, Shared Landmarks
The paper goes further by negotiating routes, knowing a local neighborhood in detail, and probing for shared landmarks when that fails. I haven't digested the details yet, but getting this right is an interesting problem (in particular, it risks information leakage).
But knowing your own neighborhood has another advantage: many nodes (eg my cell phone) may choose to offer local-only routes. These would not be part of the static map (the node being unavailable much of the time), but could be broadcast for local use within a few hops (say when my Lightning app is open). Importantly, this increases the privacy of my own transactions: the nodes my cell phone has channels with can't know for certain that an HTLC I send is my own.
What's Next
There is going to be more simulation, and as lightning networks start being deployed we'll get more realistic data to feed into them. It's worth reading the “Directions for Further Research” section of the Flare paper to see the kinds of questions which we'll need to answer…
Da BandNews FM Curitiba
Depois de determinar a sentença do ex-ministro Antonio Palocci, o juiz federal Sérgio Moro deve definir nos próximos dias se o ex-presidente Lula é culpado ou inocente no processo que envolve a suposta compra e reforma do tríplex do Guarujá.
O magistrado tem em mãos quase mil páginas de alegações finais do Ministério Público Federal e das defesas dos sete réus da ação penal. Neste processo, o ex-presidente é acusado dos crimes de lavagem de dinheiro e corrupção passiva, por suposto recebimento de propina da OAS, por meio da compra e reforma do tríplex e do armazenamento de bens presidenciais.
Ele teria sido beneficiado, ao to-do, com propinas de três milhões e setecentos mil reais. Em nota emitida nesta segunda-feira (26), a defesa de Lula reafirma que o imóvel nunca foi propriedade do cliente. Segundo os advogados, o tríplex assim como os demais apartamentos do Edifício Solaris pertencem a OAS, que ofereceu as unidades como garantia de diversas operações financeiras que realizou.
O beneficiário final teria sido o Fundo de Garantia por Tempo de Serviço, administrado pela Caixa Econômica Federal. De acordo com a defesa, o FGTS comprou a dívida da OAS e uma das garantias recebidas envolveu os créditos decorrentes de uma venda futura do tríplex. Além de Lula, também são réus nesta ação penal os ex-executivos da OAS, Fabio Yonamine e Léo Pinheiro; o engenheiro da empreiteira que teria realizado a reforma no tríplex, Paulo Gordilho e o Presidente do Instituto Lula, Paulo Okamotto.
Em alegações finais, o MPF pediu à Justiça que os réus deste processo cumpram as penas em regime fechado. Mesmo se condenado à prisão por Moro, a defesa de Lula ainda pode recorrer. O ex-presidente responde ainda a outro processo, o que apura a compra de um terreno, pela Odebrecht, para a construção de uma nova sede para o Instituto Lula e a aquisição de um apartamento em São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo. Moro ainda está ouvindo as testemunhas de defesa e esta etapa deve seguir até a primeira quinzena de julho.
One A-lister isn't holding back from sharing what he truly thinks about The Donald as the leading 2016 Republican presidential contender.
George Clooney has blasted Donald Trump over his controversial statements labeling Mexican immigrants as 'criminals' and 'rapists'.
The famed actor, who was speaking at a press conference at the Toronto Film Festival on Saturday, dubbed the billionaire businessman's comments 'idiotic'.
'Clearly, what he said is idiotic, of course it's idiotic,' Clooney said.
Scroll down for video
Actor George Clooney spoke about Trump at a press conference at the Toronto Film Festival (pictured)
Trump, pictured last week addressing a crowd in Washington D.C., has been criticized by several celebrities
'Anybody who says as intolerant words as those should be laughed at, and that's pretty much [what] I think eventually history will do.'
Clooney, who is starring in an upcoming fictionalized account of the 2002 Bolivian presidential election titled 'Our Brand is Crisis,' also expressed surprise at Trump's success so far in the presidential race.
Referring to a recent poll, he said: 'Who'd have thought Donald Trump would be at 30 per cent?'
According to a CNN/ORC poll released on Thursday, the real estate mogul currently has a support rating of 32 per cent, making him the first Republican candidate to surpass the 30 per cent mark.
He kicked off his campaign in June by saying that the U.S. 'has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems'.
'When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best,' he added. 'They're not sending you… They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us.
'They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.'
Following an outcry, Trump refused to apologize for his comments, insisting that everything he said was 'correct'.
Clooney (above in Toronto) also said that 'anyone who says as intolerant words as those should be laughed at'
Trump (pictured last week) has said the U.S. 'has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems'
Clooney, 54, isn't the only Hollywood star to speak out against Trump recently.
Matt Damon, Clooney's former co-star in the 'Ocean's' franchise, said last month that Trump's comments were 'disgusting.'
Damon, whose wife Luciana Barroso is an Argentine immigrant, said: 'He is talking about anyone who lives south of our border in inhuman terms. He is talking about my wife, my daughters.
'I think we are still laughing at this situation, but if you analyze the things he is saying it is disgusting and dehumanizing,' Damon told Spanish news agency EFE.
Musicians Shakira and Ricky Martin and actress Eva Longoria have also voiced their disapproval of Trump.
Trump has refused to apologize for his verbal attack on Mexican, saying that everything he said was 'correct'
Clooney (at the Toronto Film Festival on Friday) also said he was surprised about Trump's success so far
Anna Scott • March 27, 2017
Juno just flew past Jupiter for the fifth time. What have we learned from the mission so far?
Early this morning, NASA's Juno spacecraft performed its fourth science flyby of Jupiter, and fifth overall, buzzing the giant planet's cloud tops at a height of just 4,400 kilometers.
These flybys show us amazing pictures. But recall that the Juno mission is not only about Internet fame, Instagram-glory, and a legacy of really cool space posters—it's also helping uncover the mysteries of how the solar system formed by taking a deep look at Jupiter's interior.
NASA / JPL-Caltech / SwRI / MSSS / Image processing by Björn Jónsson Jupiter in approximate true color during Juno perijove 4 This image was created using data from Juno perijove 4. It is processed in approximately true color and contrast, with small-scale features slightly sharpened. The large oval is one of the "string of pearls" near latitude 40 degrees south; this is oval A1. This image was created using data from Juno perijove 4. It is processed in approximately true color and contrast, with small-scale features slightly sharpened. The large oval is one of the "string of pearls" near latitude 40 degrees south; this is oval A1.
At last year's American Geophysical Union conference, I got to sit in on the data unveiling from the spacecraft's first flyby. Highlights of the session included magnetometer readings suggesting Jupiter's dynamo generation is closer to the surface than previously thought, and I was also delighted to find out that Jupiter, just like Earth, has relative humidity. I also learned about proton whistlers, which are what comes up when lightning goes down—or more scientifically, electromagnetic waves in the upper atmosphere generated by lightning that travels along the planet's magnetic field lines.
Let's unpack this.
First, the magnetometer readings: Juno's magnetometer observes the planetary dynamo, the process responsible for a planet's magnetic field. In short, this is due to the motion of an electrically-conducting fluid, at high temperatures and pressures in the rotating core of a planet. Mars used to have a dynamo, Earth has one, and Jupiter's is the strongest in the solar system.
Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video.
Juno's first flyby measured the “greatest [magnetic] field strength any spacecraft has ever encountered,” greatly exceeding predictions, according to project scientist Alberto Adriani. The measurements suggest Jupiter's dynamo is closer to the surface than previously thought. Where the dynamo generation occurs is something scientists have been unable to predict using only models, so having conclusive data is an exciting prospect.
As for relative humidity on Jupiter, I did not get a chance to ask about a heat index on Jupiter. I will say that at the 1000-degree-Kelvin temperatures detected, sweating probably wouldn't be your biggest concern. However, humidity is a big concern for scientists, because the amount of water detected in Jupiter's atmosphere will tell us how much oxygen is there. This will tell us if we are right about theories on how Jupiter—and, by extension, the solar system—formed.
Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video.
The prevailing theory for gas giant formation, known as the core accretion model, says planets like Jupiter start out as small, rocky worlds that accumulate enough material to accrete a gaseous envelope. This suggests Jupiter's chemical composition should closely mirror the Sun's.
But it's not clear how the smallest particles stick together, other than the fact that our universe is full of fully-formed planets. Other theories have been proposed, like the disk instability theory, which suggests that gravitational forces bind settling nebula particles together like a collapsing balloon. However, this implies that Jupiter doesn't have a core, which scientists find unlikely.
In short, if we find that Jupiter is wetter than expected, we'll have cast doubt on aspects of the core accretion model. From Juno's first science pass, JIRAM, the probe's infrared mapper, couldn't comment on the profound implications of this, but did find low relative humidity inside one of the planet's hotspots. That was expected—the Galileo mission found the same thing—but the information can still be useful in that it gives scientists a lower limit to how dry Jupiter is.
Seeing the data is exciting, but there are big questions left to be answered. What is Jupiter's core made of? Are we right about solar system formation models? These are tough questions, and the answers will require lots more data, modeling, and interpretation, or in short, science.
NASA recently said peer-reviewed papers from Juno's first flybys are coming soon. So stay tuned—Juno has a lot more to reveal about Jupiter.
Additional reading:
Juno's Science—What do we hope to learn?
Measuring Jupiter's water abundance by Juno: the link between interior and formation models, Helled & Lunine (2014)
Earth Proton Whistlers
Anna Scott Ph.D. Student for Earth and Planetary Science Department, Johns Hopkins University
Read more articles by Anna Scott
HOUSTON — They sat tucked away in a Fort Bend county clerk's file for the past two decades: 25 words on a public document that could have spared thousands of homeowners from losing everything.
If only the homeowners had seen them.
In the finest of fine print, the county warned in 1997: "This subdivision is adjacent to the Barker Reservoir and is subject to extended controlled inundation under the management of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers."
In other words, during a major storm, the corps could choose to flood the subdivision in an effort to protect greater Houston.
Which is exactly what happened during Hurricane Harvey.
Now, as Houston begins a massive recovery effort projected to cost as much as $180 billion, it is increasingly clear that government officials at every level did little to warn residents in some of the hardest-hit areas that they were buying into risk — living in areas designed to flood.
You must sign in or register to continue reading content.
Sparks fly as Andrew Finkel slices through sheet metal with a plasma torch.
It is here, in his Everett workshop, that the creatures come to life: a kingdom of 12-gauge steel dogs, cats, squirrels, birds, whales and seahorses.
Under his command, the animal cutouts are transformed into modern art housewares, from wall hooks and bookends to pet feeders and funky ornaments.
“I like it to be fun and playful,” said Finkel, 38, a metal fabricator by trade. “Theoretically, it is art. Mostly, I just think it's cute.”
About six tons of steel annually are cut into shapes, powder-coated and sold through his online business, These Creatures. His parents handle the paperwork from Seattle and his sister does the marketing from Brooklyn, N.Y.
Back in Everett, Finkel works under the steady gaze of three rescue pit bulls and a scrappy mutt. His comrades. His inspirations.
He founded These Creatures in 2008 as a sideline to make money to support animal rescue organizations.
“I started making things for pets. It just sort of evolved into colorful cute things that would go nicely in a child's room or home area,” Finkel said.
“Originally, all the animals were a little silly. Everything had antlers. The French bulldogs were smoking.”
(Of course they smoke. They're French.)
The company logo is a miniature pinscher with wings. An ornamental squirrel holds a cherry bomb.
The wall hook could hold a dog's leash and its owner.
“I think we tested about 300 pounds before they started to bend,” Finkel said of the hooks, which sell for $28.
“They are far more durable than they need to be. That's part of their charm.”
The elevated pet dishes are ergonomically correct, so Fido can dine without back strain. Ditto for Kitty.
Items are glossed in vibrant colors with names such as limesicle, coral, parakeet and charcoal.
Finkel, a Seattle native, grew up fascinated by his grandfather's machinist tools. “I was always making stuff, whether it was flamethrowers and other dangerous weapons I shouldn't be building when I was 13,” he said.
He worked summers on the bottling line of the family brewery, Pike Brewing Co.
“I went to art school briefly,” he said. “Very briefly.”
He honed his skills in the nonart world.
“I did store build-outs and designed fixtures,” he said. “I was a general contractor. I owned a pet supply store.”
At heart, he's a man of steel.
These Creatures are an offshoot of his custom metal-working business, Mansfield Design, specializing in furniture, gates and store fixtures.
He does digital sketches in his studio's back office. From there, the images are sent to the computerized plasma cutter and other big noisy machines for brushing, grinding, drilling and bending. An Everett company does the powder-coating.
Affordable home prices brought Finkel and his wife, Stefaney, to the bungalow on a dead-end street in Everett about 10 years ago. A wooden gate hides the home/workshop compound from the road.
These Creatures products have been featured in national magazines and blogs, and are sold in shops across America as well as Europe, Japan and Russia.
But to find the creatures in Everett, you first have to find the fenced fortress with the pit bulls, flying sparks and the artist who doesn't want to be found.
Andrea Brown; 425-339-3443; abrown@heraldnet.com.
How we talk to our kids about religion is an evolving skill.
It used to be that parents just passed onto their kids what they themselves were taught as children. But as more and more Americans move away from religion — 7.5 million of us in the last two years alone — many are having a tough time broaching the topic with the little ones.
We don't want to indoctrinate our kids, but we don't want anyone else to indoctrinate them, either. Too often, parents handle the challenge by saying nothing at all. They simply ignore religion, treating it as something to talk about “later” when kids get “older.”
That's not necessary – or helpful.
Here's why:
1. Kids aren't idiots.
Little kids can handle a lot more than we think they can. At 5, for instance, my daughter was able to easily grasp the differences between fact, fiction and belief. She understood that “belief” was something some people believed to be “fact” and that others believed to be “fiction.” And she wasn't the least bit unusual in that. Sometimes parents underestimate their kids' intelligence as a subconscious excuse to get out of uncomfortable situations.
2. They can hear you.
Yep, that's right. In addition to having brains, children also have ears. You may not talk about religion directly to your young kids, but it doesn't mean they aren't hearing what you think. You make occasional comments. You watch TV shows and movies (or have books in your bookshelf) that reference religion in certain ways. You offer up your opinions in the company of friends. Make no mistake: You are sending messages about religion, whether you intend to or not.
3. Religious tolerance is a learned behavior.
Building understanding and compassion between groups of people who oppose each other's ideology isn't just some feel-good idea. It's essential to create a better, more peaceful, less divisive future. But if kids don't learn about religious diversity, we can't lay a foundation for religious tolerance. We wouldn't ignore the fact that people are different races or ethnicities. Or that people come from different socio-economic backgrounds? Or that people have different political perspectives? So why ignore religion? No matter what someone looks like, where they come from, how much money they have, who they vote for, or what god they worship (or don't), they are people. And people deserve compassion. The earlier we drill that into our children, the more time they have to live that message – and spread it around.
4. They're curious.
To a young child, there are few things more interesting to talk about than the existence or nonexistence of God. (God is like the superhero of superheroes, man!) But kids can't ask questions if they don't know what questions to ask, and you are the key master for that particular door. Astronomy is easy. All kids have to do is look up on the sky at night and they've got a million questions lined up to ask. But if religion isn't a topic of conversation in your home, kids don't have any reference point to start conversations. So help them out a bit. Give them some starting points, and watch the questions pour in.
5. What they learn could protect them.
Sad Fact of the Human Condition No. 4,213: Kids aren't always so nice to each other. It's possible that, at some point during elementary school, some dickheads will make your kid feel like a freak for being raised in a secular household. It's good for your kids to have a sense for how to handle these situations if and when they come up. What's more, and I've said this before, but in places where disbelief in God is treated as a bomb, religious literacy can make an effective bomb shelter. Shared knowledge between a religious child and non-religious child may read a lot like shared values – at least on the surface – and that can go a long way toward cooling tension.
6. The sooner, the easier
Trust me on this. I have a nine year old and I'm already beginning to notice a subtle shift in her interest in my wealth of fascinating knowledge. By 12, I'm pretty sure she won't care what I have to say about Purim or my thoughts on the Buddha. But at ages six, seven and eight, she was like a sponge — reading any picture book I brought home with enthusiasm. Introducing her to the Islamic traditions of Ramadan or the foods of Passover or the Christian nativity story was a piece of cake. Today, because of her own comfort level in talking about religion in our household, hearing her questions and observations about God, religion and faith made it clear: She is the one with the wealth of fascinating knowledge, not me.
