It will be harder for police, prosecutors and the government to seize private property in Ohio under a new bill signed into law.
A new bill signed into law restricts when law enforcement can seize private property.
The bill requires a criminal conviction before law enforcement can permanently confiscate personal property or cash in many cases.
Jesse Hathaway of the Heartland Institute says it strikes a good balance “between the government and police who wish to get high dollar criminals and their assets off the streets, but at the same time, they are balancing property owners' constitutional rights.”
This new civil asset forfeiture law had widespread bipartisan support. Under the law, police and prosecutors would be able to confiscate money only if a person alleged to have received more than $15,000 in crimes.
Image caption Four top military commanders resigned 10 days ago in protest at the jailing of senior officers
A Turkish court has ordered the arrests of seven generals and admirals accused of trying to undermine the government.
They have been under investigation for their alleged involvement in setting up anti-government websites in 2009.
Gen Nusret Tasdeler, head of the army's educational command, and Gen Ismail Pekin, the general staff's intelligence chief, are reportedly among them.
Dozens of other senior officers are in detention over a separate investigation into an alleged plot to provoke a coup.
Four top military commanders, including the Chief of the General Staff Gen Isik Kosaner, resigned 10 days ago in protest at the jailing of officers as part of the investigation into "Operation Sledgehammer".
The conspiracy is alleged to have been drawn up in 2003 at the Istanbul base of the First Army, shortly after the governing Justice and Development (AK) Party - which has Islamist roots - came to power.
It reportedly involved plans to bomb mosques and provoke tensions with Greece, causing political chaos and justifying a military takeover. Officers say it was only a contingency plan based on scenarios of unrest.
In the past, the army has regarded itself as the guardian of the secular Turkish state. It has overthrown or forced the resignation of four governments since 1960 - the last time in 1997.
In his farewell message, Gen Kosaner said he could no longer bear to stand by while comrades languished in jail, victims of "flawed" and "unjust" prosecution cases. Officials say the probes are strengthening democracy.
The officers whose arrests have been ordered are expected to hand themselves in to the authorities in the coming days.
Now that the Orioles have decided to back out of signing Grant Balfour to fill their closer role, the Orioles have some decisions to make. They could go out and sign closer Fernando Rodney, but he may command more money than Balfour was asking for, and he is coming off a year where he blew eight saves.
There have also been rumors of the Orioles attempting to deal for Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon, but he is coming off a down year as well, where he lost velocity on his fastball. The Orioles would have to give up a prospect to get him, so the cost may not be worth it.
So what are the Orioles options after Rodney and Papelbon? We now hear from MASN's Roch Kubatko, in his recent article discussing the subject, that the Orioles may fill their closer role from within. He discusses the possibility that the Orioles could just give the closer job to Tommy Hunter, who filled in when Jim Johnson was struggling in 2013. But, as Kubatko states, Hunter has never closed before, and can't get lefties out. Last season, Hunter dominated right handed hitters, limiting them to a .140-.190-.154 triple slash line, with a 39-8 strikeout to walk rate. But, versus lefties, Hunter was hit around to the tune of .294-.322-.535, with a 29-6 K/BB, while giving up 11 home runs.
To boot, according to Kubatko, Hunter has already talked to manager Buck Showalter, and he wants to be a starter.
So, where do the Orioles turn? How about pitching prospect Kevin Gausman? Here is Kubatko on that idea:
The Orioles are intrigued by the idea of having Kevin Gausman close, but they still view him as a starter and don't want to go through the process of stretching him out later after having him work in one-inning intervals.
So, the fact that the Orioles are intrigued tells you they have thought about it. The Orioles wouldn't be the first team to move a top pitching prospect into the closer's role. The Reds did it with Aroldis Chapman and he is now one of the most dominant closers in the game. The Rangers did the same with Neftali Feliz and he was successful before his Tommy John surgery. In fact. he is a candidate to close for Texas in 2014, along with Joakim Soria and Tanner Scheppers.
The real question is will the Orioles reduce their top, healthy, pitching prospect into the closer role, where his impact on the game is limited to around 60-70 innings, rather than 150 or more innings. Last season, Gausman three 129.2 innings, spread across AA, AAA and the big leagues, mainly in a starter's role. He could probably pitch around 160-180 innings before being shut down in 2014. The Orioles would have to weigh his innings limit, if any, vs using him as a closer.
As the table (courtesy of Baseball-Reference.com) below shows, Gausman struggled as a starter last season, and was much more hittable as a starter than a reliever. Small sample sizes apply here.
Split G PA AB R H 2B 3B HR BB SO SO/BB BA OBP SLG OPS as Starter 5 110 102 21 34 8 0 7 6 20 3.33 .333 .367 .618 .985 as Reliever 15 91 83 9 17 4 0 1 7 29 4.14 .205 .267 .289 .556 View Original Table
Generated 12/22/2013. Provided by Baseball-Reference.com Generated 12/22/2013.
I wrote a keeper league piece on Kevin Gausman recently, where I was pondering whether I should keep him at $10 for 2014 in my AL only keeper league. In that piece, I speculated that he could close for the Orioles, as he was pretty dominant out of the bullpen last season, after struggling in several starts.
Gausman was more dominant in the reliever role in 2013, limiting hitters to a .556 OPS and .290 SLG, with an excellent 4.14 K/BB. The table below, shows how much better he was as a reliever than a starter:
I Split W L ERA G IP H R ER HR BB SO WHIP/9 SO/BB as Starter 0 3 7.66 5 24.2 34 21 21 7 6 20 1.622 7.3 3.33 as Reliever 3 2 3.52 15 23.0 17 9 9 1 7 29 1.043 11.3 4.14 View Original Table
Generated 12/22/2013. Provided by Baseball-Reference.com Generated 12/22/2013.
His ERA, WHIP, K/9 and K/BB were all much better in the relief role than the starters role.
I cannot blame the Orioles for pondering the idea of moving Gausman into the closer role, but I would be surprised if they do. You don't put a pitcher with his upside and ceiling into a role where his impact on the game is limited to the late innings.
WIth that said, my AL only keeper league team would be very happy if they did.
Should the Orioles move Gausman into the closer role in 2014? Let's hear your opinion in the comments section and the poll below.
Hurricane Harvey roared to shore on August 25 as a Category 4 storm, with 130-mph winds by the time it hit Rockport, Texas. Heavy rainfall has caused catastrophic flooding in Houston and along the Texas Gulf Coast, displacing thousands and causing dozens of deaths.
The gallery above features photography of the ongoing disaster and will be updated as the situation develops.
More than 2.3 million people live in rain-soaked Houston, and hundreds of thousands have been without power. (Learn the science behind what makes Harvey so deadly.)
Harvey is the strongest storm to hit a U.S. coast since Hurricane Wilma in 2005, and it has destroyed many buildings along the coast. Harvey was downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane by early Saturday morning before being designated a tropical storm, but the most catastrophic effects of the storm are unfolding over several days. Flooding is among the worst in U.S. history.
As much as two feet of water has fallen in some neighborhoods, and dams have spilled over their capacity, adding to the floods. A disaster declaration requested by Texas Govenor Greg Abbott was granted by President Trump, who visited the region. The proclamation allows federal funds to be used for local disaster relief.
This event is unprecedented & all impacts are unknown & beyond anything experienced. Follow orders from officials to ensure safety. #Harvey pic.twitter.com/IjpWLey1h8 — NWS (@NWS) August 27, 2017
Houston was once largely a swamp and relies on a decades-old system of canals to drain flooded streets. Those by creeks and bayous have faced high flash flood risks. An investigation last year by the Houston Chronicle found that many of these waterways were built before the city's population exploded and when rainfall estimates were lower. The estimated $26 billion it would take to update these channels doesn't seem likely to happen soon.
How the storm will affect the region's major oil and gas hub remains to be seen, although refineries have already been closed. Gas prices have already surged, but of particular concern are potential long-term impacts to the refineries that flank the Houston Shipping Channel, one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world.
Following Hurricane Ike in 2008, ProPublica and the Texas Tribune investigated how a major hurricane could affect this portion of the city, finding serious potential for environmental damage from oil and chemical leaks and major economic implications to disruptions to the industries.
Houston's Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzales is continuing to field requests for help on Twitter, and officials are reportedly urging Houston residents trapped by floods not to take shelter in their attics, but to move to their roofs to make them easier to spot and rescue. Tornado warnings were issued for some surrounding counties, thanks to the disturbance in the atmosphere.
Contributed by Mark Carson of Individual Design
If you've ever seen a watch with a slide rule bezel and haven't known how to use it, we have a little guide for you. As many of you know, watches with slide rule functions have 2 logarithmic scales (the outer of which turns). In contrast, a tachymeter scale is hyperbolic and typically has numbers that run in from infinity down to sixty. Both slide rule and tachymeter watches use non-linear scales. Let's look a bit at a generic scale.
NOTE – the images shown are a bit rough as they are not photographs of an actual circular slide rule. This scale might not look like all slide rule bezels, but there are analog indicators on most slide rule bezels so that the same functions can be used.
The following examples show some common uses of a circular slide rule:
Calculating a 15% tip (I know, I'm cheap) – just the tip amount in this case:
The goal: Calculate 15% of $20.00.
Set the outer ring's “1.5” (for 15%) over the inner ring index (“1”).
Find “2” (for $20.00) on the inner ring.
The outer ring shows “3” which is $3.00.
So a 15% tip for a $20 tab is $3.00
Calculating the total bill with a 15% tip (I'm still cheap):
The goal: Calculate the total bill with a 15% tip on top of $20.00.
Set the outer ring's “1.15” (115% = 15% plus the base of 100%) over the inner ring index (“1”).
Find “2” (for $20.00) on the inner ring.
The outer ring shows “2.3” which is $23.00.
So a 15% tip plus the $20.00 tab is $23.00 all together.
Miles or MPH to Kilometers or KPH conversions:
The goal: Calculate a distance or speed in Kilometers where the distance or speed is known in Miles.
A Kilometer is roughly 0.621 of a mile.
Set the outer ring's “6.21” over the inner ring index (“1”).
Find “2” (for 200) on the outer ring.
The inner ring shows “3.22” which is 322 kilometers.
Kilometers or KPH to Miles or MPH conversions:
The goal: Calculate a distance or speed in Miles where the distance or speed is known in Kilometers.
A Kilometer is still roughly 0.621 of a mile.
Set the outer ring's “6.21” over the inner ring index (“1”). No change from the previous example.
In this case, we will technically be doing division rather than multiplication (dividing 200 by 0.621). Subtracting log values is division whereas adding log values is multiplication.
Find “2” (for 200) on the inner ring.
The outer ring shows “1.24” which is 124 miles.
Fahrenheit to Celsius temperature conversion:
The goal: Calculate the Celsius temperature where the Fahrenheit value is known.
Celsius has 100 degrees between boiling (100) and freezing (0) while Fahrenheit has 180 degrees between boiling (212) and freezing (32). So 100/180 = 5/9. This is the fractional value (ratio) of a Fahrenheit to a Celsius degree. Each degree “F” is 5/9 of a degree “C”. The actual temperature “F” also needs 32 added to it as freezing is 32 F.
This one is a bit advanced as it starts with 5 over 9 on the slide rule instead of the usual staring with the index (“1”) beneath a factor.
Set the outer ring's “5” to be over the inner ring's “9”.
Subtract 32 from the Fahrenheit temperature (not using the slide rule).
Find this subtraction value on the inner ring.
The outer ring show the temperature in Celsius.
For example: Convert 70 F to Celsius: 70 – 32 = 38 (not using the slide rule). Set the outer ring's “5” to be over the inner ring's “9”. Find 3.8 (for 38) on the inner ring. The outer ring shows 2.11 which means 21.1 degrees C.
I hope these help you to use slide rule watches more effectively (like the Breitling Navitimer recently reviewed here).
Author Mark Carson's note: I grew up in the ancient days before electronic calculators. My father, being an engineer, used slide rules and taught me how to use one when I was about 12. I preferred circular slide rules. While their inner scales lack precision, an advantage of a circular slide run is that you never have to move the center slide back to the other end when you exceed the scale on one end. And that makes them good for visualizing that a logarithmic scale conceptually have no beginning or end, it just keeps rolling around from 1.0 to, well, 1.0 at the next order of magnitude. Sometimes people ask, how will I know if the answer is 1.1 or 11 or 111, etc. As my father used to drill into me, you have to “know” the answer already (roughly) in your head. A slide rule only gives you precision. That is, you know for a $20 restaurant tab plus a 15% tip, the total won't be either 23 cents or $230. So, it must be logically be $23.
[phpbay keywords=”slide rule bezel” num=”6" siteid=”1" category=”14324" sortorder=”EndTimeSoonest” templatename=”columns” columns=”2" paging=”true”]
As political unrest continues to threaten the peace in Ukraine, thousands of animals at one of the country's zoos are at the brink of starvation, an international conservation group announced this week.
The Lawrence Anthony Earth Organization, a nonprofit headquartered in South Africa, told The Huffington Post there has been a severe scarcity of food and medical supplies for the estimated 5,700 animals at the 104-year-old Nikolaev Zoo, located in southern Ukraine, since government funding for the zoo dried up a few weeks ago.
"The fact is, they were just two days away from totally running out of food for the carnivores when we found out about this and began providing meat," the organization's international president, Barbara Wiseman, told HuffPost via email. "The rest of the animals were just two weeks away from running out of food."
Starvation is also a looming threat for some of Ukraine's other zoo animals. The Earth Organization said this week that animals living in the private zoo on former President Viktor Yanukovych's lavish estate are also in similarly dire straits.
"While the private zoo quarters were found to be posh in the extreme, the animals will soon perish with no proper food supplies," the nonprofit said in a news release.
Discovery News also reported last month that Kharkiv Zoo in eastern Urkaine is facing similar hardships.
Ostriches on Yanukovych's estate
The Earth Organization has been raising funds and awareness about the plight of Ukraine's zoo animals since March. Wiseman says that about $40,000 has been raised throughout the last two weeks for the animals at Nikolaev Zoo and the Yanukovych estate. Volunteers have also been going door to door to collect supplies and food for the animals, she said.
But though the organization has been grateful for the response so far, Wiseman says the funds are just a fraction of what is needed to save the animals.
"We currently have enough money [to sustain the animals] for about 10 more days," Wiseman said, adding that her organization estimates that at least $500,000 is needed to cover the animals' most basic needs for the next four months.
That money would give the organization "breathing room to be able to work with the zoos' staff and create and implement new income streams for them," she said, adding: "Our purpose is not to just raise funds for zoos in crisis, but to help them get through this current crisis and then help them put in place self-sustaining systems."
This isn't the first time the Earth Organization, founded by famed conservationist Lawrence Anthony, has been involved in the rescuing of zoo animals from countries in crisis. In 2003, Anthony made headlines when he entered war-torn Iraq to save the animals at Baghdad Zoo. Sadly, by the time he got there, most of the animals had died. Still, he reportedly enlisted soldiers to help protect the remaining animals and did everything in his power to keep them alive.
"For those of you familiar with what Dr. Anthony had to deal with in Baghdad, you know how quickly things can get very bad," Wiseman said in the news release. "In just 9 days, before he arrived, that zoo went from 600 animals down to 35. Most died from starvation and dehydration."
So far, Wiseman says, none of the animals in the Nikolaev Zoo or the Yanukovych estate has met this sad fate; but she says there's no guarantee it'll stay that way.
In her widely celebrated 1978 book Illness as Metaphor Susan Sontag wrote that when medical experts attribute psychological causality to biological disease, they “assign to the luckless ill the ultimate responsibility both for falling ill and for getting well.” The latest salvo in the ongoing debate over the extent to which psychological factors can explain physiological outcomes comes from a study published today, which finds optimistic women are less likely to die of a variety of illnesses—from cancer to heart failure to infectious disease.
Researchers from Harvard University's T. H. Chan School of Public Health turned to a 40-year survey-based study begun in 1976 of American female nurses, most of whom were white, called the “Nurses' Health Study.” They extracted data on the women's personalities from the 2004 and 2008 surveys and compared it with mortality rates for the same women between 2006 and 2012. Altogether, they collected information from more than 70,000 individuals. To assess optimism, the study asked participants to rate on a five-point scale the extent to which they agreed with six statements such as, “in uncertain times, I usually expect the best.”
“When comparing the top 25 percent most optimistic [women] to the bottom 25 percent, they had about a 30 percent reduced risk of mortality,” says study leader Eric Kim of Harvard. Those relationships remained, albeit less robustly, even after the researchers adjusted the predictions to account for sociodemographic factors and health-related behaviors. Kim is quick to point out that this does not necessarily mean optimism leads to healthier lifestyles, only that there is a statistical association. Still, he and his colleagues argue that because personality traits are somewhat malleable, optimism-based interventions could be a fairly simple, low-cost way to improve public health.
Such interventions might include “structured classroom-style instruction” and “brief paper-and-pencil exercises in which people are asked to write about the best possible version of themselves,” the researchers report in the American Journal of Epidemiology.
The idea that with a few hours of effort we might be able to stave off a range of existential threats—including cancer, heart disease, stroke, respiratory disease and infection—may sound enticing. Intrinsic to the argument seems to be a promise: If you're more optimistic, you will keep death from knocking at your door, at least for a little while. But not all experts agree.
The problem with suggesting positive thinking can ward off death, some experts say, is that it makes chronic disease patients feel guilt or shame—that they are somehow responsible for their illness. Furthermore, if optimism is associated with better health, it may have more to do with the fact people who are not optimistic may in fact suffer from clinical depression, which is widely linked to poorer health.
Kim argues, however, that optimism is “something above and beyond the absence of depression,” and the results hold up even after statistically controlling for the potentially confounding role of the disorder. Optimism and the lack of depression may at first seem like two sides of the same coin, but depression is a wide-ranging syndrome that affects physiology as well as psychology. Just as you cannot simply think yourself out of a stroke, you also cannot think yourself out of major depressive disorder.
Kim agrees there is danger in overreliance on psychological rhetoric when it comes to understanding the origins of disease or illness. “We definitely don't want to victim-blame anyone,” he says, but “we can, as a society, construct environments where people have an equal opportunity for becoming more optimistic.” He thinks of optimism interventions as “one of the tools in a broad toolkit” that ought to be available to people to enhance their health and well-being.
The findings align with previous studies, which have found links between optimism and heart health. For example, a 2015 review of 30 studies found positive outlooks were associated with both reduced mortality and reduced rate of rehospitalization in patients who had cardiovascular diseases. On the other hand, a 2013 study found those who are overoptimistic have a greater risk of death or disability, and that a little pessimism could motivate people to behave more carefully. The truth may lie somewhere in between: which outlook is the most helpful may depend on individual circumstances.
Ultimately, dispositional optimism is embedded within our personalities, which are, by definition, supposed to be stable across time and among different circumstances. And although personalities may change slowly over time, the notion that a paper-and-pencil intervention can result in changes to the fundamental organization of our core psychological traits is debatable, even if they may indeed reliably result in short-term attitudinal shifts.
Emanuel Maidenberg, a professor of clinical psychiatry at the University of California, Los Angeles, agrees, comparing the premise of optimism interventions to better-established tools for promoting health and wellness such as physical exercise and eating well.
These are lifestyle changes, he says, and the purported benefits of such interventions would certainly not be achievable after just a few hours in a classroom. “These are tools that have to be considered as ongoing maintenance for a particular state of being.” In other words, there are no shortcuts to a longer life.
A year ago, when I was playing with Geomag models of sphere clusters, I stumbled upon this curious object, a helix assembled from tetrahedra linked face to face:
I certainly wasn't the first to discover it. A. H. Boerdijk described the structure in 1952; notable later contributions and commentaries came from J. D. Bernal and H. S. M. Coxeter. (See references below.) Buckminster Fuller also had something to say on the subject, and he suggested a name: the tetrahelix.
As far as I can tell, the tetrahelix was not known to the ancients, although there is nothing about its geometry they could not have understood. Perhaps they overlooked it because Aristotle believed that regular tetrahedra could be packed together to fill all of three-dimensional space—a feat that would make this mere linear packing rather unimpressive by comparison. But Ari was wrong about tetrahedral tesselation; it can't be done. The closest you can come is a packing of alternating tetrahedra and octahedra, as in the Geomag-like roof truss in the photograph below.
Roof truss in the atrium of the Washington Wardman Hotel, photographed during the 2009 Joint Mathematics Meetings.
It turns out there's a direct connection between the roof-truss structure and the tetrahelix. One way to construct a tetrahelix is to start with a line of alternating tetrahedra and half-octahedra (the latter having exposed square faces). Then you squeeze and twist each square face until it becomes a rhombus that can be spanned by a new strut (red in the lower panel below), creating two new triangular faces. Presto! The tetrahelix appears.
Remarkably enough, after all this twisting and smushing, the helix still extends along a straight line. All the vertices of all the tetrahedra lie on the surface of a right circular cylinder. The center line of that cylinder does not pass through the centers of the individual tetrahedra, but it does act as an axis of symmetry for the helix as a whole.
The symmetry in question is a screwy one: a translation combined with a rotation. Suppose you have an infinitely long tetrahelix assembled from tetrahedra of side length 1. Then if you slide the entire structure along its axis by a distance of \(1/\sqrt{10}\) (\(\approx 0.316\)), and also rotate it around the same axis through an angle of \(\arccos -2/3\) (\(\approx 131.8\) degrees), the new state is indistinguishable from the starting configuration. Note that the rotation angle is irrational. As a consequence, the helix is aperiodic. When you look along the bore of the helix, you will never see two vertices lined up one behind the other.
The tetrahelix is a chiral structure: It comes in left-handed and right-handed variants, as shown in the photograph below.
Playing with these two Geomag models, I began to wonder whether they could be joined end-to-end—or in other words whether a tetrahelix can change its handedness in midstream. The answer, as shown below, is yes. A helix peacefully curling to the left can abruptly shift to a right-handed way of life—but the price of becoming ambidextrous is a big kink in the chain.
You can even create a tetrahelix that changes direction every third tetrahedron (the smallest possible interval). The result (below) is no longer a helix at all but a weird sort of bridge with an arched spine and two zigzag rails. If you extend the arc further, will the two ends meet to form a closed loop? I don't have enough Geomags to answer that question.
Down through the ages, quite a lot of mystificatory cruft has attached itself to the Platonic solids. Plato himself argued that the universe is built of regular polyhedra, which he identified with the classical elements. (The tetrahedron was fire, because of the sharp points.) Then there was Kepler's Mysterium Cosmographicum, where he tried to explain the orbital diameters of the planets in terms of nested polyhedral shells.
Mouseover to animate. Failing that, click to open in a new tab or window.
Bucky Fuller contributed his own share of overwrought polyhedrolatry. In Synergetics he describes the transformation of an octahedron into a chain of three tetrahedra, as in the animation at right. His account of the geometry is straighforward, explicit and accurate. But he doesn't stop with geometry. He attributes to this rearrangement of edges and vertices a much larger significance:
Symmetric matter has been entropically transformed into asymmetrical and directionally focused radiation: one quantum of energy has seemingly disappeared. When the radiation impinges interferingly with any other energy event in Universe, precession recurs and the three-quantum electromagnetic wave retransforms syntropically into the four-quantum octahedron of energy-as-matter. And vice versa. Q.E.D.
A few paragraphs later, Fuller introduces the tetrahelix with another inscrutable rhapsody on geometry and physics:
With this fourth, invisible tetrahedral addition the overall triple-bonded tetrahedral array becomes either rightwardly or leftwardly spiraled to produce a four-tetrahedron tetrahelix, which is a potential, event embryo, electromagnetic-circuitry gap closer. Transmission may thereafter be activated as a connected chain of the inherently four-membered, individual-link continuity. This may explain the dilemma of the wave vs the particle.
I think I understand the temptation to see deep meaning or even magic in the way the most symmetrical solids arrange themselves in space. The building blocks are simple, the patterns they form wonderfully intricate and precise. It looks as if there's something very special about all the dimensions and angles in these structures, so that the slightest change would ruin everything—would tear the very fabric of the universe.
Well, maybe. But in the case of the tetrahelix I'd like to argue that this object—however handsome and intriguing it might be—is not a freak of nature or a miracle. Its existence does not depend on some exquisitely refined and fragile property of the tetrahedron. In support of this notion I offer the exhibit below.
Let's call this structure a pentahelix. If you focus on the three strands of red links, they appear to follow the same paths as those in a left-handed tetrahelix. Thus you might guess that what we have here is just a tetrahelix “decorated” with some extra bumps along the perimeter. But that's not what you're looking at; there are no tetrahedra at all in this construction. Instead, the component parts are pentagonal dipyramids. This polyhedron looks at first glance as if it might consist of five regular tetrahedra arranged around a central axis—and in Aristotle's world it might indeed be built that way. In our universe, however, the lengths and angles aren't quite right. To fill 360 degrees with five equal wedges takes 72 degrees per wedge; the angle between faces in a regular tetrahedron falls short by about a degree and a half. Thus the pentagonal dipyramid is a structure fundamentally different from anything built of tetrahedra. The vertex coordinates are full of \(\sqrt{5}\), whereas the tetrahedron is all about \(\sqrt{3}\). Yet, in spite of these differences, the pentagonal shapes can be knitted together to make a fine-looking helix—slightly less symmetrical than the true tetrahelix, but a recognizable member of the same family.
The three-stranded helix of the collagen protein. Drawing courtesy David S. Goodsell and the RCSB Protein Data Bank.
The fact is, helices seem to be very robust and easy to produce. They're everywhere in nature. For example, the collagen protein (illustration at right), is a three-stranded helix much like both the tetrahelix and the pentahelix. Collagen genes have accumulated thousands of mutations while still producing a functional molecule; thus an immense number of different amino acid sequences (and slightly different geometries) all give rise to very similar triple helices.
Funny world we live in. If you want to design an object that will tile all of three-dimensional space, the requirements are stringent. But helices aren't so finicky. When you stack symmetrical objects along one axis, it seems hard not to make a helix.
Update 2013-11-25: I am late to the party with this note, but for the benefit of those who have not been reading the comments, let me point out that the question I raised about the “arched bridge”—Can it be extended to form a closed ring?—was asked and answered long ago, but that fact hasn't stopped ingenious folks from having fun with it recently.
As explained in a comment below by Stan Wagon, the question was posed in 1957 by Hugo Steinhaus in the problem section of the Polish journal Colloquium Mathematicum. (A notation there suggests the matter may have been discussed a year earlier in The New Scottish Book.) A proof that no such closed ring of tetrahedra can exist was published two years later by Stanisław Świerczkowski, also in Colloquium Mathematicum.
Not to be deterred by a mere proof, Michael Elgersma and Wagon have produced a lovely tetrahedral torus, printed in genuine 3D by Shapeways:
For the secret behind this magic trick, see the not-yet-published paper Closing a Platonic Gap by Elgersma and Wagon. Comments below by Nicholas Mecholsky and Robert Mathieson include links to other constructions.
Read more about it:
Bernal, J. D. 1964. The structure of liquids. (The Bakerian Lecture, 1962.) Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Series A, Mathematical and Physical Sciences 280(1382):299-322.
Boerdijk, A. H. 1952. Some remarks concerning close-packing of equal spheres. Philips Research Reports 7(4):303-313.
Coxeter, H. S. M. 1985. The simplicial helix and the equation tan n theta = n tan theta. Canadian Mathematical Bulletin 28 (4):385–393. PDF
Gray, R. W. Undated web page; consulted 2013-10-19. Tetrahelix data. http://www.rwgrayprojects.com/rbfnotes/helix/helix01.html
Lagarias, Jeffrey C., and Chuanming Zong. 2012. Mysteries in packing regular tetrahedra. Notices of the American Mathematical Society 59(11):1540-1549. PDF
Lord, E. A., and S. Ranganathan. 2004. The γ-brass structure and the Boerdijk–Coxeter helix. Journal of Noncrystalline Solids 334 and 335:121-125.
Sadler, Garrett, Fang Fang, Julio Kovacs, and Klee Irwin. 2013 (preprint). Periodic modification of the Boerdijk-Coxeter helix (tetrahelix). arXiv 1302.1174.
Steinhaus, H. 1957. Problem 175. Colloquium Mathematicum 4:243.
Świerczkowski, S. 1959. On chains of regular tetrahedra. Colloquium Mathematicum 6:9–10.
Zheng, Chong, Roald Hoffmann, and David R. Nelson. 1990. A helical face-sharing tetrahedron chain with irrational twist, stella quadrangula, and related matters. Journal of the American Chemical Society 112:3784-3791.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Duncan Ferguson has recalled how he played through the pain barrier to help Everton win the 1995 FA Cup.
The Blues hero was still suffering from the after-effects of a double hernia operation when he declared himself fit to face Manchester United at Wembley - 20 years ago today.
Big Dunc, now a first team coach for the Toffees, admits he was far from match-fit but was desperate to do his bit on a day he “will always cherish.”
Recalling when Joe Royle's Blue Army overcame Alex Ferguson's Red Devils, who had only finished runner-up in the league by a point, Ferguson insisted it was always going to be Everton's day.
“They were fantastic times,” he said. “On a personal level I was battling through injury again. I'd had a double hernia operation and missed the semi final because of it.
“I'd come back for the last game of the season against Coventry and it was only two weeks after the operation. I was a mess. I just wasn't fit.
“But I was pushing to try and make the squad and I remember getting a fitness test on the pitch and saying to the physio; “I'm fine”.
“That was me trying to be available for the final and I managed to get myself on the bench.
“Another manager might not have put me there, but because it was Man United I think that swayed Joe. I'd scored against them when we beat them in the February so that was maybe in his mind.”
Everton had swept to Wembley by a rousing 4-1 victory over Spurs in the semi-final at Elland Road, a game which a frustrated Ferguson had to watch from the stands.
“It was a great performance,” he said. “One of the best I've seen us put in. I was at the game watching from the stands.
“We went into the final under-dogs but I liked that.”
With the Blues already ahead after Paul Rideout's 30th minute header, Ferguson replaced the goal-scorer on 51 minutes.
“Paul scored his goal and came off feeling a niggled and they put me on just to try and get the second goal but I just wasn't fit enough really,” he said.
“I had a chance late on in the game and should have scored really, but because I wasn't quite right I slashed it wide of the post.
“I only played a small part. But it was a memory I'll always cherish.”
Ferguson reckons Everton were simply fated to be etched onto the trophy as winners that sunny afternoon.
“Big Nev had been fantastic for us in goal,” he said. “He saved everything.
“I just think it was going to be our day.
“I remember Matt Jackson going down that right side and cutting it back for Graham (Stuart). He always says he found the only bobble on the pitch and I wouldn't disagree with him because normally you'd back him to finish it straight away.
“But it came off the bar and Paul (Rideout) was in the right place. I think our name was just on it that year. I firmly believe that. We had a lot of quality as well but fate plays a part and it was tremendous for everyone involved.”
Big Dunc on the fans
Perhaps not surprisingly for a man who loves Evertonians almost as much as they love him, Ferguson's favourite memory of the day was the supporters.
“I still remember walking out and just seeing blue everywhere; turning around and seeing all the supporters,” he said. “Even going on the bus to the game was amazing. The atmosphere was superb.
“Then we had the open top bus tour in the city the next day. To come down Queens Drive by the megastore, which was still being built, and see the fans hanging off it was unbelievable.
“They were sitting on the scaffolding. Then all the multi-stories when you're going down Everton Valley and on Scotland Road , they were everywhere. How they climbed up there God Knows but it was incredible. What a sight to see all that blue.
“Hopefully we can have that again one day. The whole city was Everton that day.
“It's unfortunate it was so long ago. It's just so hard to win trophies,
“It doesn't seem real that it was 20 years ago.”
Teetotal now as he continues his impressive climb up the coaching ladder, back then Ferguson allowed himself to celebrate in style.
“Afterwards we went in the players lounge and got the champagne out,” he said. “It was back onto the bus then and into the Royal Lancaster hotel in London.
“We partied then and it was a special night. A lot of great speeches, great food and some great dancing. I had a big kilt on and didn't need much encouragement to lift it up.
“It was a special day.”
German twin engine WWII ground attack aircraft
The Henschel Hs 129 was a World War II ground-attack aircraft fielded by the German Luftwaffe. The aircraft saw combat in Tunisia and on the Eastern Front.
A key requirement of the original specification was that the aircraft be powered by engines that were not in demand for other designs. This limited it to low-power engines, with most models using a 700 horsepower (520 kW) French engine. In spite of being very small and relatively light, the design was generally underpowered. Attempts to fit more powerful engines, both German and Italian, were thwarted for a variety of reasons.
The design was relatively effective when it was first introduced, and saw service on the Eastern Front in a variety of front-line roles. As the war continued and anti-tank support became the main goal, the aircraft was continually up-gunned, eventually mounting a 75 mm gun in the anti-tank role that left the plane barely flyable. Only a small number of these B-3 models were produced, late in the war.
Design and development [ edit ]
By the mid-1930s, the German military, as well as its counterparts in other countries, had come to see the main role of ground-attack aircraft as the interdiction of logistics and material, a task in which targets were often poorly protected and less likely to be protected by strong, well-coordinated defences. For high-value, well-protected tactical targets, dive bombers had become the conventional solution. However, the experience of the German Kondor Legion during the Spanish Civil War (1936–39) refuted this idea. Even though it was equipped with types unsuited to the role, such as the Henschel Hs 123 and cannon-armed versions of the Heinkel He 112, the Kondor Legion proved that ground-attack aircraft were a very effective weapon. This led to support within the Luftwaffe for the creation of an aircraft dedicated to this role, and the Reichsluftministerium (RLM; "Reich Air Ministry") requested tenders for a specialized ground attack aircraft.
It was anticipated that the main source of damage to such an aircraft would be small arms fire from the ground, meaning that the plane had to be well-armored around its cockpit and engines. Similar protection was also needed in the canopy, in the form of 75 mm (2.95 in) thick armored glass. The aircraft was expected to be attacking in low-level, head-on strafing runs, so the cockpit had to be located as close as possible to the nose, in order to maximize the visibility of its targets. Another, non-operational, requirement severely hampered the designs: the RLM insisted that the new design be powered by engines that were not being used in existing aircraft, so that the type would not interfere with production of established types deemed essential to the war effort.
Only four companies were asked to submit tenders; three submissions followed and only two of these were considered worthy of consideration: One derived from an existing Focke-Wulf reconnaissance type, the Fw 189, the other was Henschel's all-new Hs 129.
Prototypes [ edit ]
The Hs 129 was designed around a single large "bathtub" of steel sheeting that made up the entire nose area of the plane, completely enclosing the pilot up to head level. Even the canopy was steel, with only tiny windows on the side to see out of and two angled blocks of glass for the windscreen. In order to improve the armor's ability to deflect bullets, the fuselage sides were angled in forming a triangular shape, resulting in almost no room to move at shoulder level. There was so little room in the cockpit that the instrument panel ended up under the nose below the windscreen where it was almost invisible; some of the engine instruments were moved outside onto the engine nacelles' inboard-facing surfaces, as on some models of Messerschmitt's Bf 110 heavy fighter, and the gunsight was mounted outside on the nose.
Henschel's plane came in 12% overweight with the engines 8% underpowered, and understandably, it flew poorly. The controls proved to be almost inoperable as speed increased, and in testing, the V2 prototype flew into the ground from a short dive on 5 January 1940[1] because the stick forces were too high for the pilot to pull out. The Focke-Wulf design proved to be no better. Both planes were underpowered with their air-cooled, inverted-V12 Argus As 410 engines, and very difficult to fly.
The RLM nevertheless felt they should continue with the basic concept. The only real deciding factor between the two designs was that the Henschel was smaller and cheaper. The Focke-Wulf was put on low priority as a backup, and testing continued with the Hs 129 A-0. A series of improvements resulted in the Hs 129 A-1 series, armed with two 20 mm MG 151/20 cannons and two 7.92 mm (.312 in) MG 17 machine guns, along with the ability to carry four 50 kg (110 lb) bombs under the fuselage centreline.
Hs 129 B-1 [ edit ]
Even before the A-1s were delivered, the plane was redesigned with Gnome-Rhône 14M radial engines, which were captured in some number when France fell and continued to be produced under German occupation. This engine supplied 522 kW (700 hp) for takeoff, compared to the Argus at 347 kW (465 hp). The Gnome-Rhone radials were also made in versions with opposite rotation for the propeller, and were installed on the Hs 129 with the port engine rotating clockwise and the starboard rotating counterclockwise, as seen from nose-on, thus eliminating engine torque problems. The A-1 planes were converted into Hs 129 B-0s for testing (although it has been claimed that some As were sold to Romania) and the pilots were reportedly much happier. Their main complaint was the view from the canopy, so a single larger windscreen and a new canopy with much better vision were added, resulting in the production model Hs 129 B-1.
B-1s started rolling off the lines in December 1941, but they were delivered at a trickle. In preparation for the new plane, I./SchlG 1 had been formed up in January with Bf 109 E/Bs (fighter-bomber version of Bf 109 E) and Hs 123s, and they delivered B-0s and every B-1 that was completed. Still, it was not until April that 12 B-1s were delivered and the 4th staffel (squadron) became ready for action. They moved to the Eastern Front (to the Crimea) in the middle of May 1942, and in June they received a new weapon, the 30 mm (1.2 in) MK 101 cannon with armor-piercing ammunition in a centerline pod.
Hs 129 B-2 [ edit ]
Deliveries of the new Hs 129 B-2 model began in May 1942, side by side with the B-1 (of which just 50 planes had been delivered at that point). The only difference between the two were changes to the fuel system – a host of other minor changes could be found almost at random on either model. These changes accumulated in the B-2 production line until they could eventually be told apart at a glance; the main differences being the removal of the mast for the radio antenna, the addition of a direction-finding radio antenna loop, and shorter exhaust stacks on the engines.
In the field, the differences seemed to be more pronounced. The Rüstsatz field refit kits were renumbered and some were dropped, and in general, the B-2 planes received the upgraded cannon pack using a 30 mm MK 103 cannon instead of the earlier MK 101. These guns both fired the same ammunition, but the 103 did so at almost twice the rate.
By late 1942 reports were coming in about the ineffectiveness of the MK 101 against newer versions of the Soviet T-34 tanks. One obvious solution would be to use the larger 3.7 cm (1.46 in) BK 3,7 (Bordkanone 3,7), recently adapted from the ground-based Flak 18. These guns had already been converted into underwing pod-mounted weapons for the Junkers Ju 87G and found to be an effective weapon, despite the fact that only 12 shells per pod could be accommodated. When mounted on the Hs 129, the empty area behind the cockpit could be used for ammunition storage, which would address the only problem with the Ju 87's mounting: the limited ammunition supply. The B-2/R3 package introduced the BK 3,7 3.7 cm (1.46 in) automatic cannon, but relatively few aircraft were converted in favour of the B-3, mounting the BK 7,5.
Hs 129 B-3 [ edit ]
Bordkanone BK 7,5 75 mm cannon. A closeup of theBK 7,5 75 mm cannon.
It was decided that the 7.5 cm (2.95 in) semi-automatic Rheinmetall PaK 40 anti-tank gun, which had already been adapted for use in the Junkers Ju 88P-1, would be further modified for use in the Hs 129. This resulted in the BK 7,5 (Bordkanone 7,5), which, even though it weighed 1,200 kg (2,600 lb), was lighter than the PaK 40. Fully automatic, it featured a new, hydraulic recoil-dampening system and a new, more aerodynamic muzzle brake. An autoloader system, with 12 rounds in a rotary magazine, was fitted in the empty space behind the cockpit, within the rear half of the wing root area. The gun and its recoil mechanism occupied a substantial gun pod under the fuselage, and a circular port at the rear of the pod allowed rearwards ejection of spent cartridges immediately after firing. While this new variant, the Hs 129 B-3, was theoretically capable of destroying any tank in the world, the added weight worsened the aircraft's general performance and it was inferior to previous variants.[2]
The Bordkanone 7,5 was the heaviest and most powerful forward-firing weapon fitted to a production military aircraft during World War II. The only other aircraft to be factory-equipped with similar-calibre guns were the 1,420 examples of the North American B-25G and B-25H Mitchell, which mounted either a 75 mm (2.95 in) M4 cannon, or lightweight T13E1 or M5 versions of the same gun.
From June 1944, only 25 examples of the Hs 129 B-3 arrived at frontline units before the production line was shut down in September (a small number were reportedly also created by converting B-2 aircraft). In the field the B-3 proved effective, but its small numbers had little effect on the war effort.
Hs 129 C [ edit ]
In order to address the poor performance of the aircraft, plans had been under way for some time to fit the plane with newer versions of the Italian Isotta-Fraschini Delta air-cooled inverted V12 inline engine that delivered 630 kW (850 hp) and weighed some 510 kg (1,111 lb) apiece, providing more power than Germany's own Argus As 411 engine of similar configuration and lighter (385 kg) weight. The engine installation ran into a number of delays however, and was still not ready for production when the plant was overrun by the Allies in 1945.
Hs 129 D [ edit ]
Planned version of the Hs 129. Powered by either two 1085 hp Junkers Jumo 211 or two 1539 hp BMW 801 to improve its performance. No prototypes were made.
Operators [ edit ]
Specifications (Hs 129B-2) [ edit ]
Data from Henschel Hs 129...der geflügelte Büchsenöffner[3]
General characteristics
Crew: 1
1 Length: 9.75 m (32 ft 0 in)
9.75 m (32 ft 0 in) Wingspan: 14.2 m (46 ft 7 in)
14.2 m (46 ft 7 in) Height: 3.25 m (10 ft 8 in)
3.25 m (10 ft 8 in) Wing area: 29 m 2 (310 sq ft)
29 m (310 sq ft) Empty weight: 4,020 kg (8,863 lb)
4,020 kg (8,863 lb) Max takeoff weight: 5,250 kg (11,574 lb)
5,250 kg (11,574 lb) Powerplant: 1 × Gnome-Rhône 14M-4 14-cylinder air-cooled radial engine, LH rotation, fitted to starboard, 522 kW (700 hp) for take-off
1 × Gnome-Rhône 14M-4 14-cylinder air-cooled radial engine, LH rotation, fitted to starboard, 522 kW (700 hp) for take-off Powerplant: 1 × Gnome-Rhône 14M-5 14-cylinder air-cooled radial engine, RH rotation, fitted to port, 522 kW (700 hp) for take-off
1 × Gnome-Rhône 14M-5 14-cylinder air-cooled radial engine, RH rotation, fitted to port, 522 kW (700 hp) for take-off Propellers: 3-bladed constant speed propeller
Performance
Maximum speed: 407 km/h (253 mph; 220 kn) at 3,830 m (12,570 ft)
407 km/h (253 mph; 220 kn) at 3,830 m (12,570 ft) Cruise speed: 315 km/h (196 mph; 170 kn) at 3,000 m (9,800 ft)
315 km/h (196 mph; 170 kn) at 3,000 m (9,800 ft) Range: 690 km (429 mi; 373 nmi)
690 km (429 mi; 373 nmi) Service ceiling: 9,000 m (30,000 ft)
9,000 m (30,000 ft) Rate of climb: 8.1 m/s (1,590 ft/min)
Armament
Guns: * 2 x 7.92 mm (0.31 in) MG 17 machine guns, later models from 1943 to 1944 replaced the MG 17s with 2 x 13 mm (.51 in) MG 131 machine guns
* 2 x 7.92 mm (0.31 in) MG 17 machine guns, later models from 1943 to 1944 replaced the MG 17s with 2 x 13 mm (.51 in) MG 131 machine guns 2 x 20 mm MG 151/20 cannon
or
(Hs 129B-2/R2) with a 30 mm (1.181 in) MK 101 cannon in a conformally mounted gun pod.
or
(Hs 129B-2/Wa) with a 30 mm (1.181 in) MK 103 cannon in a ventral pod.
or
(Hs 129B-2/Wa) with a 37 mm (1.457 in) Bordkanone BK 3.7 cannon in a ventral pod.
or
See also [ edit ]
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration and era
Related lists
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Why Flutter? and not framework X? or better yet why i'm Going Flutter all in.
Franz Silva Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 21, 2017
As in the title. This is a question that most developers will make when introduced to a new shiny framework. Currently there are many frameworks that exist Xamarin, Fuse, React Native, Nativescript, Flutter, and so on… All these frameworks were built to solve the same common problem, to be able to build apps cross-platform with one codebase and have a native look, feel, and performance to the App.
To Decide on which framework to use. Or which one is the best. That my friend will send you down a looooong rabbit hole. Believe me. I've been down the entire stack and still there is always something new and shiny to use. The last 2 years i've been falling and falling and falling testing one framework after another. Now I actually feel that i've finally landed in Flutterland.
You might be thinking what is so special about Flutter that framework X can't do?, I've narrowed it down to one word. The same word Eric Seidel used in last DartConf. “Control”.
More and more apps nowadays require having a custom feel, custom everything. Currently if you wanted the Material design InputText on iOS, well, you would need to build it specifically using the platforms native SDK and expose it to the X Framework. And on android you would need to implement a special compat library to get it to work on older phones.
With Flutter you would only need to build it once and already would work on Android and iOS. You get complete control of what you do with your App.
Flutter removed all the platform specific UI bureaucracy and created its own layer on top of the native platform. So you don't need to depend on anything to be able to accomplish some really complicated UI. Also being made by google engineers, you get a complete Material Design framework for Free. And it is the most complete Material Design implementation i've seen on a mobile Framework.
Flutter uses the Dart Language that was created by google also, to be honest i'm not a fan of strongly typed languages like C# or JAVA, but i don't know why Darts way of writing code seems different. And i feel very comfortable writing it. Maybe because It's very simple to learn, and very straightforward.
The tooling is another factor that makes Flutter shine. When you apply changes to the code you can see your results in sub-second cycles.
This is similar to other Platform X, but others don't get it as fast as this. One thing you can observe from the image above is that when changing the text of the ui, you are not losing the state of the application, so you can iterate faster on the UI.
In this blog post i wont be going down to specifics of the framework, there is plenty of information on https://flutter.io/ to get started.
So to resume i'm not settling on Flutter because its the new kid on the block or because it was made by google. Im settling on Flutter because the productivity of the tooling and the speed of development is far greater than any other i've seen. And because i have control over the entire app and can build whatever i want with it without any compromises. And my app will be future proof.
Ive made two apps with material design, both took me less that 4 hours each to build it, you can download the source and test it out. They are rough on the edges and lack some functionality but it will give you an idea of an app built with flutter and how easy it can be.
Google Inbox Clone
https://github.com/franzsilva/FlutterInboxClone
Google Messages App Clone
https://github.com/franzsilva/FlutterMessagesClone
Thanks for Reading.
More posts on flutter coming soon…
As we inch closer to summer, you're more likely to run into poison ivy, bug bites, and the other itchy ailments that come with being outside. Redditor xume points out that banana peels are a great homemade remedy for itchy skin.
If you get bitten by a mosquito or stumble into a bit of poison ivy/oak/sumac/whatever, rubbing a banana peel on the affected area can moisturize and neutralize some of the itching. Note that it will just alleviate some of the itching—it won't solve the root problem, like the oils that poison plants leave on your skin. It'll do great as a first step, but if you really want to knock out that rash, you should head to the store and grab some poison ivy soap (and save your banana peels for shoe shining and splinter removal instead).
Advertisement
Got any other great home remedies for itchiness? Let us know about them in the comments.
LPT: If You Get Poison Oak or Ivy Use the Inside of a Banana Peel | Reddit
Photo by David Goehring.
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee once said at a campaign stop during his 2008 run for president that the Palestinian people did not exist. Huckabee, who is currently running for president and has been a vocal critical of President Obama's policies on Israel said speaking of the Palestinian people was really "a political tool to try and force land away from Israel."
"Basically, there really is no such thing as — I need to be careful about saying this, because people will really get upset — there's really no such thing as a Palestinian," Huckabee said at the 2008 campaign stop while speaking to two Orthodox men. "There's not."
Huckabee was responding to a question from one of the men about if a Palestinian state said should exist outside Israel. Huckabee affirmed he believes it should.
Huckabee made similar comments earlier this year when argued a two-state solution is "irrational and unworkable" and that "here's plenty of land in the world" outside Israel for a Palestinian state.
"You have Arabs and Persians," Huckabee continued at the 2008 appearance. "And there's such complexity in that. But there's really no such thing. That's been a political tool to try and force land away from Israel."
Huckabee added he thought a Palestinian state could be made out of land in Egypt, Syria, or Jordan.
"My point is, if that's the issue, if its real estate, if you look at a map, and say here is how much Israel has and here is how much the Arab states hold, there is plenty of land. Let them take it out of Egypt. Let's take it out of Syria. Let 'em take it out of Jordan."
Terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 reaching the highest levels ever recorded, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace's annual Global Terrorism Index published on November 16th.
This sharp escalation in violence killed 32,658 people in 2014, compared to 18,111 in 2013, according to the Index.
The rise in terrorism can largely be attributed to two groups: ISIS; and Boko Haram, the Nigerian jihadist group that pledged allegiance to ISIS in March of 2015. Combined, these groups were responsible for 51% of all terrorism-related deaths in 2014.
Terrorism also has a disproportionate impact on a small number of countries. According to the index, five countries — Afghanistan, Iraq, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Syria — accounted for 78% of all terrorism-linked deaths.
This map from the Index shows the impact of terrorism on countries around the world:
Institute for Economics and Peace Boko Haram was the single deadliest terrorist organization in 2014, according to the Index. The group was responsible for 7,512 deaths in Nigeria, an increase of 300% from 2013. Overall, Iraq had the highest number of terrorism-related deaths, with 9,929 people killed in the course of the year.
The Global Terrorism Index also noted that beyond the number of people killed, the general scope of terrorism also increased. Eleven countries suffered over 500 terrorism fatalities in 2014. In 2013, only five countries were affected by that volume of terrorism.
Despite the rise in terrorism globally, CNN notes that the Europe and the US have remained relatively free of terrorist incidents. If the September 11th attacks are excluded, only 0.5% of terrorism fatalities since 2000 have occurred in the West.
Selith Profile Joined September 2010 United States 238 Posts Last Edited: 2011-12-10 21:54:17 #1 ThisIsGame
A lot of changes are coming to GSL tour in general in 2012.
First, as you may already know, main GSL Code S RO 32 - RO 16 will no longer end with BO 1 dual tournament, but instead, BO 3 dual tournament. Due to the increased number of games played, only one group will play per day. The result is that GSL season will last 8 weeks total.
Code S group nomination procedure also changed; In 2012, the group nomination will take place right before the start of RO 16. RO 32 will have 8 seeders placed in the groups, then rest of the players will be selected by RNG. After the end of RO 32, there will be group nomination procedure before RO 16 starts.
Tournament procedure RO 8 and above remains the same; RO 8 and semi-finals have BO 5, and finals BO 7. The up and downs match will remain the same, and Code A / code upgrade matches will remain the same.
With increase in the length of each season, 2012 will see total of 5 GSL seasons.
Second (and probably very disappointing news for many of the readers), World Championship and Super Tournament will no longer take place in 2012.
Third, there's a small change to GSL prize money. Code S prize money has not changed. But Code Prize money has increased by roughly 2 times the previous amount. As a result of this, Code A prize money will now differ based on the player prowess. In this case, if players in Code S falls down to Code A, they will receive Code S prize money only, and will not receive additional money from Code A. For example, a Code S player who got eliminated at Code S RO 32, then managed to go far in Code A, he or she will only receive 1,500,000 won total.
Code A prize money will be as follows:
RO 48: 400,000 won
RO 32: 600,000 won
RO 24: 800,000 won
RO 12: 1,000,000 won
2012 GSL Season 1 -- the start of 2012 GSL tour -- will start in January 9th.
Fourth, GSTL has changed to double-elimination, 3 round system in 2012. The reason behind double elimination is to remedy the problem relating to the best players from each team being unable to play due to the full league method. It also has been modified to allow more teams / foreign teams to participate, instead of the existing teams only.
Quick description of how this works: Assuming there are 10 teams active, the two seeded teams will go straight to the second round. Those that didn't get seeded will participate in the first round, and winning two teams will move to the second round. The losing teams will go through loser's bracket and the winner of that will move onto the second round. For the first 2012 GSTL season, the 2011 GSTL Season 1 winner MvP and the runner-up Prime will receive the seeds.
The second round will have two groups, and will proceed as a dual tournament. Four teams (the seeded team, two 1st round winners, and 1 winning team from loser's bracket) will duke it out, and the group's 1st and 2nd place winners will move onto the semi-finals.
The semi-finals will proceed as a cross tournament -- Group A 1st place will battle Group B 2nd place, and Group B 1st place will battle Group A 2nd place.
Two winning teams from that will move onto the finals.
GSTL will take place in Friday / Saturday every week, and first 2012 GSTL will start in January 27th.
Also, GSTL prize money has increased:
Winner: 30,000,000 won
Runner-up: 15,000,000 won
Semi-finalists: 4,000,000 won
RO 8: 2,000,000 won
RO 10: 1,000,000 won
Edit: Some clarification with the prize money.
Translated by yours truly. Source:A lot of changes are coming to GSL tour in general in 2012., as you may already know, main GSL Code S RO 32 - RO 16 will no longer end with BO 1 dual tournament, but instead, BO 3 dual tournament. Due to the increased number of games played, only one group will play per day. The result is that GSL season will last 8 weeks total.Code S group nomination procedure also changed; In 2012, the group nomination will take place right before the start of RO 16. RO 32 will have 8 seeders placed in the groups, then rest of the players will be selected by RNG. After the end of RO 32, there will be group nomination procedure before RO 16 starts.Tournament procedure RO 8 and above remains the same; RO 8 and semi-finals have BO 5, and finals BO 7. The up and downs match will remain the same, and Code A / code upgrade matches will remain the same.With increase in the length of each season, 2012 will see total of 5 GSL seasons.(and probably very disappointing news for many of the readers), World Championship and Super Tournament will no longer take place in 2012., there's a small change to GSL prize money. Code S prize money has not changed. But Code Prize money has increased by roughly 2 times the previous amount. As a result of this, Code A prize money will now differ based on the player prowess. In this case, if players in Code S falls down to Code A, they will receive Code S prize money only, and will not receive additional money from Code A. For example, a Code S player who got eliminated at Code S RO 32, then managed to go far in Code A, he or she will only receive 1,500,000 won total.Code A prize money will be as follows:RO 48: 400,000 wonRO 32: 600,000 wonRO 24: 800,000 wonRO 12: 1,000,000 won2012 GSL Season 1 -- the start of 2012 GSL tour -- will start in January 9th., GSTL has changed to double-elimination, 3 round system in 2012. The reason behind double elimination is to remedy the problem relating to the best players from each team being unable to play due to the full league method. It also has been modified to allow more teams / foreign teams to participate, instead of the existing teams only.Quick description of how this works: Assuming there are 10 teams active, the two seeded teams will go straight to the second round. Those that didn't get seeded will participate in the first round, and winning two teams will move to the second round. The losing teams will go through loser's bracket and the winner of that will move onto the second round. For the first 2012 GSTL season, the 2011 GSTL Season 1 winner MvP and the runner-up Prime will receive the seeds.The second round will have two groups, and will proceed as a dual tournament. Four teams (the seeded team, two 1st round winners, and 1 winning team from loser's bracket) will duke it out, and the group's 1st and 2nd place winners will move onto the semi-finals.The semi-finals will proceed as a cross tournament -- Group A 1st place will battle Group B 2nd place, and Group B 1st place will battle Group A 2nd place.Two winning teams from that will move onto the finals.GSTL will take place in Friday / Saturday every week, and first 2012 GSTL will start in January 27th.Also, GSTL prize money has increased:Winner: 30,000,000 wonRunner-up: 15,000,000 wonSemi-finalists: 4,000,000 wonRO 8: 2,000,000 wonRO 10: 1,000,000 wonEdit: Some clarification with the prize money.Translated by yours truly.
President Trump attended a private fundraiser at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Saturday evening, without informing the press corps that follows him and reports on his movements.
Trump made an unexpected stop at a fundraiser for Boston's Dana-Farber Cancer Institute held at his resort in Palm Beach, Fla., the Washington Post reported.
The event was not on his schedule.
A video posted on Instagram shows Trump arriving at the private fundraiser, where he was met with cheers. More than 800 people attended the event, deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters Sunday.
When Ivanka's dad, I mean the president of the United States, crashes the party. #aboutlastnight A post shared by Jenn (@lifeofjennsmith) on Feb 19, 2017 at 5:47am PST
Trump has visited Mar-a-Lago for three straight weekends. Last weekend, Trump and Japanese Prime Minster Shinzo Abe scrambled to respond to a North Korean missile test while guests in the public dining room looked on.
Memberships for Trump's resort have doubled to $200,000 a year since Trump won the election.
ADVERTISEMENT
Students at Harvard Medical School demanded the Saturday fundraiser be held elsewhere last month. The students' demands came right after Trump issued a controversial executive order on immigration and refugees, which the students argued threatened practicing doctors.
The cancer institute ended up holding the event since “contracts have been signed, and a large number of people have committed to attend,” the institute said in a statement.
Name: LimitlessEdge Cosplay – Lee, Jie, Lyn, and Ker
Location: AMERICA!!!
Tumblr: www.limitlessedge.tumblr.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/limitlessedgecosplay
Photographer(s):
Lee: Minotaur Photography, Sojian, thebooradlus & Mike Cabusi
Jie: Alton Sun, Minotaur Photography, Yao Sae Lee Photography & Mamuro5254 (Romero Chan)
Lyn: Cosportraits, Kelly Dun, Sojian & Ker (LimitlessEdge Cosplay)
Ker: Sojian, BlizzardTerrak Photography, Rachel Chatham & Bart
What was your first Cosplay experience?
Lee: The first costume I made was Haku's kimono from Naruto. It was for Halloween (which I celebrated that year with Lyn and Jie, actually!), and I had no idea what costume crafting was. All the work that made the clothing wearable was done by my mother and my aunt. All I remember doing is some messy “appliqueing.” I'm having flashbacks of stray threads and unfinished hems now. I have no idea where the costume's disappeared to now!
My first official cosplay experience was at Fanime 2006, when I cosplayed as L from Death Note. It was entirely store bought, and the first time I did it I used my own hair, so not much effort was put into the costume at all, but I think that was the first time I really got into the “roleplay” aspect of “cosplay.” I had a great time and actually received a lot of good feedback about acting in character! I think that's honestly when I really fell in love.
Jie: The first cosplay I debuted was Misa Amane from Death Note! Since I was new to the cosplay scene, I gathered most of the costume parts (belts, boots, buckles, bracelets) from thrift shops. It will forever be one of my favorite cosplaying experiences!
I ran around with Lee and our other friends, checked out all of the merchandising booths as well as the artist alley booths, attended the masquerade and watched the skits, and listened to a variety of speakers at the panels! We had our photographer friend take photos of our Death Note group and we learned to pose in front of strangers who asked for our photos!
Lyn: Oh jeez… my first cosplay I ever made was Light from Death Note (six-foot-tall scythe and everything!) for a photoshoot, but the first one I ever wore to a convention was Colette from Tales of Symphonia. I still remember playing Frisbee with my chakrams at the convention! (NOTE: Kids, don't throw your cosplay props around. That's dangerous.)
Ker: The first cosplay I brought to a convention was a version of Princess Zelda from Super Smash Brothers Brawl that I had made for Halloween because it looked like a fun challenge. I had heard that you could cosplay at conventions, but had never been to one myself so I took a risk and went in costume–the only problem was I forgot my gloves!
The instant I got out of the car everyone was asking for photos, and I was so embarrassed I hid my hands behind my back. Everyone was excited about the costume however and were so very friendly and kind, that even though it was embarrassing at first, I got to see what a fun and supportive cosplayers are, and am proud to say I am a part of that community still today.
How long have you been Cosplaying?
Lee: If I count 2006 as my first year cosplaying, that would make it about nine years now. Goodness. I've been cosplaying on and off though, so I wouldn't call it nine straight years of cosplay.
Jie: I have been cosplaying for 9 years! I first started cosplaying in 2006, a year after attending my first convention.
Lyn: I started cosplaying in 2007, but I'd been sewing and making costumes for school theater and Halloween since 2002.
Ker: I started cosplaying at conventions in 2008, but had been making my own costumes of my favorite anime and movie characters since 2002.
Who or what inspired you to take up Cosplaying?
Jie: The first con I have ever attended was FanimeCon in San Jose in 2005. I was very inspired by the amount of cosplayers versus the number of non-cosplay con goers. Walking around at a large convention and admiring all of the craftsmanship of the costumes was what prompted me to start cosplaying along with them!
Lyn: I was always really into dressing up as a little kid, especially for Halloween. Cosplay was just sort of a natural progression for me—like, you mean I can play dress-up as my favorite characters all the time? Where do I sign up?!
Ker: For me it was wanting to be a character. I had always dressed up as favorites, but one year my father helped me make a staff that lit up for a Gandalf costume, and my mother showed me how to sew, and from then on out anything I wanted to be was possible.
Lee: Seeing my friends cosplay definitely inspired me to try it out. I really think the aspect of expressing fondness of a character or a series via costuming and roleplaying was what initially spoke to me and made me curious about starting cosplay. Jie was the first person I made a costume with (we cosplayed alternate outfits of Haku that Halloween I mentioned earlier), and once we started doing paired and couple cosplays together at conventions, and eventually group cosplays with the other members of Limitless Edge, I just couldn't stop!
If you had to pick a favorite Cosplay you have worn, or have seen someone else wear, what would it be?
Jie: My favorite cosplay I have made and worn would probably be Serah Farron from Final Fantasy XIII!
Lyn: I can't possibly pick just one!! I have favorite parts and things I'm proud of in each costume I've made… but more than anything else, I get excited about the cosplays I have planned for the future. Wait, that was a really cheesy answer! I'm sorry!!
Ker: I like cosplays that people are instantly excited to see because that character is beloved, yet not often cosplayed. My favorites are Suki from Avatar, and Wasp from Earth's Mightiest Heroes, so many great fans to meet, from adults talking about how much that character means to them, to young kids who are so amazed that their favorite character is there and sometimes think you are the real thing! It is nice to feel as loved as a princess at Disneyland, and wonderful to know you have just made someone's day!
Lee: Gosh, it's really hard to choose… I'm with Ker on this one, though. My favorite costumes have been the ones that gave me the most opportunities to interact with fellow fans and really see people as excited about the character as I am. I really enjoyed the process of making and wearing my Disney Ping/Mulan cosplay, and it made me even happier to see how happy it made everyone else!
If you had unlimited funds and resources, what Cosplay would you create?
Jie: I would create a cosplay based on the illustrations of the Japanese artist Sakizo. Her Victorian style dresses always consist of layers and layers of ruffles and lace. It would be a dream come true buying the perfect beads and appliques for her insane dresses!
Lyn: All of them! I'd make massive groups for me and the rest of LE, and our extended cosplay friend circle. My favorite part about cosplaying is getting to dress up with my friends at conventions, so the bigger the group, the better! I'm also trying to bully Ker into being a million different versions of Zelda and Sheik with me, so, that too. Fierce Deity Sheik, anyone?
Ker: More armor and weapons! They're possible now, but I would love the time, money, and resources to get everything as accurate to the source material as possible. I love to look like the real thing!
Lee: Reyson from the Fire Emblem series has been on my dream cosplay list for a looong time, but if I had unlimited funds and resources and time… the sky's the limit! I really like the idea of cosplaying something with ridiculous body proportions and/or ridiculous props. I've always wanted to do an anatomically accurate/realistic Redead cosplay from the Zelda series, just because if I think it would be pretty fun zombie-ing around. Or Armor from X-Men with her psionic exoskeleton thing?!? Or perhaps something like an accurate Cortana? With unlimited resources I'm sure I could figure out how to make myself into a hologram, and wouldn't that be exciting?
What advice would you offer to those who are aspiring Cosplayers?
Lee: Find like-minded friends! I wouldn't have come nearly as far as I did today without the rest of my group. Their enthusiasm and passion and support have really kept me going in cosplay throughout these years when I thought about stopping so many times. I can't believe it's been nearly a decade at this point. Make cosplay friends and hold them close.
Jie: Use the internet to your advantage. A lot of cosplayers learned to sew on their own by watching Youtube videos or by reading step-by-step tutorials. There are a ton of makeup, sewing, and prop making tutorials out there to help you along. Don't be shy to ask for advice either!
Lyn: Cosplay is about having fun! I've let myself get really stressed out about deadlines, or not being able to get details right, or just not having the skills necessary to really pull off the vision in my head. Don't be me! What matters is that you have fun making the costume and you have fun wearing the costume. Take care of yourself first, push your deadlines back if you need to, remind yourself that nobody is ever 100% perfect all the time, and get some sleep. Remember, you're doing this for fun!
Ker: If you love an idea and you are excited, just start it. You will find a way to solve whatever problem you might face.Trust me you will, and you will be better for it. It is so easy to fall into the trap of talking about how much you want to do something or how in the future you will do something, and that might get you pumped, but use that energy to just begin doing it. Beginning is the hardest part, and the feeling you get when you finish, and then the feeling of seeing others appreciate and get excited about your costume when you show it off in public is amazing! Do what you set out to do, there is nothing more satisfying!
To learn more about LimitlessEdge Cosplay, check out their Tumblr page: www.limitlessedge.tumblr.com and also their Facebook page: www.facebook.com/limitlessedgecosplay
If you or someone you know would like to have a gallery featured on Geeks World Wide, please email Casey at gwwcapescrew@gmail.com!
MSNBC host Brian Williams questioned whether President Trump's repeated use of the word “sovereignty” during his speech Tuesday at the United Nations was a “dog whistle” to his base.
On his show Tuesday night, Mr. Williams criticized Mr. Trump's America-centric speech to world leaders as “plan-free,” “solution-free” and “the antithesis of a Marshall Plan.”
He also suggested that the president's use of the word “sovereignty” may have had a hidden meaning.
“Back to the use of this word sovereign and sovereignty. Did you hear a buzz word or dog whistle in his repeated use of that word?” Mr. Williams asked McClatchy reporter Anita Kumar.
Ms. Kumar responded, “We were sort of expecting this theme, but it was just way more — it was just over the top. You know, it caused me to go back through and count how many times he used that word sovereign or sovereignty 21 times. It was definitely the word.”
“So what does that mean?” Mr. Williams asked.
“It just means what he was talking about from the beginning, which is ‘America first,' ‘we're going to go it alone,'” Ms. Kumar said.
Merriam-Webster dictionary announced Monday that it had included “dog whistle” in its list of new words for 2017, defining it in political terms as “an expression or statement that has a secondary meaning intended to be understood only by a particular group of people.” The term is typically used in politics when referring to racism.
Ms. Kumar argued that Mr. Trump's repeated use of the word “sovereignty” appeared to undermine “international bodies” such as the U.N.
In his first speech to the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Trump vowed to put “America first” and to promote the country's “founding principle of sovereignty” abroad.
“As president of the United States, I will always put America first, just like you, as the leaders of your countries will always, and should always, put your countries first,” he told world leaders.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
This month we had the opportunity to record an hour long minute interview with Shirley Sahrmann whose commitment to our profession is truly inspirational. Shirley's career spans over 50 years from the polio era to the current day, during which time she has focused on encouraging the profession to adopt the Movement System as our professional identity.
In this interview Shirley talks about her work and how she came to focus on movement as an important part of managing patients. Shirley discuss how physical therapists and physiotherapists need to realise that they are the Movement System experts, how we should use diagnostic categories to inform treatment and strengthen our profession, and how we should become lifespan practitioners. We didn't talk about her book but Shirley is also the author of the book ‘Movement System Impairment Syndromes of the Extremities, Cervical and Thoracic Spines'.
So sit back and prepare to be encouraged to adopt the movement system as your professional identity…
More information
Auburn University has begun making preliminary plans to open an engineering campus in China, with a goal of developing a full-fledged branch campus that would serve undergraduate and graduate students.
The university, in Alabama, hopes to build a campus in Danyang, a city northwest of Shanghai. Larry D. Benefield, dean of Auburn's engineering school, said Danyang was in a technologically advanced area that could benefit from having a research base centralized on a university campus.
Mr. Benefield said he had talked with Auburn's president, Jay Gogue, for years about an international campus. During those discussions, one engineering faculty member with ties to China suggested Danyang. Now, after several conversations with Chinese government officials, Auburn administrators said they were ready to move forward.
Because of Danyang's proximity to Shanghai, Auburn has selected Shanghai University as a potential partner. The extent of the would-be partnership is not yet clear—Mr. Benefield and others in the engineering school plan to work out the details in Shanghai this month—but it could mean that students would be able to pick either an Auburn University degree track or a Shanghai University degree track.
If the two-track option were offered, courses at the Danyang campus would be taught in both English and Chinese, depending on the track, and faculty members would come from both universities. Offering a degree based on Auburn's curriculum would allow Auburn students to study abroad at the Danyang campus without impeding their progress toward a degree.
Any proposed deal to build the Danyang campus or form a partnership with Shanghai University would need to be approved by Auburn's Board of Trustees.
Because Auburn, a public institution, cannot use taxpayer money for an international campus, the university will rely on donors. Auburn has not started soliciting gifts yet, but Mr. Benefield said he was confident that it could raise $2-million or $3-million, if necessary.
"We have discussed this with a number of our donors, who feel, as we do, that it's extremely beneficial for our students to have this international exposure," Mr. Benefield said.
He said Auburn officials hope the engineering campus is only a first step.
"Our idea is to begin as an engineering campus and expand as we mature to offer other degrees," Mr. Benefield said. "We've got to start small and kind of feel our way through."
WA police officer shoots tyre as driver 'tries to run down' partner near Collie
Updated
An officer has opened fire as a teenager allegedly tried to run down his partner during a traffic stop in Western Australia's south yesterday.
About 6:30pm on Tuesday, police pulled over a vehicle on the Coalfields Highway to the west of the town of Collie, about 200 kilometres south of Perth.
As an officer got out to speak to the driver, the man allegedly reversed and tried to run the policeman down.
The police officer jumped onto the bonnet of the car, but was thrown off as it reversed again, crashing into the police car parked behind it.
As the car started to drive towards the fallen officer again, his partner took a desperate shot at the car's tyre.
The tyre was damaged but the car still drivable.
Police pursued the vehicle, which stopped a short distance away and the driver was arrested.
The police officer, a first class constable, was treated at Collie Hospital for injuries to his back.
Police have charged a 17-year-old Collie boy with acts likely to endanger the life, health or safety of any person and driving-related offences.
WA Police would not say why officers pulled the car over.
The road was closed for some time, but has since been reopened.
Topics: police, crime, road, collie-6225
First posted
Getty Images
Cowboys running back DeMarco Murray was out of commission because of an illness on Christmas, but he was back to work on Boxing Day.
Murray participated in practice on Friday and drew a probable tag on the injury report, leaving him in line to play against Washington in the regular season finale. The Cowboys have locked up the NFC East title and will likely wind up as the third seed, but they can grab a first-round bye with the right combination of results.
Owner Jerry Jones said Friday on 105.3 The Fan that the possibility was enough for the Cowboys to go all out with Murray and everyone else healthy enough to play.
“It would be a catastrophe if we walked up there and, for whatever the reason, of our own volition, of our own decision making, pulled back a little bit and then had a chance to get that first-round bye,” Jones said, via the team's website.
Assuming Jason Garrett sticks to the plan laid out by the guy signing the checks, Murray should end Sunday as the Cowboys' new leader in single-season rushing yards. He's 29 yards behind Emmitt Smith, who ran for 1,773 yards in 1995.
Right tackle Doug Free is doubtful to play with the ankle injury that kept him out last week. Jermey Parnell will likely start again.
We've all seen it at the cliffs, and I'm a major offender myself—climbing on old ratty ropes. Yeah, ropes are expensive and that's the main reason people push their ropes to the limit—trying to squeeze every last ounce of use out of them until they become a dog leash or door mat. I'm not going to lie—I get sweet deals on cords, but still, I don't like to be wasteful and usually end up climbing on my ropes a little too long.
Ropes can develop a sentimental value to some people—maybe it's the cord you sent the "proj" with, or had a great trip up a Valley wall with—so you just don't want to retire it. I had such a case—a special 9.4mm. I kept climbing and climbing and climbing on it. It was beat. It started out as a 70 m, then after endless days of constant whippers, it became a 65 m, then 60 m, then 55 m. I just didn't want to see it go.
So one weekend I was taking REPEATED MONSTER whippers off the VERY LAST move of one of the many nemesis routes of mine. I had to skip the last clip because I'm too weak to clip it—and go for a huge chuck to the finishing bucket. I would sail onto the end of my trusty 9.4 mm time and time again. The last 10 ft or so of the cord were absolutely throttled—at the end of that weekend, it was time to say goodbye.
Of course, I brought it into the lab and figured I'd do some testing.
Testing
I decided just to test the ultimate tensile strength of the rope in different areas, and compare it to a brand-new rope of the same model and make. We didn't do anything fancy—just a figure 8 on each end, and pulled to failure in the tensile tester. We were just doing this quick and dirty for comparison's and curiosity's sake.
When tested like this, breakage at the knot is almost always the failure mode—and remember—figure eight knots can reduce the strength of a rope somewhere in the neighborhood of 25-30%.
Results
The first test we did was a piece from one of the totally worn-out ends. It broke at around 6 kN—and NOT at the knot.
Yowsa, I had just been whipping all over the place on that cord—and it broke at 6 kN, and NOT at the knot—scary stuff. Though the sporto falls I was taking were super soft (my wife was belaying and is light, and I am fat)—chances are the tension seen in the rope wasn't anywhere near 6 kN, but if I had gotten slammed hard, low to the ground, etc??? It's definitely possible to see these kinds of loads in the field.
We decided to do more tests on my cord—on the ends, and in the middle, as well as on a brand new 9.4 mm for comparison purposes. In all subsequent tests, the sample broke at the knot as expected, but we still saw some frighteningly low values.
New 9.4 mm KP's 9.4 mm middle KP's 9.4 mm end 15.6 kN 9 kN 6 kN* 13.8 kN 9.8 kN 8 kN 7.7 kN
*broke in the middle of the test sample
We tracked down another beat 9.4 mm from one of the QA guys—and put it through the ringer as well:
New 9.4 mm Used 9.4 mm middle Used 9.4 mm end 12.9 kN 11.9 kN 8 kN 13.6 kN 11.9 kN 9.8 kN 11.6 kN 8.6 kN
Still curious and given the results we'd seen—the boys in the lab and I decided to do the same with some other tattered ropes that were around. We did similar tests with more Beal ropes as well as Sterling, Edelweiss, Mammut, etc. We found very similar results:
The worn out, frayed, end pieces of any rope we tested were consistently significantly weaker than the middle sections of the same cord.
We DID manage to find other samples that broke in the middle (as opposed to at the knot) â€“ and at relatively low loads—less than 7kN.
The end pieces, and middle pieces were consistently weaker than a section of a brand-new cord.
Bottom Line
Ropes, like all climbing gear, don't last forever—the ends of your rope take a beating—be wary of super frayed, worn, puffed out, beat up tattered cords. Yes, ropes aren't cheap, but they're also your lifeline—literally—so take care of them.
When the ends of your cord get all beat and tattered from dogging up routes, cut the ends off, or a buy a new rope. I always cut equal lengths off BOTH ends so the middle mark is always in the middle. Be sure to mark the new length on BOTH ends so you and your partners know what you're dealing with. And while you're at it—tie a knot in one end—too often you hear of someone being lowered off the end of their rope—definitely not cool.
For me the most important thingâ€¦ to train harder and get stronger, so I won't be whipping in the first place.
Be careful out there,
KP
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town defender Nathan Smith has opened up about his decision to turn to veganism.
Smith, Yeovil's record appearance holder in their EFL history, turned vegan three years ago and credits the change as a key factor in improving his lifestyle.
The 30-year-old, who last month signed a new one-year contract with the Glovers , has spent part of his off-season volunteering at Our Cottage, a health food shop in London which specialises in vegan produce.
In an interview with YouTube channel Vegan Hustle TV , he explained how he gradually removed all animal products from his diet.
Smith said: “One day I just said, ‘do you know what, just let me try something different'.
“Before you know it, I went on the pescatarian vibe for a bit, and then one of my friends, Sam Morsy, who is at Wigan at the moment, I told him about it, I said listen, after a few days I felt light.
“I couldn't explain it. So then he went on it. Then a few months later he said he was 14 days into trying out the vegan stuff, so I'm like tell me this, tell me that.
“So he's told me all the stuff he was having, and I tried it out.”
(Image: Tom Sandberg/Pinnacle)
Smith's time in London is not the first time that he has spent his summer holidays in a way that you would not necessarily expect from a professional footballer.
Last summer, the two-time Jamaica international visited India, where he spent ten days meditating at a silent retreat in India.
Although keen to embrace the idea of going vegan, Smith admitted that the change did present some dilemmas when his footballing duties forced him to stay away from home.
“When I'm going to the hotels for the weekends, it's the same standard white rice, broccoli that's cooked out, carrots that's cooked out, bits of chicken and salmon, the usual,” he said.
“So I remember one day saying I'll go vegan for a week or so, trying it out. I felt a lot better but I thought ‘you know what, I need to eat something'. You know those times where you're thinking protein?
“So I'm thinking you know what just let me eat some fish for today, or what not, but the belly just went berserk. It was ridiculous.
“So from then on I said ‘you know what, if we've got a weekend match, on Thursday I've got to prepare two meals for the Friday and two meals for the Saturday, until I get back'. It has just begun from there.”
Smith says he has felt the benefits of going vegan both on and off the pitch.
He added: “You just feel like you think a lot more clearly, and your recovery time improves.
“I remember last pre-season, at lunchtime, some of the players were eating eggs, and I can't remember what I was eating but it was obviously going to be pure.
“When we were going back out to run, I'm hearing them talking about their stomach, about the egg, but I just felt good. You know when you just feel good, and they're just complaining the whole time.
“Gradually as you go on and on and you start learning a few more things, and times to eat certain stuff as well.
“You just start feeling better within yourself. You never really feel tired.”
by Adam Armstrong
Mangstor's NX-Series Accelerate HPC Throughput Using Burst Buffer Capabilities
Today at the ISC High Performance Conference 2016 in Frankfurt, Germany, Mangstor Inc., announced that its NX-Series (such as the recently reviewed NX6320) now features burst buffer capabilities. Mangstor states that the burst buffer capabilities can significantly boost performance and reduce latency while eliminating bottlenecks associated with backend storage. Mangsotr will be demonstrating this new capability at ISC High Performance Conference 2016 by Mangstor's European team in Booth #1440.
The new bust buffer capabilities work by holding data until the compute node requires it. Once the data is requested, it is delivered in large bursts to external storage systems. Mangstor arrays have a tier of extremely fast solid-state memory that acts as a burst buffer to accelerate application throughput to the external storage systems while reducing the amount of external storage bandwidth that is required to meet many applications. This capability was developed for HPC, transactional processing, video editing, and cloud computing workloads, and for real-time analytics.
As we've previously stated, the Mangstor NX-Series of all-flash arrays (AFA) are a family of appliances that are designed to bring the performance and low-latency benefits of NVMe to a shared storage environment. Shared storage of course isn't new, but being able to leverage the benefits of NVMe in a shared environment is. Conceptually, NVMe over Fabrics takes the power of the best of breed SSDs, that have been confined to in-server use, and shares them over a high-speed network (Ethernet or Infiniband).
Availability
The Mangstor NX-Series is available now.
Mangstor
Discuss this story
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
Secretary General of the World Tourism Organization (WTO) Taleb Rifai has, in a Farsi interview with IRNA, weighed in on US President Donald Trump's executive order banning entry into the United States for the nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries.
He said the stance adopted by the World Tourism Organization after the introduction of the ban in late January, 2017, was that slapping a travel ban on an individual because of his or her nationality runs counter to international freedom principles on travelling and travelling facilitation promoted by the international tourism community.
Moreover, he said, the travel ban is an obstacle to reaping the huge benefits of the tourism industry in order to boost economic growth and create jobs for countries, including the US itself.
He was asked what objectives the US follows by imposing the travel ban under the pretext of fighting terrorism and why it applies to countries such as Iran, whose citizens have not been involved in any terrorist attack in any country, namely the US. In response, he said global challenges require global solutions, and that today's security challenges should result in the creation of new walls.
Unlike what is believed, isolationism and blind discriminatory actions will not only not increase security, but further fuel tensions and threats.
He then offered his assessment of the negative reaction of the US people, companies and tourism sector to the travel ban.
Rifai said the negative consequences of the decision will most of all affect the US and American companies. He said a country which imposes travel bans using such a hostile approach will definitely face reaction from travellers and decrease demands for visits to America.
He was also asked if he thinks the travel ban will have a negative impact on the US nomination to host the 2024 Olympic games. In response, the top official said such a ban is completely against principles which promote such games, adding the travel ban will have an adverse effect on the US image as well as its efforts to host the games.
Elsewhere in his remarks, Rifai said talks are underway with Iran to establish in the country a regional centre to train tourist guides for the Silk Road, but stopped short of giving a specific date for that.
News — and supposition — has been flying recently regarding a number of policy announcements and statements coming out of BMHQ related to DJs and amplified music on playa. Dancetronauts being “banned”, Opulent Temple not being placed, the Deep-Playa Music Zone (DMZ), pre-publishing DJ lineups — it's dizzying. And taken together, it could appear that Burning Man has it out for Electronic Dance Music (EDM)!! Yeah, no.
We wanted to take a moment to clear up the misconceptions so we're all on the same page. We don't like to announce a “what” without a “why” so everybody understands what's behind the decisions. So let's do it.
Before we get started, we should say that at BMHQ we often make decisions slowly because there are many moving parts to all of these things, from operational considerations to cultural impacts. We take this stuff seriously, we debate these questions to death (holding them up to the Ten Principles), we work hard to get it right, and we usually do. When we don't, we reflect on it and make an adjustment. We like to say that Burning Man is an experiment in temporary community, and that's what we do: we experiment to try and create the ideal context in which our diverse community can come out and do their self-expression thing while maintaining some semblance of civil society.
OK, so let's clear this stuff up, shall we? Starting with …
The Grand Conspiracy to Ban EDM at Burning Man
There is no grand conspiracy to ban, marginalize or sideline EDM at Burning Man. EDM is an art form, its community has made valuable contributions for many years to the rich cultural fabric of Burning Man, and we like it that way. It just so happens that this year, we're finding ourselves forced to make decisions about issues ranging from sound policies to public safety to Decommodification — even Leave No Trace. None of this is even about a particular kind of sound. If people were blasting bluegrass or smooth jazz or (insert your favorite music here), all of the decisions would be the same.
Heck, we didn't even lift a finger in the years when dubstep was all the rage — that's how tolerant we are. (We kid, we kid.)
Addition of Deep-Playa Music Zone (DMZ) to DMV Sound Policy
On July 27, Burning Man's Department of Mutant Vehicles (DMV) made an addition to its Sound Policy for Mutant Vehicles for the 2015 event, creating a new area for Mutant Vehicles to blast music in deep playa for more than three hours. The Deep-Playa Music Zone (DMZ) will be 5,340 feet from The Man between the 10:30 and 11:15 clock positions with banks of toilets at each end. This distance out follows the arc of Kook Street. The length of the arc is 1,747 feet. In plain English, this area is BIG, so multiple vehicles can party there.
The DMZ actually expands the options for all Mutant Vehicles with sound. Our standing policy for Level 1 and 2 sound vehicles asked their operators to be mindful of their volume and surroundings, especially in quieter areas in the city or late at night, and when on the open playa, to turn it down when appropriate. Vehicles with Level 3 (read: massive) systems were asked to only play at high volume at 10:00 and 2:00 by the Large Scale Sound Camps, with speakers pointing out to the deep playa. Now, in addition to those areas, Mutant Vehicles can park and party in the DMZ with large gatherings of people for extended periods.
In practice, the old policy wasn't carefully enforced, and that caused lots of major problems. By creating a new area designated for large, long, loud dance parties in deep playa, we can address environmental, sanitation, and public safety concerns, while balancing the needs and desires of different participants. This experiment will move loud sound further away from people and art installations who don't want it, and it will provide better amenities for people who do, most importantly porta-potties and medical care. Deep-playa dance parties in the past have led to way too much poop MOOP on the playa surface (you'd actually find a circle of poop around some parties, folks), so now there are potties to address that problem. There will also be Emergency Services medical personnel on hand to quickly respond to medical emergencies.
The DMZ is not some kind of quarantine for loud dance music. It's a new place to have loud dance parties that are both more fun and safer. And this is an experiment — if it doesn't work, we'll look at it again.
Dancetronauts Mutant Vehicle
As we explained on June 17, DMV asked the Dancetronauts to address complaints from participants about the music on their Mutant Vehicle. DMV required that Dancetronauts present a plan for how they would address these complaints to bring their vehicle back in line with the DMV's sound policy. They failed to do so, so their 2015 Mutant Vehicle license was not approved. No one has been “banned from Burning Man”. In fact, the Dancetronauts can bring the Strip Ship this year, park it at a 10:00 or 2:00 camp and play to their heart's content. They've simply not been granted permission to drive their Mutant Vehicle on playa this year, which happens regularly to Mutant Vehicle teams whose applications don't check out.
The DMV sound policy is a delicate effort to strike a balance between the interests of vehicle teams with sound, artists whose installations are affected by sound, participants who either do or do not want loud sound, and public safety concerns about hearing damage caused by overly loud systems. It's not an easy balance to strike, but it works as long as all parties act in good faith to uphold it. In this specific case, the Dancetronauts did not. Next year, DMV would love to see a sound plan that lets them bring their vehicle back.
Opulent Temple Camp Placement
Opulent Temple has been a staple of the BRC EDM scene for a dozen years, bringing a monster sound system and a spectacular stage, and regularly drawing thousands of people to their camp to dance their brains off. This year, OT decided to take a break from this offering. Here's the change they're making in their own words:
[T]he plan is to step back and have a different Burning Man experience while still maintaining an OT presence and vibe in Black Rock City. There will still be a great OT camp that will be close to the many dance floors in the 10:00 and Esplanade vicinity, and as said — we'll still do a number of events, but they just won't take place in our own sound camp and dance floor. (emphasis added)
There are five criteria for Theme Camp placement, one of which is that “camps must be interactive. They should include activities, events or services within their camps and they must be available to the entire Burning Man community.”
Since Opulent Temple won't be holding its events in camp this year but rather elsewhere around the playa, their camp didn't get Theme Camp placement. That doesn't mean they can't come, it means they're not pre-placed. What a camp has given the community in years past is not part of the consideration — it's about what they're offering this year. It's that simple.
Announcing DJ Lineups
In response to a growing practice of Mutant Vehicles and Theme Camps pre-announcing celebrity DJ lineups to audiences outside of Black Rock City, representatives from a few different Burning Man departments considered the potential cultural ramifications of this practice and composed a letter to Mutant Vehicle and Theme Camp organizers. The gist of it was:
Burning Man doesn't have “headliners”. We pride ourselves on that. Burners don't follow anyone else to Black Rock City, they go for themselves. Please understand, we don't have anything against EDM, an art form whose vibrant community has made great contributions to Burning Man for many years. But we welcome members of the EDM community to come to Burning Man for a different experience than they're used to: to fully participate in an experiment in a temporary community.
You can read the full letter in this blog post from July 21.
We're Working on It
We hope it's clear that there's no unified campaign against EDM going on here. Taken individually, these decisions all make sense. Taken collectively, it can look like a musical preference vendetta playing out. But that's not happening. It so happens that a handful of this year's decisions all swirled around issues involving loud music. We think they're going to make life in Black Rock City better. If they don't, we'll fix it.
Thanks for listening.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here: title | points | age | /r/ | comnts :--|:--|:--|:--|:-- [WCGW if I do /anything/ with a champagne bottle](http://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/arbi8p/wcgw_if_i_do_anything_with_a_champagne_bottle/) | 202 | 10^dys | Whatcouldgowrong | 12 [HMB while I break this champagne bottle](http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer/comments/aogr8p/hmb_while_i_break_this_champagne_bottle/) | 7399 | 18^dys | holdmybeer | 135 [Unfortunate](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/9o4r4r/unfortunate/) | 355 | 4^mos | gifs | 21 [Cham-pain anyone?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7coqp0/champain_anyone/) | 30 | 1^yr | funny | 5 [Don't mess with champagne](http://www.reddit.com/r/instant_regret/comments/7co00f/dont_mess_with_champagne/) | 275 | 1^yr | instant_regret | 15 [Don't mess with Champagne](http://www.reddit.com/r/Wellthatsucks/comments/7cm87u/dont_mess_with_champagne/) | 10353 | 1^yr | Wellthatsucks | 165 [Champagne is vengeful.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nevertellmetheodds/comments/7ch9id/champagne_is_vengeful/) | 2566 | 1^yr | nevertellmetheodds | 78 [Why did this heat-seeking Molotov boomerang not ignite?](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittyaskscience/comments/731hg0/why_did_this_heatseeking_molotov_boomerang_not/) | 976 | 1^yr | shittyaskscience | 26 [Champain](http://www.reddit.com/r/Instantregret/comments/6we2rm/champain/) | 569 | 1^yr | Instantregret | 20 [Brexit \[xpost /r/politicalhumor\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/4ppqjg/brexit_xpost_rpoliticalhumor/) | 68 | 2^yrs | gifs | 1 [Brexit the GIF](http://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalHumor/comments/4pmaeq/brexit_the_gif/) | 900 | 2^yrs | PoliticalHumor | 47 [I hate this bottle!](http://www.reddit.com/r/BetterEveryLoop/comments/4948uh/i_hate_this_bottle/) | 106 | 2^yrs | BetterEveryLoop | 8 [How I deal with life.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3x2qb1/how_i_deal_with_life/) | 1249 | 3^yrs | funny | 45 [In Russia, bottle breaks you.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3lkva6/in_russia_bottle_breaks_you/) | 193 | 3^yrs | funny | 13 [''to new beginnings''](http://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/3fi5we/to_new_beginnings/) | 90 | 3^yrs | gif | 6 [WCGW if I smash this champagne bottle?](http://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/3ffksd/wcgw_if_i_smash_this_champagne_bottle/) | 2243 | 3^yrs | Whatcouldgowrong | 89 [How to pop a cork in the Mother Land](http://www.reddit.com/r/ANormalDayInRussia/comments/3ff8ns/how_to_pop_a_cork_in_the_mother_land/) | 280 | 3^yrs | ANormalDayInRussia | 14 [Throw me at a wall huh?](http://www.reddit.com/r/nevertellmetheodds/comments/3ff1op/throw_me_at_a_wall_huh/) | 868 | 3^yrs | nevertellmetheodds | 39 [HMB while I break this champagne bottle \(x-post /r/gifs\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer/comments/3ff130/hmb_while_i_break_this_champagne_bottle_xpost/) | 2871 | 3^yrs | holdmybeer | 135 [Perfect throw](http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/3feyo0/perfect_throw/) | 2683 | 3^yrs | woahdude | 77 [Champain.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3fetcn/champain/) | 6888 | 3^yrs | funny | 1284 [HMB while I throw my beer](http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer/comments/735ccz/hmb_while_i_throw_my_beer/) | 123 | 1^yr | holdmybeer | 9 [One shot, One opportunity](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/53h205/one_shot_one_opportunity/) | 34 | 2^yrs | gifs | 9 [Never underestimate the laws of physics!](http://www.reddit.com/r/physicsgifs/comments/42acnz/never_underestimate_the_laws_of_physics/) | 308 | 3^yrs | physicsgifs | 21 [Unforeseen consequences](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/3ylw8x/unforeseen_consequences/) | 29 | 3^yrs | GifSound | 1 [Usually hits you the next morning.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3yeh9o/usually_hits_you_the_next_morning/) | 537 | 3^yrs | gifs | 25 [Swing and a Mist.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/5nunam/swing_and_a_mist/) | 114 | 2^yrs | gifs | 6 [Cham-pain anyone?](http://www.reddit.com/r/nevertellmetheodds/comments/3kwdl8/champain_anyone/) | 615 | 3^yrs | nevertellmetheodds | 27 [In Soviet Russia, champagne pops you](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/6jxg2d/in_soviet_russia_champagne_pops_you/) | 96 | 1^yr | gifs | 11 [For He's a Jolly Good Fell-OW!!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/4iskp0/for_hes_a_jolly_good_fellow/) ^**B** | 563 | 2^yrs | gifs | 49 [Champagne bottle lands on its cork](http://www.reddit.com/r/nevertellmetheodds/comments/506zn1/champagne_bottle_lands_on_its_cork/) ^**B** | 1058 | 2^yrs | nevertellmetheodds | 76 [you should not have thrown me](http://www.reddit.com/r/reallifedoodles/comments/3t6ow4/you_should_not_have_thrown_me/) ^**B** | 2962 | 3^yrs | reallifedoodles | 62 *[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/results/u5605646) (B = bigger)*
HOUSTON -- Though he wasn't scheduled to address the media like this prior to Game 4, MLB commissioner Rob Manfred took the podium to discuss the situation surrounding Astros first baseman Yuli Gurriel on Saturday afternoon in Minute Maid Park. Manfred announced that Gurriel will be suspended without pay for five games during the 2018 regular season. Obviously, the big news here is Gurriel not being suspended during the World Series.
On that note, Manfred said he felt it was unfair to punish Gurriel's 24 active teammates for his individual actions during the World Series. Manfred also said it was important for Gurriel to take a hit in the salary department, and that only happens during the regular season. Further, delaying the suspension would give Gurriel his full right to appeal. The MLB Players Association has announced that Gurriel will not appeal, however.
"There is no question that it is a difficult decision as to when the right timing was," Manfred said. "I used my best judgment."
Gurriel homered off Japanese pitcher Yu Darvish in the second inning of Game 3, then could be seen laughing while he made a gesture that was deemed offensive to Asians. He also could be seen saying "chinito," which is a Spanish slang term that essentially means "little Chinese person."
Did Yuli Gurriel say chinito while he made that gesture? pic.twitter.com/OLy7o3VZPE — Eric Rosenthal (@ericsports) October 28, 2017
After the game, Gurriel had the following to say, via a translator:
"I didn't want to offend anybody. I don't want to offend him or anybody in Japan. I have a lot respect. I played in Japan." "In Cuba, we call everybody who's from Asia, 'China.' ... I know it is offensive to them and they don't like that, but I didn't mean to do it."
Manfred said the commissioner's office and players association are in agreement that "there is no place in our game" for Gurriel's actions.
Darvish offered this statement after the game:
During the press conference Saturday, Manfred specifically pointed out that how Darvish handled the situation carried great weight with him. It's possible this helped Manfred to decide to not have the suspension during the World Series.
The Astros have released the following statement on the matter:
"The Houston Astros were surprised and disappointed by the behavior displayed by Yuli Gurriel during last night's game. The Astros and Major League Baseball pride ourselves on the diversity of our sport and in showing great respect to all cultures represented by our players, front office staff, fans and members of the media. "Yuli has always demonstrated respectful behavior and is extremely remorseful for his actions. Appropriately, Yuli has apologized for his gesture. He had no intention of offending anyone, but now recognizes the perceived offensiveness of his actions. "We support Major League Baseball's decision of a five-game suspension for the 2018 season. The Astros will donate Yuli's salary for these five games in equal parts to the Astros Foundation and to a charity directly supporting diversity efforts."
Gurriel Saturday released the following statement:
"During last night's game, I made an offensive gesture that was indefensible. I sincerely apologize to everyone that I offended with my actions. I deeply regret it. I would particularly like to apologize to Yu Darvish, a pitcher that I admire and respect. I would also like to apologize to the Dodgers organization, the Astros, Major League Baseball and to all fans across the game."
Game 4 of the World Series is set for 8:20 p.m. ET Saturday night. Expect Gurriel to be hitting fifth and playing first base, as usual. His Astros have a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series against the Dodgers.
Jessica Brown Findlay, who is starring in Hulu's new drama "Harlots," is opening up about her eating disorder that she's suffered from since she was a teenager.
"I've had an eating disorder since I was 14," the 27-year-old "Downton Abbey" star told The Daily Telegraph. "And I think that we can feed certain ideas of what beauty is and what success is, and I just feel there has to come a time where those aren't the rules anymore, and then we can have a mature conversation about what that is about, and about depression."
WATCH: Lily Collins on Playing an Anorexic Following Her Own Eating Disorders: 'It's a Topic That's Taboo'
Findlay admitted that she used to be scared to talk about her disorder in public, but now hopes that it will help other people get the help they need.
"If you are lucky enough to speak and be heard, it might be something that could be useful to others," she said. "The more we have brave discussions like that going forward, the easier it is to talk about things, and the less alone we can feel. It's certainly made me feel less alone."
"I felt so alone for so long, and I just hid," she continued. "And then I started talking and held my head up, and instead of saying 'sorry' decided to tell myself that I matter."
NEWS: 'Downton Abbey' Star Dan Stevens Joins 'Beauty and the Beast'
She explained that when she started going to therapy, she realized it was good and healthy to talk about her issues.
"It's about learning to stand up and say, 'This is me, and that's OK,'" she said. "I'm not going to be a better actor if I'm a dress size smaller. It's nothing to do with my brain."
WATCH: Mel C Opens Up About Developing an Eating Disorder While With the Spice Girls
Even in defeat in New York and most likely in the overall quest for the 2016 Democratic nomination, Bernie Sanders has already won in another, perhaps more important way: His brand of politics is the future of the Democratic Party.
Sanders is the overwhelming choice of young voters, scoring 67 percent of voters under 30 in New York even while losing overall amidst a set of election rules that were highly unfavorable to his cause. National Reuters polls now show him with a large 56-38 edge over Clinton with voters below the age of 40.
The votes of old people count just as much, of course, but any young and ambitious Democrat looking at the demographics of the party and the demographics of Sanders supporters has to conclude that his brand of politics is extremely promising for the future. There are racial and demographic gaps between Clinton and Sanders supporters, but the overwhelming reality is that for all groups, the young people are feeling the Bern.
woooo this is fun, is everyone having fun? I am pic.twitter.com/lGCtexmsfK — Matt Bruenig (@MattBruenig) February 8, 2016
Whether the first Sanders-style nominee is Sanders himself or Elizabeth Warren or someone like a Tammy Baldwin or a Keith Ellison doesn't matter. What's clear is that there's robust demand among Democrats — especially the next generation of Democrats — to remake the party along more ideological, more social democratic lines, and party leaders are going to have to answer that demand or get steamrolled.
Young Democrats want a different kind of party
Hillary Clinton's campaign — and, frankly, many DC journalists — has been repeatedly taken by surprise by the potency of some of Sanders's attacks, because they apply to such a broad swath of the party. But this is precisely the point. Sanders and his youthful supporters want the Democrats to be a different kind of party: a more ideological, more left-wing one.
As Clinton put it in the most recent debate, "Under [Sanders's] definition, President Obama is not progressive because he took donations from Wall Street; Vice President Biden is not progressive because he supported Keystone [the pipeline]; Sen. Shaheen is not progressive because she supports the trade pact. Even the late, great Sen. Paul Wellstone would not fit this definition because he voted for DOMA."
To Clinton, Democrats are the party of progressives, and so stuff that Democrats routinely do is, by definition, compatible with being progressive.
But though Democrats are certainly the more left-wing of the two parties — the party of labor unions and environment groups and feminist organizations and the civil rights movement — they're not an ideologically left-wing party in the same way that Republicans are an ideological conservative one. Instead, they behave more like a centrist, interest group brokerage party that seeks to mediate between the claims and concerns of left-wing activists groups and those of important members of the business community — especially industries like finance, Hollywood, and tech that are based in liberal coastal states and whose executives generally espouse a progressive outlook on cultural change.
Sanders's core proposition, separate from the details of the political revolution, is that for progressives to win they need to first organize and dominate an ideologically left-wing political party that is counterpoised to the ideological right-wing Republican Party.
Sanders complicates Democrats' demographic determinism
Sanders's most significant legacy, win or lose, is going to be what his campaign has shown about the ideological proclivities of younger Americans. Specifically, he showed that the hefty liberal tilt of under-35 voters is not a question of Barack Obama's cool-for-a-politician persona or simply an issue of being repulsed by this or that GOP stance.
Clinton tried hard to make waves with superficial appeals to youth culture, include selling Yaaas Hillary T-shirts, appearing with the cast of Broad City, and campaigning in Iowa with Katy Perry.
But the hearts of America's young people — including, crucially, young women — are with the crotchety 74-year-old socialist from Vermont. This both tends to confirm Washington Democrats' conviction that demographic headwinds are at their backs and complicates their hazy sense that faith in demographics is a substitute for political strategy.
The problem is that the young progressives the party is counting on to deliver them to the promised land are, as Sanders has shown, really quite left-wing. They aren't going to be bought off with a stray Snapchat gimmick or two. To retain their loyalty and enthusiasm, party leaders are going to need to change and adapt to what it is these voters want — even at the risk of alienating some of the voters and campaign contributors they already have.
Sanders is succeeding despite many flaws as a candidate
The most striking thing about the traction Sanders has gained in the 2016 campaign is that he really is a badly flawed candidate in any number of ways:
He's old and culturally out of step with his supporters.
He's white, and has spent decades representing a nearly all-white constituency in a party that increasingly relies on nonwhite voters.
His opponent is ideologically out of step with most of her party on foreign policy and national security issues, but he's personally uninterested in talking about these subjects.
He early on failed to gain endorsements from labor unions and other liberal interest groups, even though historically he's been more supportive of their agenda than Clinton has.
He doesn't have the kind of network of think tank and academic wonks who could help him assemble really rigorous policy proposals that would stand up to scrutiny and generate positive media coverage.
His status as a self-professed "socialist" made some sense in the context of Burlington municipal politics decades ago, but it's a general election liability (which becomes a liability for electability-minded primary voters) and relatively little to do with his actual policy stances, which fit comfortably with the left wing of American liberalism.
But though these are all real impediments to him winning the nomination, they are also fairly idiosyncratic â reflecting the fact that he is an idiosyncratic person. And it took an idiosyncratic person to make the decision to run in 2016 at all. But politics, over the long run, is a game for team players and conformists. And team players who look at the success Sanders has had are going to see that they could haveeven more success â not just in presidential primaries, but in primary elections for House and Senate seats and state and local offices â if people who don't have some of Sanders's flaws took his ideas and ran with them.
The small problem of electability
Especially in the context of the 2016 election, there remains the small problem that most experts think Sanders would be a weak general election candidate. Younger Democrats are hungry for a more left-wing, more ideologically rigorous Democratic Party, but after eight years of Obama the general public is not. This is a problem, and one the Sanders campaign hasn't yet offered a particularly compelling or detailed response to.
But the more you think about the long term, the less compelling it seems.
After all, mainstream Democrats have no real plan to win Congressor state offices, so in terms of big schemes for change it's a choice between two different flavors of wishful thinking, not between realism and impracticality.
More fundamentally, the Sanders contention is that if liberals want to change America in fundamental ways, they need to start by creating an ideologically liberal political party. Once you have control of a party, the chance that your Reagan-in-1980 moment may arrive is always lurking out there in the mysterious world of unpredictable events. But if you don't have control of a party, then you are guaranteed to fail.
Sanders may or may not be the right person for the job, and 2016 may or may not be the year it happens. But it looks clear that the rising generation of Democrats want to try to build that party, and that the future belongs to politicians who'll promise to build it with them.
Primary elections are surprisingly new. Learn how they came to be:
The questionable stability and frequent security issues with Adobe's Flash have long been a running joke among the tech-minded. Although the once-ubiquitous plugin's star began to wane after mobile browsing took off, it still makes a lot of the content on the internet move. But after the release of yet another potentially disastrous vulnerability recently, the crowd clamoring for an end to Flash has now gone far beyond your local IT office, and includes both Firefox and Facebook.
The newest big exploit in Flash security surfaced about a week ago, after European company Hacking Team was itself hacked. Hacking Team provides spyware and surveillance support to government entities — basically, they break privacy and exploit vulnerabilities on purpose, and get paid (handsomely) for it.
Among the data taken from Hacking Team were some zero-day exploits, including one for Adobe Flash. The Flash exploit made it into circulation very shortly after being discovered, and has turned out to be very bad.
Adobe rushed out a patch for that vulnerability, but then two more were found over the weekend.
That's when Mozilla apparently decided enough is enough, according to CNN. The company behind Firefox started blocking Flash by default across the board, until such time as Adobe can be sure the product is safe. The head of Firefox support took to Twitter with a pointed image calling out Flash for its security flaws.
Facebook — or at least, the company's head of security — has likewise joined the bandwagon and is calling for an end to Flash use, CNN adds. Alex Stamos, Facebook's security chief, tweeted on Sunday that “It is time for Adobe to announce the end-of-life date for Flash,” and added that he hoped the browsers would kill support for it on the same day.
Macromedia Flash was everywhere in the early 2000s, powering the first wave of popular web-based video series and casual games. Adobe acquired the company in 2005 and started releasing products branded as Adobe Flash in 2007.
But 2007 was also the year the iPhone launched, and Flash began to go out of vogue when the mobile era began. The iPhone has never supported it (Steve Jobs was infamously against it), and Adobe pulled Flash support for Android way back in 2011. Video juggernaut YouTube, which was originally Flash-based, has been using HTML5 by default since the beginning of this year.
Firefox blocks Flash, and Facebook calls for its death [CNN Money]
Image copyright PA
Leading Leave campaigner Michael Gove says he "shuddered" when he saw UKIP's "breaking point" anti-EU poster showing a long queue of migrants.
The justice secretary joined a number of politicians attacking the poster, featuring a photo taken in Slovenia, with George Osborne saying it had "echoes" of 1930s' literature.
But UKIP leader Nigel Farage defended it, saying it was "the truth".
He said it was "about us being part of a European Union that isn't working".
Critics say the migrants shown in the poster were not coming to the UK and have accused UKIP of trying to scare voters ahead of Thursday's EU referendum.
Mr Gove said: "When I saw that poster, I shuddered. I thought it was the wrong thing to do."
'Positive message'
But Mr Farage, who is not part of the official Leave campaign, defended it in a series of interviews on Sunday morning, saying the scene depicted was "a direct result" of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to open her country's doors to Syrian refugees, which he described as "one of the biggest political failures of modern times".
"The point of that poster was to say that Europe isn't working," he told Pienaar's Politics on BBC Radio 5 live, adding: "Something that's true can't be a scare."
301 Moved Permanently The document has moved here. EU referendum issues guide: Explore the arguments http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36027205 https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2016/newsspec_13606/content/iframe/english/index.inc.app.html Explore all the issues Choose an issue: What both sides are saying All issues Main views Share this page EU referendum issues guide What the leave and remain sides are saying in the #EUref campaign
Mr Farage said anyone who "dares challenge" the "narrow Westminster consensus" on free movement attracts abuse, and said his party was trying to put across a "positive message".
He told Murnaghan on Sky News: "It was a one-day poster. I have got six posters and you will see the next one tomorrow morning in the national press and online.
UKIP's next posters would be "all about this country not the wider point it was making there about the European Union failing us all," he added.
Asked whether he was stoking up hatred, he told ITV's Peston on Sunday: "I think I have been a politician who has been a victim of it, to be honest with you.
"When you challenge the establishment in this country, they come after you, they call you all sorts of things."
Image copyright JEFF OVERS/BBC Image caption Michael Gove was among the politicians to criticise the UKIP poster
Mr Farage said his side of the EU debate had the "momentum" until the death of Labour MP Jo Cox, which prompted both campaigns to be suspended.
"It has had an impact on the whole campaign for everybody," Mr Farage said.
'Desperate people'
His party's poster has been attacked by politicians on both sides of the EU debate.
Pro-Leave Commons Leader Chris Grayling said: "It's the wrong poster, it was the wrong approach, it's the wrong view."
While on the Remain side, Mr Osborne described it as "disgusting and vile" with "echoes of literature used in the 1930s", while Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon called for it to be withdrawn.
"My argument is let's deal with the impact, let's invest in housing and public services rather than blame immigrants or take a view that we should somehow close our borders," she said.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said it was an "appalling" poster showing "a lot of desperate people fleeing from war".
BERLIN — Germany told its citizens on Thursday to exercise caution when traveling to Turkey and warned that it might cut off export insurance guarantees and other forms of economic cooperation, the latest step in the deterioration of relations between the two powers.
In a blunt suggestion that Germany would use its economic might to avoid being bullied, its foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, cut short a vacation to denounce the arrests in Turkey of several human rights activists, including a German citizen, Peter Steudtner. “We are reorienting our policy toward Turkey,” Mr. Gabriel told reporters.
Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, called Mr. Gabriel's remarks “threats and blackmail” that were not “worthy of a serious country.” He accused Germany of harboring terrorists by “providing shelter” to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or P.K.K., and to the followers of the cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkey has accused of plotting a failed coup attempt last July.
The harsh exchange was the latest step in the worsening of relations between two countries with deep economic and demographic ties. Even before the coup attempt in Turkey last year, the authoritarian tendencies of its president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, had begun to disturb many German officials.
(Reuters) - An Apple's lawsuit against Google's Motorola Mobility unit over alleged patent abuse was thrown out on Monday just hours before trial, a setback for the iPhone maker in its efforts to gain leverage in the smartphone patent wars.
A woman walks past a tunnel of Google homepage logos at the Google campus near Venice Beach, in Los Angeles, California January 13, 2012. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
The two rivals were set to square off in a Madison, Wisconsin federal court over the library of patents Google Inc acquired along with Motorola for $12.5 billion in May. Apple Inc claimed Motorola's licensing practices were unfair.
However, late last week District Judge Barbara Crabb questioned whether she had the legal authority to hear Apple's claims, and on Monday she dismissed the case.
A Google spokeswoman said the company was pleased with the order, while an Apple representative declined to comment. In a legal brief filed after Crabb's ruling, Apple contended that the judge does indeed have the authority to hear its claims.
Lea Shaver, an intellectual property professor at Indiana University School of Law, said a ruling against Google would have diminished Motorola's patents as an effective bargaining chip in settlement negotiations.
“This puts Apple back into the position it was before,” Shaver said.
Apple and Microsoft Corp have been litigating in courts around the world against Google and partners like Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, which use the Android operating system on their mobile devices.
Apple contends that Android is basically a copy of its iOS smartphone software, and Microsoft holds patents that it contends cover a number of Android features. Microsoft is set for a trial against Motorola in Seattle next week in a case with similar issues as the Apple matter in Wisconsin.
Apple and Microsoft accuse Google of demanding too high a royalty for some of its so-called standard essential patents. Motorola promised to license those patents on fair terms, they argue, in exchange for Motorola technology being adopted as an industry standard.
In Wisconsin, Crabb had ruled during the run-up to trial that she might decide what a fair royalty for Motorola's patents should be.
However, in a court filing last week, Apple argued that it would not consider itself bound by Crabb's rate if it exceeded $1 per Apple phone.
Given Apple's position, Crabb questioned whether she had the power to issue merely an advisory opinion. “It has become clear that Apple's interest in a license is qualified,” Crabb wrote on Friday.
Microsoft, by contrast, has agreed to live with whatever terms U.S. District Judge James Robart sets at the Seattle trial.
In Wisconsin, the trial was scheduled to begin Monday afternoon in Madison, but Crabb dismissed the case during a morning hearing. If Apple cannot convince Crabb to reconsider, then the matter could be appealed.
In its statement, Google said Motorola has long offered licensing at reasonable rates. “We remain interested in reaching an agreement with Apple,” the company said.
The case in U.S. District Court, Western District of Wisconsin is Apple Inc. v. Motorola Mobility Inc., No. 11-cv-178.
Introducing Machinewerks: The CS X51 Control Surface
Posted on 2nd September 2013 in News
Hi Dogsquad,
We need your help with a project we've been working on for the last 8 months, we've been hard at work trying to make it happen and now it's finally here.
You can read all about what we are trying to do here: http://www.machinewerks.co.uk
You can support us on the Kickstarter Project here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/machinewerks/cs-x51-usb-midi-control-surface
We realise it's a but unusual for us to ask for help but if you've always been supportive to us so hand on heart we'd love for this project to happen, to bring back some manufacturing to Sheffield, to possibly start employing people and to make some great kit for us all to make music with.
Please help us spread the word if you can, you can also win a CS X51, just check out the details here: http://www.machinewerks.co.uk/win
Many thanks in advance.
The Black Dog
Lesbian teacher who kissed schoolgirl, 14, in stationery cupboard and became obsessed with her is jailed for ‘sordid little secret' affair
Rachel Speed, 41, taught science at Fairview High School in South Wales
She would have 'sleepovers' with the pupil and gave her expensive gifts
But Speed was dumped by text when the pupil went to university
'Sordid': Rachel Speed, 41, arrives at Cwmbran Magistrates Court for a hearing earlier in the year. She has now been sentenced to two years in jail
A woman teacher was jailed for two years today for having a 'years-long' secret lesbian relationship with one of her pupils.
Rachel Speed, 41, started the ‘sexual relationship' after kissing the girl in a school stationery cupboard when she was just 14.
Speed would pick up the girl in her car and drive her to her house where they had ‘sleepovers' several times a week.
Prosecutor Christopher Rees told her: ‘You abused her trust while she was 14.
‘You did not want her parents to know because then they would know your sordid little secret.
‘You were clearly obsessed with her - even when she went to university.'
Speed, wearing jeans and a heavy sweater, had already been warned by Judge Wynn Morgan that she was going to prison.
Sentencing Speed to two years jail, Judge Morgan told her: ‘You were in a position of trust in relation to the girl - you were her teacher.
‘Teachers are not allowed to have sex with their pupils. Everybody knows that.
‘You were a mature person while she was an impressionable and vulnerable child who was unpopular at school.
‘She was bound to respond to the attentions of a popular teacher.'
The court heard the girl was bullied at school and Speed started texting the girl and sending her online messages before inviting her for a sleepover.
Speed, who had taught science at Fairview High School in Cwmbran, south Wales, for 15 years, carried on the relationship until the girl went to university.
The pair would share a bed, shower together and perform ‘sex acts' on each other several times a week.
The court heard how the relationship was uncovered when the girl's mother found an 'inappropriate' letter from Speed.
Speed promised the victim's parents to stop their relationship, but continued it anyway until she was dumped
When they found out about the sleepovers, they went to Speed's house to collect items belonging to the victim. The court heard Speed told them: 'You're not going to like it but I love your daughter.'
The parents made Speed sign a contract in exchange for not going to the school or the police.
She agreed she would end the relationship until the girl was 21 or after she finished full-time education - but she broke her promise.
The girl's mum said: ‘I felt sick and angry. My daughter was a child. How could she have her sleep over at her house?'
Speed, of Hengoed in the Rhymney Valley, South Wales, gave the girl an engagement ring and a car when she went to university.
But the court heard how the pupil dumped her teacher by text after she met someone new.
She then reported Speed, who was accused of indecent assault and sexual activity while in a position of trust.
Speed began her relationship with the child while she was a pupil at Fairwater High School (pictured)
Speed, of Hengoed in the Rhymney Valley, South Wales, gave the girl an engagement ring and a car when she went to university. But the court heard how the pupil dumped her teacher by text after she met someone new
Speed's lawyer Peter Harding-Roberts told the court: ‘The situation sprung from an initial act of kindness from the defendant.
‘The relationship continued until the girl was 20 - it was a genuine loving relationship.
Speed, who was found guilty after denying the charges, has lost her job at Fairwater High School in Cwmbran, near Newport.
She was placed on the sexual offences register for ten years and under, a sexual offences prevention order, was ordered not to have unsupervised contact with a child under the age of 18.
For years now fandom has been haunted by a conspiracy theory involving two of the biggest fanboys in Hollywood, director Kevin Smith and full-time JJ Abrams buddy Greg Grunberg. High-level geeks among the inner circle of nerdery have theorized the two men are actually one and the same. If true, Grunberg-Smith would have perpetrated the greatest long con in dork history (or at least since The Prestige)… and he's only gotten bolder and more ambitious over the years. Case in point, this summer the “duo” of Smith and Grunberg are set to “co-host” a new talk show on AMC. How Grunberg-Smith will sustain his dual identities remains to be seen, but until then let's explore why the theory may not be as far-fetched as it sounds.
Recently AMC announced a 30-minute talk show tentatively titled Geeking Out which would take a “timely look at pop culture through a fanboy lens,” according to the network. Nothing new there – AMC hopes to parlay Chris Hardwick's successful @midnight show into a solid block of nerd programming. Makes sense. What doesn't make too much sense, however, is who they've enlisted to host Geeking Out.
Greg Grunberg (Heroes, Star Wars: The Force Awakens) and Kevin Smith (Clerks, Comic Book Men).
(Long, long pause) Exactly.
Not sure why we paused? Check out this pair of quotes from the fanboys about their upcoming collaboration. WARNING: You may vomit in your mouth.
“AMC has been my TV family for five seasons of Comic Book Men now, so I know that Geeking Out is in the perfect, fan-friendly network hands,” said Smith. “I can't wait to lose fluids on the airwaves of my favorite channel over the genre gems we're gonna get insider access to due to gregarious Greg's bonafides!” Grunberg said he plans on asking, “every single genre-based writer, director and actor I know to come on our show and geek out with us.” He gushed: “I love how Kevin Smith smells and we fit together like two hibernating fan-bears. Thanks to AMC and the Weinsteins, the rest of the world is going to get to see what's inside our dark, dank geek cave. It's going to be a fun 30 minutes, if I can just get Kevin to stop talking and smoking.”
Yep, the cringe is real. Now that you know the level of stereotypical try-hard fanboys we are dealing with, let's explore the theory that Grunberg and Smith are the same person.
First things first, forget how polarizing these two professional nerds are. (I know this may be impossible and seems counter-intuitive since I just shared their cringe-worthy quotes above, but try to forget the pain.)
Forget their obsession with earning geek cred in everything they say or do. And please, for the love of Star Wars, disregard the literal “tears of joy” they've shed over advance screenings of fandom properties and access to tightly guarded sets. Forget all that, and just focus on what each of these men look like. (Pause)
They are the spitting image of each other. This eerie “twinning” effect formed the basis for a theory claiming Grunberg and Smith are the very same person. But let's go to our tale of the tape:
Height
Kevin Smith 5'9”
Greg Grunberg 6'2”
How can the discrepancy be explained? Elevator shoes and Smith's hair when properly teased can cover the 5 inch gap between his two personas.
Weight
Kevin Smith 250 lbs. (after recent 85 lb. weight loss)
Greg Grunberg 275 lbs.
How can the discrepancy be explained? Force Fit Spanx.
Age
Kevin Smith 45
Greg Grunberg 49
How can the discrepancy be explained? Greg Grunberg was 4 years old when he created his supernerd altar ego Kevin Smith with help from his 4-year old friend-til-the-end future director JJ Abrams.
Faith
Kevin Smith was raised Catholic
Greg Grunberg was raised Jewish
How can the discrepancy be explained? Young Greg began to see the benefits of leading a double life when he started dating. While he was attracted to Jewish girls, the “shiksas” or gentile women always excited him in ways he could not understand. Thanks to his Kevin Smith identity, Greg was able to swim in Catholic lady ponds whenever he felt the urge.
Those are just the basics. The “Grunberg-Smith” theory is much more extensive in scope and detail. The TL;DR version is simple: Using a strategic combination of body doubles, mirror work, and travels to and from opposite coasts, Greg Grunberg has been living a double life for over four decades. A truly masterful troll. It's no coincidence he's BFFs with Mr. Mystery Box. The two are in cahoots and cover for each other whenever possible. We've heard JJ even has a bodysuit that enables him to become “Kevin Smith” whenever Grunberg is unable to be on the East Coast.
The effect is so good, it's hard to tell whether it's Grunberg-Smith or Abrams-Smith in certain photos of Kevin Smith. The practical joke-loving bros have even managed to pull the wool over Grunberg-Smith's families for years. Recently his “Smith” daughter Harley Quinn successfully pointed out her Uber driver was not the man he was supposed to be. But even her eagle eyes can't tell Grunberg-Smith apart from Abrams-Smith. We reached out to Ms. Quinn via Twitter to see if she knew of the “Grunberg-Smith” theory, but she claimed to have “never even heard of Greg whoever.”
Conspiracy theorists also claim Grunberg and Smith are rarely photographed together. And the few photos of the “two” that do exist are very suspect. High-level geeks argue you can see faint seams within the images, telltale signs they have been photoshopped.
All of this is speculation of course. Still, it does make you wonder how Grunberg-Smith will portray two personas at the same time on Geeking Out. Will Grunberg-Smith resort to judiciously-placed split screens, body doubles, or mirrors and slight CG trickery?
Come July we'll find out together when Geeking Out premieres with an episode focused on San Diego Comic-Con. According to AMC, the show will be a combination of clips, celebrity interviews, and segments filmed outside the studio. We're hoping Grunberg-Smith covers Jake Lloyd's SDCC Parking Lot Experience, because anyone who attended his Parking Lot Celebration last year will agree: Anakin always delivers!
That's all for now, but we leave you with a very telling quote from Joel Stillerman, president of original programming and development for AMC and SundanceTV:
“Kevin and Greg are both true fans of this content, and are singleminded about engaging other fans who share their deep passion. But it is their natural chemistry as hosts that really brings it all together.”
What do you think of the “Grunberg-Smith” theory? Do you believe it or is it hogwash? Are there any other high-profile fakers out there on the level of Michael-Janet Jackson? Let us know in the comments or on our new messageboards!
-William Bobo
Please follow and like Faking Star Wars:
Brand-new software is rarely perfect, and the latest version of OS X is no exception. While Mavericks ushers in a number of desirable features and improvements to the operating system, those features don't always work exactly as advertised. Now that the software has been out for about a month, we thought we'd round up our most pressing gripes, in part to bring them to your attention and also because complaining can be pretty cathartic.
Not-so-smooth scrolling
When Mavericks' new responsive scrolling feature is working as designed, it draws sections of your window that aren't yet on-screen so that they show up more quickly when you scroll down (or up). In apps that have implemented the feature (Tweetbot for Mac is one), scrolling is, in fact, pretty smooth. Unfortunately, the feature seems to have broken scrolling for other programs.
I notice the problem most often in Chrome, Outlook 2011, and the Limechat IRC client—those are the three applications I spend the biggest part of my day in, though they should be representative of many other third-party applications. Gentle scrolling through pages or through my inbox is fine, but scrolling at higher speed becomes quite jerky and inconsistent. This is behavior I never noticed in Mountain Lion on the same computer (which is a 27-inch 2012 iMac with a dedicated GeForce GTX 680MX GPU and 2GB of video RAM—specs definitely aren't the problem). Tweetbot did the same thing before its recent update to version 1.4, so hopefully other developers will get their applications updated soon.
Multi-monitor madness
Let's be clear: multi-monitor support in older versions of OS X was in dire need of improvement. This was especially true once Lion introduced a full-screen mode for apps that would only let you use one monitor at a time no matter how many you had hooked up. Mavericks made this situation better, but frankly it would have been hard to make it worse. Ars Senior Reviews Editor Lee Hutchinson had a litany of complaints to make about the new feature's teething issues, the most serious of which was about window positioning:
Multi-monitor Mavericks breaks one of the most sacred tenets of the Macintosh user experience: applications do not correctly remember their window position. I have three screens and prefer to keep certain apps on certain screens. Limechat, Outlook, and Adium stay on the right screen, since that's where I do all of my Ars work. iTunes, Tweetbot, Skype, and Activity Monitor stay on the left screen, since I poke at each of those apps from time to time, but not constantly. However, some applications—not all, but some—refuse to stay where they're put. If I quit Outlook or Adium or Tweetbot and re-open them, they pop back up on the center screen. It's not just applications—dialog boxes are all over the place, too. Which screen a given dialog box appears on feels totally random, especially when OS X prompts for a password to authorize an app to take some action. Screen one? Screen three? Screen two? Who knows! OS X also gets insanely confused when dragging files or folders to the desktop. Like many folks, I use the desktop as a temporary work space when I'm doing things—if I'm collecting screenshots for an article, for example, I'll stash them in a row on the desktop while I'm pulling them all together. However, sometimes—not all the time—I'll drag a file onto a carefully cleared window-free spot on my middle desktop, and OS X will inexplicably place the file in that spot on another monitor. And that spot on both other monitors is typically buried beneath three or four other windows. Then I have to stop what I'm doing, cmd-h everything out of the way, and drag the errant file over to where it's supposed to be. Yes, there are workarounds—I could use a folder as my temporary working space, for example—but I shouldn't have to employ workarounds for something so fundamental and simple as putting files on the desktop.
Lee's complaints (and yes, there were many more than those above) also touched on something John Siracusa mentioned in our review: you can either have a properly functioning full-screen mode that can use multiple monitors, or you can choose to have windows that span multiple screens. Enabling one feature turns off the other. Finally, Lee noted that he and the Dock weren't getting along very well in multi-monitor mode.
Mavericks introduced the ability to have the Dock and Menu Bar appear not just on the primary display, but on your secondary displays, as well. Unfortunately, after having lived with this functionality since release, I've found its implementation more frustrating than useful. With the dock set to auto-hide, it's sometimes impossible to actually cause the dock to appear when and where you want it. The way this most often manifests is that the Dock will decide—in what feels like a very arbitrary fashion—that it will only appear on one of the two secondary displays. When I mouse to the bottom of the primary display to summon the auto-hidden dock, nothing happens. If I mouse over to the bottom of one of the secondary displays, the dock pops up just as it's supposed to, but returning the cursor to the bottom of the primary display does nothing. The workaround appears to be to move the mouse all the way up to the top of the primary display and then slowly and deliberately move it to the bottom—as if you're saying "Okay, OS X, here comes the airplane! Open up the Dock now! Here it comes!" This usually is enough to snap the dock to where you want it to be. I very much like the menu bars at the top of each monitor, but as with most of the other things about multi-monitor support in Mavericks, there's no way to throw out the bad bathwater without also pitching the baby with it. The only way to get the Dock to stay sensibly where you want it to be to disable the new fullscreen behavior, which also kills the per-monitor menu bar settings.
Power button problems
This one might not be a problem for you, depending on the Mac you have—more recent MacBook Airs and the Retina MacBook Pros have integrated their power buttons into the keyboard, putting it up in the upper-right corner of the keyboard where the now-vestigial eject button for the optical drive used to be. That button's proximity to the Delete key has caused some problems, but in previous versions of OS X it was OK. You could just dismiss the shutdown dialog and continue on with your business.
In Mavericks, pushing that power button automatically puts the computer to sleep, no questions asked. You don't need to push down on the button for any particular length of time, and there's no dialog box to ask you what you wanted to do when you pushed the button (or if you meant to push it at all). And unlike some of our multi-monitor gripes, there's no way to revert the button behavior back to its pre-Mavericks state.
The amount this change affects you will be dictated by your typing style (I've only done this to myself once, while Ars IT Editor Sean Gallagher is apparently doing it constantly). Hopefully we will at least see the option to change the behavior show up in a future Mavericks update.
Network share silliness
We return to Lee Hutchinson for our last problem, one that isn't exclusive to Mavericks but has long been a pain for OS X power users: network share performance. More specifically, the performance of the Finder when a connection to a given network share is severed.
Like its father and its father's father before it, Mavericks totally loses its mind if a network file share vanishes without being properly unmounted. Some versions of OS X have done better than others, but Mavericks still exhibits the same archaic, system-wide craziness that's plagued OS X for more than a decade: mount an SMB or AFP or NFS share, then remove the share without unmounting it (say, by rebooting or unplugging the server hosting the share, or by pulling your Mac's network cable). Then try to access the share, even to click its 'unmount' button and boom: indefinite forever-beachball.
Some of these problems will be worked out as application developers update their software to take advantage of Mavericks' new APIs. Others will be ironed out by Apple itself in forthcoming OS X updates (version 10.9.1 is being tested by developers now). If you've uncovered your own Mavericks bugs, let us know below—we'll be putting together a list of your biggest complaints later in the week.
In a move that has taken HIV advocates by surprise and stewed considerable confusion, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a generic formulation of Gilead Sciences' blockbuster antiretroviral (ARV) Truvada (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate/emtricitabine). This decision could have major implications for the future cost of Truvada, to insurers and consumers alike.
However, Gilead insisted in a statement, “A generic version of Truvada will not be immediately available. It's important to note that there are a number of factors involved in commercialization that are not tied directly to FDA approval.”
“It's not uncommon in patent settlement agreements for generics to negotiate language permitting full approvals months and years in advance of the settlement license date,” Tim Horn, deputy executive director of HIV and HCV programs at Treatment Action Group, told POZ. “Regardless, now is the time to start thinking seriously about the advantages, as well as the drawbacks, of generic products to prevent and treat HIV.”
The Gilead statement noted that the patent for the tenofovir disoproxil fumarate component of Truvada expires in July 2017 and that Gilead retains exclusive rights for the drug's pediatric use until January 2018. Meanwhile, the patent for emtricitabine, the other medication in Truvada, does not expire until 2021, according to Gilead.
The FDA approval grants Teva Pharmaceuticals the right to produce generic Truvada for the combination tablet's use as a component of an HIV treatment regimen and as pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP). Generic Truvada would come in the same form as the brand-name version: as a fixed-dose combination tablet, although the famous powder-blue color may change.
A Teva spokesperson confirmed the generic Truvada approval but said no further related information was available at this time. Consequently, it remains unclear what sort of exclusivity Teva may have to produce generic Truvada. Generic manufacturers often hold such exclusive rights for an initial period before competitors can also begin producing a particular generic medication and thus drive down prices.
As discovered by activist James Krellenstein, a June 5 FDA document added Truvada to the agency's list of medications that have been granted what is known as a paragraph IV patent certification. According to Martin Shimer, RPh, deputy director of the Office of Generic Drug Policy at the FDA, the paragraph IV certification for Truvada indicates that Teva applied for an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA), challenging Gilead's patent on the combination tablet and seeking the rights to produce a generic equivalent.
The paragraph IV certification does not mean the FDA has invalidated Truvada's patent. However, such an ultimate result is not necessarily off the table.
Addressing questions about the timing of generic Truvada's availability, Shimer said that the “FDA's ability to approve an ANDA often does not result in immediate marketing by the ANDA applicant that just gained approval.”
Shimer suggests that Teva and Gilead may ultimately develop private legal settlements that will spell out the near-term availability of generic Truvada. The FDA is often not privy to such settlement agreements, according to Shimer.
ACT UP and Treatment Action Group veteran Peter Staley expresses concern about how the introduction of a generic version of Truvada may affect out-of-pocket costs for individuals taking the tablet. “Gilead's patient and copay assistance programs have become central pillars in patient access,” he said. “They must maintain these programs, and Teva must establish equivalent or better assistance programs for their generic version.”
Signs look promising that Gilead will indeed continue supporting PrEP use among individuals at risk for HIV, at least in the near term. According to the company's statement, “Gilead believes Truvada for PrEP is an important HIV prevention tool and we remain committed to helping ensure access to our medications for people both at risk of or living with HIV.”
Correction : An earlier version of this article quoted the FDA's Jeffrey Murray, who stated that generic Truvada would now be available in the United States. Murray was mistaken; the FDA approval does not indicate that generic Truvada will in fact be available in the near term.
To see the FDA generic approval page, click here.
To read a collection of POZ articles on pre-exposure prophylaxis, click #PrEP, which includes the feature stories “PrEP: A Dream Deferred,” about how the prevention pill is failing to reach Black men who have sex with men; “Positive on PrEP,” a profile of three men who contracted HIV after starting PrEP; and “A Tale of Two Cities,” about the efforts of New York City and San Francisco to end their HIV epidemics. To learn the basics about PrEP and PEP, click here.
Benjamin Ryan is POZ's editor at large, responsible for science coverage. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter.
Royal Newfoundland Constabulary Chief Bill Janes is stepping down.
CBC News has learned that Janes informed the provincial government on Wednesday that he intends to leave the job in June.
Janes told the senior leadership of the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary in a meeting Wednesday afternoon.
A spokesperson for the RNC confirmed the departure late Wednesday night.
The chief's departure comes at a difficult time for the RNC, which is facing ongoing public criticism after a number of contentious cases.
Const. Carl Douglas Snelgrove's not guilty verdict on charges of sexual assault in February sparked protests and graffiti in downtown St. John's.
That verdict came at the same time public hearings were being held in a judical inquiry into the shooting death of 58-year-old Don Dunphy by Cst. Joe Smyth.
It also comes amid repeated reviews of the conduct of RNC Staff Sgt. Tim Buckle during a criminal investigation into one of his fellow officers.
Const. Joe Smyth, Const. Sean Kelly and Const. Carl Douglas Snelgrove have all faced trouble in the last year. (CBC)
Five senior members of the RNC are also being investigated by Nova Scotia's Serious Incident Response Team.
Sources have told CBC News the investigation is focused on the use of a criminal informant, who allegedly continued to commit crimes without being arrested by police officers.
The Royal Newfoundland Constabulary confirmed Janes' departure late Wednesday night. Further details are expected Thursday.
Minister had confidence, wanted action
In an interview with CBC News in March, Justice Minister Andrew Parsons said he had full confidence in Janes and the RNC, despite the many contentious issues facing the force.
He went on to say the police force needed to "show leadership" in times when public confidence is shaken.
Jane has served as chief of police since February 2014.
He joined the RNC in 1985.
LOGAR PROVINCE, Afghanistan (Reuters) - NATO forces have begun a new program to train Afghan soldiers to pinpoint ground targets for aircraft flying overhead, hoping that it will help stem militant advances in recent months and reverse a sharp rise in civilian casualties.
An Afghan Tactical Air Controller practices directing an air strike during an exercise at a range outside Kabul, Afghanistan, October 18, 2016. REUTERS/Josh Smith
The alliance has shifted most military responsibility on to Afghanistan's armed forces since it ended its main combat mission after 2014, including building up air capabilities that are crucial to holding back Taliban gains.
A growing number of mainly small Afghan aircraft have been firing increasingly powerful weapons at militants with little or no guidance from the ground, a problem that U.S. advisers like Lieutenant Colonel Andy Janssen are trying to address.
“When you're in the air, the picture of what's going on is vastly different than when you're on the ground,” he told Reuters during a recent training exercise in Logar province, just south of the capital Kabul.
“The ability to talk a pilot's eyes to the target effectively is huge. The effectiveness of the strikes goes up exponentially when you do that.”
About 60 students are currently at various levels in the program, with officials hoping to field nearly 100 so-called Afghan Tactical Air Controllers (ATACs) by March next year, in time for an expected seasonal upswing in Afghan Taliban fighting after mountain snows melt.
While air “spotters” are no guarantee that the right target will be hit, greater accuracy from air strikes is crucial on two fronts.
Afghan ground forces have struggled to contain a stubborn insurgency that is fighting to topple the Western-backed government and drive out foreign troops, and their reliance on effective air support is increasing.
And civilian casualties from air strikes have spiked this year, with 133 Afghans killed and 159 wounded in the first nine months of 2016, 72 percent up from the same year-ago period.
While no separate data were available for attacks carried out by Afghan, U.S. or NATO aircraft, the United Nations said two-thirds of this year's civilian casualties were caused by the local air force.
The UN also said Afghanistan had 41 aircraft capable of conducting air strikes by June, up from 28 at the end of last year.
PRACTICAL TRAINING
At a military range in Logar, students and pilots practise coordinating air strikes as warplanes and helicopters blast old cars set as targets on the ground.
The trainees used compasses, laser range finders, GPS devices and what Janssen called “very complicated” radios.
Afghan air force A-29 attack planes roared past as ATACs perched on a dusty hill consulted pages full of calculations and spoke by radio to the pilots overhead.
Nearby, U.S. advisers monitored the conversation, double-checking the process and interjecting with advice, corrections, or encouragement.
Once clearance was given, a plume of smoke appeared under the aircraft's wing followed by a blast of dust as rockets hit the training range.
Unlike American soldiers, who may undergo years of specialized certifications to direct air strikes, Afghans in the program will be deployed after five to six weeks of training, although instructors say they will receive more advanced training later.
SLOW START
Like the Afghan air force more broadly, which only began to expand rapidly in the last two years, the ATAC program has had a slow start.
In an initial program, soldiers were pulled from existing army units for training as ATACs, said Colonel Troy Henderson, commander of the U.S. Air Force's expeditionary advisory group in Kabul.
When they returned, however, many went back to other army jobs, rather than working to coordinate air cover.
“They didn't have positions set aside, so the newly trained ATACs were out guarding gates,” Henderson said. “We didn't foresee that problem when we started off.”
Under the new program, initiated in March, ATACs have been assigned directly to the air force, allowing them to focus on their specialized role, he added.
Janssen said the reforms were already paying off, with deployed ATACs playing a more effective role in air operations.
During a recent operation in northern Afghanistan, an Afghan aircraft was 30 seconds from launching an air strike when an ATAC called it off because two goat herders had walked into the area.
“If the ATAC hadn't been there, then there could have possibly been a couple civilians hurt from the strike,” Janssen said.
As the Taliban insurgency has spread, and Afghans have less access to back-up from U.S. planes and helicopters, civilian casualties caused by the Afghan air force have surpassed those attributed to international air strikes for the first time.
Other incidents this year have claimed the lives of Afghan soldiers and police caught in so-called “friendly fire” air strikes.
Slideshow (7 Images)
The ATAC trainees see their role as key to preventing more deaths in errant air assaults.
“We can take our coordinates and the enemy coordinates to prevent civilian casualties and hitting the wrong target,” said Lieutenant Mohammad Akram, one of the trainees, after he practiced guiding in a bomb.
“This is our duty, to save people's lives.”
Daniel Koster hasn't added a story.
Wekiva Atheist and Secular Alliance, a club at Wekiva High School, wants to go to Columbus, OH for Secular Student Alliance's national conference. There they will learn about leadership, make connections in the secular movement, and show off their accomplishments as a club. Because the club is made up of High School Students, many of whom are college-bound, dropping several hundred dollars on a road trip is not a viable option. We need help for gas, registration, housing, and maybe a little bit of food. Any left over funds will go toward the club's activities in the coming school year. With your help, we can lower the cost each student has to pay to take part in this spectacular opportunity. Your donation is an investment in the future of the secular movement!
A conservative lawyer and activist has filed the first federal court challenge to President Barack Obama's executive actions to restrict firearm ownership, arguing that the president's moves violate the Constitution.
Larry Klayman, a former U.S. Justice Department lawyer who heads the conservative advocacy group Freedom Watch, filed the lawsuit Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
In the suit, Klayman contends that Obama overstepped his executive authority by attempting to rewrite laws enacted by Congress without going through the lawmakers.
Earlier this month, Obama announced several executive actions to restrict gun ownership further, including an expansion of the federal government's definition of who is considered “engaged in the business” of selling guns.
The shift requires a broad number of gun dealers who currently aren't encompassed by federal law or regulation to obtain a federal license and conduct background checks on customers purchasing firearms.
Klayman, who founded and is chairman of Freedom Watch, said in the complaint that the president doesn't have the legal authority to redefine congressional statutes and that his action “burdens” and compromises Americans' Second Amendment rights. He wrote:
These actions are unconstitutional abuses of the president's and executive branch's role in our nation's constitutional architecture and exceed the powers of the president as set forth in the U.S. Constitution.
Klayman also argues that the Obama administration is “fundamentally transforming” the federal definition of who is considered a gun dealer as set forth by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Because that agency already has determined how it interprets who is “in the business” of selling firearms, Klayman said, it is “capricious” for the administration to implement a new definition “for no other reason than the political preferences” of federal officials who were elected temporarily.
Before announcing the executive actions, Obama said he was “confident” they were “well within” his legal authority and “entirely consistent” with the Second Amendment.
The administration aimed the changes at unregistered dealers, who Obama argues are able to sidestep background checks by selling at gun shows, online, and other venues not covered by law.
Obama also ordered the FBI to overhaul its background check system and conduct checks 24 hours a day, seven days a week. To adjust to the changes, the FBI is to hire more than 230 new employees to process applications.
The president also requested $500 million to increase access to mental health care.
Obama said the measures would help “keep guns out of the wrong hands.”
Klayman counters that the executive actions infringe on his rights and put him at legal risk if the new rules are upheld.
He asked the court to declare Obama's actions unlawful and unconstitutional.
“I want my constitutional rights respected and look to the courts to do the right thing,” Klayman wrote for WorldNetDaily. “Obama, as was true with his illegal immigration executive orders, cannot be allowed to act like a king.”
Klayman has filed other lawsuits against Obama administration actions, including those relaxing immigration law.
Being likable is entirely under your control. All it takes is the ability to pick up a few key social skills that build emotional intelligence. To help you out, we sifted through the Quora thread "What are useful social skills that can be picked up quickly?" and highlighted our favorite answers. Here are 11 simple ways to start crafting a "million-dollar personality" and be the most likable person in the room: Slides View As: One Page
2. Put your smartphone in your pocket. And keep it there until your conversation or meeting is over. Basil Chiasson puts it simply: "Pay attention. Look at them. Stop what you're doing. No interruptions." This is another simple yet effective habit that can be executed immediately and does not require any effort or skill.
3. Call people by name. The next time someone greets you by name or uses your name mid-conversation, remember how great that feels. If you have trouble putting names to faces, try different strategies, such as writing them down or using imagery or rhymes associated with the name. Quora user Howard Lee suggests repeating names verbally when you're first introduced and then twice more in your head.
4. Smile. Don't underestimate the power of smiling. Additionally, laugh and tell jokes, recommends Quora user Craig Fraser. People unconsciously mirror the body language of the person they're talking to. If you want to be likable, use positive body language and people will naturally return the favor.
5. Give a firm handshake. "Not too hard, certainly not limp and soft, and with no dominance play," writes Tony Vincent. Research shows that people decide whether or not they like you within seconds of meeting you. A firm handshake contributes largely to that first impression, as do strong posture and positive body language.
6. Listen. Listen more than you speak, says Quora user Mark Bridgeman: "You have two ears, only one mouth. That's the ratio you should use them with."
7. Don't just listen — actively listen. Simply hearing words doesn't cut it. Likable people truly listen to the person they're talking to. Active listening requires four steps, writes Chiasson: hearing, interpreting, evaluating, and responding. Step one requires dropping what you're doing and paying attention. Next, "paraphrase what you've heard and ask clarifying questions," she suggests. Evaluating means steering clear of quick judgment and jumping to conclusions: "Make sure you have all the pertinent information before forming or expressing an opinion." Finally, "give feedback to let the speaker know that you heard them," she writes.
8. Flatter people. "This grabs people directly by their ego and is therefore extremely effective," writes Julian Reisinger. He suggests using conversation openers that make the other person feel like an expert, such as "You know a lot about social marketing, don't you?" or "Do you know why I always get this error message?" This way, you learn something new and the other person gets to feel needed. "It's as easy as that, it's a win-win, and it works 100% of the time," Reisinger says.
9. Know how to accept a compliment. Accepting a compliment can be tricky because you don't want to seem egotistical. But you also don't want to mumble a "Thanks, you too" because that makes you seem self-conscious and socially inept. So instead of giving phrases like "You look 10 times better than me" or "It was all thanks to you," Reisinger suggests accepting the compliment with confidence by using phrases like "Thanks! Hearing that feels really good" or "Thank you! What an amazing experience."
10. If someone is interrupted, ask them to continue. Everyone has been that person who is telling a story, gets interrupted, and then has to awkwardly stand by, wondering if anyone was even listening to you. Milena Rangelov says that you can be that person's liberator by saying something like, "Hey, can you please finish your story about the bicycle ride? The last thing you mentioned is that dogs started following you. Can I hear the rest, please?" You will instantly put the speaker at ease and make them feel appreciated, she writes.
Or swipe to cycle through songs
Your frames function the way you want them to. Use the app to pair gestures with custom actions tied to your phone, like hearing the current time, weather, activity summary, and more.
Vue ensures you're safe whether you're a pedestrian, cyclist or driver. Hear turn-by-turn navigation without having to look at your phone. Vue's open ear design allows you to listen to directions, music or calls without blocking your ears, so you can still hear traffic and the world around you. While driving, Vue checks if you're looking down or outside the window for long periods of time and alerts you. Audio and LED notifications can help to nudge you back into focus, helping you to avoid accidents and get home safe.
When was the last time you stuck a USB into your glasses to charge it? We never had to, either, and that's why we made Vue easy to charge. Just pop it into the case overnight or when you're not using it, and Vue will get charged automatically. With the charging case, Vue's battery lasts up to one week.
Vue turns on automatically only when you put them on, and enters low power mode when you take them off, enabling your glasses to conserve more power.
The launch of Vue is just the beginning. That's why we're opening up our API for developers to create their own custom gestures and features. Developers can access sensors in the frames, including the accelerometer, gyroscope and touchpad, to enable entirely new features for Vue.
Some of our early experimental features:
Nod to answer a call
Tilt your head to cycle songs
Shake your head to ignore a call
Detect your sitting and standing posture
And many more
Vue comes in two styles of frames, classic and trendy.
Vue comes in a choice of three colors: black, brown or white.
Vue's temple piece (sides of the frames) comes in the following styles:
Prescription Lenses
Sunglasses
After the campaign closes, we'll send out a survey for you to pick your color and lens options.
We're happy to have a solid prototype that we can take to contract manufacturers. Check out a few demos of the features in these videos below.
Audio
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Activity Tracking
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Mobile App
How well does bone conduction audio work?
Bone conduction technology allows you to hear audio while still being able to hear surroundings, which is useful when you still want to hear people talking to you, or hear traffic while driving, cycling or walking. It's also an alternative to people concerned about potential hearing damage caused by earbuds.
We're working on refining the technology including designing the bone conduction pad to touch the correct part of your head on all head sizes, as well as reducing sound leakage from the frames so that all sounds gets transmitted to you directly without getting dispersed to guarantee high enough volume.
Our team was inspired to come together because of a common frustration—smart glasses have never seemed to be designed for people who actually wear glasses. With that in mind, we set out to design a pair of smart glasses with valuable features that we would love to wear each and every day.
Over the past year we've created dozens of 3D printed and CNC prototypes, met with various electronics manufacturers, visited frames and lens factories, and worked to get Vue ready for manufacturing. Now we need funds for injection molds, FDA registration, and FCC/CE certifications.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Our team met at the University of Pennsylvania and have worked together for more than 4 years. We have a diverse set of backgrounds—ranging from fashion and user interaction design, to medical devices and consumer electronics, to industrial design and manufacturing. We also participated in HAX—the world's first and largest hardware accelerator, whose resources and mentorship we will have at our disposal beyond the campaign.
We have also built and shipped products before—most recently a smart Bluetooth headset Vigo. Our experience with that headset exposed us to all parts of the production process, including manufacturing in large volumes and shipping to 40 countries around the world. We also learned a lot about mistakes and delays that are commonplace in manufacturing. Ultimately, that experience is an asset to Vue—we aren't going in empty-handed. We're marching forward with a deep knowledge of manufacturing and shipping, including having worked on tooling, injection molding, PCB design and assembly, audio quality testing, noise cancellation optimization, FCC/CE certification, packaging design, and international supply chain logistics.
Thanks to our videographer Antony Bui and photographer Vitaly Vyazovsky. Thanks also to our friends from HAX, including Carv, Trainerbot, Petcube, Revols, Kokoon, Wazer and Nura for their help and advice. And last, thanks to all our mentors in the HAX community, including Duncan Turner, Qiyu Wu, Peter Wang, Laura Hu and more.
SOMERVILLE — Mike Moccia and Yasser Mirza just don't get along. Make that: They detest each other.
The two own side-by-side breakfast nooks in Somerville's burgeoning Ball Square, and their rivalry — of food and vitriol — is the stuff of neighborhood lore.
Separated by only a wall, Mirza, of Sound Bites Cafe, and Moccia, of the next-door Ball Square Cafe, have spent the past three years hurling insults and accusations at each other while serving up nearly identical menus of stuffed French toast, gourmet omelettes, and muffins. Restaurant inspectors, police, and the mayor's office are all long-familiar with the feud. Even the Travel Channel heard of it and sought recently to capitalize on their animosity with a breakfast wars cook-off.
But now, the rivalry has come to blows. Outside their restaurants one recent afternoon, one attacked the other. Moccia said he punched his rival after Mirza spat on him. Mirza said Moccia beat him up for no reason. He has filed an assault complaint and hired a lawyer. Somerville officials, along with Ball Square business leaders, are desperately seeking ways to repair the relationship.
“It's so sad that this has degenerated to the Hatfields and the McCoys and the Civil War,'' said Jack Connolly, a longtime Somerville alderman who has frequented both establishments and knows both men.
The feud dates at least to 2007, when there was no Ball Square Cafe and Mirza, a Syrian immigrant, was doing a booming business with Sound Bites. At the time, his restaurant was in the space now occupied by Ball Square Cafe, and Mirza rented from landlords who happened to be Moccia's parents. Facing a rent increase, Mirza says, he was forced to move. He bought the space next door and started over.
Moccia, meanwhile, had been working at the nearby Victor's Deli, also owned by his parents. He says he had been looking for a change. And shortly after Mirza moved out, Moccia opened his restaurant in the space. He lured away Mirza's prized chef, Omar Djebbouri, made him a business partner, and began serving breakfast, putting on the menu a number of Mirza's offerings.
“I was inspired by Yasser,'' Moccia said. “He had a great business. I just saw how hot breakfast was, and it seemed like it was the thing to do.''
Both men, by all accounts, do a land-office business, attracting crowds that line up outside both restaurants, and Mirza says his continuing success has irked Moccia.
“He doesn't like that I'm successful,'' said Mirza, “even though he took my cook and stole my menu.''
Whether you are camping in the woods for a weekend or staying out for weeks, this bushcraft camping outfit is a good base model. It forms my standard bushcraft camping kit-list.
One of the considerations for my kit is that it has to provide good durability for the cost. I don't mind paying good money for kit but it has to last well. My bushcraft equipment gets a lot of use and it needs to be able to withstand weeks and weeks of continuous use. Most of the kit featured in this article I've had for years. Much of it has been to several continents. This kit has stood the test of time. The kit that didn't live up to the job has fallen by the wayside.
A Modular Approach
As I've mentioned in other articles, I take a modular approach to my wilderness bushcraft equipment. A modular system allows everything to dovetail nicely. This system helps me to quickly pack yet ensure I have everything I need, as well as cut out excess “just in case” equipment. Applying this system to my camping outfit means my essential wilderness equipment, personal wilderness first aid kit and my bushcraft survival kit, or “possibles pouch”, therefore form part of the kit below. In the field, I have a place for everything and everything in its place.
Reduction
One thing I've learnt over the years is that less is often more. Keep your wilderness equipment outfit as simple and streamlined as possible. I try to minimise the amount of kit I have while maximising its functionality. The kit below is my distillation down to an outfit that works for me. I have used this bushcraft equipment while travelling in wild places as well as running bushcraft courses for many weeks on end.
Bushcraft Camping Equipment
Shelter and Sleeping Kit
1. Sleeping bag. I have a number of sleeping bags and I choose one to suit the season and the activity. When weight is a critical factor, I choose a goose down bag; other times I take a synthetic bag – synthetic bags tend to be more robust, cheaper to replace and easier (and cheaper) to clean.
2. Sleeping mat. I find self-inflating mattresses more comfortable than closed-cell foam mats. I use a three-quarter length mat to save on space and weight.
3. Bivvy Bag. I have a number of different bivvy bags but the one I use most is the standard UK military bag. It is simple, durable, roomy, not too heavy and relatively inexpensive (particularly if you buy a grade 1 surplus bag). I've added a stuff sac to keep it in. A tip on folding your bivvy bag – it's better to stuff it than fold it; repeated folding of a breathable membrane such as Gore-Tex in the same place can reduce it's ability to keep water out. So just stuff your bivvy bag randomly.
4. Tarp. A decent-sized tarp creates a fantastic space under which to live, not just sleep. You get much more room than you do in a tent. For most of the year it is my favourite way of sleeping out in the woods. You wake up fresh and in the environment around you, not shut off from it. There are lots of models of tarp on the market, many of them good but my favourite these days is the Hilleberg XP10. It is around the same weight as a military hootchie/basha but gives over twice the room. Its dimensions are 3.5 x 3.0 m (11.5 x 10 ft), giving a 10 square-metre covered space. Whenever I use a tarp I also pack a length of cord that I tie to the trees from which the tarp is suspended, running the cord under the apex of the tarp. This gives me a line inside the tarp on which I can hang equipment (such as my head-torch for easy reach in the night), as well as being able to air sleeping kit, socks, etc. under the tarp without fear of it getting wet in a rain shower.
Carrying Kit
5. Rucksack. Everyone has their preferences. For this outfit, the Karrimor SF Sabre 45 works well for me. I use Arktis side pockets as I like the draw-cord closures and clip-buckle fastening (as opposed to zip). I've replaced the drawstring closures with better quality cord and removed a lot of excess webbing straps from the rucksack and side-pockets.
6. Rucksack liner. I use an Ortleib dry bag as my rucksack liner. It's not the lightest in the world but it's tough and, when fastened, it's completely submersible.
Cooking and Water
7. Billy Can. The ubiquitous Zebra Stainless Steel Billy Can. It's pretty bomb-proof and I've had mine for years. I admit they are also pretty heavy. I keep it in an old nylon stuff sack to stop the soot on the outside of the can getting all over the rest of my kit. Inside the billy I keep a collapsible wash bowl and a collapsible water bag, that I use in camp.
8. Water purifier. My first choice of method for making water safe to drink is boiling. A fire isn't always convenient or practical, however, particularly when you are on the move. For the occasions when I don't have a fire, I use the highly effective and easy-to-use Pre-Mac MWP.
9. Spoon. The only eating utensil I take.
10. Water bottle and metal mug. As discussed here, for me these are essential wilderness equipment.
11. Second water bottle. I like to have 2 litres water-carrying capacity as a minimum.
Personal Hygiene
12. Toilet kit. For visits to the latrine. This is an extra-small Exped dry bag containing toilet paper, wet wipes, alcohol hand-gel and a cigarette lighter.
13. Wash kit. Hygiene in the outdoors is important. Aim for a small, simple yet effective kit. My baseline kit is a toothbrush, toothpaste, soap and a razor. For a shaving mirror, I use the sighting mirror on my compass (see 29 below).
Clothing
14. Waterproof shell. There are some fantastic lightweight waterproofs on the market these days, primarily aimed at hill-walking and mountaineering. They are great for the purpose and I have my fair share in the wardrobe but they are too easily trashed in a woodland environment. For pushing through undergrowth, carry firewood on your shoulders, etc., you need something tougher. Not to mention the risks posed by fires. A high-quality and durable waterproof jacket (Norrona Recon Jacket is pictured but by no means the only choice) that will keep out the rain hour after hour, combined with a cheap yet durable and effective pair of waterproof trousers (mine were £20 from E-bay) is my preference.
15. Heavy warm layer. The classic Swandri wool shirts are great in the woods and safe near fires. They are a lot more durable than a woollen pullover.
16. Spare clothes. Spare socks, underwear and t-shirt.
17. Lightweight warm layer. An Ulfrotte 200g top – lightweight and warm – stuffed in a stuff sac. These garments can also be worn in your sleeping bag on unexpectedly cold nights. I've seen lots of these tops ruined by people wearing them as an outer layer, as a sweater. They are not made for this, they are designed to be underwear. The loop-stitching is easily pulled. Wear something over the top of it – even a light cotton shirt will protect it well. In this stuff sac I also stuff items such as 18, 19, and 20, when I'm not using them.
18. Bandana. Large cotton bandana. This has lots of uses – from a scarf to a towel to a rough water filter to an emergency triangular bandage.
19. Warm hat. A light but warm hat should always be in your kit, whatever time of year. Heat loss through your head can be considerable.
20. Sun hat. Even in the woods a hat to keep the sun off your head on hot days makes a big difference to how clearly you can think and how tired you become. A brim keeps the sun out of your eyes and stops your ears getting burnt. This type of bush hat is also good for breaking up the shape of your head and casting a shadow on your face – an advantage when you want to remain unseen by wildlife.
Equipment
21. Head-torch. A head-torch is less critical in the summer months, when the nights are short, than earlier or later in the year. That said, I always take one. The Petzl TAC Tikka Plus is a good, lightweight general purpose model.
22. Axe. You don't need an axe to go camping in the woods but if you know how to use one safely it's a fantastic tool. I've had my Gransfors Bruks Small Forest Axe for many years and it's like an old friend.
23. Bushcraft knife. The essential bushcraft tool, is discussed more in another article here.
24. Folding saw. A Bahco Laplander saw together with a bushcraft knife makes a powerful combination.
25. Swedish Firesteel. This simple piece of kit is a very dependable means of lighting a fire. I discussed the Firesteel more in an earlier article.
26. Possibles Pouch. Put as little or as much in this as you like. For ideas see my article How to Build a Survival Kit on Bushcraft Principles
27. First Aid Kit. For more details see this article A Personal Wilderness First Aid Kit.
28. Map and map case. I've used many map cases over the years (and suffered a lot of soggy maps). I find Ortleib map cases are the most effective at keeping my maps dry. If I need to carry additional maps, I keep them in a large Aloksak .
29. Compass. The Silva Ranger 15TDCL (Silva have since changed the name to Silva Expedition 15TDCL) is the compass I use. See this article for more details.
30. Notebook and cover. A notebook is always useful for keeping notes of important information, keeping a diary, making sketches, etc.
31. Binoculars. For me binoculars are an essential piece of equipment. Bushcraft is ultimately not about kit (despite what you might be led to believe by the above article!) but about a study of nature. Binoculars are a key tool in your study of nature. Whether you are watching fallow deer through the woods or close-focusing on a nearby butterfly, the use of binoculars allows you to observe so much more while remaining unnoticed.
Everyone has their own personal choice of bushcraft camping equipment. The wilderness bushcraft kit above has been honed to my preferences over years of work and leisure in woodland environments. But everyone is different. What do you prefer to take when you camp in the woods? Which bushcraft kit items are indispensible to you? Let me and other readers know your thoughts in the comments section.
Related Articles on Paul Kirtley's Blog:
Essential Wilderness Equipment – 7 Items I Never Leave Home Without.
How to Build a Bushcraft Survival Kit.
A Personal Wilderness First Aid Kit: What to Include?”
The Importance of Leaving Word Before Heading Into the Wild
Show full PR text
Zero Motorcycles Announces 2011 Product Line With Comprehensive Upgrades
and a Quick-Charge Option Across All Four Models
Highly Refined New Motorcycles, A Solid Business Strategy, Support and Availability in March
SANTA CRUZ, CA (February 8, 2011) – Zero Motorcycles, today announced its highly anticipated 2011 product line alongside a strategy for continued leadership of the global electric motorcycle industry. The only company to offer a complete lineup, Zero Motorcycles has made sweeping technical improvements as well as added a contemporary new look to each of its four models, including a complete overhaul of the Zero S and the Zero DS. Every model is now 'quick-charge' capable using an optional upgrade that allows the motorcycles to charge nearly twice as fast. In addition, for the first time on an electric motorcycle, riders can now take advantage of J1772 public charging stations by using an optional accessory. This offers riders greater mobility by giving them access to a rapidly growing network of charge stations. The entire lineup is equipped with upgraded suspension systems, a more intelligent and rugged Z-Force powertrain, more precise charge indicators, new higher performance brakes and industry-standard component features to provide owners with more aftermarket options. Other highlights to the product line include street legal configurations of the dirt bikes and a new maintenance free belt drive for the street and dual sport models.
"During the past year, our Engineering and Manufacturing teams have benefitted from experienced new leadership and the results are clear. In close coordination, they have been working overtime to design and build the world's finest collection of electric motorcycles," said Gene Banman, CEO of Zero Motorcycles. "Our 2011 model line is composed of exceptionally high quality electric motorcycles that balance performance, range, weight, affordability and availability. We are excited to announce such major changes across the entire model line and to also be setting new industry standards in the way we report on our motorcycles' performance specifications."
Nearly every component of the Zero S and Zero DS has seen major upgrades and improvements. With a bold and completely new look, the street and dual sport models will become the world's first production electric motorcycles to feature a maintenance free belt drive system. The quiet operation of the drivetrain, when combined with each of the motorcycles' overall improvements, yields a sophisticated silence during riding that speaks to their overall solid build quality. Zero has also increased the capacity of the power packs by 12.5% to improve the motorcycles' range. Among the other upgrades are more robust wheels, a new HB Performance braking system, tires with better grip, more robust hardware, new aggressive profile foot pegs and an integrated ignition switch and lock. Unique to the Zero S, it has been lowered by two inches to improve street handling and the new overall package gives it an eye-catching naked look.
Zero Motorcycles has also made major changes to its off-road line. For the first time, the company will deliver street-legal configurations of both its trail and motocross dirt bikes, Zero X and Zero MX respectively. The ability to legally ride the electric off-road motorcycles on the street opens countless new possibilities for enthusiasts as well as a new market for Zero. Street-legal versions include additional components such as headlights, taillights, sidestands, dashes, sensors and different gearing.
Both the Zero X and Zero MX are better performing and more robust than ever before. They have stouter wheels, new tires, a more robust HB Performance braking system, new aggressive foot pegs and an integrated ignition switch and lock. Their motors are energized using a beautifully refined aluminum power pack that is highly durable and easy to swap in less than sixty seconds. To maximize control, Zero has customized each motorcycles' suspension internals to give them a more fluid and compliant motion under rough conditions. Unique to only the Zero MX, the 2011 model uses a motor mounted Z-Force Air Induction System to cool its new and more powerful Agni motor. Designed to ride harder, faster and longer, it represents the most competitive dirt bike that Zero has released to consumers.
The Zero S, Zero DS, Zero X and Zero MX are all available now through Zero Motorcycles' website and will begin shipping in March. Each of the models carries a two year limited warranty. This is currently the best warranty offering in the electric motorcycle industry and is backed by an international service and support network. Zero operates on a strategy of building a 'better motorcycle' wherein each model balances performance, range, weight, affordability and availability. To consumers this translates into owning a high quality motorcycle that is supported by a company with a solid business foundation.
Zero S – Street
Instant torque and power from a standstill, plus smooth acceleration as you race out of turns-all without ever needing to stop at a gas station. Developed to aggressively take on urban environments and encourage the occasional detour, the Zero S electric motorcycle integrates revolutionary technology with innovative motorcycle design. Built from the ground up using Zero Motorcycles' proprietary Z-Force power pack and aircraft grade alloy frame, the Zero S features an industry leading power-to-weight ratio that increases its range and maneuverability. It has a range of 43 miles using the newly adopted MIC's prescribed "Driving Range Test Procedure for Electric Motorcycles," which is based on the EPA's UDDS testing, and it has a homologated top speed of 67 MPH. The Zero S is designed for optimal performance off the line, in sharp turns and while navigating obstacles. Instant acceleration and lightweight design enable the Zero S to take on any city street, hill or obstacle, combining exhilaration with efficiency.
The Zero S is priced at $9,995. It is eligible for a 10% Federal tax credit which effectively reduces the price by $1,000 to a total of $8995. Some states and provinces offer additional incentives. The motorcycle can be purchased online now and will begin shipping in the United States during mid-March. The Zero S comes with a 2-year limited warranty.
Zero DS - Dual Sport
The Zero DS combines innovation with passion to deliver the world's most versatile electric motorcycle. Created to be agile in the dirt and quick on the street, the Zero DS represents a new kind of freedom. Tough when you demand it and distinguished when required, the Zero DS has an edgy, yet sophisticated appearance highlighted by an eye-catching twin spar frame that is both rigid and lightweight. Powered by the most advanced drive-train in the industry, the Zero DS is a fully electric motorcycle that can handle any surface you can throw at it. Navigating obstacles and maintaining control is assured using a specially developed suspension system and a rugged wheel set. During technical maneuvers, an optimized direct drive belt system delivers astonishing responsiveness with the twist of your wrist.
The Zero DS is priced at $10,495. It is eligible for a 10% Federal tax credit which effectively reduces the price by $1,040 to a total of $9,455. The motorcycle can be purchased online now and will begin shipping in the United States during mid-March. The Zero DS comes with a 2-year limited warranty.
Zero MX
The Zero MX takes Zero's revolutionary electric motorcycle technology to the track. Designed for smooth landings, the Zero MX uses a newly-developed suspension system to absorb aggressive terrain. Incredibly tough and lightweight, the Zero MX combines the state-of-the-art Z-Force™ battery technology with an ultra-light frame design, making it agile and fast where it counts most. The custom suspension system makes the Zero MX highly responsive while maintaining an industry leading power-to-weight ratio. Easily swappable, riders can purchase an additional power pack to extend their riding. Silent and featuring a more powerful Forced Air Induction Agni motor, the Zero MX opens up a whole new world of riding possibilities.
The Zero MX starts at $9,495. A Federal tax credit can be applied to the street-legal versions of the off-road models if they are purchased with a second power pack. Some countries or states may offer incentives. The motorcycle can be purchased online now and will begin shipping in the United States during mid-March. The Zero MX comes with a 2-year limited warranty.
Zero X
The Zero X is a performance electric motorcycle that takes technical trail riding to the next level. Using Zero's patented Z-Force™ technology, this stealthy motorcycle will send you racing up hills, flying over jumps, and cutting through streams. The Zero X is built from the ground up for quick handling and maneuverability. Custom valved suspension, direct drive gearing and weight optimized components allow riders to master demanding terrain. Lightweight, silent and quick, the Zero X opens up trail riding possibilities that would otherwise be out of the question. To extend ride times customers have the option to purchase an extra power pack that can be swapped with a quick pit stop.
The Zero X starts at $7,995. A Federal tax credit can be applied to the street-legal versions of the off-road models if they are purchased with a second power pack. Some countries or states may offer incentives. The motorcycle can be purchased online now and will begin shipping in the United States during mid-March. The Zero X comes with a 2-year limited warranty.
About Zero Motorcycles
Zero Motorcycles is committed to transforming the motorcycling experience by bringing to market highly innovative electric motorcycles that offer exceptional value and performance. Zero is powered by innovation, driven by passion, guided by integrity, and measured by results. Through extensive research, insight and experience, Zero combines the art and science of motorcycle development to create and manufacture products that excite consumers and inspire brand loyalty. Zero is determined to be the pre-eminent global electric motorcycle company.
From internal threats to creative ransomware to the industrial Internet of Things, security experts illuminate business cybersecurity threats likely to materialize in the next year.
Video: Follow these tips to protect your network from ransomware Ransomware is a growing trend. Here's what you need to do to stop it.
If 2016 was the year hacking went mainstream, 2017 will be the year hackers innovate, said Adam Meyer, chief security strategist at SurfWatch Labs. Meyer analyzes large and diverse piles of data to help companies identify emerging cyber-threat trends. "2017 will be the year of increasingly creative [hacks]," he said. In the past, cybersecurity was considered the realm of IT departments, Meyer explained, but no longer. As smart companies systematically integrate security into their systems, the culture hackers too will evolve.
"Cybercriminals follow the money trail," Meyer said, and smart companies should adopt proactive policies. Ransomware attacks grew quickly, he said, because the attacks are "cheap to operate, and many organizations are not yet applying the proper analysis and decision-making to appropriately defend against this threat."
SEE: How risk analytics can help your organization plug security holes (Tech Pro Research)
It's equally cheap to identify internal vulnerability to hacks and to apply preventative best practices, Meyer said. But for many companies it's not as easy to understand the cybersecurity threats most likely to impact business. To help, TechRepublic spoke with a number of prominent security experts about their predictions for near-future cybersecurity trends likely to impact enterprise and small business in 2017.
Cyber-offense and cyber-defense capacities will increase - Mark Testoni, CEO at SAP's national security arm, NS2
We will see an increased rate of sharing of cyber capabilities between the commercial and government spaces. Commercial threat intelligence capabilities will be adopted more broadly by organizations and corporations... High performance computing (HPC), in conjunction with adaptive machine learning (ML) capabilities, will be an essential part of network flow processing because forensic analysis can't stop an impending attack. HPC + adaptive ML capabilities will be required to implement real-time network event forecasting based on prior network behavior and current network operations... [Companies will] use HPC and adaptive ML to implement real-time behavior and pattern analysis to evaluate all network activity based on individual user roles and responsibilities to identify potential individuals within an organization that exhibit "out of the ordinary" tendencies with respect to their use of corporate data and application access.
Ransomware and extortion will increase - Stephen Gates, chief research intelligence analyst at NSFOCUS
The days of single-target ransomware will soon be a thing of the past. Next-generation ransomware paints a pretty dark picture as the self-propagating worms of the past, such as Conficker, Nimda, and Code Red, will return to prominence—but this time they will carry ransomware payloads capable of infecting hundreds of machines in an incredibly short timespan. We have already seen this start to come to fruition with the recent attack on the San Francisco Municipal Transport Agency, where over 2,000 systems were completely locked with ransomware and likely spread on its own as a self-propagating worm. As cybercriminals become more adept at carrying out these tactics, there is a good chance that these attacks will become more common.
As more devices become internet-enabled and accessible and the security measures in place continue to lag behind, the associated risks are on the rise. Aside from the obvious risks for attacks on consumer IoT devices, there is a growing threat against industrial and municipal IoT as well. As leading manufacturers and grid power producers transition to Industry 4.0, sufficient safeguards are lacking. Not only do these IoT devices run the risk of being used to attack others, but their vulnerabilities leave them open to being used against the industrial organizations operating critical infrastructure themselves. This can lead to theft of intellectual property, collecting competitive intelligence, and even the disruption or destruction of critical infrastructure. Not only is the potential scale of these attacks larger, most of these industrial firms do not have the skills in place to deal with web attacks in real-time, which can cause long-lasting, damaging results. This alone will become one of the greatest threats that countries and corporations need to brace themselves for in 2017 and beyond.
Industrial IoT hacks will increase - Adam Meyer, chief security strategist at SurfWatch Labs
IoT security threats have been talked about, but not really worried about by most because a serious incident had yet to occur. With the 2016 DDoS attack on Dyn, and the ripple effect it created, we will see more scrutiny on security within the IoT marketplace. Vendors will work in new security precautions, but at the same time, criminals will also increase their attention on new ways to leverage IoT devices for their own malicious purposes. There are plenty of "As-A- Service" attack capabilities on the Dark Web for hire now and we should expect creative new IoT hack services to pop up in the near future.
Internal threats will increase - James Maude, senior security engineer at Avecto
As organizations adopt more effective strategies to defeat malware, attackers will shift their approach and start to use legitimate credentials and software—think physical insiders, credential theft, man-in-the-app. The increased targeting of social media and personal email bypasses many network defenses, like email scans and URL filters. The most dangerous aspect is how attackers manipulate victims with offers or threats that they would not want to present to an employer, like employment offers or illicit content. Defenders will begin to appreciate that inconsistent user behaviors are the most effective way to differentiate malware and insider threats from safe and acceptable content.
SEE: Threat intelligence: Forewarned is forearmed (Tech Pro Research)
A big part of the challenge with cyberattacks is how businesses think threats can be filtered at the perimeter. Be warned that this is not the case. Attackers are aware of how to directly target users and endpoints using social engineering. The industry needs to be more proactive in thinking about how to reduce the attack surface, as opposed to chasing known threats and detecting millions of unknown threats. With an increasingly mobile workforce and threats coming through both personal and business devices and services, the impact of perimeter defenses has decreased. Security needs to be built from the endpoint outwards.
Business security spending will increase - Ed Solis, Director of Strategy & Business Development at CommScope
Security is part of every business and IT discussion these days and it will only become more intense in 2017. We see an increase in the demand for video for surveillance, both for government and private businesses. This issue includes physical security—securing the building, people, and assets—as well as network and data security... In 2017, security conversations will continue to intensify around not only securing data and networks but physical security as well-think buildings, people, and assets. We also expect to see an increased demand for video surveillance across the public sector and private business.
SEE: Cybersecurity spotlight: The ransomware battle (Tech Pro Research)
Security will no longer be an afterthought - Signal Sciences' Co-Founder & Chief Security Officer, Zane Lackey
2017 will be a critical year for security, starting with how it's built into technology. DevOps and security will change the way they work together as they realize the need to integrate with each other in order to survive. With IoT on the rise, security will continue to be the primary obstacle preventing consumers from fully welcoming connected devices into their homes and lifestyles. Consumers and businesses are getting smarter and security vendors will be held more accountable in keeping them safe.
Cybersecurity Insider Newsletter Strengthen your organization's IT security defenses by keeping abreast of the latest cybersecurity news, solutions, and best practices. Delivered Tuesdays and Thursdays Sign up today
Read more
They are the couple who made history last year when the transgender 'father' fell pregnant by the trans 'mother'.
And now, four months after giving birth to their first child, Fernando Machado - who was born a woman - and his partner Diane Rodriguez - who was born a man - have revealed they want to expand their brood.
The new parents, from Ecuador, have opened up about life with their new baby after becoming the first transgender couple to fall pregnant in South America.
Transgender man Fernando Machado (left) - who was born a woman - gave birth to a baby in June this year, pictured with his partner Diane Rodriguez (right) - who was born a man
They have not yet announced the name of the newborn baby - but the 16-week-old is affectionately referred to as Caraote - which means 'the snail'.
'We are the same as other families. Even though we might not have the same rights, we're the same,' Mr Machado, who gave birth in June, told the BBC.
'We don't have a name yet - or rather we do - we are just waiting to announce it.'
Ms Rodriguez, who was born male - as Luis - spoke about how she never thought she would know the joy of being a parent.
The couple who made history last year when Mr Machado (pictured) fell pregnant by his transgender partner
The new parents, from Ecuador, have opened up about life with their new baby after becoming the first transgender couple to fall pregnant in South America
'Being a mother was never something I thought I would do because I am a transsexual,' she said.
'The law before demanded that to be recognised as a woman you had to be castrated.'
Ms Rodriguez headlines in her native country in 2013, when she became the first transgender candidate to run for Congress.
She has previously spoken of how she struggled in the wake of coming out to her family, who shunned her and forced her to live on the streets.
Ms Rodriguez has even been abducted several times.
Mr Machado and Mr Rodriguez have revealed they want to expand their brood
Mr Machado has also bravely shared pictures of his caesarean scar in an attempt to dispel any prejudice or misconceptions
The couple have kept their fans updated with the pregnancy journey and even shared pictures from the maternity ward when Mr Machado gave birth in June.
'Guess where we are and that is what we are doing,' Mr Machado captioned one shot of the couple posed in surgery robes and hair nets at the hospital.
He has also bravely shared pictures of his caesarean scar in an attempt to dispel any prejudice or misconceptions.
They initially announced the news of their pregnancy online, having conceived naturally as either of them have undergone lower-body surgery.
At the time, Ms Rodriguez told Mexican media: 'This was the wish of both of us and there was nothing biological or legal to stop us, so we decided to do it'
The couple initially announced the news of their pregnancy online, having conceived naturally as either of them have undergone lower-body surgery
Ms Rodriguez headlines in her native country in 2013, when she became the first transgender candidate to run for Congress
'We live as man and woman. I'm a transfeminine woman and Fernando is a transmasculine man. The process to get here was complex for each of us.
'Knowing it's our right, we decided to add another member to our family. '
Mr Machado has also spoken about the moment he found out he was pregnant.
He called his mother and sent her a picture of the pregnant test. She then showed it to a doctor who announced: 'It's positive'.
'I started crying with happiness, fear and dread, all at once. It was the most beautiful moment,' he said.
When the popularity of the well-made and comfortable mommy-gear exploded in early 2016, the company took on thousands of additional consultants and cheapened product quality.
When Alice* started as an “independent fashion consultant” with LuLaRoe, she wanted to be able to earn an income while working at home caring for her young son. But soon she found herself ignoring him to keep the business afloat.
Her business soon grew so successfully that her inventory took over half of the first floor of her home to accommodate the dresses, leggings, and more she sold for the company. Her family's entire lives revolved around everything Alice had to do to keep the income rolling: answering customer questions, taking inventory photos, invoicing, shipping, and more.
“I dropped everything for LuLaRoe,” she told me. “Short-term sacrifice for long-term gain. All for nothing.” Her sales have now dropped more than 75 percent from their peak. Alice and her husband now find themselves unable to make payments on loans they contracted during the LLR “boom.” They fear they will be unable to afford payments on their mortgage, car, and more. Sadly, they are not alone.
There's Been Lots to Love About LuLaRoe
LuLaRoe, or LLR, is a multi-level marketing company with a “head office” based in California started by a Mormon couple, DeAnne and Mark Stidham. The clothing is modest: no sleeveless dresses, and the hemlines are such that women don't have to fear exposing themselves when they bend over to pick up a toy or kid. They are sold by moms and marketed to moms.
I wore the frocks a great deal while pregnant recently. The clothes fit and were far more stylish than many of the offerings in maternity shops. In my first weeks postpartum I found the shirts, dresses, and skirts don't look like potato sacks; the fabric had give and the colorful patterns helped hide my baby weight. The ability to find clothing to fit any body type, with models reflecting the images of its customer base, greatly appealed to women on both sides of the transaction who felt as though they were buying from a company that valued all women, not just those in a size 0.
Over the last several months, however, I noticed almost all of the LLR groups I was a member of on Facebook (where they are largely sold, via online “parties”) were closing. Adrianne Merkling, a former consultant, told me, “I only knew of 1 person who resigned in April. Now I know too many to count.” Where I once was willing to pay $65 for a dress, I now refused to do so unless they were marked 50 percent off, the going rate in many “GOOB” (going out of business) sales, which have become ubiquitous on Mommy Facebook.
It seems LLR is a victim of its own success. When the popularity of the well-made and comfortable mommy-gear exploded in early 2016, the company took on thousands of additional consultants, flooding the market. As many customers and consultants can attest, the quality of its products took a sharp nosedive with increased production, leading to leggings shredding with such frequency lawsuits were filed in several states.
With the increase in consultants and a decrease in quality in fabric and designs, consultants like Alice soon saw a shocking decrease in sales such that she is trying to figure out how to “GOOB” herself. Her stacks of inventory are becoming increasingly worthless as fewer customers are willing to pay anything close to full price.
The Downsides of an Untrained Sales Force
The company's response to consultant complaints amounts to asking for blind allegiance. During a now-infamous webinar for consultants, Mark, the company's owner, told viewers looking for ideas and inspiration to grow their businesses after a drop in sales. “You're stale,” he said. “Your customers are stale. Get out and find new customers.” The quote is part of the headline image in a Facebook group filled with disgruntled consultants and customers.
After asking for help from fellow stay-at-home mothers and full-time working mothers turned businesswomen, some of the sales suggestions from Alice's mentors included approaching women in parking lots with her business card if she saw them wearing LLR. Exasperated, Alice told me “I don't want to feel like a drug dealer! I just want to run my business.”
Adding to her frustration, while Alice struggled to keep her business afloat, she was asked to mentor women below her in the chain. Alice told me, “They give no business training. It's all motivational. They also refuse to give sales training, that's up to us.”
The home office provides webinar trainings on topics like social media, fashion styling, and time management, but “to me, they're worthless,” Alice said. “It's generic rah rah rah.” Alice received training from the women who recruited her and in turn, was expected to provide it to women she signed up. Unfortunately neither Alice, nor her “upline” (the woman who recruited her) or “downline” (the women she recruited) had business training.
Women working with LLR are former administrative assistants, medical technicians, teachers, daycare workers, and more. A prior history in sales isn't a requirement to mentor or coach, and that disconnect is reflected in the frustration felt by consultants struggling to run their businesses with little outside support. Another consultant planning on leaving the business, Jess Sanchez, specifically complained to me about “awful and mean uplines. The ones that buy million-dollar homes and $200k Teslas but post in their group to essentially leave them alone and ask someone else if you have a question. ‘Respect my time' the mentor says.”
Many Home Consultants Are Scared
The result of declining sales and at best an aloof management is an exodus of consultants from the company, which Alice and other consultants I spoke with compared to a sinking ship. While the company claims consultants can receive a buyout of their inventory at any time, results vary to such a degree that women use Facebook groups to crowdsource information on whom, when, and how others have received inventory refunds.
Many are frightened to trust the company with thousands of dollars of inventory, which the company allegedly sometimes claims was lost during shipment. With LLR providing the shipping labels, there is no way for consultants to track their shipments and prove otherwise. One consultant told me she waited more than a year to receive a less than $1,000 refund on defective product shipped directly from the home office, which she shipped right back again. If Alice does decide to return her inventory, she plans to drive it out to California herself, lest she risk losing what amounts to her entire savings in a supposed shipping error.
Alice suspects the likelihood of a shipment getting “lost” is linked to complaints made against consultants to the compliance wing of the company. The practice of encouraging women to report fellow consultants to the compliance office has bred an atmosphere of suspicion and backbiting in a company built on the idea of love and acceptance.
Consultants Allege Mismanagement, Negative Atmosphere
It's not just fears of reprisal behind Alice's concerns over lost return shipments. Another factor for consultant defections is frustration with the company's unprofessional behavior, currently manifesting in a number of pending lawsuits regarding possible tax fraud due to possibly improperly collected sales tax. These lawsuits and ever-changing contracts between the company and consultants has spurred more defections.
As even a cursory read of Facebook groups filled with former consultants shows, Alice's story is not unique.
“The Merchant agreement (and their total lack of transparency with how it would affect consultants) and the court transcripts from the CMS (tax-related) lawsuit were the tipping points for many,” Merkling said. “My sales were still okay, I quit because I felt like I'd be compromising my integrity if I continued to financially support the company by ordering.”
Unable to stay at home any longer, Alice is simultaneously job hunting, caring for her son full-time, and trying to sell her inventory as discretely as possible to avoid being reported to compliance for hosting a “GOOB” sale, which consultants attribute to a severe devaluation of the brand.
For Alice the decision to leave came after seeking outside help to ascertain what she was doing wrong in her business. Alice told me she was “drinking the Kool Aid” and believed her business failings were, as LLR management and mentors were telling her, due to her faults, not the company's. Couple the existence of a compliance division which foments “snitching” on fellow consultants and managements' suggestion that consultants ignore and phase out anyone negative about LLR from their lives, and it's no wonder some compare it to a cult.
As even a cursory read of Facebook groups filled with former consultants shows, Alice's story is not unique. Just last year Business Insider claimed LLR was “making some millennial moms rich,” an accurate description of Alice's experience, although she was a high-selling consultant at her peak and did not represent the average experience. Now, with racks of unsellable inventory and shattered dreams, LLR seems fast on its way to becoming the Beanie Babies of clothing.
*Alice's name has been changed for fear of retribution.
A compound found in grape seed extract reduces plaque formation and resulting cognitive impairment in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease, new research shows.
The study appears in the June 18 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience. Lead study author Giulio Pasinetti, MD, PhD, of Mount Sinai School of Medicine and colleagues found that the grape seed extract prevents amyloid beta accumulation in cells, suggesting that it may block the formation of plaques. In Alzheimer's disease, amyloid beta accumulates to form toxic plaques that disrupt normal brain function.
The researchers tested a grape seed polyphenolic extract product sold as MegaNatural-AZ, made by Polyphenolics, which in part supported the study. Polyphenolic compounds are antioxidants naturally found in wine, tea, chocolate, and some fruits and vegetables. To determine whether the extract could mitigate the effects of Alzheimer's disease, the researchers used mice genetically modified to develop a condition similar to Alzheimer's disease. They exposed pre-symptomatic "Alzheimer's mice" to the extract or placebo daily for five months. The daily dose of the polyphenolic extract was equivalent to the average amount of polyphenolics consumed by a person on a daily basis.
After the five-month period, Alzheimer's mice were at an age at which they normally develop signs of disease. However, the extract exposure reduced amyloid beta accumulation and plaque formation in brains of Alzheimer's mice and also reduced cognitive decline: compared to placebo, extract-exposed Alzheimer's mice showed improved spatial memory. These data suggest that before symptoms begin, the grape seed extract may prevent or postpone plaque formation and slow cognitive deterioration associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Moderate consumption of red wine--approximately one glass for women and two glasses for men, according to the Food and Drug Administration--and its constituent grape compounds has reported health benefits, particularly for cardiovascular function. Pasinetti previously found that red wine reduced cognitive decline in mice genetically modified to develop Alzheimer's disease. In subsequent studies, Pasinetti and colleagues have attempted to isolate which of the nearly 5,000 molecules contained in red wine are important in disease prevention. "Our intent is to develop a highly tolerable, nontoxic, orally available treatment for the prevention and treatment of Alzeheimer's dementia," Pasinetti said.
"The potential of natural compounds to provide real health benefits to brain function is only now beginning to be realized by brain researchers. The lesson they may eventually learn is that sometimes you just can't improve upon Mother nature," said Gary Arendash, PhD, of The Byrd Alzheimer's Institute, an expert unaffiliated with the study.
Chemical analysis showed that the major polyphenol components in the study's grape seed extract product are catechin and epicatechin, which are also abundant in tea and cocoa. These components differ from resveratrol, a polyphenol that has been reported to reduce amyloid beta secretion in cells and generally increase lifespan by mimicking calorie restriction. Resveratrol appears to be effective only at extremely high doses, which may limit its use in people. In contrast, the catechins in the extract product studied appear to be effective at much lower doses.
Karen Hsiao Ashe, MD, PhD, at the University of Minnesota and Minneapolis VA Medical Center, another expert unaffiliated with the study, cautioned that additional research must be completed before these findings translate to a human population. "Unanswered questions pertaining to the polyphenolic extract's use in humans to prevent Alzheimer's disease include: when to start taking it, for how long, how much to take, and most importantly, how does a person know if it is helping to prevent the aggregation of amyloid beta protein in the brain? These questions must be answered before polyphenolics can be recommended as a preventive measure for Alzheimer's disease," Ashe said.
The research was performed at the Center of Excellence for Research in Complementary and Alternative Medicine in Alzheimer's Disease at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and was supported by the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine at the National Institutes of Health, Polyphenolics,the maker of MegaNatural-AZ (the extract studied), the U. S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Japan Human Science Foundation, and the Alzheimer's Association.
About a millennium ago, the ancestral Pueblo Indians in the Chaco Canyon in northwestern New Mexico obtained their precious turquoise using a large trade network spanning several states, new research reveals.
In the new study, researchers traced Chaco Canyon turquoise artifacts back to resource areas in Colorado, Nevada and southeastern California. The results definitively show, for the first time, that the ancestral Puebloans — best known for their multistoried adobe houses — in the San Juan Basin area of New Mexico did not get all of their turquoise from a nearby mining site, as was previously believed.
What's more, the study reveals the Puebloan people in the Moapa Valley of southern Nevada obtained some of their turquoise from as far away as Colorado and New Mexico, suggesting the trade network ran in both directions. [See Photos of Chaco Canyon and Turquoise Artifacts]
"People usually think of the Chaco Canyon as this big center [for turquoise]," said study lead author Sharon Hull, an anthropologist at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada. "But we show that people were bringing the turquoise back and forth between the western and eastern sites."
Sourcing turquoise artifacts
Over the years, archaeologists have found more than 200,000 turquoise pieces at various sites in the Chaco Canyon. The gems, which were often embedded into jewelry and figurines, were very important to the Puebloan culture, and akin to modern-day diamonds, Hull told Live Science.
Initially, scientists thought the gems came from the nearest turquoise deposit more than 124 miles (200 kilometers) away — the Cerrillos Hills Mining District near present-day Santa Fe, N.M. But the discovery of other extensively mined turquoise deposits throughout the southwestern United States led some scientists to believe the Chaco residents acquired some of their gems through long-distance trade networks. However, the evidence was mostly circumstantial, as chemical analyses weren't able to link the artifacts with specific mining sites.
Hull and her colleagues began their study by creating a comparative database, consisting of 800 isotope analyses from 22 resource areas in the western United States and northern Mexico. (Isotopes are atoms of the same element with different numbers of neutrons.)
"To establish a successful database, you have to find discriminators that have less variation within a mine than between mines," Hull said. "Copper isotopes don't work and hydrogen isotopes don't work. But between the two, you have an isotope overlap that is pretty distinct for each resource." If the copper-to-hydrogen isotope ratio for a turquoise artifact matches the distinctive ratio of a mine, it would mean the artifact came from that specific turquoise deposit.
Next, the team analyzed the ratios of copper to hydrogen isotopes of 74 turquoise artifacts from Puebloan sites in the San Juan Basin, southern Utah and the Moapa Valley in Nevada. After comparing the artifacts' isotope ratios with those of the turquoise mines, they were able to accurately identify the geological source of 42 artifacts.
The researchers expect to be able to source the rest of the artifacts as they add more data from other turquoise mines to their database.
A massive trade network
Specifically, the team found that artifacts from the Chaco Canyon came from turquoise deposits in Colorado and New Mexico, as well as resource areas in southwestern California and Nevada. Interestingly, the people from different sites used different turquoise procurement strategies. [In Photos: Archaeology Around the World]
Map of the Puebloan turquoise trade network in the American Southwest. Credit: Hull et al., Elsevier.
For example, the inhabitants of Pueblo Bonito, the largest great house in the canyon, heavily favored nearby resource areas, while people from some of the smaller Chaco sites got all of their turquoise from deposits in the far west (at least according to the artifacts the researchers could source). This suggests the people of Pueblo Bonito mined the nearby deposits themselves and either monopolized the mines or, more likely, had unique knowledge about the deposit locations.
"The last time I went to Cerrillos Hills, we had to walk quite a ways to get to it," Hull said. "I remember thinking that if you didn't know where this place was, you just wouldn't be able to find it."
The team saw similar turquoise procurement patterns for other Puebloan sites in the San Juan Basin area — the people of Aztec Ruin got much of their turquois from nearby deposits, whereas the inhabitants of Salmon Ruin sought out turquoise from the west. Additionally, they found the Puebloans in Eagle's Watch in southern Utah and the Moapa Valley in southern Nevada procured their turquoise from deposits both near and far.
These findings show that the long-distance trade routes of the Puebloan people weren't used to only move goods — particularly turquoise — in one direction, Hull said.
The team is now looking to further map the movement of the blue-green mineral across the southwestern United States, in hopes of learning more about the individual groups that coveted turquoise and were involved in the massive trade network. They also want to use their new technique to investigate the geological source of turquoise artifacts in other countries, such as Mexico, Chile and Argentina.
The study will be published in May in the Journal of Archaeological Science.
Follow Joseph Castroon Twitter. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science.
[Trigger warning: torture, homophobia, racism, sexism, sexual violence]
UPDATE: GWU has just announced: “Questions will be accepted in advance via Twitter using # AskBolsonaro. Please submit all questions by 11:59 p.m. EST. Questions submitted after this time will not be included.” PLEASE START FLOODING THE HASHTAG IMMEDIATELY!
George Washington University has insisted on platforming Brazilian right-wing politician Jair Bolsonaro, despite protests from Brazilian academics and political activists that emphasized his fascist opinions and declarations. As a collective opposing fascism, we want to do our part to defend democracy from authoritarianism and contribute to free speech by overwhelming the hashtag of the event (#AskBolsonaro) with what Bolsonaro stands for. Let's not allow him to control the narrative. Let's take the narrative back.
For this goal, we have crafted pre-made tweets that you can copy and paste onto your Twitter. Please send as many of these off as you can and feel free to craft tweets of your own. If you want to craft your own, here is the original open letter with the charges we are most concerned with, and here is a follow-up. These two pages are full of information and arguments that could be re-written into tweets.
The event will be taking place at 5:30pm (Washington DC time–that's 6:30pm Brasília time). We encourage tweeting during and before the event. Don't forget the hashtag (#AskBolsonaro) and, if you have space, you can tag GWU (@GWtweets), the Elliot School (@ElliotSchoolGW), and the Brazil Initiative (@GWUBrazil).
Bolsonaro has said that having a gay son means the parents “should have beaten up the child more often.” #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro called for the curators of an LGBT art exhibition to be “executed by firing squad.” #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro opposes indigenous rights, saying indigenous peoples do not contribute to the economy & do not have rights to land #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro has referred to refugees and immigrants as “the scum of the world.” #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro is a rape apologist who twice told congresswoman Maria do Rosário, “I wouldn't rape you. You're not worth it.” #AskBolsonaro
He is openly anti-feminist and has said women should earn less than men because they can become pregnant. #AskBolsonaro
He declared that former president FHC deserved to be shot #AskBolsonaro
“They accuse me of homophobia…Have you ever heard me say that homosexuals should die?” #AskBolsonaro
“I won't combat or discriminate, but if I see two men kissing in the street, I'll beat them.” #AskBolsonaro
“If your son begins to act a bit gay, beat him with a leather strap and he'll change his behavior.” #AskBolsonaro
–What would you do if you had a gay son?
–It never crossed my mind because they were raised right.
#AskBolsonaro
-Would you attend a gay pride parade if invited?
-I wouldn't go because I don't participate in promoting bad behavior.
#AskBolsonaro
I wouldn't fly in a plane piloted by a [black] pilot who benefitted from affirmative action. #AskBolsonaro
I wouldn't allow a black doctor who benefited from affirmative action operate on me.
#AskBolsonaro
-What would you do if your son fell in love with a black woman?
-I won't discuss promiscuity…my sons were educated right.
#AskBolsonaro
What do those people have to offer society? Tell young people that it's OK if they have a gay kid? They have nothing to offer. #AskBolsonaro
“I want to respect the majority and not the minority.” #AskBolsonaro
“The majority is one thing and the minority is another. Minorities should shut up.” #AskBolsonaro
“Respect homosexuals? Why! They are the ones that have to respect us. It's the opposite.' #AskBolsonaro
“You're the ones who perverted human rights to be about defending minorities. It's not about defending minorities.” #AskBolsonaro
If I can change the behavior of a disrespectful son [w/ a slap] why couldn't I change an effeminate son with the same method? #AskBolsonaro
“We lived a period of high employment, security, liberty & respect from 1964 until 1985 [the years of the dictatorship]” #AskBolsonaro
(Political cartoon by @mas_que_mario
This documentary describes the type of torture Bolsonaro wants to bring back. #AskBolsonaro https://youtu.be/x2Qy6ZAPTuw?t=10m26s
“I'm prejudiced and proud of it!” #AskBolsonaro
“They would have been small explosions.” –accomplice RE Bolsonaro bomb plot to scare gov into military pay raise #AskBolsonaro
RE adoption by same-sex couples: “90% of those adopted will turn gay and become prostitutes of the adoptive couple” #AskBolsonaro
“I would be incapable of loving a homosexual child” #AskBolsonaro
“I would rather my son die in an accident than show up with a [queer] mustache. He would be dead to me.” #AskBolsonaro
“If homosexuals live next door, that will devalue my home! If they walk around holding hands & kissing, that devalues it” #AskBolsonaro
“I don't want my son to play with the son adopted by a gay couple. I won't allow it.” #AskBolsonaro
“I won't allow my son to be in the company [of children of gay parents] because the future of my son will be homosexual too.” #AskBolsonaro
RE gay marriage: “The next step will be same-sex adoption and legalization of pedophilia.” #AskBolsonaro
“There is no such thing as a ‘gay family'. It doesn't exist.” #AskBolsonaro
“It's disgusting. Those gays and lesbians want us, the majority, to accept their promiscuous behavior. We cannot submit to the scorn of society.” #AskBolsonaro
“It's disgusting. Gays & lesbians want us to accept their promiscuous behavior. We cannot submit to the scorn of society.” #AskBolsonaro
“Homophobia doesn't exist in Brazil…Brazilian society doesn't like homosexuals.” #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro defends more policing. Brazil has one of the deadliest police forces in the world. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro once said his son wouldn't date a black woman because he was well-raised. He's a racist. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro is notoriously anti-LGBTQ, anti-black, anti-indigenous, openly violent and proudly endorses fascism. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro dedicate his vote to impeach Dilma Rousseff to a known torturer in the Brazilian dictatorship era. #AskBolsonaro
(TW) He openly supported Brilhante Ustra, who used to torture ppl w electric shocks to their genitals during dictatorship. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro has encouraged violence against LGBTQ children so that they will become straight. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro said police should've killed more prisoners during the Carandiru Massacre, where 111 incarcerated people were killed #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro has said he thinks women should earn less than men because they get pregnant. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro has openly praised a violent, oppressive dictatorship that resulted in hundreds of deaths. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro routinely incites violence against minorities and has positioned himself against human rights. #AskBolsonaro
In an interview, Bolsonaro tells @EllenPage she's too pretty to be a lesbian. #AskBolsonaro
https://youtu.be/wbmBp8WLhjI
Bolsonaro tells @stephenfry “no father would take pride in having a gay son” #AskBolsonaro https://youtu.be/NLSIeNBqYKM?t=15m53s
In 1999 Bolsonaro declared he evaded taxes regularly. #AskBolsonaro
Bolsonaro's awful views are well-nown in Brazil. Read about his history in Portuguese here: http://bolsonazi.tumblr.com/ #AskBolsonaro
The Intercept called him “the most misogynistic, hateful elected official in the democratic world” #AskBolsonaro – http://bit.ly/2zhdM8d
news.com.au called Bolsonaro “the world's most repulsive politician.” #AskBolsonaro – http://bit.ly/1rylar8
Relevant images:
by Laura Donnelly-Smith
J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth may seem closer than ever before for the George Washington University community, thanks to rare first editions of Mr. Tolkien's famous books, “The Hobbit” and “The Lord of the Rings,” which are available for use in Estelle and Melvin Gelman Library's Special Collections Research Center.
The recently released film “The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey” has generated a new surge of interest in Mr. Tolkien's works, which have enjoyed immense popularity for decades—“The Lord of the Rings” is the best-selling novel ever written. And the editions in Gelman's seventh-floor Special Collections Research Center are of special interest both to scholars and to more casual Tolkien fans, said Jenny Kinniff, public services and outreach librarian for Special Collections.
First editions of each of book—dated 1937 for “The Hobbit” and 1954 and 1955 for the books in the “Rings” trilogy—have been part of the university's collection for many decades, Ms. Kinniff said. They came to the library via donation.
“First editions are useful for scholars to see an author's original intent, before edits that are sometimes made in subsequent editions,” Ms. Kinniff explained. For example, a reader familiar with “The Hobbit” from a modern paperback edition would find substantial differences if he or she sat down to read the 1937 edition in the Special Collections Research Center. The author edited “The Hobbit” for later editions to make its content better correspond with events in the “Rings” trilogy (for which “The Hobbit” is a prequel).
Inside the dust jacket of the first book in the trilogy, “The Fellowship of the Ring,” is a handwritten note from Mr. Tolkien to E. Rasdall, Esq., dated March 21, 1956. The text reads:
I am so sorry! Your parcel arrived safely, but it arrived at a crowded time, and I was also unwell. In fact, I had to go away to recuperate, and only returned yesterday. It was on my conscience that I had gone off without either returning your books or letting you know. I will send them off, I hope on Friday. Why not at once? Well, because tomorrow my wife and I celebrate our 40th or ruby wedding anniversary, and are preparing for the gathering of our children and children-in-law, which has not occurred complete for many years. I fear it will be a ceremony by Shire standards ‘brief, moderate, simple, and jejune' but there may be a speech!
Yours truly, J. R. R. Tolkien
P.S. I have just had a letter from a real Sam Gamgee (of Tooting)!
“It's a bit of a puzzle as to who [Rasdall] is and how the letter got into the book,” Ms. Kinniff said. The book is inscribed with a name and date on the inside cover—Christine Cusnich, August 1954—but nothing is known about Ms. Cusnich, and little is known about Mr. Rasdall, aside from the fact that he was most likely a book collector.
Gelman Library staff members wrote a blog post about the first editions, hoping to spread the word about them and, perhaps, to pique the interest of someone who might shed light on the mystery of Mr. Tolkien's handwritten note. But the books are equally fascinating for those without background knowledge who simply love the world Mr. Tolkien created.
Assistant Professor of English Jonathan Hsy, who teaches a course called “Epic and Romance: When Worlds Collide” about how literary texts reconcile different worlds coming into conflict, said there are numerous reasons why Mr. Tolkien's work is still so compelling to so many.
“Tolkien imbues his fictional world with rich, vivid detail, and the stories he tells—which often feature quests, adventure and a triumph of forces of good over evil—resonate with readers across different cultures and age groups,” he said.
Mr. Tolkien was an academic as much as he was an author, Dr. Hsy said, and the complex world he created in Middle-earth was based at least in part on his training as a linguist, as well as his knowledge of medieval literature.
“The fictional Elvish languages he constructed drew features of their grammar and sound structure from real human languages like Welsh and Finnish; the Riders of Rohan have names drawn from Anglo-Saxon literature; and Tolkien's dwarves show characteristics derived from Norse mythology,” Dr. Hsy explained. “By interweaving these diverse older traditions into a new form, Tolkien gave his fictional storytelling a striking level of depth and reality.”
In 1939, Mr. Tolkien delivered a lecture, which was later published, titled “On Fairy Stories.” It defended the literary genre of fairy stories, which might now be called fantasy.
“He argued that fantasy writing creates a compelling alternate reality or ‘Secondary World' that always resonates with the ‘Primary World,' or the lived reality of the readers,” Dr. Hsy said. “I think one reason Tolkien's work is so appealing and enduring is that people can interpret his rich ‘Secondary World' in any number of ways.”
Many readers have interpreted Mr. Tolkien's description of how the Ents, the ancient tree-like creatures in the “Rings” trilogy who have lost their Entwives, or mates, as a commentary on environmental degradation., Dr. Hsy said. But this is only one interpretation.
“There isn't one right reading for Tolkien's stories, and ultimately audiences are free to engage with his works on their own terms, creating new meanings and finding other points of connection to their own lives,” he said.
Anyone is welcome to see the books—whether working on research, like a master's student who recently visited, or simply an interested reader. While the books don't circulate, library patrons are able to examine them close up or even read a few chapters.
“These things are here to be used,” Ms. Kinniff said. “We feel very strongly about that.”
Mayor Bill de Blasio captured New Yorkers' imaginations last month with his proposal to create a citywide ferry network. But look at a map of the routes and one thing jumps out: The entire West Side of Manhattan is blank.
Yes, existing ferry lines connect to Brookfield Place and Pier 79 at West 39th Street. But points farther north along the Hudson River are unserved and would remain so under the mayor's plan.
This omission is most glaring at West 125th Street.
The place where uptown's main east-west thoroughfare meets the Hudson River served as a ferry landing throughout most of New York City's history. The piers were demolished in 1965, but years of neglect were reversed in 2009 with the opening of the West Harlem Piers, which included infrastructure for a new ferry landing.
The location is ideal. It would provide easy connections south to West 39th Street and north to Inwood's Dyckman Marina. And the piers are across from New Jersey's Edgewater ferry terminal -- accessible over water in less than five minutes.
Ferry service from West 125 Street would alleviate crowding on the increasingly overcrowded 1 train, which runs on Broadway just a short walk from the river. With thousands of new students and staff set to descend on Columbia University's soon-to-be-opened Manhattanville campus, the need for a new transportation hub is even more acute.
A West Harlem-to-Edgewater ferry would give uptown residents access to jobs in Bergen County. And it would bring New Jersey customers to upper Manhattan businesses, especially the burgeoning restaurant scene on 12th Avenue. Ferry service also would remove scores of vehicles from our streets, allowing New Jersey commuters who otherwise drive down from the George Washington Bridge to leave cars at home. Fewer cars spewing fumes means better health for us in a community with high asthma rates.
With a pier, adjacent subway, great nearby water connections and rapidly growing transportation needs, West Harlem is the ideal location for a ferry service. Here's hoping our community won't be forgotten as New York City embarks on a new era of ferry expansion.
BBC One's Have I Got News For You returns to its natural home on Friday nights at 9pm from 8 April for nine shows over a 10-week period, with a break for the Royal Wedding.
The perennially popular series will also, for the first time, be broadcast in HD, allowing viewers to get up close and personal with Paul Merton, Ian Hislop and their guests.
The first guest host is deadpan BAFTA-nominated comedian Jack Dee, who will be joined by chat show legend Richard Madeley and Edinburgh Comedy Award nominee Jon Richardson.
Other guest hosts lined up so far to guest host in the new series include Episodes and Green Wing star Stephen Mangan, award-winning comedian, musician and Black Books actor Bill Bailey and Jo Brand, star of the hugely successful comedy series Getting On.
Some facts and figures
This will be the 41st series of Have I Got News For You.
Series 40 saw notable first-time host appearances from Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch and comedian John Bishop, and a welcome return to the host chair for Queen of Comedy Miranda Hart, among many other favourites.
Series 40 saw a host – Miranda Hart – falling off the chair for the first time, albeit deliberately. The same episode also saw a radical new camera angle being used to allow for Miranda's trademark looks to camera.
The first episode of series 41 will be the 148th show hosted by a guest presenter in the eight and a half years since Angus Deayton left in October 2002.
The episode broadcast in the aftermath of the General Election result (series 39) saw Paul Merton temporarily swap places with Ian Hislop's guest, Jon Richardson, to reflect the coalition government era.
To date, Alexander Armstrong has guest hosted the show the most – this series will see his 18th appearance.
Series 41 will see Jack Dee hosting for the 10th time.
Jeremy Clarkson and Kirsty Young have been guest hosts eight times each. Boris Johnson, Lee Mack and Dara O'Briain have hosted four times.
Ross Noble has been on the show 11 times, while Clive Anderson, Marcus Brigstocke and Andy Hamilton have appeared 10 times. Will Self, Germaine Greer, Martin Clunes and Charles Kennedy have been on the show nine times, Mark Steel has appeared eight times and Danny Baker, Jo Brand, Janet Street-Porter and Boris Johnson seven times each.
The show regularly attracts a weekly audience of 8 million viewers including the extended repeat which has an extra 13 minutes of footage.
Ian Hislop is the only person to have appeared in every episode, despite suffering from a burst appendix shortly before one edition and having to go to hospital immediately afterwards.
Ian and Paul drew series 40 with four wins each and two draws, so Paul still has a lead of 29 series to Ian's 3!
AN/KB3
REUTERS / Rene Araujo Indigenous women from the Tzotzil tribe sit together in Acteal, Mexico, on Aug. 7, 2009
The survival of an endangered language may depend on two people — and all they want to do is ignore each other.
Manuel Segovia and Isidro Velazquez, the last speakers of a language called Ayapaneco, live less than half a mile away from each other in Ayapa, Mexico. But no matter how precious the cultural implications of keeping their language alive are, they are not going to speak to each other.
(MORE: Why Some Languages Sound So Fast)
The Guardian notes that “it is not clear whether there is a long-buried argument behind their mutual avoidance, but people who know them say they have never really enjoyed each other's company.”
Ayapaneco is one of many dozens of indigenous languages remaining in Mexico. Perhaps the most extreme case, it managed to survive the Spanish conquest in Mexico. Sixty-eight native languages are still in use today, although a handful are on the verge of extinction.
(WATCH: How Animals Learn Language)
Regardless, linguists are still attempting to preserve the language despite the lack of communication between the last two fluent speakers, who no longer converse with anyone regularly in their native tongue. When Segovia, 75, and Velazquez, 69, both die, their language will pass away with them.
Still, Daniel Suslak, a linguistic anthropologist, sums up their relationship succinctly: “They don't have a lot in common.”
Add NewsFeed to your RSS reader or continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
Following the horrendous act of four young black adults in Chicago, wherein a young white man with a disability was kidnapped and tortured, Twitter exploded (understandably) in outrage. Very quickly the hashtag #BLMKidnapping started to trend in first place across the country, Americans furious over not only the absolutely awful crime, but the lackluster response in Chicago.
We've all been waiting for leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement to denounce the crime, at the very least, but instead people like Shaun King tweeted this …
I'll reply to the white supremacist #BLMKidnapping hashtag later this morning. I will also address the assault in Chicago. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) January 5, 2017
Aww, so the BIG issue here is the hashtag. Not the fact that a movement fueled by false narratives and hate may have inspired four young black people to kidnap, attack and torture a young white man.
Seems legit, Shaun.
Oh, and he called it merely an assault. That's cute.
Now now, you know it's only a hate crime when it feeds his narrative and this most definitely does NOT support him or his message about evil white people.
@shaunking You're upset about the #BLMKidnapping hashtag, but couldn't care less about anti-white hate crime. — Fashionista (@FashNova) January 5, 2017
Well he cares enough to shame people over a hashtag, that's about it though.
@ShaunKing It's gonna be hard sugar coating the kidnapping — axmxd (@Macmed_94) January 5, 2017
But he'll try.
It didn't take long for the Flint Firebirds to make an impact in the Ontario Hockey League, albeit under rather unusual circumstances.
All 24 Firebirds players walked out after ownership fired the team's coaching staff Sunday, as first reported by ESPN's John Buccigross.
Head coach John Gruden and assistant coach Dave Karpa were reinstated Monday following a meeting with owner Rolf Nilsen.
"Last night, after our emotional shootout game against the Oshawa Generals, I made a decision with regards to our coaching staff, which was an irresponsible mistake," Nilsen said in a statement.
"This morning, we took steps to immediately reinstate the coaches. Today, the team's senior leadership met with the players to apologize and have a very frank discussion about next steps leading to a resolution."
The owner confirmed that OHL commissioner David Branch met with the team Monday and that the club is fully cooperating with the league's investigation.
OHL Insiders, which initially broke the story Sunday, reports that the firings stemmed from a lack of ice time for Nilsen's son, Hakon Nilsen. The 17-year-old defenseman was reportedly part of the walkout.
The Firebirds, who are new to the OHL this season after relocating from Plymouth, Mich., improved to 7-9-0-1 on the year following a 4-3 comeback victory over the Generals. The walkout occurred hours later.
There are five NHL draft picks currently playing on Flint's roster: Alex Peters of the Dallas Stars, Connor Chatham of the New Jersey Devils, Vili Saarijarvi of the Detroit Red Wings, as well as Alex Nedejkovic and Josh Wesley of the Carolina Hurricanes.
Story highlights Supreme Court will hear arguments about the constitutionality of the health care law
Kevin Pho: Despite flaws, we should go forward with the Affordable Care Act
He says current health care system does not adequately address needs of patients
Pho: health reform is necessary, but we also need a strong primary care foundation
With the Supreme Court set to hear oral arguments about the constitutionality of the President Obama's health care law, more patients than ever have been asking for my thoughts about health reform.
I practice primary care in southern New Hampshire near the Massachusetts border, which gives me a firsthand look at how health reform has impacted my neighboring state. Despite flaws with the Massachusetts approach, and the president's Affordable Care Act which is modeled after it, I believe that health care reform needs to move forward.
Over the years, I have encountered too many cases of patients who are inadequately served by our current health care model. Some of their stories are heartbreaking, others are deeply worrisome.
Some time ago, I had one middle-aged patient with diabetes, whom I'll call Mark, requiring high doses of insulin to control his blood sugar. He faithfully saw me every three months, where I made careful insulin adjustments so his sugars wouldn't go too high or low. But all of a sudden, he stopped coming. I didn't hear from him until a year later, when I received a call from the emergency department telling me Mark was found in a coma because of a critically high sugar level. Thankfully, he survived his hospital stay, and when he came for a visit afterward he explained how he had lost his job, and thus, his health insurance. He couldn't afford to see me or buy his medication.
Kevin Pho
According to the 2010 Commonwealth Fund survey , 72% of jobless Americans said they couldn't afford to fill a prescription or obtain needed medical tests. Worse, 40% said that medical bills forced them into difficult financial decisions, such as depleting their savings, or being unable to pay for necessities like food, heat or rent. These are choices patients should never be forced to make.
But it's not only patients without insurance who suffer. Others are in a situation like another patient of mine, whom I'll call Linda. She recently told me that her sister was diagnosed with colon cancer, a disease with a strong genetic component. I recommended that Linda have a colonoscopy. Unfortunately, her health insurance plan had a deductible in the thousands of dollars, making a colonoscopy prohibitively expensive.
JUST WATCHED Health care reform's day in court Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Health care reform's day in court 03:59
JUST WATCHED Health care law: A storybook explainer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Health care law: A storybook explainer 02:09
JUST WATCHED GOP: Repeal and replace health care law Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH GOP: Repeal and replace health care law 07:06
Last year, a study from the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization, found that families enrolled in high-deductible plans like Linda's cut back on health care that was clearly beneficial, like cervical cancer, breast cancer and colon cancer screening. According to the study, "these cutbacks could cause a spike in health care costs down the road if people end up sicker and need more intensive treatment."
The Affordable Care Act would help patients like Mark, by providing him a way to obtain affordable health insurance regardless of his job status. Beginning in 2014, health reform would expand the eligibility of Medicaid and provide federal tax credits to help buy private insurance. On average, 17% of the nonelderly population nationwide would be helped, with numbers as high as 36 to 40% in parts of Florida, New Mexico, Texas, Louisiana and California. And for patients like Linda, health reform would prohibit cost sharing for many preventive screening tests, including colonoscopies.
My support of the Affordable Care Act is tempered, however, by a serious flaw: Its benefits cannot be fully realized without a strong primary care foundation. In the United States, the number of specialists to primary care doctors is about 70-30 , a ratio that's reversed in the rest of the world. That primary care deficit is a far bigger threat to health reform than if the Supreme Court were to rule President Obama's law unconstitutional.
The Affordable Care Act doesn't do nearly enough to make primary care enticing, despite the anticipated shortfall of primary care providers approaching 30,000 by 2015. Medical students, concerned by their average school debt approaching $160,000, often eschew primary care in favor higher paying specialties. And the bureaucratic burdens of primary care, including paperwork and spending time on the telephone refuting insurance company denials, are overwhelming. According to an Annals of Internal Medicine study, 30% of primary care doctors considered leaving the field entirely , citing burnout, time pressures and administrative hassles.
These concerns, however, shouldn't stall health reform. Instead, they need to be addressed as the Affordable Care Act is modified and improved on in the coming years. Far too many patients can no longer afford to obtain basic care. It's their stories that have made me realize we desperately need to fix our broken health care system, and accept health reform despite its shortcomings. We cannot let the pursuit of perfection become the enemy of doing the right thing.
Patients like Mark and Linda need help now.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Senators gave in to pressure by Mr Trudeau's Liberal government and approved a more restricted bill
Canada's parliament has passed a contentious bill to allow medically-assisted death for terminally ill people.
The law was put forward after the Supreme Court struck down a ban on doctors helping the incurably sick to die.
The move makes Canada one of the few countries where doctors can legally help sick people die.
But critics say the new legislation is too restrictive.
They argue it will prevent people with degenerative conditions, such as multiple sclerosis, from seeking assisted suicide.
Government officials say the new law is a first step and can be expanded in the future.
What different countries say about assisted dying
The legislation had already passed by the House of Commons and Friday's Senate vote means it now only needs the formality of royal assent from the governor-general to become law.
Some senators were in favour of a much broader law but after weeks of political wrangling they gave in to pressure by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's Liberal government, which had narrowed the scope of the bill.
In a statement, Canada's Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould and Health Minister Jane Philpott said the bill struck "the right balance between personal autonomy for those seeking access to medically assisted dying and protecting the vulnerable".
Assisted suicide is currently legal in just a few countries, including Switzerland, the Netherlands, Albania, Colombia and Japan.
The practice is legal in some US states, including Washington, California, Oregon, Vermont and New Mexico.
Strength athletics, more generally known as strongman competitions, is a sport which tests competitors' strength in a variety of different ways. Some of the disciplines are similar to those in powerlifting and some powerlifters has also successfully competed in strongman competitions. However, strongman events also test physical endurance to a degree not found in powerlifting or other strength-based sports. Competitions designed to test the strength of participants has a long history going back many centuries before the televisation of strongman competitions in the 1970s. This ancient heritage can still be seen in a number of traditional events, the most famous of which is the arguably traditional Highland games, which itself is a source of many events now practiced in modern strongman competitions. Different competitions may be structured very differently with some strength athletic competitions, such as the World's Strongest Man, being slanted towards dynamic tests of strength, whilst others pivot around tests of pure static strength such as the Arnold Strongman Classic.
History [ edit ]
Origins [ edit ]
The origin of strength athletics lies within prehistory. Testing each other in feats of physical prowess has been something humans have done throughout their existence. This is encapsulated in the modern Olympic motto of "Swifter, higher, stronger". There are records in many civilizations of feats of strength performed by great heroes, mythological or otherwise. In ancient western culture Greek heroes such as Heracles are blessed with great strength. In the Bible, figures with exceptional physical strength are described such as Samson and Goliath. Man's obsession with those who possess extraordinary strength is an ancient and persistent one.
Strongmen [ edit ]
A caber being tossed by Steven Labrecque at the 2000 New Hampshire Highland Games
Displaying one's strength took two particular forms of note: as a pure exhibition and within the confines of sporting competition. Within the British Isles records, many centuries old, relay more formally the existence of organised events. Formalization and annual Highland gatherings began around 1820 when Sir Walter Scott encouraged the revival of Highland Culture. By 1848, such was the status of such games that Queen Victoria attended the Braemar Highland Games.[1] The strongmen of the world of weightlifting and circus acts were also exhibiting their prowess. A number of famous names emerged at the turn of the 19th century. Thomas Inch, still remembered today for his Grip Strength. and his Challenge Dumbbell, known as the Inch Dumbbell, that "has defied thousands of strong men over the last hundred years...Many a strength athlete tried but failed to break it off the ground.".[2] Other notable names in this genre were Louis Cyr, Joseph Greenstein, and Louis Uni (Apollon) who was famously able to knock out a horse with a single punch - an event popular in this era.
Codified sport [ edit ]
In the 20th century, strength sports began to be codified into weightlifting, powerlifting and the like. However, feats of strength akin to the circus performances continued to have their place. In 1957 the Olympic gold medal winner, Paul Anderson backlifted 6,270 pounds as a one-off feat. David Prowse was initially famous in 1964 for his lifting the famed 785 pounds (356 kg) Dinnie Stones, the first man to do so since Donald Dinnie himself a century earlier.[3] Prowse later became more famous still for playing Darth Vader in Star Wars, also appearing in several public information films commissioned by the Central Office of Information which instructed children on how to cross the road.
Emergence of strength athletics as a new sport [ edit ]
The late 20th century saw the emergence of strength athletics. Combining formalised strength events found in Highland Games, with elements of powerlifting and weightlifting, along with an eclectic selection of events involving the lifting of rocks, refrigerators, pulling vehicles (trains, lorries, planes etc.), this modern spectacle has in the popular imagination taken the mantle of the strongmen of old. Many events are based on the older circus feats, but giving them a competitive twist. For many the terms strongman and strength athlete are interchangeable although emphasis on the latter in sport specific literature has attempted to maintain a distinction.
World's Strongest Man [ edit ]
The most famous event is one of the oldest, namely the World's Strongest Man competition,[4] still described by a number of highly respected authorities in the sport as the premier event in strongman.[5][6]
The concept behind "The World's Strongest Men", as it was originally named, was developed in 1977 for CBS by Langstar Inc. David Webster, a Scot who later received an OBE for his services to sport, was the head coordinator of the competition from its inception. Dr Douglas Edmunds, seven-times Scottish shot and discus champion and twice world caber champion[7] worked with Webster and when David Webster retired from his position Edmunds took over. These two men were responsible for inviting the competitors and choosing the events. They selected men who had shown prowess in the mainstream fields of strength sports such as the heavy field athletics events, such as shot put, as well as powerlifters, bodybuilders and wrestlers. The idea was to create a spectacle that would test the purveyors of these now disparate disciplines against one another on the elements that remained common to all, strength.
The show was a great success making household names of men such as Geoff Capes, Bill Kazmaier and Jón Páll Sigmarsson. It was replicated at national level as well, with events such as Britain's Strongest Man first being televised in 1979 by the BBC. In the meantime, in 1982, CBS sold the rights to the BBC, who in turn sold the rights to TWI. In the early days, the competitors were shifting from unpaid amateur sports to what was deemed a professional sporting activity. To maintain the competitive base as well tapping the obvious public interest, other events sprang up and by the mid-1980s a number of other international gatherings had become regular features, most notably the World Muscle Power Championships and the World Strongman Challenge.
IFSA and the schism [ edit ]
In 1995, Edmunds and Webster, along with representatives from the competitors including Jamie Reeves, Ilkka Kinnunen and Marcel Mostert formed a governing body called the International Federation of Strength Athletes ("IFSA"). The IFSA began organizing its own bespoke events, such as the IFSA European Championships but also took the lead in working with BBC and TWI to organize the World's Strongest Man competition. For almost a decade the IFSA and WSM were inextricably mixed, but this changed in 2004. The InvestGroup Ventures' sports rights management arm, InvestGroup Sports Management, invested heavily into IFSA and this led to the creation of IFSA Strongman. The strategy was to acquire most of the international assets and properties relating to the strongman sport. In essence this was a new organisation[8] with some, such as Magnus Samuelsson describing it as "a new company...with the same name as our old federation".[9] The attempt at dominance was not well received by TWI and disagreement ensued leading to a split in the sport. Previously, in 2001, the IFSA in its former guise had entered an agreement with World Class Events (WCE), headed by Ulf Bengtsson, to run the Super Series. This Super Series was designed to award the World Championship title, but also acted as a qualifying vehicle for the WSM. When strongman split in 2004, the Super Series sided with TWI forming a rival federation to the IFSA.[8] With the WSM being a TWI owned event, IFSA Holdings announced its own world championships for 2005, to be held in Quebec, and thus from that point had no involvement in the WSM contest.
The split with IFSA, which banned its registered athletes from competing at WSM, meant that not all the recognised the best strength athletes in the world were eligible to compete. However, the reputation of WSM as the premier event maintained its lure for broadcasting purposes. In recent years, the competition has been broadcast on ESPN, ESPN2 and Five. The longevity of the contest in strength athletics and its high levels of TV exposure over the years has led to it being described as "the granddaddy of all strongman contests".[8] The contest has been criticised in recent years for its slant towards athleticism away from raw strength, with other contests whose emphasis is on the latter, such as the Arnold Strongman Classic or Fortissimus, being cited as producing the true strongest man in the world. However, it is routinely described as "the Worlds" by top strongman competitors[8] and despite the critics, it is the leading brand name in the field. No other strongman contest commands close to the WSM's levels of TV exposure.[8]
To be developed In recent years, interest in the sport at the grassroots level has skyrocketed, leading to the spontaneous formation of local clubs, loosely affiliated with provincial/state and national associations. Many sports-specific training facilities have begun to incorporate movements associated with strongman competitions into their general training schemes, albeit with lighter weights used; e.g. tire flips, sled drags, object loading or carrying, log pressing, farmer's walks and so on.
Strongman competitions have grown in popularity in recent years, due in part to the introduction in 2001 of the Strongman Super Series, an equivalent to the international "tour" in other individual sports, and to the influx of new competitors from eastern Europe who have broken the Scandinavian dominance of the sport in the 1990s. The top scorer in the Super Series is named Super Series Champion.
Common disciplines [ edit ]
Farmer's Walk
"Natural stone to shoulder". The stone weighs 165 kg
"Natural stone to shoulder". The stone weighs 165 kg
There is no set rule about what specific events will occur in a contest, except that to prevent single-event specialists from gaining an advantage, each event will be different (a single contest will not include two squat events, or two overhead lifting events, for example). Normally, a strongman contest comprises six events, though at the top level of competition, seven or eight events may be held. Among the most common events are:
Farmer's Walk – competitors race along a course while carrying a heavy weight in each hand. A variation is the Giant Farmer's Walk, with a much heavier weight carried over a shorter distance.
– competitors race along a course while carrying a heavy weight in each hand. A variation is the Giant Farmer's Walk, with a much heavier weight carried over a shorter distance. Hercules Hold or Pillars of Hercules – contestants stand between two pillars, pivoted to fall outwards. The competitor must simply hold them up for as long as possible.
or – contestants stand between two pillars, pivoted to fall outwards. The competitor must simply hold them up for as long as possible. Vehicle Pull – probably the most famous of all strongman events. The competitor pulls a vehicle from a stationary start for a prescribed distance – the fastest over the course wins. In smaller competitions the vehicle is usually a truck; however, in major contests such as World's Strongest Man anything goes, including trains and airplanes.
– probably the most famous of all strongman events. The competitor pulls a vehicle from a stationary start for a prescribed distance – the fastest over the course wins. In smaller competitions the vehicle is usually a truck; however, in major contests such as World's Strongest Man anything goes, including trains and airplanes. Atlas Stones – a lifting stone event whereby five spherical concrete stones of increasing weight are placed on top of podia of varying height, beginning with the lightest stone lifted to approximately a normal person's head height. Alternatively, the stone is lifted over a bar for reps. The stone lift often finishes strongman competitions.
– a lifting stone event whereby five spherical concrete stones of increasing weight are placed on top of podia of varying height, beginning with the lightest stone lifted to approximately a normal person's head height. Alternatively, the stone is lifted over a bar for reps. The stone lift often finishes strongman competitions. Stone Carry – On Iceland, the original rock lift was instead done with a rock called the Husafell stone, that was to be carried for a stretch, to achieve the title full-strong, fullstarkur. This rock was not round but irregular, sometimes this concept is used today, like with a "rock" the shape of Africa.
– On Iceland, the original rock lift was instead done with a rock called the Husafell stone, that was to be carried for a stretch, to achieve the title full-strong, fullstarkur. This rock was not round but irregular, sometimes this concept is used today, like with a "rock" the shape of Africa. Refrigerator Carry – a staple of earlier WSM events that has made a comeback in recent years. The competitors carry two refrigerators, attached to an iron bar they hold on their shoulders, and walk it across the finish line as fast as they can.
– a staple of earlier WSM events that has made a comeback in recent years. The competitors carry two refrigerators, attached to an iron bar they hold on their shoulders, and walk it across the finish line as fast as they can. Carry and Drag – an object (usually a heavy anchor) is run across half of the course. The competitors then must attach it to a chain of almost equal weight and pull it across the rest of the course.
Training [ edit ]
Training for strongman involves building overall strength in the gym, and training with competition implements to gain familiarity. In the gym, it is necessary to train the entire body for strength, especially with variants of the squat, deadlift and overhead press.
Also important is explosive power, developed by weightlifting-style lifts, and cardiovascular conditioning. Grip strength must also be developed.
Like any sport, it is necessary to train using the equipment one encounters in the sport. In the case of strongman, these include logs, tires, yokes, farmer's walk implements, etc.; building strength in the gym is insufficient without experience with implements.
Major titles and titleholders [ edit ]
Other major international events not listed above include the Highlander World Championships, Giants Live, World Strongman Federation events, World's Mightiest Man, and Strongest Man Alive, as well as a number of international team competitions and various continental championships, such as Europe's Strongest Man.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Old Time Strongman Training
United States All Round Weightlifting Association
Guest Post: The Cafeteria Swap – How to Make Your Kid's Lunch ‘Untradeable' By Guest
Vanessa Van Petten writes a blog for parents and teens. She is also the teen author of the parenting book “You're Grounded!”
“I'll give you two Ritz cracker bites for one of your donut holes?”
“Anyone wants my Peach cup?…anyone?…I'll give it away for free?…Please someone just takes it so my mom doesn't yell at me”
We had a lunch monitor at my school that guarded the trashcan at lunch like a rhino guards a watering hole. She would make sure that unopened food and Tupperware filled with leftover brussel sprouts either went in your belly (and you would have to deal with the taste) or went back home in your lunchbox (and you would have to deal with an angry parent). Therefore, if you didn't like what you had in your lunch, you either had to trade it, give it away or, heaven forbid, eat it.
Interestingly, there is also a sort of stigma for having a bad lunch. If you made a bad faith trade, then your whole rating as a lunch dealer shot way down. My friend Alyssa once traded a ‘cheese panini sandwich' for pizza bites. Well, it was discovered that her mom snuck tomatoes into the depths of the sandwich—this of course, in fourth grade terms, made the once kid-friendly cheese sandwich a veritable health trap on soggy bread. Alyssa lost trading privileges for a week because she was labeled as having a ‘mom veggie hider.' So how can parents make their kids lunches healthy and untradeable? Here are a few tips along with actual food suggestions for keeping lunches organic, vitamin filled, and, most importantly for everyone, fun to eat and make (many of these can be made gluten-free as I am allergic and find many kids these days are as well!)
1) Pick a Great Name:
There is a reason why Ritz crackers are more popular with kids than ‘water crackers.' When you are making kids or teen's lunches at home, tell them what you are making and call it something really kid friendly using words like cheesy, crunchy and crispy. You can also create a snack (see the ones below) and call it something after your kid's name, or after your name. You can also use the name of a pet or favorite animal. A kid is much less likely to trade something named after themselves or their dear fluffy! (besides, its much harder to trade something you create—”Anyone wants some Randy Ralphs?”
* “Sloppy Frisbees” Get some whole grain crackers with sesame seeds and spread some organic almond butter between two crackers.
* “Laura's Lettuce Logs” This is a lunch version of lettuce wraps and works really well for vegetarian or even vegan kiddies. Make a large batch of stir-fried chicken, tofu, scallions, peppers or anything chopped small with some low-sodium Tamari. Put some big leafs of butter lettuce in a Ziploc and put the mix in a Tupperware and let them create their own little wraps. You can make a big batch of the filling at the beginning of the week and serve it for dinner too.
2) Use and Name Kid-Friendly Ingredients
Ok, this might seem like an obvious one, but I have a caveat: Call something that is not kid friendly, something that is kid friendly. What I mean is, as adults, we love to fancy things up. Kids like things that look, taste, sound, smell and are called something familiar. There are some great organic, homemade and even ethnic dishes and ingredients that hold really well in lunches. Use them!…but disguise them a little. See my examples:
* “Tuna and Chips” Most kids these days are ok with Pita, but if not you can try tortilla or chips. Get some whole grain pita, lightly toast it in the oven so they are healthy chips and then make some tuna salad with celery and craisins for sweetness (kids love these).
I am a true believer in eating a wide variety of foods to get all the nutrients and vitamins nature has to offer. With kids, it's much easier to expand their pallet if you pair new foods with familiar ones.
* “Angel's Ambrosia” Persimmons and yogurt (goat milk is great and you really cannot tell the difference)
* Figs wrapped in organic turkey bacon on little toothpicks (these are really good). I call them “Yummy Mummies”—get it because they are wrapped like little mummies?
3) Make Sure They Eat It at Home—but beware of leftovers.
Before you try something new in lunch, make sure they actually will eat it normally. Try it out as an after-school snack or over the weekend to make sure they like it. Beware: leftovers can be a little tricky. Usually leftovers do not taste nearly as good the next day and they are very easy to secretly dump in the trash. So, if you wouldn't eat it for leftovers, then do not pack it for your kids. Some great leftovers:
* “Sinful Sweet Potatoes” This one my younger sisters love, especially because it reminds us of a delicious thanksgiving meal. Bake squash or sweet potatoes with some nutmeg and cinnamon. Put it in a baggy with the skin still on and tell them they can eat it like a slice of watermelon. It is actually surprisingly un-messy and utensil free.
* “Noodles” Instead of regular pasta noodles (can be very starchy and not give many vitamins) try Shirataki noodles which are made of tofu and very low in calories and sodium. If you have a kid who is afraid of veggies, take a zucchini and peel it. Then continue to peel it so you get long flat noodles…I actually prefer this to pasta.
4) Talk to them.
I know, I know, sometimes it is hard to get them to tell you what they do and don't like, plus it always seems that one day they like one thing and the next day they hate it. But, usually if they really do not like something then they will tell you. I would sit down and ask them what they would prefer to have for lunch, what leftovers do they like, do they ever trade food? You can make this like a game: “Ok, I want to guess which food you eat in your lunch first,” it will tell you a lot about their school eating habits.
I was THE pickiest eater ever when I was younger, not only have I gotten better, but also I am now one of the most adventurous eaters out of my friends. Lastly, two of my favorites:
* “Crispy Chicken Tenders” Get some chicken breasts, clean and cut them into strips and roll them into corn flakes with a little bit of garlic and low sodium soy sauce. Bake in the oven at 350 for 30-40 minutes. You can give them a little dipping sauce as well.
* “Cheesy Oatmeal” Sounds gross, I know, but kids love it! The cheese is actually goat cheese and the oatmeal is actually quinoa. Take a basic quinoa recipe and put some melted goat cheese on top. It tastes a bit like cheesy mashed potatoes…if you close your eyes…and if you forget about texture. This is great when you stuff a red or green bell pepper with it and make it like a sandwich, that way they do not need utensils.
Please feel free to post additional tricks and ideas in the comments. I am always looking for new things to recommend to people on my teen blog!
Thanks, Vanessa!
What do you think about her suggestions? We think most of them are fantastic, but, as you may expect, think a few could use a little modifying.
bookgrl Flickr Photo (CC)
Further Reading:
The Best Meal to Feed Your Child…
Cold Remedies and Cough Drops Aren't Safe for Children
Surreptitious Soda Companies Still in Schools
Subscribe to Mark's Daily Apple feeds
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
George Osborne is under pressure to tear up his austerity programme after Boris Johnson called on the government to drop its "hair-shirt, Stafford Cripps" agenda and Liberal Democrat leaders demanded a spending boost in the spring budget.
Speaking in Davos on Friday shortly after the release of figures showing the economy was again contracting, the London mayor said it was time to "junk the rhetoric of austerity" and instead take steps to boost confidence and spending.
The Lib Dem leader, Nick Clegg, who has for the first time conceded that the government cut investment spending too quickly after it arrived in office, was last night understood to have been swayed during a meeting with the business secretary, Vince Cable, to thrash out proposals in the next budget to spur growth.
On the table will be plans to cushion the blow of local authority budget cuts by allowing councils to borrow more freely to build new homes. It has been estimated that if borrowing caps were removed councils could build 60,000 homes over the next five years. Cable is also urging fresh proposals to make the state-owned banks lend, and has gone public on a call to change the inflation target.
Senior cabinet members are saying it is a racing certainty that the economy will suffer a triple-dip recession, requiring a further first quarter of negative growth.
Figures for the last three months of 2012 showed the UK was again heading into recession after the economy dipped 0.3%. The economy has contracted in four of the last five quarters and another dip in the period up to March, which is possible after the heavy snow, would lead to a third recession in four years. Amid heightened concern that the worse than expected growth figures will result in the UK losing its AAA credit status, the Office for National Statistics also found itself in the middle of a row over its survey methods. The ONS said two thirds of the downturn could be attributed to a steep fall in North Sea production, despite figures from the energy department and industry bodies showing a significant rise.
Johnson did not directly challenge the chancellor but was critical about the gloomy rhetoric from the Bank of England, saying the language of cuts was "not terribly useful in this sort of climate".
"There is huge potential in the UK. It is important we have the spirit of confidence. Some of the mutterings from Threadneedle Street are not the stuff to give the troops." He added: "We need investment in housing and transport, things that make a big difference."
Johnson said he supported Osborne's deficit-reduction strategy, but said savings could be made in parts of government that could be spent elsewhere on growth-friendly projects.
"But the hair-shirt, Stafford Cripps agenda is not the way to get Britain moving again," he added. Cripps, the chancellor between 1947 and 1950, used taxes and rationing to limit consumption as the UK tried to revive the postwar economy.
Johnson's optimism is in stark contrast to the Treasury and the Bank of England, which have stressed the need for patience. Osborne said he would not "run away" from the problems facing the UK economy, reiterating the case made by the Bank of England governor, Sir Mervyn King, that the UK faced a "bumpy ride" before growth picked up.
The IMF is forecasting the UK economy will grow by 1% this year and by 2% in 2014, but forecasts have repeatedly been shown up as too optimistic, and much will depend on whether the eurozone economy recovers more quickly than expected. The recent stock market rise suggests some expect a return of demand.
Osborne called the GDP figures "a reminder that last year was particularly difficult, that we face problems at home with the debts built up over many years, and problems abroad with the eurozone, where we export many of our products, deep in recession".
He added: "Now we can either run away from those problems or we can confront them. And I'm determined to confront them so we can go on creating jobs for the people of this country."
The shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, said: "Today's news confirms what business leaders, retailers and families have known for many months – that depressed confidence and a chronic shortage of demand mean our economy continues to flat line. This government's failing plan has now seen our economy stagnate for over two years and borrowing is now rising as a result."
Clegg used an interview this week to concede that in 2010 the government should not have cut capital spending as hard as the past Labour government planned. The admission discomforted the Lib Dem chief secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander, who denied Clegg had said this, claiming the government had spent £10bn more in capital investment than Labour planned. Labour produced counter-figures.
Clegg's remarks signal another Lib Dem push on capital spending ahead of the 20 March budget. In the past two government economic statements ministers have sanctioned small switches from current to capital spending, but Osborne is looking for further spending cuts in 2015-16, proposals that have led to resistance even from rightwing cabinet ministers. The business department has warned some of the cuts may require another hike in tuition fees.
The Lib Dems face a potentially difficult conference in Brighton just ahead of the March budget. Lord Oakeshott, a former party Treasury spokesman, said: "We Liberal Democrats signed up to the coalition agreement to get growth up and debt down, not to get stagnation and self-inflicted cuts. The Treasury does not understand this is a different type of recession because the banks are not lending. Treasury thinking is stuck firmly in the 20s."
Osborne is also under pressure from rightwing thinktanks which want him to offer tax cuts to boost consumer spending, with money taken from departmental efficiency savings and deeper welfare cuts.
Johnson said he would be publishing his seven-point vision for how the economy of London should look by 2020.
The mayor's new economic adviser, Gerard Lyons, has been working on the proposals, which Johnson said involved: building hundreds of thousands of homes; investing in transport infrastructure; boosting London's growth industries, increasing apprenticeships; low and stable tax rates; a "sensible visa" policy; building a new airport; and changing the language of the economic debate.
EXPERTS and conservationists have bitten back at Western Australia's tough new policies to prevent deadly shark attacks, which include the establishment of licensed offshore "kill zones".
Following the sixth fatal attack off the WA coast in two years last month, the state government announced tougher measures aimed at preventing attacks, but denied it was a cull.
Professional shark hunters will be paid to patrol WA waters, with a licence to kill any shark bigger than three metres spotted in designated zones spanning large parts of the metropolitan and south-west coastline.
And baited hooks will also be placed along the coast to catch sharks, with a larger strike team ready to scramble into action in the event of an attack.
Premier Colin Barnett said he knew the measures were controversial but refused to acknowledge he was sanctioning a cull.
Shark academic Christopher Neff, from Sydney University, disagreed.
"This is a tool that is used to kill sharks and to reduce populations - that is by definition culling," Mr Neff said.
"It is an unfortunate policy."
Two 'Marine Monitored Areas', stretching one kilometre offshore from Quinns to Warnbro in the metro area, and Forest Beach to Cape Naturaliste and Prevelly in the state's south, will be established in coming weeks.
And drum lines - drums with a baited hook fixed to the ocean floor and designed to attract sharks - will be placed one kilometre from the shore of beaches and surf breaks, and will be monitored daily.
Federal environment minister Greg Hunt was consulted about the policies before they were revealed.
But Greens senator Rachel Siewert said she would move a motion in parliament calling on the federal government to maintain protection of the great white shark.
"The WA government's announcement opens the door to sharks being caught and killed. Measures based on the capture and killing of a threatened and protected species is not a responsible step," Ms Siewert said.
Piers Verstegen, director of the Conservation Council of WA, claimed the move could actually increase shark attack risk.
"This new cull policy amounts to indiscriminate fishing, and will not only cull potentially risky sharks, but we can expect to see dolphins, turtles, seals, nurse sharks and a range of other marine life killed off our beaches."
Treasurer Troy Buswell, who loses the fisheries portfolio on Wednesday, admitted it was likely other marine animals would be caught with the baited hooks, and it was possible tagged sharks used for research could also be caught by the new policy.
But the government insisted public safety came first.
"This does not represent a culling of sharks. It is not a fear-driven hunt, it is a targeted, localised shark mitigation strategy," Mr Buswell said.
Experts from the University of WA - who are working with the government on research into sharks - have already said a cull would be a pointless reaction, and that a surge in shark-bite incidents off WA's coast are linked to the growing population, which means more people in the water.
Basic mono-G ramp into monsters deck, with a special focus on ETB effects and an interaction between Courser and Pyxis.
EDIT: Split Primadox with Temur Sabertooth, but haven't updated the descriptions. I'm not sure if I'm gonna want to pay the 1G every turn, but I also won't want more than one Primadox out at a time.
Moved Pyxis to sideboard because my local is mostly aggro.
1 drop
Elvish Mystic - Ramp rampington yalls
Pyxis of Pandemonium - Start milling yourself early and take a few risks. Once you have Courser of Kruphix out, you can control your topdeck. If it's too early to afford your fatties, save them for later; if it's too late to need your lands or mana dorks, shrug them off and see what's next. Then if you don't have shit else to play, pay 7 and bring out the reinforcements. Even better against opposing Coursers.
2 drops
Life's Legacy - Very underrated draw card. Cast it on a Primadox if you don't have anything fun to bounce yet. Or cast it on a Twingrove token. In this deck, you're likely to draw something better than what you sacrificed and still have the mana to cast it. I might drop it for another Shamanic Revelation since I'm not sure I'll need to cast it until late anyway.
Savage Punch - Green removal is meh.
Voyaging Satyr - I was using Whisperer of the Wilds to ramp, but Satyr gives me the combo with Nykthos.
3 drops
Courser of Kruphix - Smooth the topdeck.
4 drops
Roaring Primadox - A 4/4 with some win-more abilities on the ass end. Bouncing Hornet Queen or Kalonian Twingrove will probably end in a scoop.
5 drops
Nissa, Worldwaker - Essentially 1cmc by the time she's castable. Good for that last bit of ramp, and her ultimate wins.
Shamanic Revelation - Save your ass.
6 drops
Kalonian Twingrove - Mono-G makes this a fat guy in most cases. Roaring Primadox could keep 'em coming.
7 drops
Hornet Queen - While there's not much other flying in green, this is beyond making up for it. Another good Primadox/Sabretooth endgame play. I should probably drop Twingrove for two more of these but I kinda like the flavour between Twingrove and Nissa because I'm a dork.
(REUTERS, NYTIMES ) - US President-elect Donald Trump's transition team has issued a blanket mandate requiring politically appointed ambassadors installed by President Barack Obama to leave their posts by Inauguration Day, the US ambassador to New Zealand said on Friday (Jan 6).
"I will be departing on January 20th," Ambassador Mark Gilbert said in a Twitter message to Reuters.
The mandate was issued "without exceptions" through an order sent in a State Department cable on Dec 23, Gilbert said.
He was confirming a report in the New York Times, which quoted diplomatic sources as saying previous US administrations, from both major political parties, have traditionally granted extensions to allow a few ambassadors, particularly those with school-age children, to remain in place for weeks or months.
Officials from the State Department and Trump's transition team were was not immediately available for comment.
"Political" ambassadors, many of them major donors, who are nominated by virtue of close ties with the president almost always leave at the end of his term; ambassadors who are career diplomats often remain in their posts.
The order threatens to leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada and Britain, the New York Times reported.
A senior Trump transition official told the newspaper there was no ill will in the move, describing it as a simple matter of ensuring Obama's overseas envoys leave the government on schedule, just as thousands of political aides at the White House and in federal agencies must do.
Trump has taken a strict stance against leaving any of Obama's political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan 20, aiming to break up many of his predecessor's signature foreign and domestic policy achievements, the newspaper said.
Diplomats told New York Times the order has thrown their personal lives into a tailspin, leaving them scrambling to secure living arrangements and acquire visas allowing them to stay in their countries so their children can remain in school.
In Costa Rica, Ambassador Stafford Fitzgerald Haney is hunting for a house or an apartment as his family - which includes four school-age children and his wife, who has been battling breast cancer - struggles to figure out how to avoid a move back to the United States with five months left in the school year, according to the diplomats.
In the Czech Republic, they said, Ambassador Andrew H. Schapiro is seeking housing in Prague as well as lobbying his children's Chicago-based school to break with policy and accept them back mid-year.
In Brussels and Geneva, Denise Bauer, the US ambassador to Belgium, and Pamela Hamamoto, the permanent representative to the United Nations, are both trying to find a way to keep daughters from having to move just months before their high school graduation.
Ronald E. Neumann, the president of the American Academy of Diplomacy, a Washington-based nonprofit association for former ambassadors and senior diplomats, said it was reasonable to expect ambassadors to return at the end of a term, given that they are direct representatives of the president with broad grants of authority.
But he could not recall an occasion in which such a strict timeline had been applied. "When you have people out there whose only reason for being an ambassador is their political connection to the outgoing president of a different party, it's pretty logical to say they should leave," said Neumann, a career Foreign Service officer who held ambassadorships in Algeria, Bahrain and Afghanistan. "But I don't recollect there was ever a guillotine in January where it was just, 'Everybody out of the pool immediately.'"
W. Robert Pearson, a former ambassador to Turkey and a scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington, said the rule was "quite extraordinary," adding that it could undermine American interests and signal a hasty change in direction that exacerbates jitters among allies about their relationships with the new administration.
When we limit ourselves to reasoned critique we cut ourselves off from the everyday experiences of life under capitalism from which any revolutionary rupture must grow.
David Graeber's article on 'bullshit jobs' seems to have struck a chord, being widely republished and discussed, as well as inspiring numerous responses. One of these in particular, which takes on the slightly broader theme of ‘zombie social democracy', is very much worth reading. However, I think this debate raises a broader political question that's possibly more significant than the contested specifics here.
Graeber's style is very much that of the anthropologist - where the truth of a narrative isn't so much in its literal veracity as in its resonance and affective power, its meaning in a given context. This understandably infuriates Marxists, whose approach is one of critique, and who, intent on dispelling mystifications, set about pointing out all the errors. Father Xmas isn't even real! Read some value theory!
The result of this seems to be a split between emotion and reason. On the one hand, a 'wrong' analysis which resonates widely, on the other hand 'correct' critiques that seem only to circulate amongst the already-convinced. This seems symptomatic of a wider problem: we can have the sharpest, most erudite and incisive critiques going, but movements run on affect, so we're stuck talking amongst ourselves.
This is not to argue in favour of sloppy theorising and hasty generalisations, but to make the case for an affective politics which resonates in a way which links everyday life to the critique of capitalism. Graeber's choice of work, and mobilisation of anti-work affect, seems promising in this respect.
In general, I think there's a wariness amongst libertarian communists towards emotive politics. All too often, they're seen as inherently reactionary, or even deceitful or manipulative. Maurice Brinton's The irrational in politics is a classic text in this vein. From the Home Office and street racist refrain of 'go home' to the moralised trope of defending 'women and children', affectively charged slogans do seem to have an affinity with reactionary politics. Right-wing affective politics are also often downright counterfactual. See for example the fears of Sharia Law in the UK, or the weird and wonderful paranoias of the US Christian right and the likes of Glenn Beck. Libertarian communists understandably tend to prefer reasoned and empirically grounded analysis. Even to the point of packing 1,000 tightly argued words into a double-sided A5 leaflet (a pet-hate of mine).
The historian EP Thompson's work on the 18th century English bread riots is instructive here. He found that hunger alone couldn't account for the riots. Rather, it was the violation of collective norms - typically merchants seen to be exploiting food shortages to hike prices - which led to bread riots. Thompson writes that "an outrage to these moral assumptions, quite as much as actual deprivation; was the usual occasion for direct action." Collective norms are part of the material conditions of the class struggle. That said, the norms Thompson identified could be seen as fundamentally conservative, in the sense of defending already-established patterns of life and seeking to restore the status quo ante.
However, in Joe Burns' book Reviving the strike, he shows that the historic US labour movement, even its right-wing bureaucrats, accepted the slogan 'labour is not a commodity'. It's not hard to draw anti-capitalist conclusions from such a normative statement. For Burns, the violation of this norm everywhere in capitalism was the effect that fuelled the wild strikes in defiance of the cops, courts and the Pinkertons up until the 1930s. This suggests that moral or normative politics need not be conservative. Even if we rely on already-existing norms, those norms could be in conflict with the prevailing capitalist order.
Therefore I'd argue there's nothing inherently reactionary or manipulative about normative politics and the mobilisation of affect. The point is to resonate with everyday experiences in a way that's compatible with the critique of capitalism, rather than watering down the critique to appeal to the (imagined) popular audience. Such watering down is common on the left. Graeber's bullshit jobs piece is certainly guilty, singling out finance capital for criticism rather than capitalism itself. But while Marxists are right to reject such 'truncated critiques', it often comes at the cost of underestimating the moral or normative dimension of the class struggle.
It shouldn't be too hard to articulate an affective politics compatible with anti-capitalist critique. Anti-work seems like a good place to start. A recent Gallup poll found that 70% of American workers hate their jobs, 50% are just going through the motions to collect a paycheck and 20% are actively disengaged, putting energy into undermining their workplace. The situation is horrible of course, but it's a maelstrom of anti-work affect which goes some way to explaining the resonance of the 'bullshit jobs' piece.
Work is for the most part shit. It dominates our lives. Even potentially fulfilling roles are rendered dull and repetitive by compulsion - the horizontal compulsion to seek a wage and the hierarchical compulsion of managerial power. Work chews us up and spits us out. Work stresses us to breaking point that tosses us aside for fresh meat when we finally break down. Work's a vampire sucking on our lives and on our loved ones. It's miserable. Fuck work.
Recomposition's work stories are one of the few examples I've seen that really work to link the affective everyday experiences of work to both a (self-)organising practice and an anti-capitalist critique. I think we need more of this, not as an alternative to rigorous theoretical work but as a gateway and a complement. At one end of the spectrum short slogans summarise or even help enact collective norms, and work on a logic of affective resonance. At the other, detailed, reasoned, theoretical and analytical tomes make sense of the situation and work on a logic of reasoned persuasion and empirical rigour. These in turn help reinforce and validate the resonating affects.
We neglect the normative and affective dimensions of the class struggle at our peril: these are the stuff movements are made of. We aren't alone in our feelings of boredom, misery, and rage. The affective resonance that comes from talking about them helps establish the collectivity that is the basis for any movement to against the present conditions.
By Catalina Camia and Jackie Kucinich
USA TODAY
Updated 2:48 p.m. ET
Herman Cain said today he is suspending his presidential campaign, acknowledging the toll it has taken on him and his family as he battled allegations of an affair and sexual misconduct.
The businessman vowed to endorse one of his GOP rivals and announced he would try to change Washington from the outside. Cain unveiled a new website, thecainsolutions.com.
"The pundits would like for me to shut up, drop out and go away," Cain said at a rally in Atlanta. "Well, as my grandmother who lived to be 104 years old used to say when somebody was dead wrong, 'Bless their little hearts.' "
The effective end of Cain's campaign is the latest twist in the volatile race for the GOP nomination. Six different people -- including Cain, a former CEO of Godfather's Pizza -- have been atop the USA TODAY/Gallup Poll.
INTERACTIVE: Poll tracker
The current front-runner is former House speaker Newt Gingrich, whose own candidacy was on life support this spring. Gingrich and Cain are close friends, and Cain once said at a Republican debate that he'd pick Gingrich as his running mate if he had to choose from people onstage.
The leadoff Iowa caucuses will be Jan. 3 -- one month away.
Cain met with his wife, Gloria, and family Friday to discuss the allegations by Ginger White, an Atlanta woman who says she and Cain have had an off-and-on "sexual affair" for years. He said he gave White money to pay her rent and other bills without his wife's knowledge. Cain denied the affair and said he and White were only friends.
For Cain – the only major Republican candidate who has never held elected office -- the ride at times has been improbable. The longtime businessman, former trade group lobbyist and executive, and onetime radio talk show host was making only his second run for political office.
Cain billed himself as the unconventional candidate with the unconventional campaign, and rose from obscurity to upset the GOP field in September with a victory at the Florida straw poll.
From there, Cain started to receive national attention – and increased scrutiny – for his signature proposal calling for a 9% income tax, 9% corporate tax and new national sales tax.
By mid-October, he supplanted Texas Gov. Rick Perry atop the public opinion polls and was, for a time, the latest conservative alternative to Mitt Romney.
Cain hit a major roadblock Oct. 30, when Politico published a report about two women who filed sexual harassment complaints against Cain when he led the National Restaurant Association in the late 1990s.
Both women received cash settlements from the trade group. Cain strongly denied the claims.
Then Sharon Bialek, a Chicago-area woman, came forward and claimed Cain put his hand up her skirt and groped her as she sought his help to find a job in 1997. He said it "simply did not happen."
Bialek became the first woman to put a face behind the accusations, sparking an extraordinary news conference and round of interviews by Cain. His message was the same in each: He never sexually harassed anyone, the claims were "baseless" and "they" (referring at times to both the news media and Democrats) were trying to take him down.
Cain's recent troubles took their toll. He dropped in national and state polls, including a new one in Iowa where he was once neck-and-neck at the top with Mitt Romney. Although the Cain campaign said his fundraising was strong in October, there are news reports that the situation may have changed in recent days.
Cain's supporters gathered in Atlanta today for what was billed as a celebration for his new campaign headquarters. There were supporters attesting to his candidacy, music and food, then Cain and his wife, Gloria, appeared onsite.
They emerged from his campaign bus and walked hand-in-hand to the stage. Occasionally, the crowd chanted "Glor-i-a" and "Her-man."
Cain spent a few minutes thanking the crowd for getting him to what he called "the Final Four" of the presidential race. He told the audience it should take pride in proving "you don't have to have a political pedigree to run for president."
Then he acknowledged the price he and his family have paid.
"These false and unproved allegations continue ... to create a cloud of doubt over me and this campaign and my family," Cain said. "That spin hurts. It hurts my wife, it hurts my family, it hurts me and it hurts the American people because you're being denied solutions to our problems."
Cain is only the second major Republican to abandon his presidential bid. Former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty dropped out of the race in August after a poor showing in the Iowa straw poll.
Under the law, Cain can tap into the funds he has raised for the campaign as long as he doesn't use the money for personal reasons. He would be able to donate his presidential money to other candidates, party committees and charities. Cain could also return the funds or fold them into another political committee, such as a "super PAC."
(Contributing: Fredreka Schouten)
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a primary night press conference at the Mar-a-Lago Club's Donald J. Trump Ballroom March 15, 2016 in Palm Beach, Florida. Trump won the state of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich won the state of Ohio. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NSF) – Statistics can sometimes obscure the truth. But not in Tuesday's presidential primaries in Florida.
The numbers tell the story: total dominance by Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton from one end of the state to the other. Rural, urban, suburban, you name it. They won it.
Based on unofficial results from the state Division of Elections, here are seven takeaways:
THE BIG PICTURE
Trump, the New York billionaire whose outsider campaign has shaken the GOP, captured 45.7 percent of the Republican primary vote, demolishing Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who had 27 percent, and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who had 17.1 percent. On the Democratic side, Clinton, the former secretary of state, New York senator and First Lady, hauled in nearly 64.5 percent of the vote, while Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders won about 33.3 percent.
ONLY THE LONELY
Rubio needed to win his home state to remain viable in the presidential race. Instead, he won only his home county, Miami-Dade, lost the other 66 to Trump and suspended his campaign. Sanders won nine counties, but they were all sparsely populated rural counties in North Florida.
FAMILIAR TERRITORY
All roads to Democratic success have led for years through strongholds Broward, Palm Beach and Miami-Dade counties. And Tuesday was no different. Clinton captured more than 70 percent of the vote in each of the counties and beat Sanders by a combined total of about 235,000 votes in those areas.
HOME AWAY FROM HOME
Trump received 50 percent or more of the Republican vote in 30 counties. Most of those counties were relatively small, but not Palm Beach County, where he lives part of the year. He won 52.1 percent of the vote in Palm Beach County and beat Rubio by more than 35,000 votes. Other large or mid-sized counties where Trump dominated Rubio included Pinellas, Volusia and Marion.
BACK FROM THE DEAD
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley dropped out of the Democratic race after getting shellacked in the Iowa caucus. But apparently somebody in Florida likes him (or doesn't like Clinton and Sanders). O'Malley collected 38,824 votes, or nearly 2.3 percent, Tuesday. That included 2,398 votes in Hillsborough County and 2,160 votes in Pinellas County.
ROUGH RURAL ROAD FOR RUBIO
Rubio won a statewide U.S. Senate race in 2010, but many rural voters don't appear to have much affection for him. Not only did Trump win all rural areas, but Cruz topped Rubio in 27 counties — almost all of them rural. The only exception was mid-sized Bay County, which includes Panama City. Cruz has targeted Christian conservatives during the campaign, which could have helped attract rural voters across North Florida and parts of South-Central Florida.
GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN
Like O'Malley on the Democratic side, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has been out of the Republican race for a few weeks. But he still has loyalists and captured 43,449 votes Tuesday, good for nearly 1.9 percent of the GOP total. That included 4,949 votes in Pinellas County, 3,976 in Miami-Dade County and 3,336 in Lee County.
The News Service of Florida's Jim Saunders contributed to this report.
Few management innovations have clear starting points but one that does be the assembly line. One hundred years ago today, Ford's Highland Park Assembly plant began to use an assembly line. Here is how the Ford Motor Company describes things (Game Changer: 100th Anniversary of the Moving Assembly Line):
When Henry Ford began making cars in the early 1900s, “state-of-the-art” manufacturing meant car bodies delivered by horse-drawn carriage, with teams of workers assembling automobiles atop sawhorses. The teams would rotate from one station to another, doing their part to bring the vehicle together. Parts deliveries were timed, but often ran late causing pile-ups of workers vying for space and delays in production. Fortunately for the future of industry, these archaic practices came to an end Oct. 7, 1913. …
On Oct. 7, 1913, Ford's team rigged a rudimentary final assembly line at the Highland Park Assembly plant. Engineers constructed a crude system along an open space at the plant, complete with a winch and a rope stretched across the floor. On this day, 140 assemblers were stationed along a 150-foot line and they installed parts on the chassis as it was dragged across the floor by the winch. Man hours of final assembly dropped from more than 12 hours under the stationary assembly system to fewer than three. In January 1914, the rope was replaced by an endless chain.
By bringing the work to the men, Ford engineers managed to smooth out differences in work pace. They slowed down the faster employees and forced slower ones to quicken their pace. The results of mass production were immediate and significant. In 1912, Ford Motor Company produced 82,388 Model Ts, and the touring car sold for $600. By 1916, Model T production had risen to 585,388, and the price had dropped to $360.
Instead, a run scored in the eighth before the Indians rallied in the ninth for two runs, including a walk-off sacrifice fly.
CLEVELAND -- Royals second baseman Omar Infante struggled to fill in for rookie Whit Merrifield, who had the day off in Thursday's 5-4 loss to the Indians. Infante went 0-for-4 and was unable to turn a double play in the eighth inning that could've allowed the Royals to escape unscathed.
CLEVELAND -- Royals second baseman Omar Infante struggled to fill in for rookie Whit Merrifield, who had the day off in Thursday's 5-4 loss to the Indians. Infante went 0-for-4 and was unable to turn a double play in the eighth inning that could've allowed the Royals to escape unscathed.
Instead, a run scored in the eighth before the Indians rallied in the ninth for two runs, including a walk-off sacrifice fly.
View Full Game Coverage
On Friday night, Merrifield was back in the lineup and playing second base, where he's expected to stay for most of the season. He went 0-for-3 with a walk in a 6-1 loss at Progressive Field.
When Merrifield was called up on May 18, manager Ned Yost said Merrifield's versatility was a key reason for the move. But a few weeks into Merrifield's career, it seems his role is less ambiguous than being solely a plug-in utility player.
"He's going to play a lot of second bases," said Yost, who gave Merrifield a routine day off on Thursday. "The majority of the time, he'll play second base."
Overall, Merrifield's transition to the Royals has been fairly seamless. He's even surprised Yost to some extent.
Video: CWS@KC: Merrifield smacks two-run single to right
Yost acknowledged before Friday's game that Merrifield's impact was somewhat greater than he expected it being, even though Yost did have high expectations for the rookie. Part of that has shown itself on offense, as Merrifield entered with a .360 average through 50 career at-bats.
"I know what I'm capable of doing," Merrifield said. "I'm not saying I'm a .360 hitter by any means, but I know I can handle pitching at this level."
However, where Yost really credits Merrifield is on the defensive side.
Entering Friday, Merrifield had not made an error at any of the three positions he's played through 11 starts, with six starts coming at second base. He's also played third base and left field.
Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer called Merrifield one of the most intelligent players he'd been around, and credited Merrifield's fundamentals in whatever spot he was playing.
"He asks a lot of questions, a lot of stuff before games, so he's always prepared," Hosmer said. "He's at the right place at the right time, always. He's a heads-up baseball player."
Scott Chasen is a reporter for MLB.com based in Kansas City.
Just in time for the Nov. 8 presidential elections, a federal appeals court on Wednesday declared a New Hampshire law banning so-called ballot booth selfies "facially unconstitutional."
The 1st US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled (PDF) there was no compelling government need to restrict First Amendment rights and ban voters from disseminating pictures of their ballots or of themselves posed with their ballots. State lawmakers, when approving the law that carries a $1,000 fine, had maintained in 2014 that the statute was needed to combat voter fraud—like having people coerced into voting a certain way and then having to prove it via social media or by some other means, for example. The appeals court explained:
Digital photography, the internet, and social media are not unknown quantities — they have been ubiquitous for several election cycles, without being shown to have the effect of furthering vote buying or voter intimidation. As the plaintiffs note, “small cameras” and digital photography “have been in use for at least 15 years,” and New Hampshire cannot identify a single complaint of vote buying or intimidation related to a voter's publishing a photograph of a marked ballot during that period.
No federal law addresses the issue. That means across the US, the law in the 50 states on voting booth selfies remains mixed. There are a few court challenges across the country. The court that ruled Wednesday covers the states of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Maine. The Huffington Post has a lengthy guide on which state's it's OK to post a picture of yourself showing your votes this November.
In essence, the ballot-booth selfie issue is a collision of the nation's history of ballot box secrecy and a public willing to post selfies of themselves doing just about anything, from having sex to eating dinner.
In a friend-of-the-court brief in the New Hampshire case, Snapchat essentially argued that a ballot booth selfie was a God-given, American First Amendment right-of-passage. Ballot selfies, the company maintained, "are important ways that younger voters participate in the political process and make their voices heard." In a footnote, Snapchat defined the selfie as being, "a photo where the photographer is also a subject. But the term has also been used to describe all smartphone pictures shared online, including those here."
New Hampshire argued that its law outlawing selfies "preserves the integrity of New Hampshire elections."
"The statute secures voter's right to vote their conscience while in the voting booth," New Hampshire told the court.
The three-member panel circuit court's unanimous decision upholds a lower court judge who had ruled similarly.
On January 25 the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) will launch an emergency inquiry regarding the influence of pharmaceutical companies on the global swine flu campaign.
The inquiry will focus on the drug industry's influence on the World Health Organization (WHO).
The motion was introduced by Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, head of health at the Council of Europe, who has accused the makers of flu drugs and vaccines of influencing the World Health Organization's decision to declare a pandemic.
The motion has now been signed by 14 members from 10 countries sitting on the EU's Health Committee, who are angry that nations all over the world, and particularly in Europe, have wasted scarce health funds on a contrived “pandemic.”
The investigation is listed on the EU's draft agenda as “Request for Debate Under Urgent Procedure on ‘Faked Pandemics – A Threat for Health'.”
WHO, meanwhile, has slammed charges that the pandemic was fake, saying that allegation is "wrong" and "irresponsible." They also retorted that they had put into place numerous safeguards to prevent conflicts of interest among its advisers. Further, they said:
Former attorney general Eric Holder was the honored guest at a Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press reception on Wednesday (leading investigative reporter Murray Waas to reasonably wonder: How's that again?).
And while I was primarily interested in hearing whether Holder regretted whiffing on torture prosecutions during his tenure (see story: “Holder, Too Late, Calls for Transparency on DOJ Torture Investigation”), I also asked him about whiffing on financial fraud prosecutions.
Specifically, I noted his failure to hold accountable the people responsible for the wide-scale financial fraud that led to the massive economic recession of 2007-2009.
And I noted that after he stepped down from his post in April, he went back to his job at Covington & Burling, the gigantic D.C. law firm whose clients have included many of the big banks that Holder chose not to prosecute. (The reception was actually held at Covington & Burling's swanky new building downtown. While it was being built — while Holder was still attorney general! — the firm actually kept an 11th-story corner office reserved for his return. He was making over $3 million a year from the firm before his sojourn at the Justice Department; his current salary has not been disclosed.)
Holder bristled at my suggestion that there might be a connection between his current employer and his conduct at Justice, saying that many top prosecutors at Justice had pursued cases as best they could. “We were simply unable to do it under the existing statutes that we had, and given the ways the decision-making worked at those institutions,” he said.
However, Holder had all the statutory authority he needed to prosecute straightforward crimes such as robosigning fraud, perjury in front of Congress by Goldman Sachs executives, or for that matter, HSBC's money laundering for Mexican drug cartels. He simply chose not to. (In response to another questioner, he denied that any of his decisions not to prosecute were based on the massive legal teams that were fielded against the government.) Moreover, he actively waved off offers of additional help such as the suggestion from Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, that Congress give him more staff for his Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group, or extend the statute of limitations on some crimes.
At Wednesday's event, Holder continued: “It's an easy thing for people who are not a part of the process” to “ask questions,” he said. “It pisses me off, on the other hand,” for people “not conversant” in the process to “somehow say that I did something that was inconsistent with my oath or that I'm not a person of integrity.”
“I'm proud to be back at the firm,” he said. “It's a great firm. And I'm proud of the work I did at the Justice Department.”
Holder's comment was only the most recent in a series of pronouncements from formerly powerful government officials that they were in fact powerless — while talking tough once they no longer have the ability to do anything about it.
See, for instance, my colleague David Dayen's recent article, “Bernanke Talks Tough But Was Weak When It Mattered,” about former Federal Reserve chair Ben Bernanke saying that more Wall Street executives should have gone to jail for criminal misconduct that led to the financial crisis.
As Fed chair, Beranke could have initiated criminal referrals to the Justice Department, but chose not to.
As attorney general, Holder could have made pursuing financial fraud a top priority. And he did not.
TAMPA, Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have spent this week saying that the perceived minefield of unrest -- a result of reported situations involving quarterback Josh Freeman and cornerback Darrelle Revis -- is a bigger deal outside the team's facility than it is inside in the building.
Maybe that's because it didn't just come up.
According to sources involved, players mobilized a month ago in an attempt to get coach Greg Schiano to adjust what they felt were overly rigid and rugged coaching methods. After an August training camp practice, first-year Buc Dashon Goldson called the group together for a players-only meeting in the locker room.
The idea was to create an open forum, and Goldson took the complaints to Schiano. The coach addressed the team the next morning, telling the players that he would listen, but that they needed to trust that his way would lead to on-field results.
"When you come into a place and you have to change some things, you're not looking for a whole lot of suggestions at the beginning, because first you gotta figure out who your guys are," Schiano said when asked about the meeting. "Now, I really know who our guys are because they wouldn't be here if they weren't our guys. I really appreciate their feedback. But some of the pictures that have been painted ... it's not like they're outside the door with torches, 'We must change!'
"It's what I ask them to do: Give me feedback if you feel there's anything that needs to be said."
Goldson downplayed his leadership in the meeting, saying there were a number of Buccaneers players involved.
But having been in San Francisco under hard-liner Mike Singletary, and then the uber-intense Jim Harbaugh, the sixth-year veteran safety was able to bring perspective to his teammates on what works and what doesn't.
"I thought it was good, it was a good meeting, getting to hear guys' opinions on certain things," Goldson said. "We expressed that stuff, pulling together as a team. We have a lot of young guys out here, it was expressing what the expectations should be, being a professional, and at the same time, doing what's right."
Players had been upset about the nature of Schiano's second training camp with the Bucs, which some viewed as unrelenting, and that prompted Goldson to solicit feedback.
Even after that, some players didn't feel like enough changed, with one saying that, "He came into the team meeting, said you guys gotta trust me, we're in half-pads that day, then the next day, it's back to the same thing."
Part of the problem for Schiano, according to those around the team, has been continuing to sell his methods in the wake of the 2012 Bucs' 1-5 finish, with some players privately questioning his credentials. But others felt that those days in August did have a positive effect -- particularly because it was Goldson who stood up and said something.
"The leader that Dashon is, he was just trying to make sure that the atmosphere around here was loose," said another new Buc, Darrelle Revis. "So him bringing us up, asking us what we think about certain things around here, that's key for a leader to ask that question because we're here the majority of the time. It's six days out of the week -- we only get Tuesday off -- so you want the environment to be a little loose around here, and that's all I think Dashon was trying to do, get input with what we see as players."
Revis added that now, "I think we're fine. Everyone's being themselves. We're just trying to prepare for this week. No one's acting funny or different in any way."
Thousands shared stories telling us why they love football in a contest to win a trip to Super Bowl XLVIII. We chose 10 finalists. Now you choose the winners.
Schiano agreed that Goldson's presence did add weight to the August situation.
"Dashon was one of the guys in the meeting, and he ended up being elected a captain, so I think it's appropriate," the coach said. "They weren't big things, it was little things, like practice methods, ways we might be able to get more out of a period if we did this, or 'we need some more of this, coach,' or 'we're not seeing enough of that.' So there were some procedural things and some football things."
Now 0-2, the Buccaneers head to New England on Sunday trying to avoid the possibility of falling three games behind in the NFC South just 15 days into the season.
Schiano said that it was more difficult to change and adjust in his first year, as he set up his program, and now he can be more open to tweaking on the fly. Where that happens now, with the stakes raised, remains to be seen.
"I've been coaching 26 years, and there are gonna be some things you're gonna disagree with, and you gotta trust me because I've been coaching longer than some of you have been alive," Schiano said. "And then there are some things I gotta trust them on. They're doing it, and if they don't feel they can, then we have to adjust. But that isn't new -- Is that new this year? -- it's been my whole career, that's how I've operated."
And he emphasized that he'll continue to monitor any potential internal strife.
"The first meeting we had, I told them, this is the way we're gonna do things, this is our DNA, this is what we're about," he said. "But I learned a long time ago that I'd learn more from the players than anyone else, because the players are the ones that are doing it. So I strongly encourage the players, the leader to express to me if there are any concerns, if there's anything that can make us better."
Follow Albert Breer on Twitter @AlbertBreer.
When I read yesterday that the United States Supreme Court has decided to reopen an old Novell vs. Microsoft case dating back to 2004, I couldn't help but think back to what has happened between the two companies in the 20 last years.
If you weren't following the news back then, here's what went down: Four years ago, after a long fight in court regarding Microsoft's unfair marketing practices toward some of Novell's more-popular products, namely Netware, Quattro Pro and WordPerfect, the 2 parties acknowledged an out-of-court settlement of $536 Million concerning Netware. Unable to reach an agreement on the remaining products, the case was put aside by the authorities and was quickly forgotten by most people.
When I started using computer in the 1980s, THE de-facto standard when it came to word processors was named Word Perfect. Not only was Word Perfect multi-platform (Dos, UNIX, Apple-DOS), it was also the most easy-to-use word processor on the market. Those of you who remember WordStar will understand what I mean.
Don't get me wrong, when I say “most easy-to-use on the market”, that doesn't necessarily mean that it was like today's WYSIWYG software; you had to know your shortcuts, and writing a well-structured document was similar to writing an html page in notepad. Fortunately, WP was supported by an excellent, multi-lingual tech support service from our Mormon friends in Utah.
But then, when Apple came up with a graphical user interface (GUI) for their systems, a company called Microsoft (ever heard of them?) decided to apply the same concept to all their products. Thus, Windows and WinWord were born. A few months later, WPCorp understood that GUIs were there to stay and made the same move, elaborating a new graphical version of WP for Windows, Mac, OS/2 and DOS.
Unfortunately, when the time came to install WordPerfect on Windows, things weren't simple. Microsoft, dreaming of market dominance even then, had apparently hidden some crucial implementation details from the WPCorp developers, making the installation of WP a real pain in the behind for everyone involved. Bill Gates was immediately accused of disloyal practices, and of favoring his own office suite, which led to the consequential detriment of his competition. Even his prices were lower. Surprising, isn't it? Try to find an office suite that is more expensive then MS Office today… I'm sure you'll have trouble finding one.
As time passed, WPCorp eventually closed their doors and was immediately purchased by Utah-based Novell for more than $1 billion. That was in 1994. At the same time, the new owner of WP decided to purchase other products that would fit well together in a new productivity suite: Borland Quattro Pro, a spreadsheets application, and Paradox, a database system.
The result of the acquisition? A total failure. After trying to sell their new product to consumers for two years, the creators of Netware decided to sell their productivity suite to Canadian based company, Corel, for the amount of $170 million. An approximate loss of $900 million for Novell.
Since then, nothing much has really changed. Corel still owns the product, which has been re-branded as the WordPerfect Office Suite, an excellent and cheaper alternative to MS Office. But when it comes to being cheap, nothing beats Open Office though!
In fall 2004, eight years after the disastrous acquisition, Novell took Microsoft to court, accusing them of disloyal practices leading to the Word Perfect Suite's ultimate failure. According to Novell, Microsoft had hidden important details about their OS interoperability with applications, and also took action to dissuade certain PC manufacturers from including the WordPerfect suite inside their product offering.
Concurrently, Novell was accusing Microsoft of other tactics encouraging people to abandon the Netware Server OS, making its integration with Windows clients a real nightmare. I'm sure those of you who were working in IT back then remember a campaign where Microsoft was encouraging people who were running Netware to migrate to Windows 2003 by offering them $600.
As I said previously, Microsoft admitted their fault for this and paid $536 million to Novell, but the Word Perfect case had not been settled.
This is where the story is right now: Novell says they've been the victim of unfair business practices; Microsoft replies that the issue was caused by bad business decisions.
Who is right, and who is wrong? What is YOUR opinion? Let us know in the comments section.
Lastly, I'd like to thank Nelson over at Technaute, whose french article was mostly used to write this one. Thanks Nelson!
FOLSOM, Calif. — A 12-year-old middle-school student in Folsom, Cailf., committed suicide this week and friends and family say relentless anti-gay bullying was the cause because the boy was on the cheerleading squad last year.
Ronin Shimizu died shortly before 3 p.m. Wednesday, according to the Sacramento County coroner's office.
Police have not released any additional information regarding Ronin's death, other than to say it was “non-suspicious,” a term they use to describe natural death, accidental death or suicide.
But friends and parents said Ronin took his own life because of ongoing bullying.
Last year, Ronin was in sixth grade at Folsom Middle School and was the only boy on the school's cheerleading squad. Several classmates say Ronin has been called gay ever since.
The bullying got to be so bad, Ronin was taken out of school and had to be home-schooled. He was also being home schooled this year.
“He was bullied very badly,” Riley Coleman said as she teared up. The Folsom Middle School sixth grader was on the squad with Ronin last year. “It's not ok to bully people,” she told KXTV.
Neighbor Danii Bello, 14, said Ronin loved cheerleading and liked to make his own clothes.
Daniel Thigpen with the Folsom Cordova School District confirms they did get a number of complaints from Ronin's parents, according to KCBS-TV. They say they followed protocol, but friends say the taunting just wouldn't stop.
On Thursday evening, friends and members of the school's cheerleading squad organized a candlelight vigil near Ronin's home in Folsom.
Editor's Note: If you or a young person you know is LGBT and thinking about suicide, please call The Trevor Lifeline at 1-866-488-7386. For adults over 24, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
This Story Filed Under
“I want to apologize for how we handled the transition yesterday,” Pao said in a statement issued Friday. “We should have informed the moderators earlier and provided more detail on the transition plan. We are working to make improvements and create the best experience for our users and we aren't always perfect. Our community is what makes Reddit, Reddit and we let you down.”
Taylor had a reputation for being loved by the site's many volunteer moderators, in large part because she was especially responsive to questions and concerns. She also helped coordinate and schedule many high-profile AMAs, legitimizing the subreddit with interviewees like President Obama.
Pao posted to Reddit on Friday, directly addressing the community incensed by her actions:
“The bigger problem is that we haven't helped our moderators with better support after many years of promising to do so. We do value moderators; they allow reddit to function and they allow each subreddit to be unique and to appeal to different communities. This year, we have started building better tools for moderators and for admins to help keep subreddits and reddit awesome, but our infrastructure is monolithic, and it is going to take some time. We hired someone to product manage it, and we moved an engineer to help work on it. We hired 5 more people for our community team in total to work with both the community and moderators. We are also making changes to reddit.com, adding new features like better search and building mobile web, but our testing plan needs improvement. As a result, we are breaking some of the ways moderators moderate. We are going to figure this out and fix it.”
At the time of writing, the petition calling for Pao to resign has drawn more than 190,000 signatures from disgruntled users who feel Pao “has overstepped her boundaries” and “will run Reddit into the ground.”
The number of signatures grew exponentially after Taylor's firing, but more than 10,000 users had already pledged their support for the petition beforehand, citing concerns of censorship after Pao introduced stricter anti-harassment policies and removed five subreddits that were in violation of those guidelines. (The community manager of image site Imgur, which is widely used to share photos and GIFs to Reddit, came under fire recently as well for enforcing content guidelines.)
The AMA subreddit, in particular, benefitted greatly from Taylor's work during her time at Reddit: Its moderators noted in a post that she had been “a pillar of the AMA community and responsible for nearly all of reddit's positive press.”
Time's new cover of Aisha, an 18-year-old Afghan woman whose Taliban husband cut off her nose and ears because she ran away from his family's and his abuse, is horrifying, necessary — and a little misleading.
It's not the photo. That does appear to be the outcome of some serious thought by Time editor Richard Stengel, who writes,
First, I wanted to make sure of Aisha's safety and that she understood what it would mean to be on the cover. She knows that she will become a symbol of the price Afghan women have had to pay for the repressive ideology of the Taliban. We also confirmed that she is in a secret location in Kabul protected by armed guards and sponsored by the NGO Women for Afghan Women. Aisha will head to the U.S. for reconstructive surgery sponsored by the Grossman Burn Foundation, a humanitarian organization in California. We are supporting that effort.
He also says Time consulted with child psychologists over the impact the cover might have on children.
But it's not the image, which demands that apathetic readers to confront religiously-sanctioned violence against women without looking away. It's the headline: "What Happens If We Leave Afghanistan."
In fact, Aisha's abuse and mutilation took place last year, with U.S. troops' presence in the country and alongside Afghan women's significant progress on certain fronts. Women For Women in Afghanistan has some more details on her tragic background:
She was sold at the age of 10 by her father to a married man, a Talib. He kept her in the stable with the animals until she was 12 (when she got her first menstrual period). At the age of 12 he married her. From the day that she arrived in his house, she was beaten regularly by this man and his family. Sometimes she was beaten so badly that she couldn't get up for days. Six months ago before she came to us, she was beaten so badly by her husband that she thought that she was going to die. She ran away and went to the neighbor's house. The neighbor took to her to the police.
Advertisement
Such stories are obscene, not at all uncommon, and need to be told. But there is an elision here between these women's oppression and what the U.S. military presence can and should do about it, which in turn simplifies the complexities of the debate and turns it into, "Well, do you want to help Aisha or not?"
While Aryn Baker's story features the voices of many Afghan women who worry that the likely compromise with the Taliban vis a possible U.S. exit will curtail their new freedoms, it doesn't actually forcefully make the case that American military presence is the only solution to their problems. (That's probably because Baker is a reporter, not a commentator, and it's the job of headline writers to grab readers at almost any cost.)
There are, however, conflicting signals about how seriously committed U.S. officials are, in the context of an exist plan, to pushing back at the resurgence of the Taliban as it affects women in the country. One anonymous diplomat tells Baker, "You have to be realistic. We are not going to be sending troops and spending money forever. There will have to be a compromise, and sacrifices will have to be made." On the other hand, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently told reporters that women's rights are a "red line" that won't be crossed: "I don't think there is such a political solution, one that would be a lasting, sustainable one, that would turn the clock back on women," she said, after relative quiet on the issue last year.
Advertisement
What would turning the clock back mean exactly? This is something the story actually does describe in detail:
During Taliban times, women's voices were banned from the radio, and TV was forbidden, but last month a female anchor interviewed a former Taliban leader on a national broadcast. Under the Taliban, Robina Muqimyar Jalalai, one of Afghanistan's first two female Olympic athletes, spent her girlhood locked behind the walls of her family compound. Now she is running for parliament and wants a sports ministry created, which she hopes to lead. "We have women boxers and women footballers," she says. "I go running in the stadium where the Taliban used to play football with women's heads."
Advertisement
There is also a 25 percent quota for women in Parliament, although that hasn't always helped protect women's rights, as seen in the case of a bill that "authorized husbands in Shi‘ite families to withhold money and food from wives who refuse to provide sex, limited inheritance and custody of children in the case of divorce and denied women freedom of movement without permission from their families." (That's partly because some of the female parliamentarians are "proxies for conservative men who boosted them into power," according to one of their colleagues.)
As The Nation's Greg Mitchell notes, the story leaves out many other things that might happen if we leave Afghanistan, as well as other "on the ground" realities. And he points to Nicholas Kristof — no slouch on the issue of women's rights — arguing in today's Times that framing our presence in Afghanistan as an either-or between military engagement or abandoning the human rights of the vulnerable is a false premise:
An unbalanced focus on weapons alone is often counterproductive, creating a nationalist backlash against foreign "invaders." Over all, education has a rather better record than military power in neutralizing foreign extremism.... Aid groups show that it is quite possible to run schools so long as there is respectful consultation with tribal elders and buy-in from them... [Greg] Mortenson lamented to me that for the cost of just 246 soldiers posted for one year, America could pay for a higher education plan for all Afghanistan. That would help build an Afghan economy, civil society and future — all for one-quarter of 1 percent of our military spending in Afghanistan this year.
Advertisement
Let's at least make that part of the conversation.
Afghan Women And The Return Of The Taliban [Time]
Women Of Afghanistan: Living Under The Taliban Threat [Time]
What's Hard To Look At [Time]
One Soldier Or 20 Schools In Afghanistan? [NYT]
Response To Controversial Time Cover: What Also Happens If We Leave Afghanistan [The Nation]
Women For Afghan Women [Official Site]
Related: Clinton Warns On Women's Rights In Afghanistan [WP]
When showing off cool features of Ruby to the uninitiated (or to a language sparring partner), the excited Rubyist often shows off Ruby's "powerful block syntax". Unfortunately, the Rubyist uses "powerful block syntax" as shorthand for a number of features that the Pythonista or Javaist simply has no context for.
To start, we usually point at Rake, Rspec or Sinatra as examples of awesome usage of block syntax:
get "/hello" do "Hello World" end
In response, Pythonistas usually point to these syntaxes as roughly equivalent:
@get('/hi') def hello(): return "Hello World" def hello() -> "/hi": return "Hello World"
While the Python version may not be quite as pretty, nothing about them screams "Ruby has much stronger capabilities here". Instead, by using examples like Sinatra, Rubyists trade in an argument about great semantic power for one about superficial beauty.
Rubyists, Pythonistas and others working on web development share a common language in JavaScript. When describing blocks to "outsiders" who share a common knowledge of JavaScript, we tend to point at JavaScript functions as a close analogue. Unfortunately, this only furthers the confusion.
On the Ruby side, when PHP or Java announces that they're "adding closures", many of us don't stop to ask "what kind of closures?"
Cut to the Chase
Let's cut to the chase and use a better example of the utility of Ruby blocks.
def append(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? File.open(path, "a") do |file| file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return data end
Here, the File.open method takes a block. It then opens a new file (in "append" mode), and yields the open file into the block. When the block completes, Ruby closes the file. Except that Ruby doesn't just close the file when the block completes; it guarantees that the File will be closed, even if executing the block results in a raise. Let's take a look at the implementation of File in Rubinius:
def self.open(*args) io = new *args return io unless block_given? begin yield io ensure begin io.close unless io.closed? rescue StandardError # nothing, just swallow them. end end end
This means that you can wrap up idioms like pervasive try/catch/finally in methods.
# Without blocks def append(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? begin file = File.open(path, "a") file.puts YAML.dump(data) ensure file.close end return data end
Because Ruby runs ensure clauses even when the exception happened in a block, programmers can reliably ensure that Ruby executes teardown logic hidden away in abstractions.
This example only demonstrates the power of well-designed lambdas. With the addition of one small additional feature, Ruby's blocks become something altogether different.
def write(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? File.open(path, "w") do |file| return false if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file.read) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true end
In the above case, imagine that writing the data to disk is quite expensive, and we can skip writing if the MD5 hash of the file's contents match a hash method on the data. Here, we'll return false if the method did not write to disk, and true if the method did.
Ruby's blocks support non-local-return (some references), which means that a return from the block behaves identically to returning from the block's original context. In this case, returning from inside the block returns from the write method, but Ruby will still run to ensure block closing the file.
You can think of non-local-return as behaving something like:
def write(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? File.open(path, "w") do |file| raise Return.new(false) if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file.read) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true rescue Return => e return e.object end
where Return is Return = Struct.new(:object) .
Of course, any reasonable lambda implementation will support this, but Ruby's version has the benefit of feeling just like a normal return, and requiring much less chrome to achieve it. It also behaves well in scenarios that already use rescue or ensure , avoiding mind-warping combinations.
Further, Ruby also supports super inside of blocks. Imagine the write method was defined on a subclass of a simpler class whose write method took the raw data from the file and printed it to a log.
def write(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? File.open(path, "w") do |file| file_data = file.read super(location, file_data) return false if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file_data) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true end
In a purer lambda scenario, we would need to store off a reference to the self, then use that reference inside the lambda:
def write(location, data) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? this = self File.open(path, "w") do |file| file_data = file.read # imaginary Ruby construct that would be needed without # non-local-super this.super.write(location, file_data) raise Return.new(false) if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file_data) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true rescue Return => e return e.object end
You can also yield to a method's block inside a block. Imagine that the write method is called with a block that chooses the correct data to use based on whether the file is executable:
def write(location) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? File.open(path, "w") do |file| file_data = file.read super(location) data = yield file return false if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file_data) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true end
This would be called via:
write("/path/to/file") do |file| if file.executable? "#!/usr/bin/env ruby
puts 'Hello World!'" else "Hello World!" end end
In a pure-lambda language, we would take the block in as a normal argument to the function, then call it inside the closure:
def write(location, block) path = Pathname.new(location) raise "Location does not exist" unless path.exist? this = self File.open(path, "w") do |file| file_data = file.read # imaginary Ruby construct that would be needed without # non-local-super this.super.write(location, file_data) data = block.call(file) raise Return.new(false) if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file_data) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) end return true rescue Return => e return e.object end
The real benefit of Ruby's approach comes from the fact that the code inside the block would be identical if the method did not take a block. Consider the identical method, except taking a File instead of a location:
def write(file) file_data = file.read super(file) data = yield file return false if Digest::MD5.hexdigest(file_data) == data.hash file.puts YAML.dump(data) return true end
Without the block, the Ruby code looks exactly the same. This means that Ruby programmers can more easily abstract out repeated patterns into methods that take blocks without having to rewrite a bunch of code. It also means that using a block does not interrupt the normal flow of code, and it's possible to create new "control flow" constructs that behave almost identically to built-in control flow constructs like if and while .
Rails uses this to good effect with respond_to, which provides convenient syntax for declaring content negotiation:
def index @people = Person.find(:all) respond_to do |format| format.html # default action is render format.xml { render :xml => @people.xml } end end
Because of the way Ruby blocks work, you can also return from any of the format blocks:
def index @people = Person.find(:all) respond_to do |format| format.html { redirect_to(person_path(@people.first)) and return } format.xml { render :xml => @people.xml } format.json { render :json => @people.json } end session[:web_service] = true end
Here, we returned from the HTML format after redirecting, allowing us to take additional action (setting a :web_service key on the session) for other cases (XML and JSON mime types).
Keep in mind that the code above is a demonstration of a number of features of Ruby's blocks. It's very rare to see return , yield and super all used in a single block. That said, Ruby programmers commonly use one or more of these constructs inside blocks, because their usage is seamless.
So Why Are Ruby's Blocks Better?
If you made it this far, let's take a look at another use of blocks in Ruby: mutex synchronization.
Java supports synchronization via a special synchronized keyword:
class Example { final Lock lock = new Lock(); void example() { synchronized(lock) { // do dangerous stuff here } } }
Essentially, Java provides a special construct for expressing the idea that it should run a block of code once at a time for a given instance of the synchronization object. Because Java provides a special construct, you can return from inside the synchronization block, and the Java runtime does the appropriate things.
Similarly, Python required the use of try/finally until Python 2.5, when they added a special language feature to handle the try/finally idiom:
class Example: # old def example(self): lock.acquire() try: ... access shared resource finally: lock.release() # release lock, no matter what # new def example(self): with lock: ... access shared resource
In Python's 2.5's case, the object passed to with must implement a special protocol (including enter and exit methods), so the with statement cannot be used like Ruby's general-purpose, lightweight blocks.
Ruby represents the same concept using a method that takes a block:
class Example @@lock = Mutex.new def example @@lock.synchronize do # do dangerous stuff here end end end
Importantly, synchronize is a normal Ruby method. The original version, written in pure Ruby, looks like this:
def synchronize lock begin yield ensure unlock end end
It has all the hallmarks of what we've discussed so far. It locks, yields to the block, and ensures that the lock will be released. This means that if a Ruby programmer returns from inside the block, synchronize will behave correctly.
This example demonstrates the key power of Ruby's blocks: they can easily replace language constructs. In this case, a Ruby programmer can take unsafe code, plop it inside a synchronization block, and it will continue to work.
Postscript
I've historically written my posts without very many links, mostly out of a fear of links going out of date. I've received increasing requests for more annotations in my posts, so I'll start doing that. Let me know if you think my annotations in this post were useful, and feel free to give me any suggestions on that front that you find useful.
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers lost more than just a game at Heinz Field.
Pittsburgh likely will be without two key starters for the rest of the season, as Pro Bowl center Maurkice Pouncey and inside linebacker Larry Foote both suffered injuries Sunday that will require surgery.
Pouncey suffered a torn ACL and MCL in his right knee during the Steelers' opening possession of the game while Foote sustained a ruptured biceps later in the 16-9 loss to the Tennessee Titans, Pittsburgh's first home loss in September under head coach Mike Tomlin.
Maurkice Pouncey was carted off the field with a knee injury Sunday. AP Photo/Don Wright
When asked if they were season-ending injuries, Tomlin said, "I would assume so but that's an assumption at this point."
The injuries could exact a significant toll, as Pouncey is a three-time Pro Bowler who also anchors a young offensive line and Foote is a seasoned veteran.
"It's frustrating any time you lose guys that are key contributors, but that's the business we're in," Steelers defensive end Brett Keisel said. "It happens every year with every team. One man's misery is another man's opportunity, and someone's got to step up."
Pouncey is arguably the top center in the NFL, and his teammates elected the 24-year-old as a captain last week. The 6-foot-4, 304-pounder was a first-round draft pick in 2010 and became a starter shortly after the start of his first training camp.
Pouncey has since been a fixture at the position where the Steelers have produced such greats as Mike Webster and Dermontti Dawson.
Kelvin Beachum took over at center after Pouncey was carted off the field, and Tomlin said the second-year player did an "admirable" job. Beachum is a candidate to start at center, as is Cody Wallace, whom the Steelers signed last Sunday.
Pouncey suffered the injury when right guard David DeCastro fell on his right leg during a running play in the first quarter. He was taken to a hospital for an MRI, which confirmed that the injury was as bad as it looked.
"We were trying to cut [block] the nose [tackle], and I must have gotten a piece of Pouncey as well," DeCastro said. "I'm not very happy about it."
Neither is quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
"You never like to see a guy get hurt, regardless of who it is," said Roethlisberger, who passed for 191 yards, one touchdown and an interception against the Titans. "[Pouncey] is our captain and our leader, and obviously a very good friend. It's tough."
It may be even tougher for Foote, who is 33 and in his 12th NFL season.
The Steelers don't have much experienced depth at inside linebacker, with rookies Vince Williams and Terence Garvin and third-year man Kion Wilson behind Foote and Lawrence Timmons.
"I hope Larry recovers, that's a good friend of mine," outside linebacker LaMarr Woodley said. "But we've got to get ready for a game next week, so the guy behind him needs to be ready to step up this week and play."
Washington (CNN) Bill Clinton insisted Monday that attacks on Hillary Clinton over whether donors to their family foundation got special access to the Clinton-run State Department are politically motivated and untrue.
"All this stuff has been dragged out, and not one example -- not even one -- of something wrong has been cited," the former president said in an at-times contentious interview with Charlie Rose aired Monday night on PBS.
"But millions of dollars have been spent, and look what you're doing, Charlie," Clinton said, criticizing Rose's line of questioning.
The interview also touched on Hillary Clinton's recent health scare , with Bill Clinton saying, "She just got dehydrated yesterday."
Hillary Clinton's departed early from a commemorative ceremony at Ground Zero in Manhattan on Sunday, and a video revealed her wobbling before stumbling as she was assisted into her campaign van. Her campaign revealed hours later Sunday that she'd been diagnosed Friday with pneumonia, and said she'd become overheated that morning. Bill Clinton said nothing more serious is happening.
"Well, if it is (more serious) then it's a mystery to me and all of her doctors," Bill Clinton said, adding that similar instances have happened from time to time.
But Clinton also offered a robust defense of his charitable foundation. And he said he plans to step down from it's board of directors if Hillary Clinton wins in November, and that the foundation will stop accepting foreign and corporate contributions then as well.
Asked why he won't make those moves now, before November 8, Clinton said: "Because there is nothing wrong with what we're doing now and because I've got to wind it down. Because it takes time to undo this -- we've got a lot of lives on the line."
The Clinton Foundation funds and operates a long list of worldwide health and climate change initiatives -- including providing two-thirds of the world's HIV/AIDS treatment access.
"We have been as transparent as we can be, and we've been more transparent than any other foundation -- more transparent than any other foundation has been asked to be, and certainly more transparent than anybody else in this line of work," Clinton said.
"I have said, to the best of my knowledge, nobody ever got anything from the State Department because they supported the Clinton Foundation," he said. "If they did and it was inappropriate, I would say that was wrong, too."
Bill Clinton blamed voters' lack of trust in Hillary Clinton -- including polls showing three-in-five Americans say she isn't trustworthy -- on Republicans for their allegations that the Clinton Foundation's donors had enhanced access to Clinton during her tenure as secretary of state in President Barack Obama's first term.
"There's never been a foundation to disclose as much as I have," he said. "Then why don't people feel trust? Because of the way the disclosed information is selectively used."
Clinton said if Hillary Clinton is elected president, the foundation will continue operating his presidential library, working on community health and operating the Clinton Global Initiative for university students.
That, he said, can be done through individual contributions and donations from charitable organizations like the Carnegie Foundation.
"I don't know what the future will bring, but we need to be transparent ... and we need to recognize that if she is the president, there is the possibility of conflict," Clinton said.
Asked what the Clinton Foundation's most important achievement has been, Bill Clinton said: "We got the world's cheapest AIDS medicine to more than half the people on earth who are alive with it, including more than two-thirds of the kids.
"We built an organization that helped 430 million people in 180 countries just by getting people together, including organizing the first 500 tons of medical equipment to the Ebola epidemic, and it didn't cost the taxpayers a penny. And we made life better for a lot of Americans.
"We created jobs and saved lives. I'm proud of that. We got caught trying," he said.
Features
Virtually indestructible high-performance LED is regulated to maximize output and runtime
Total Internal Reflection (TIR) lens creates focused, versatile beam with significant reach and enough surround light to accommodate peripheral vision for situational awareness
Powered by two CR123 lithium batteries (included)—for maximum output/runtime
Constructed of high-strength aerospace aluminum with Mil-Spec hard anodizing for extreme durability
Integral tailcap switch—press for momentary-on, click for constant-on
Backed by SureFire's No-Hassle Guarantee
The M600P Fury Scout Light is all about performance, capability, and versatility. This highly adaptable WeaponLight features a recoil-proof, high-output LED that's focused by a proprietary TIR lens to create a high-intensity 600-lumen beam with significant reach and peripheral illumination, making it ideal for close- to medium-range applications. Just partially press the tailcap switch for momentary output—ideal for situations where intermittent light provides a tactical advantage—or press it all the way until it clicks for constant-on illumination. This customizable Scout Light can also be activated through a remote plug-in switch which is included with the weaponlight.
Built from rugged aerospace aluminum that's hard anodized with a Mil-Spec finish for added durability, the lightweight M600P attaches quickly and securely to any MIL-STD-1913 rail via its fully integrated thumbscrew clamp—without weighing down your weapon. O-ring and gasket seals help keep out moisture and debris, making this hearty Scout Light ready for action in even the most inhospitable and remote areas of the planet. Built for combat, ready for anything.
Fits: Rifles, carbines, and submachine guns with a MIL-STD-1913 (Picatinny) rail on the forend.
If research firm NPD Group is to be believed, the Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) Mac had 14% of PC sales in the US in February and 25% of the revenue share.
According to Apple Insider "The results -- first revealed in an investor note from Pacific Crest Securities analyst Andy Hargreaves on Monday -- represent 60 percent unit growth and 67 percent revenue growth over the same period one year ago. At the same time, overall US PC retail shipments grew just 9 percent on a 5 percent increase in revenues."
The information is probably not particularly good for Hewlett-Packard (NYSE: HPQ), and is probably especially bad for Dell (NASDAQ: DELL).
Unless iPod sales have dropped through the floor, the Mac info would indicate Apple is trading much too low.
Douglas A. McIntyre
What Is Samsung SmartThings?
SmartThings is the easy way to turn your home into a smart home. A SmartThings hub is the brain of your smart home, allowing your home to connect wirelessly with a wide range of smart devices and make them work together. SHIELD TV can be set up as a SmartThings hub.
What Can I Do with SmartThings?
SmartThings allows you to monitor, control, and automate a wide range of connected devices in your home. For example, you can set connected lights to turn on and off at the touch of a button, at the same time each day, when you open doors and windows, when motion is detected in your home, or when you say “Turn on the kitchen lights.”
Learn more about Uses for SmartThings in your home.
What Products Work with SmartThings?
SmartThings works with a wide range of connected devices, including lights, speakers, locks, thermostats, sensors, and more. Look for the Works with SmartThings label next time you're buying a connected device for your home.
Learn more about Products that work with SmartThings.
How Do I Set Up SHIELD TV As a SmartThings Hub?
With SHIELD Experience Upgrade 6.0 or later software, SHIELD TV integrates the SmartThings Hub. Download the SmartThings TV app from the Google Play Store on SHIELD to get started. Connect a SmartThings Link to use compatible ZigBee and Z-Wave smart home devices.
What If I Already Have a SmartThings Hub?
Only use a single SmartThings Hub in your home to avoid device conflicts. If you already own a SmartThings Hub, it is not recommended to reconfigure your entire smart home on SHIELD.
What Is the SmartThings Link?
SmartThings Link adds ZigBee and Z-Wave support for SHIELD TV. SmartThings on SHIELD can be set up without a Link, but will only connect to Wi-Fi or cloud controlled devices. You can purchase a SmartThings Link for SHIELD TV from Amazon.com or Best Buy.com.
Which Countries Support SmartThings on SHIELD TV?
SmartThings on SHIELD TV is currently supported in the United States.
Can I Control SmartThings using Google Assistant or Alexa?
Yes: Connect with Google Assistant or Connect with Amazon Alexa
Where Can I Find More Information About Setting Up My Smart Home?
Please visit the SmartThings online FAQ.
SmartThings Setup & Troubleshooting
If I already have a SmartThings Hub, should I set up a new SmartThings Hub on SHIELD with the SmartThings Link?
Probably not. Multiple SmartThings Hubs do not communicate with each other. If you are satisfied with your existing SmartThings Hub, it is not recommended to migrate your hub to SHIELD. Additionally, use of two or more hubs can cause device conflicts in your home.
Can I easily migrate my existing SmartThings Hub to SHIELD TV?
There is no easy way to migrate your current smart home configuration to a new hub.
Can I configure and control smart home devices using the SmartThings TV app on SHIELD TV?
Not at this time. Use the SmartThings mobile app to configure your smart home. You can use the mobile app or your voice with Google Assistant on SHIELD to control your smart home.
If I uninstall the SmartThings TV app, will I lose my SmartThings Hub configuration?
No. Your SmartThings hub will continue to function normally. You may re-install the app from the Google Play Store without affecting your Hub.
If I perform a factory reset on my SHIELD, will I lose my SmartThings Hub configuration?
Yes. Your SmartThings hub will need to be reconfigured and all your smart home devices will need to be reconnected.
Can I reset my SmartThings hub on SHIELD without resetting my SHIELD?
Yes. From the “About” screen in the SmartThings TV app, select “Reset SmartThings Hub”. You will need to remove the old Hub location from the SmartThings Mobile app.
I cannot connect my Z-Wave device to my SmartThings Hub.
Many Z-Wave devices cannot connect to a new hub unless they have been excluded. Please follow the manufacturer's instruction on how to exclude that device. To initiate device Z-Wave exclusion on the SmartThings hub, on the SmartThings mobile app follow these instructions.
My connection to ZigBee/Z-Wave devices is unstable.
We recommend using the USB extension cable included with your SmartThings Link. If your smart home devices are located far from your SHIELD, you may need to add devices with repeaters to extend the range of your network. For more information, see SmartThing's “Guide to wireless range and repeaters”
SmartThings is not detecting my SmartThings Link - New SHIELD TV (2017)
Check if your SmartThings Link is connected to USB 1 (the port closest to the HDMI cable). If you want to connect to USB 2, make sure the USB port is not configured for direct connection to PC
Under Settings > Storage & reset > SHIELD storage access uncheck “Using USB”
Can I connect my SmartThings Link to my SHIELD via a USB Hub?
Yes, however, connecting SmartThings Link to SHIELD via a USB hub may result in unstable connections to smart home devices. If you notice instability, we recommend connecting the SmartThings Link to SHIELD using the provided USB extension cable
I replaced the SmartThings Link on my SHIELD. My ZigBee/Z-Wave devices are not connecting.
ZigBee/Z-Wave devices pair directly to the SmartThings Link. If you replace your Link, you will need to forget those devices and reconnect them.
Last May, three Oregon basketball players–Damyean Dotson, Dominic Artis and Brandon Austin–were dismissed from the team after a police report detailing multiple gang rape incidents at a party emerged. The DA declined to prosecute the case, but said, “While there is no doubt the incidents occurred, the conflicting statements and actions by the victim make this case unprovable as a criminal case.” (the victim went to the police five days after the incident, after revealing what happened to her father, and even then was reluctant).
That brings us to January, when the victim filed a lawsuit against the University of Oregon for failing to properly investigate under Title IX. The University would have known by the time campus cops investigated on March 13th, 2014, before the Pac-12 Tournament. It also alleges that head coach Dana Altman was aware of prior rape allegations against transfer Brandon Austin from when he was at Providence College. The team did not take action until the police report became public.
And now, Katie Rose Guest Pryal at The Chronicle of Higher Education has a breakdown of a crazy loophole, and some despicable action by the University of Oregon, in defending the lawsuit.
It turns out, the University administration, as part of its defense, accessed counseling records from the campus counseling office, from the victim's visits with counselors, to use in its defense.
This was from the story a couple of weeks ago on Oregon's counterclaim (since dismissed after public outcry):
Earlier this month, an employee in the UO Counseling and Testing Center notified state officials that she believed UO administrators had improperly looked at an unnamed student's clinical files to help prepare for a lawsuit they believed the student was close to filing. A UO spokesman later told the Register-Guard that the lawsuit in question was indeed the Jane Doe civil complaint. The employee also wrote she was told to provide the student with “nonstandard care” because of the pending suit.
So, just to recap, if you go to a counseling center on campus, thinking you have patient-treatment provider confidentiality, sorry. The same Universities that will stand behind privacy and FERPA when investigated for their roles in looking into campus sexual assaults will use it as a sword and just go look at those treatment records whenever it suits them.
Guest Pryal does a good job breaking down the issues with FERPA, and why, amazingly, that is allowed under the law. Her response after making that discovery.
Students: Don't go to your college counseling center to seek therapy. Go to an off-site counseling center. If, God forbid, you've been sexually assaulted, try to find a rape-crisis center. It will have wonderful people to talk to, free of charge. (I know from personal experience.) You simply do not have adequate privacy protections if you go to a college-provided counselor. Sorry. (Or, in the University of Oregon's case, sorry not sorry.)
I suggest you read the whole thing, because the issues are much bigger than just Oregon–though their actions are reprehensible.
[Click on photo for bigger version]
Yesterday we checked in with USC volleyballer Jessica Gysin, who is dabbling with the AVP tour.
Today it's time to introduce you to one of America's best college volleyball players, Tara Mueller of Nebraska who is also spending some time this summer testing her game on the professional circuit.
Some forward thinking photographer snagged shots of Mueller in action, giving men a preview of what college beach volleyball would look like.
To say we're impressed would be an understatement.
Mueller and her partner didn't make it out of the Huntington AVP qualifier, lasting only 39 minutes, but long enough for the photog to snap shots that will now send Tara into blogosphere stardom.
But the real story here are the bikinis. The NCAA recently approved ‘sand' volleyball for varsity competition in 2010-2011.
From the look of things, how is it even possible this sport doesn't become an instant hit?
Throw Mueller up against Gysin, add in sun, some mixed drinks, tattoed fratties and you have a sport worthy of our attention.
The lockerroom photos should be interesting.
[Former Hottest College Athlete – USCâ€™s Jessica Gysin – Takes Game To AVP Tour]
[Tara Mueller Photo Credit]
[Tara Mueller Nebraska Photo Credit]
Kananga, Leyte (CNN Philippines) — A simple ceremony for a simple woman – this is how Vice President-elect Leni Robredo envisions her upcoming oath-taking on June 30.
To live up to her "dream" inauguration, Robredo said on Friday she preferred a particular person to swear her in.
"'Yung balak ko sana 'yung barangay captain nung pinakamaliit, pinakamalayo, pinakamahirap na barangay sa aking distrito," Robredo said, referring to Barangay Captain Ronaldo Coner of Punta Tarawal in Calabanga, Camarines Sur.
[Translation: My plan is to let the barangay captain of the smallest, farthest, poorest barangay in my district administer my oath-taking.]
Robredo visited the said barangay during the campaign, which is considered the most inaccessible part of the province as one would have to ride a boat to get there.
Aside from that, Robredo said she still had no other plans for her inauguration.
Related: Marcos camp to file election protest, bares 'secret server'
Traditionally, the President and Vice president-elect take their oaths together.
"Siguro, by the coming week, baka alam na namin, kasi kung hindi kami (President-elect Rodrigo Duterte) kasabay, kailangan din namin gumawa ng preparations," Robredo said.
[Translation: "By the coming week, we might already have plans because, if we (President-elect Rodrigo Duterte) will not be inaugurated together, we also need to prepare."]
Also read: Duterte and Robredo: What do they have in common?
For now, Robredo is satisfied with the transition process between her team and the camp of outgoing Vice President Jejomar Binay.
She said Binay's team has been helpful and diligent in turning over records.
SOCE before June 30
Meanwhile, Robredo is confident the Liberal Party (LP) will submit its Statement of Contributions and Expenditures (SOCE) before the oath-taking.
Under Comelec Resolution No. 9991, if a party fails to submit its SOCE, winning candidates under its wing will not be allowed to assume their posts.
Robredo also shrugged off criticisms for being the biggest spender in the vice presidential race.
"Siguro, kung titignan natin, ako 'yung pinaka-honest sa pagdeklara ng expenses," Robredo said. "Kung titingnan natin, 'yung mga nag-donate wala namang favors na kailangan. Naging very particular kami niyan before kami tumanggap ng donations."
[Translation: If you'll take a closer look, you'll realize that I have been the most honest candidate in the declaration of expenses. Donors need no favors. We've been very particular with that before accepting donations.]
Also read: Robredo confident her victory is clean
By David Edwards — All you need to know about Nick Roskelley's budget-built café-racer can be found hanging below the right side of the fuel tank. That's where you'll see a shiny aluminum bicycle tire pump. Like most of the components on this bike, it was not store-bought. In fact, “It was bent like a banana and thrown in a dumpster,” says the 54-year-old retired commercial diver. But the price was right—so home it went to Paignton, a small seaside town on England's south coast. After numerous meetings with a rubber hammer and the polishing wheel, it now looks good as new.
Roskelley calls his creation the “Harleyton 45” a rolling amalgamation consisting of a 45-cubic-inch (750cc) Harley-Davidson flathead V-twin housed in a 1960s Norton Featherbed frame. The engine, of 1942 vintage, was originally found in a WLC model, the Canadian-spec army bike, one of 90,000 military motorcycles Harley built during the war. An odd pairing of motor and frame, for which Nick takes no credit. He purchased the rolling chassis for the princely sum of $2000 just before the owner was about to turn it into a chopper, perish the thought. To date, he's laid out a total of less than $3500 in bringing the bike to the condition you see it here. That doesn't include numerous trips to the scrap bin for parts and many late nights in his small workshop persuading them to fit.
Much of the stainless-steel used throughout the bike was harvested from a secondhand set of kitchen cabinets, including the peashooter silencers. After bronze-welding stubs into the exhaust ports to work with headpipes found in another bin somewhere along the way, Nick hand-beat the stainless remnants into shape using an old Norton fork leg stretched between two axles stands as a kind of crude anvil. Welded up in the workshop, they were polished at slow speed on his lathe at home.
Fuel tank is from a Norton Dominator 99, repainted in Nick's shop, adorned with a script Harleyton 45 logo designed by a signpainter friend. Another strip of discarded stainless-steel, beaten pretty, secures the tank to the frame. Much effort was expended on the primary case, lineage unknown, taking power from the Harley crankshaft to a Norton four-speed gearbox. “An old guy told me it's off a BSA B33, but whatever it's from it doesn't leak,” Nick says with more than a little pride. Keeping ATF inside the primary where it belongs involved subtle machining, modern seals and a half-inch cork gasket.
Nick now has about 20,000 miles on his Anglo-American hybrid, with no major faults to report but some interesting cosmic moments. “I take my hat off to the WLC 45 engine. She holds about 95 miles an hour on the flat along Slapton Beach, a place so many American troops lost their lives training for the Normandy landings in World War II,” Nick explains. “I wonder if machines can have soul? A shard of the romantic in me says yes.”
Photos by Neale Bayly.
Kenneth Wilson, the Nobel Prize-winning physicist who pointed the way to a detailed understanding of some of the most familiar phenomena in nature, such as the transformation of water into ice, died June 15 at a nursing home in Saco, Maine. He was 77.
The cause was complications from lymphoma, according to Cornell University, where Wilson taught for most of his career. He was a resident of Gray, Maine.
The 1982 physics Nobel recognized Wilson's sophisticated explanations for the sudden, significant and widely observed shifts from one state of matter to another. Such changeovers include those between liquid and solid and between vapor and liquid.
In effect, he created a powerful general theory that could be applied to such specific and age-old questions as why ice melts and why water boils. The work also explained lesser-known occurrences such as abrupt changes in matter's magnetic properties and its ability to conduct electricity.
His areas of research required new mathematical tools that could cope with the moment-by-moment goings-on in an unruly and unseen world of darting, swirling atoms and molecules, all simultaneously pulling and pushing at each other.
Phase transitions occur at the intersection of precise levels of temperature, pressure and volume, known as the critical point. The critical point is a place where different states might coexist in precarious equilibrium, each on the verge of becoming the other.
Wilson's theories explained in the most minute detail what happened at that point.
Even beyond that success, Wilson was admired for the qualities of mind he showed in achieving it. He was praised for his work in elementary particle physics and for his ability to adapt to phase-transitions research a concept known as the renormalization group. This was a way of eliminating troublesome divergences that showed up in quantum field theory, a major scientific effort to account for the most basic phenomena in the universe.
From 1988 until retiring in 2006, he was a professor at Ohio State University and helped start its Physics Education Research Group. The way he thought about physics — and about how to think about physics — made him influential among colleagues, but he also relished being a bit of a provocateur.
“If your aim is to have an impact on science literacy — in fact, on literacy in all its forms — you need to rivet your attention on the 46 million students in our public schools, not on graduate students in our universities,” Wilson once said. “And you need to understand the challenges confronting K-12 teachers.”
“My view,” he added, “is that in light of the extraordinary demands we make on teachers today, the timeline for teacher preparation ought to be 10 to 20 years.”
Kenneth Geddes Wilson was born Jan. 8, 1936, in Waltham, Mass., and was the oldest of six children. His father, E. Bright Wilson Jr., was a Harvard University chemist who did leading work on the study of molecules through their microwave emissions. His mother, the former Emily Buckingham, did graduate work in physics before her marriage.
Kenneth Wilson once said he spent his time waiting for the school bus figuring out cube roots. His father brought him books on mathematics and physics; he skipped several grades and said he found high school “dull.”
At Harvard, he was twice among the top five in the country in the annual Putnam Prize mathematical competition. He was a track star as well, and a champion college miler.
He completed his undergraduate studies in 1956, then did graduate work at the California Institute of Technology. Despite his demonstrated mathematical prowess, he chose physics as the subject of his studies. “It was connected to the real world,” he explained.
At Caltech, he worked with Nobel laureates including Murray Gell-Mann and began an involvement with the study of elementary particles and with quantum field theory that led to his interest in renormalization and to his Nobel work.
He received his doctorate in 1961 and began working at the Swiss-based CERN, the European nuclear research center. Two years later, was recruited to the physics faculty at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y.
“I accepted the offer because Cornell was a good university, was out in the country and was reputed to have a good folk dancing group, folk-dancing being a hobby I had taken up as a graduate student,” he wrote in a biographical statement when he received the Nobel.
He was an early user of computers, which attracted him by their promise of coping quickly with the vast number of equations generated by many molecules influencing each other during phase transitions.
Wilson is survived by wife Alison A. Brown; brother David Wilson, a professor of molecular biology at Cornell; sister Nina Cornell; half-sister Anne Goldizen; half-brothers Steven and Paul Wilson; and stepmother Thérèse Wilson.
Wilson was known for his eagerness to avail himself of the power of computers, and he was an advocate for creation of supercomputer centers in the United States. In the 1980s, he also pushed the National Science Foundation to get the supercomputers connected by innovative technologies that became the Internet.
In an interview once, he was asked where the inspiration came from for a key research step.
“From my utter astonishment at the capabilities of the Hewlett-Packard pocket calculator,” he said.
He continued: “I buy this thing and I can't take my eyes off it, and I have to figure out something that I can actually do that would somehow enable me to have fun with this calculator.”
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Middlesbrough FC will be promoted to the Premier League if they avoid defeat against Brighton on Saturday.
Aitor Karanka's side now know a draw at the Riverside against the third-place Seagulls will be enough to book their place in the top-flight next season.
That's because Brighton were held to a 1-1 draw by Derby County in this afternoon's Championship clash at the Amex Stadium, with Andreas Weimann grabbing a second half goal for the Rams before James Wilson's last-gasp leveller.
And Brighton will be without suspended defender Lewis Dunk, who was sent off after receiving two yellow cards.
The result allowed Burnley to clinch promotion after beating QPR 1-0 at Turf Moor, while Boro will join them in the Premier League next season if they get a positive result against Brighton in front of a sell-out Riverside.
The game between Boro and Brighton on Saturday has been confirmed for Sky Sports coverage (kick-off 12.30pm).
It is Boro's 15th Championship match which has been picked for TV coverage this season.
Boro games that have been shown on Sky Sports this season:
August 9: Preston 0 Boro 0
September 19: Nottingham Forest 1 Boro 2
September 27: Boro 3 Leeds 0
November 20: Boro 1 QPR 0
December 4: Ipswich 0 Boro 2
December 19: Brighton 0 Boro 3
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
December 28: Boro 1 Sheff Wed 0
February 15: Leeds 0 Boro 0
March 4: Boro 2 Wolves 1
March 13: Charlton 2 Boro 0
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
March 18: Boro 1 Hull 0
April 1: QPR 2 Boro 3
April 16: Bolton 1 Boro 2
April 29: Birmingham 2 Boro 2
Boro record on Sky Sports this season: Played 14, won 10, drawn 3, lost 1
Today, the Hmong American Farmers Association includes more than 100 farmers and is tackling the kind issues that have been problems for decades.
Like many in Minnesota's Hmong-American community, Pakou Hang comes from a family of farmers. “Even when we very young, starting from elementary school, we were helping our parents out in the field,” she said. “So it's been a big part of our lives and we have that background.”
Which is why, despite working in politics and as a community organizer for much of her career, Hang decided to study some of the challenges that Hmong farmers were facing when she was named a Bush Leadership fellow several years ago.
After she began conducting interviews with the farmers, she quickly came to realize that many Hmong farmers had similar challenges, often around access to land, markets and programs designed to help the state's farmers, including training materials — since they were all in English.
From those initial talks, Hang saw that the farmers were determined to succeed — but that there was a place for an organization could bring them together and help them along. So in 2011, Hang and her brother, Janssen Hang, co-founded the Hmong American Farmers Association, where Pakou Hang now works as executive director.
“The creation of HAFA really was an act of self-determination, where people were saying, ‘We can save ourselves,'” she said. “We know what the problem is and we know what the solutions are and we have to work together.”
Today, HAFA includes more than 100 farmers and is tackling the kind issues that have been problems for decades — things like not having access to land or government programs designed for large commodity farming instead of small specialty crop farming — the kind of farming that most Hmong farmers engage in. It's also poised to do a lot more in the coming months and years. In mid-November, HAFA was named as one of the winner's of this year's Bush Foundation Prize for Community Innovation, which comes with an award of $247,525.
Multiplying prosperity for the entire community
Once HAFA was able to identify the systemic problems facing farmers, it wanted to make sure it created systemic solutions to deal with those issues. For the farmers to do well and thrive year after year, the whole model for Hmong farmers had to be addressed, said Hang.
One of those systemic solutions was to get HAFA members to embrace the idea of building community wealth. So the group formed a land cooperative with members after purchasing a 155-acre farm in Dakota County. There, members can lease land and sell their produce to a HAFA food hub that sells their products through community-supported agriculture shares, schools and grocery stores.
“When we think of traditional economic development, we often ask ‘Who can we attract to our community,' right? … What we've done at HAFA is said, ‘Let's look at who lives in the community right now and ask them about their hopes and challenges and how do we build them up,” Hang said.
Photo by Media Mike Hazard For the farmers to do well and thrive year after year, the whole model for Hmong farmers had to be addressed.
Among other things, Hang said HAFA's community wealth development is about making sure people know how crucial Hmong farmers have been in building the Twin Cities' local food economy. Indeed, Hmong American farmers today make up more than 50 percent of all the farmers in metropolitan farmers markets.
Since its inception, HAFA has seen the effects it's had on the farmers and the community it serves, but the Bush Foundation award came as a surprise, said Hang. Duchesne Drew, Community Network Vice President for the Bush Foundation, said that the reason HAFA stood out was because they were able to demonstrate that they do their work in an collaborative and resourceful manner. “It's in their DNA,” said Drew. “It's who they are. Their work is changing lives and changing systems by creating a more equitable environment for Hmong farmers.”
Hang believe that the possibilities of what HAFA can do not just for the Hmong community — but for the local food economy — are endless. “I hope that HAFA helps spur a revitalization of what we think of as wealth in our community,” she said. “That it's not just about income that I'm earning myself, it's about what I'm building to multiply prosperity for the entire community and to lift others up as well.”
Subprime 2.0: The White House is rolling out a new low-income mortgage program that for the first time lets lenders qualify borrowers by counting income from nonborrowers living in the household. What could go wrong?
The HomeReady program is offered through Fannie Mae, which is now controlled by Obama's old Congressional Black Caucus pal Mel Watt. It replaces the bankrupted mortgage giant's notorious old subprime program, MyCommunityMortgage.
In case renaming the subprime product fails to fool anybody, the affordable-housing geniuses in the administration have re-termed "subprime," a dirty word since the mortgage bust, "alternative."
So HomeReady isn't a subprime mortgage program, you see, it's an "alternative" mortgage program.
But it might was well be called DefaultReady, because it is just as risky as the subprime junk Fannie was peddling on the eve of the crisis.
At least before the crisis, your income had to be your own. But now, as a renter, you can get a conventional home loan backed by Fannie by claiming other people's income. That's right: You can use your apartment roommate's paycheck to augment your qualifying income. Or your abuela.
You can even claim the earnings of people who are not occupants, such as your parents, under this program.
You don't have to bring much financial wherewithal to the table. You can even live in government-subsidized housing.
Just as long as you round up enough income-earners and pool finances to help meet the debt-to-income ratio of 43%.
You don't need good credit either. You can qualify with a FICO credit score as low as 620, which is subprime. And you can put as little as 3% down.
It's available for first-time homebuyers and repeat deadbeats. It will also expand to include refinancings.
It's all part of a government campaign to ease access to home loans for Hispanic immigrants who tend to live in groups and pool finances.
Fannie says that 1 in 4 Hispanic households share dwellings — and finances — with extended families. It says this is a large "underserved" market.
The program actually targets properties "in high-minority census tracts."
The National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals, a liberal trade group, is praising the move, arguing it will bring tens of thousands of Hispanic families into the home market who have been "skipped over" by stingy (meaning prudent and responsible) lenders.
"It's very encouraging," NAHREP Chief Executive Gary Acosta said. "It demonstrates that Fannie has done a lot of work on the issue of identifying ways to qualify more people."
Fannie and its regulators say, don't worry — this new program won't introduce any undue risk into the mortgage-finance system.
Gee, where have we heard that before?
Fact is, outside income is hard to verify and seldom stable. And low down payment and credit scores are the two most reliable indicators of default risk.
To assure such high-risk borrowers understand the importance of making their monthly mortgage payments, Fannie requires mortgage lenders to ask HomeReady applicants to take a four-hour online course on homeownership.
Well, there you go. Good as gold.
Most troubling, Wells Fargo and other big mortgage lenders have already signed on. More will soon follow as the program rolls out in a big way through Fannie's automated underwriting system later this year.
We've seen this movie before, and it does not end well. Like MyCommunityMortgage, HomeReady will simply expand into lower and lower income markets while slashing requirements and burning lending standards even more.
Eventually it will become a no-income, no-job, nothing-down giveaway.
That is, NINJA loans (but with pro-forma official documentation to satisfy the bogus Qualified Mortgage rule).
Here we go again. Full circle back to mortgage hell.
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird is shrugging off his less than cordial welcome in the West Bank.
Palestinian protesters hurled eggs and shoes at Baird's convoy in Ramallah, accusing Canada of siding with Israel.
The minister was not hit, and later joked that he got a lot worse when he was a cabinet minister in the Mike Harris government in Ontario.
Baird says his meeting today with the Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad Malki was "cordial and constructive" and said it included "candid and frank exchanges on areas where we differ in opinion."
The protesters held signs reading: "Baird you are not welcome in Palestine."
CBC's Derek Stoffel said Baird downplayed the incident while talking to reporters later in Jerusalem, after his meeting with Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman.
"Listen, I was in Mike Harris's cabinet for four years. I've had a lot worse," he said, referring to the man who was Ontario's premier from 1995 until 2002.
Activists from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party had earlier called for a boycott of the minister because of the Canadian government's perceived pro-Israel stance.
Baird is in the region for four days of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian officials.
A group of protesters gathered in Ramallah as Foreign Minister John Baird met with his Palestinian counterpart in the West Bank city. (Reuters)
Canada is opposed to the recent Palestinian bid to pursue war crime charges against Israel.
Baird's statement says he asked Malki to "strongly reconsider the consequences of moving forward with any action that may be counterproductive to a negotiated solution with the State of Israel."
It was also his first meeting with the Palestinian Authority since the United Nations Security Council blocked a Palestinian motion to set a three-year deadline for the establishment of a Palestinian state on lands occupied by Israel.
Baird has spoken out against the move, as he has with similar Palestinian statehood initiatives at the United Nations.
Canada was among a handful of countries that voted against Palestinians' successful bid to become a non-member state at the UN General Assembly in 2012. This month, Baird called a Palestinian move to join the International Criminal Court "concerning and dangerous".
He now heads back to Israel to continue his consultations.
A Massachusetts city‘s packed school system is being forced to accept illegal-alien adults.
Adult illegal immigrants posing as unaccompanied alien children appear to be attempting to enroll at public high schools, city officials in Lynn, Mass., tell National Review Online.
“Some of them have had gray hair and they're telling you that they're 17 years old and they have no documentation,” Jamie Cerulli, the Lynn mayor's chief of staff, tells NRO. “If my children went to the public schools, I'd be very uncomfortable with all of these unaccompanied minors [that] are placed in the ninth grade.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Admission of all foreign students — illegal immigrants, refugees, and foreign nationals — has increased by more than 500 students since the 2010–2011 school year, Catherine Latham, the city's superintendent of schools, tells NRO. Last school year, nearly 250 students arrived from Guatemala, including 126 enrolled in the ninth grade.
The majority of unaccompanied Guatemalan children arriving in the city hail from the city of San Marcos, Latham says, and are drawn by Lynn's large Guatemalan population.
NRO has obtained Department of Health and Human Services documents and images of two unaccompanied aliens living in Lynn that appear to challenge the notion that the age information listened for these “children” on their documents is accurate.
Isai, pictured above (his full name has been withheld), was released from an HHS shelter to a person identified as a “family friend,” living in Lynn, according to his “Verification of Release Form” from HHS's Office of Refugee Resettlement. According to the information provided on the form, HHS approved Isai's release less than a month before the date of his 18th birthday.
Candelaria (full name also withheld), pictured above, was released from a shelter in El Paso, Texas, to her sister Amelia who lives in Lynn, according to her Verification of Release Form. Candelaria's record also claims she was 17 years old at the time of her release.
Isai and Candelaria are enrolled in the ninth grade and are expected to arrive in class this fall, Latham confirmed to NRO. When potential age discrepancies arise, Latham says city officials visit the residences of the “minors” to attempt to verify the age of the individuals in question. On one occasion that she's aware of, Latham says a relative at one such residence identified an illegal immigrant “child” as between the ages of 30 and 35.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The school system has turned away a handful of people who appeared too old, Latham says, but she's suspicious of a quite a few other cases.
#page#Upon reviewing the HHS documents, Jessica Vaughan, Center for Immigration Studies' director of policy studies, tells NRO that the presence of a fingerprint identification number on Candelaria's record suggests she previously entered and exited the U.S. “To me it calls into question how much screening is actually going on here and I believe these are clearly cases that are different from what we are lead to believe,” Vaughan says. “There are a lot of red flags here for me.”
Sometimes fraud is remarkably obvious. Latham says any child that plans to attend Lynn Public Schools must make an appointment with the Parent Information Center and provide identification and residency information in order to be accepted and placed into one of the public schools.
Advertisement
In one instance, an unaccompanied alien minor brought a warrant for his arrest to the center and provided it to center officials. The minor could not read the English-language document, and presented it to the officials, Latham says. After receiving the arrest warrant from the center, she notified police, and says the Department of Homeland Security became involved.
DHS told the city not to do anything and said that they would pick up the minor, Latham says. To her knowledge, the minor was never picked up.
Some alien children arrive with others who help them secure a spot at a local school, and don't make such mistakes. Latham says some children arrive with family members, while other show up with lawyers and “advocates.” Federal policy prohibits city officials from inquiring into any child's immigration or citizenship status and background, Latham explains (the policies lie in “Dear Colleague” letters sent from federal officials at the Departments of Justice and Education).
Many alien children leave school voluntarily. Latham says. UACs drop out to go work in landscaping when the weather is nice, and return when the cold weather arrives. She says one child in the school system has dropped out four separate times to go to work, creating significant problems for the school system's enrollment data. “Every time they drop out they are counted against us,” Latham says. “There are issues in data that these students are creating for us that we're trying to figure out what to do with now.”
Advertisement
The students have overwhelmed the city, and strained available resources. Cerulli says the mayor's office has asked its departments to scale back their operations in order to direct more resources toward the influx of unaccompanied children.
Advertisement
Classes have already filled up for this fall, Latham says, and she's actively searching for space to expand the schools' operation and accommodate the children flooding the system. She says she doesn't know what the city will do when it runs out of space. “[I'm] not only concerned for this fall, but for next fall,” Latham says. “There are no buildings left.”
— Ryan Lovelace is a William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow at the National Review Institute.
The guava moth, which ruins feijoas, is getting worse and spreading south from Northland, growers say.
Photo: 123RF
The pest, which came from Australia 20 years ago, is typically found in the subtropical climates of Auckland and Northland, but Northland grower Peter Jack said it was now in Waikato and could survive as far south as Nelson.
Photo: Northland Regional Council www.nrc.govt.nz
The moth attacks feijoa by making a pinprick hole as it burrows into the fruit, and then the fully grown caterpillar chews its way out.
Mr Jack said, because it was spreading to many private orchards and gardens, it was hard to say how far it had gone.
"There's not enough research done on it that if it does become a really big issue, to combat it.
"That's why we are getting a bit of publicity, to see if we can actually get some funding to see if we can find something out there we can control it with - whether it is a predator, an insecticide, or a lure and kill pheromone."
It was becoming a "bit of a nightmare" for his orchard, and he'd lost half his crop this season, he said.
"With this wet season, I think they've bred maybe two or three times. Unlike the fruit fly, this thing will handle cold weather, so it has the capability of being just as much a problem."
The Feijoa Growers Association is applying for funding to research solutions.
Show full PR text
Dec 27, 2013
A New Ford Mustang for Christmas
Images of new cars sitting in a snowy driveway wrapped in a big red bow have long been a staple of automotive advertising this time of year. But unlike those marketing scenarios, this is the true story of a 16-year-old boy who got a very special Ford Mustang for Christmas in 1964.
As 1964 drew to a close, Mustang had been on sale for about eight months, and it was already clear the car would become one of the biggest new model hits of all time. That first year it would top 418,000 sales.
One of the factors that made Mustang so appealing was the ability for customers to personalize the car to their own tastes. With three available bodystyles, four engines, 17 colors and myriad other options, Mustang was widely promoted as "The car designed to be designed by you."
Throughout Mustang's history, the car was available in some special-order custom colors such as Playboy Pink in 1968 and Mystichrome in 2004. In 1964, a very special Mustang fastback was sent to the paint shop to be coated in a pearlescent white finish with slim blue racing stripes over the top of the body and along the rocker panels.
Other exterior details setting this Mustang apart were a functional hood scoop, chrome trim on the three gills in the headlamp buckets, and fender-mounted rearview mirrors similar to Mustangs sold in Europe at that time.
There was another, more subtle detail most people probably wouldn't notice. The rear fuel filler cap, which was typically adorned with the galloping pony logo, featured the initials "EBF II," for Edsel B. Ford II, great-grandson of company founder Henry Ford. Then-Ford Motor Company CEO and president Henry Ford II had had this Mustang prepared as a gift for his son's 16th birthday, which fell on Dec. 27, 1964.
"I came downstairs that Christmas morning with my sisters, and my father indicated I should take a look outside," said Edsel Ford, Ford Motor Company director. "This amazing Mustang was sitting in the driveway, and I immediately grabbed my coat and shoes and went outside to check it out."
The younger Ford slipped into the custom cabin, which had been finished in blue leather with aluminum trim, and took the car for a short drive, taking several laps of the driveway in front of the house.
"The rumble of the high-performance 289-cubic-inch V8 was always intoxicating," said Ford. "I only drove it for a few minutes that first day because there was snow on the ground, but as soon as the roads were cleared, I drove it almost every day."
Despite being a one-of-a-kind car, that Mustang became Edsel Ford's daily driver as he finished high school and went off to college. Sadly, the car was destroyed in an accident four years after Ford got it for Christmas when a friend borrowed it; fortunately, no one was hurt.
In the 49 years since getting his first Mustang, Edsel Ford has owned a few others, along with other Ford cars that had more space for his wife and four sons. After graduating from college, he joined the Ford marketing department, eventually working on campaigns for Mustang and many other Ford vehicles.
"That Mustang was my first car and one of my favorites," he said. "Seeing the photos that were discovered in the Ford archives brought back many fond memories."
As federal stimulus funds dry up
US states budget deficits could top $140 billion
By Kate Randall
24 January 2011
States across the US are facing the largest budget deficits in history. Budget shortfalls in 44 states and the District of Columbia could reach $140 billion for fiscal year 2012, which begins this July 1 for most states. These huge deficits come as federal stimulus funds from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act will be largely depleted by the end of fiscal year 2011.
The Obama administration and Congressional Democrats and Republicans have made it clear that there will be no federal bailout of the states and no federally funded jobs or public works programs to alleviate the crisis. These budget gaps threaten the jobs, pensions and benefits of hundreds of thousands of state workers, as well as the social services and programs provided to millions.
Some Republicans have also floated the idea of altering laws that prohibit states from declaring bankruptcy, to make it easier for state governments to rip up workers' contracts and attack pensions. A number of municipalities, which are not barred from seeking relief in the courts, have already initiated bankruptcy proceedings and have threatened to default on loans.
According to a report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP), 22 states are already projecting budget shortfalls totaling $70 billion for fiscal year 2013, which begins 17 months from now. The report, which was updated January 21, predicts that this number is likely to grow and will persist into the future. Even before the budget shortfalls of 2012 and 2013, states have closed budget gaps totaling some $430 billion in the past three years. All states but Vermont have laws requiring balanced budgets.
When the drying up of federal stimulus funds is taken into account, the CBPP projects that state budget shortfalls nationwide could exceed $140 billion in fiscal year 2012. While states utilized a total of $158 billion in Recovery Act dollars for 2009, 2010 and 2011 combined, only $6 billion remains available for 2012. The CBPP report estimates that these state budget gaps could threaten 850,000 jobs next year.
The following are just a few of the largest projected budget gaps for 2010:
California—$25.4 billion (29.2 percent of FY2011 budget)
Illinois—$15 billion (44.9 percent of FY2011 budget)
Nevada—$1.5 billion (45.2 percent of FY2011 budget)
New Jersey—$10.5 billion (37.4 percent of FY2011 budget)
Texas—$13.4 billion (31.5 percent of FY2011 budget)
The scope of the deficits faced by many states means that the austerity measures required to balance these budgets will take on drastic proportions. The vast majority of states, 46, have already made substantial reductions in services, with these cuts falling disproportionately on poor and working class families. Added to this, enhanced Medicaid funding that has been extended for six months through the end of June 2011 will soon expire for most states.
Politicians of both parties have refused to consider increasing taxes on the wealthy. The combined budget deficits, while large, are a small fraction of the total wealth of the Forbes 400 richest Americans. The annual military budget of the US, about $700 billion, is five times the total deficits of the US states.
In an appearance before the Senate Banking Committee on January 7, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke insisted that the central bank has “very limited authority” to assist states. “We have no expectation or intention to get involved in state and local finance.” He added, “To the extent that there's anyone to look at that, it would have to be Congress.”
It is clear that the only way Congress intends to “get involved” in the crisis of the state and local governments is to block any federal bailouts and demand that states balance their budgets by “restructuring” government workers' contracts.
Republican Newt Gingrich, former House speaker, is pushing for the change to US law to allow states to file for bankruptcy. And last month, Rep. Devin Nunes, Republican of California, introduced the Public Employee Pension Transparency Act, which would specifically prohibit federal bailouts of states. It would also require more reporting of details of state and local pensions, to open the way for reducing benefits and changing eligibility requirements.
Another Republican Congressman, Jason Chaffetz, told Bloomberg News that Republicans have been in touch with bankruptcy attorneys to discuss ways to change the laws to enable states to restructure financial obligations such as debts to retirees.
While rejecting aid to the states, the actions of the Obama administration in collusion with Congressional Republicans will serve to boost corporate profits and the bank accounts of the super-rich while further impoverishing the states. These measures include extending the Bush-era tax cuts for the rich and cutting the estate tax.
A provision of the tax-cut agreement reached in November allows full expensing of business investments, which could cost states more than $11 billion over two years in lost tax revenue, according to the CBPP. Another proposal by Congressional Republicans to cut domestic discretionary spending could cost states some $36 billion a year in lost federal grants.
Local governments are also facing record budget deficits combined with continued mass unemployment. An economic forecast by HIS Global Insight has projected that 109 metropolitan areas will end 2011 with an official jobless rate of 10 percent or higher. The report projects that 105 metropolitan areas will not return to prerecession job levels until 2015. In 32 areas, including Toledo, Ohio and Detroit, this will take until 2025.
The US Conference of Mayors met last week in Washington DC as states are imposing severe cuts in aid to cities as a result of their budget crises. At the same time, falling home values are belatedly leading to diminished property tax assessments. Municipalities have responded by laying off workers, raising taxes, reducing and consolidating services, privatizing departments and selling off city assets.
Los Angeles Mayor Antonia Villaraigosa, a Democrat, is seeking to lower the cost of pensions for new-hires in the police and fire departments and wants to require city employees to contribute to the cost of their retirement health benefits. He told the New York Times, “The fact is, our pensions aren't sustainable.”
Michael A. Nutter, Democratic mayor of Philadelphia, has cut 1,200 jobs and raised the city's sales and property taxes. City residents have been placed at risk through the institution of “rolling brownouts” of fire stations—closing a few stations a day to save money.
Pembroke Pines, Florida has been hard hit by the housing crisis. Mayor Frank C. Otis issued a declaration of “financial urgency,” allowing the city to reopen labor contracts, cut workers' salaries by 4 percent, and end the defined benefit pension plan for new nonuniformed hires. The city's buildings department has been privatized.
The White House issued a statement following a meeting with a delegation of mayors, declaring: “The president discussed the steps taken to get the economy growing again, to create jobs and help businesses grow, such as the critical investments in infrastructure.”
With this cynical statement, Obama proposed no actual federal aid to create jobs or improve infrastructure. The new White House Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, headed by General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt, will instead be aimed at increasing corporate profits and doubling exports—by slashing workers' wages and benefits while driving up productivity.
Melbourne City will have to manage a short turn-around when they welcome the Champions to open Round 4, while five players in particular will be looking to impress this weekend after they were named in Ange Postecoglou's extended Caltex Socceroos squad.
Friday, 28 October 2016
Melbourne City FC v Adelaide United
AAMI Park, Melbourne
Kick-Off: 7:50PM (Local) (7:50PM (AEDT))
Referee: Chris Beath
Assistant Referee 1: David Walsh
Assistant Referee 2: Anton Shchetinin
Fourth Official: Jonathan Barreiro
TV Broadcast: Live coverage on Fox Sports 505 from 7.00pm (AEDT), SBS TWO from 7.30pm AEDT and Sky Sport 4 (New Zealand)
Radio Broadcast: 774 ABC Melbourne & ABC Local Radio Vic, 891 ABC Adelaide & ABC Local Radio SA Grandstand Digital, Online & via the ABC Radio Mobile App – A-league Live, Crocmedia A-League Live (www.facebook.com/A-leagueLIVERadio), 1116 Sens (Melbourne), EON Sports Radio (eonsportsradio.com)
Join the conversation on Twitter using the hash-tag #MCYvADL
To purchase tickets visit www.aleague.com.au
Melbourne City FC Squad: 1.Thomas SORENSEN (GK), 2.Manny MUSCAT, 3.Josh ROSE, 5.Ivan FRANJIC, 6.Osama MALIK, 8.Neil KILKENNY, 10.Anthony CACERES, 11.Bruce KAMAU, 12.Nick FITZGERALD, 13.Yoshi, 14.Daniel ARZANI, 17.Tim CAHILL, 18.Paulo RETRE, 20.Dean BOUZANIS (GK), 22.Michael JAKOBSEN, 23.Bruno FORNAROLI (C), 26.Luke BRATTAN, 27.Fernando BRANDAN, 34.Denis GENREAU
**three to be omitted**
Ins: 5.Ivan FRANJIC (promoted/returns from injury), 13.Yoshi (new signing), 34.Denis GENREAU (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: 7.Corey GAMEIRO (ACL - season), 9.Nicolas COLAZO (ear - tbc), 28.Steve KUZMANOVSKI (tbc)
Adelaide United Squad: 1.Eugene GALEKOVIC (gk) (c), 3.Iacopo LA ROCCA, 4.Dylan McGOWAN, 5.Taylor REGAN, 8.ISAÍAS, 9.Sergi GUARDIOLA, 12.Mark OCHIENG, 13.Marc MARINO, 14.George MELLS, 16.Jesse MAKAROUNAS, 18.Riley McGREE, 19.Ben GARUCCIO, 20.John HALL, 21.Tarek ELRICH, 22.Ryan KITTO, 24.Jordan O'DOHERTY, 25.James HOLLAND, 45.Danny CHOI
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 13.Marc MARINO (promoted), 12.Mark OCHIENG (promoted), 14.George MELLS (promoted)
Outs: 7.HENRIQUE (Knee - 6 weeks)
Unavailable: 2.Michael MARRONE (Achilles - 9 weeks), 10.Marcelo CARRUSCA (Foot - 4 weeks), 11.Sergio CIRIO (Knee - 7-9 weeks), 17.Nikola MILEUSNIC (Quad - 3 weeks), 23.Jordan ELSEY (Knee - season)
Saturday, 29 October 2016
Newcastle Jets v Sydney FC
McDonald Jones Stadium, Newcastle
Kick-Off: 5:35PM (Local) (5:35PM (AEDT))
Referee: Daniel Elder
Assistant Referee 1: Ryan Gallagher
Assistant Referee 2: James Cleal
Fourth Official: Stephen Lucas
TV Broadcast: Live coverage on Fox Sports 505 from 5.00pm (AEDT) and Sky Sport Pop-Up 2 (New Zealand)
Radio Broadcast: 1233 ABC Newcastle, 702 ABC Sydney, ABC Local Radio NSW Grandstand Digital, Online & via the ABC Radio Mobile App – A-league Live, EON Sports Radio (eonsportsradio.com)
Join the conversation on Twitter using the hash-tag #NEWvSYD
To purchase tickets visit www.aleague.com.au
Newcastle Jets Squad: 3.Jason HOFFMAN, 4.Nigel BOOGAARD (C), 5.Ben KANTAROVSKI, 6.Steven UGARKOVIC, 7.Andrew HOOLE, 8.Mateo POLJAK, 9.Aleksandr KOKKO, 10.Wayne BROWN, 11.Labinot HALITI, 13.Ivan VUJICA, 16.Nicholas COWBURN, 17.Radovan PAVICEVIC, 19.Morten NORDSTRAND, 20.Jack DUNCAN (gk), 23.Devante CLUT, 28.Johnny KOUTROUMBIS, 30.Pierce CLARK (gk)
**one to be omitted**
Ins: 9.Aleksandr KOKKO (returns from injury), 17.Radovan PAVICEVIC (promoted), 28.Johnny KOUTROUMBIS (promoted)
Outs: 15.Andrew NABBOUT (groin - 1-3 weeks), 22.Lachlan JACKSON (ankle - indefinite)
Unavailable: 1.Ben KENNEDY (gk) (Achilles - season), 2.Daniel MULLEN (knee - indefinite), 21.Daniel ALESSI (knee - season)
Sydney FC squad: 1.Vedran JANJETOVIC (gk), 3.Riley WOODCOCK, 4.Alex WILKINSON, 5.Matt JURMAN, 6.Joshua BRILLANTE, 7.Michael ZULLO, 8.Milos DIMITRIJEVIC, 9.BOBÔ, 10.Milos NINKOVIC, 11.Bernie IBINI, 13.Brandon O'NEILL, 14.Alex BROSQUE (c), 17.David CARNEY, 18.Matt SIMON, 20.Danny VUKOVIC (gk), 21.Filip HOLOSKO, 22.Sebastian RYALL, 23.Rhyan GRANT
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 3.Riley WOODCOCK (promoted), 11.Bernie IBINI (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: Nil
Saturday, 29 October 2016
Western Sydney Wanderers FC v Central Coast Mariners
Spotless Stadium, Sydney Olympic Park
Kick-Off: 7:50PM (Local) (7:50PM (AEDT))
Referee: Shaun Evans
Assistant Referee 1: Allyson Flynn
Assistant Referee 2: Owen Goldrick
Fourth Official: Luke Withell
TV Broadcast: Live coverage on Fox Sports 505 from 7.45pm (AEDT) and Sky Sport Pop-Up 2 (New Zealand)
Radio Broadcast: 702 ABC Sydney, ABC Local Radio NSW, 666 ABC Canberra, Grandstand Digital & Online & via the ABC Radio Mobile App – A-league Live, Crocmedia A-League Live (www.facebook.com/A-leagueLIVERadio), EON Sports Radio (eonsportsradio.com), Coast FM 96.3, Hawkesbury Radio
Join the conversation on Twitter using the hash-tag #WSWvCCM
To purchase tickets visit www.aleague.com.au
Western Sydney Wanderers FC squad: 1.Jerrad TYSON (gk), 2.Shannon COLE, 3.Jack CLISBY, 5.Brendan HAMILL, 6.Mitch NICHOLS, 7.Steve LUSTICA, 8.Dimas (c), 9.Kerem BULUT, 10.Nicolás MARTÍNEZ, 11.Brendon SANTALAB, 12.Scott NEVILLE, 13.Bruno PIÑATARES, 14.Jumpei, 15.Kearyn BACCUS, 17.Artiz BORDA, 18.Robbie CORNTHWAITE, 19.Jacob MELLING, 20.Andrew REDMAYNE (gk)
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 2.Shannon COLE (promoted), 19.Jacob MELLING (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: Nil
Central Coast Mariners squad: 1.Ivan NECEVSKI (gk), 2.Storm ROUX, 3.Scott GALLOWAY, 6.Blake POWELL, 7.Fabio FERREIRA, 8.Nick MONTGOMERY (c), 9.Roy O'DONOVAN, 10.Mickael TAVARES, 11.Connor PAIN, 12.Trent BUHAGIAR, 13.Kwabena APPIAH, 14.Adam BERRY, 16.Liam ROSE, 17.Josh BINGHAM, 19.Jacques FATY, 20.Paul IZZO (gk), 21.Michael NEILL, 22.Jake McGING
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 13.Kwabena APPIAH (promoted), 16.Liam ROSE (return from international duty),
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: 23.Jake Adelson (ACL – indefinite), 4.Jacob POSCOLIERO (quad strain – 1 week)
Sunday, 30 October 2016
Brisbane Roar FC v Perth Glory
Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane
Kick-Off: 4:00PM (Local) (5:00PM (AEDT))
Referee: Jonathan Barreiro
Assistant Referee 1: Nathan MacDonald
Assistant Referee 2: Andrew Lindsay
Fourth Official: Alex King
TV Broadcast: Live coverage on Fox Sports 505 from 4.30pm (AEDT) and Sky Sport Pop-Up 2 (New Zealand)
Radio Broadcast: 612 ABC Brisbane, ABC Local Radio Qld, 720 ABC Perth, ABC Local Radio WA, Grandstand Digital, Online & via the ABC Radio Mobile App – A-league Live, EON Sports Radio (eonsportsradio.com)
Join the conversation on Twitter using the hash-tag #BRIvPER
To purchase tickets visit www.aleague.com.au
Brisbane Roar FC squad: 1.Michael THEO (gk), 3.Luke DEVERE, 4.Daniel BOWLES, 5.Corey BROWN, 7.Thomas KRISTENSEN, 8.Jacob PEPPER, 9.Jamie MACLAREN, 10.Brett HOLMAN, 11.Tommy OAR, 13.Jade NORTH, 16.Nathan KONSTANDOPOULOS, 17. Matt McKAY (c), 19.Jack HINGERT, 21.Jamie YOUNG (gk), 22.Thomas BROICH, 26.Nicholas D'AGOSTINO, 28.Brandon BORRELLO, 33.Joey KATEBIAN
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 16.Nathan KONSTANDOPOULOS (promoted), 26. Nicholas D'AGOSTINO (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: Nil
Perth Glory Squad: 2.Alex GRANT, 3.Marc WARREN, 4.Shane LOWRY, 5.Rhys WILLIAMS, 6.Dino DJULBIC, 7.Joel CHIANESE, 8.Rostyn GRIFFITHS (c), 9.Andy KEOGH, 10.Nebojsa MARINKOVIC, 13.Nicholas FEELY (gk), 14.Chris HAROLD, 15.Brandon WILSON, 16.Joe MILLS, 17.Diego CASTRO, 19.Josh RISDON, 22.Adam TAGGART, 24.Milan SMILJANIC, 33.Liam REDDY (gk)
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 4.Shane LOWRY (promoted) 5.Rhys WILLIAMS (promoted), 22.Adam TAGGART (promoted)
Outs: 11.Richard GARCIA (not selected)
Unavailable: nil
Monday, 31 October 2016
Melbourne Victory v Wellington Phoenix
Etihad Stadium, Melbourne
Kick-Off: 7:50PM (Local) (7:50PM (AEDT))
Referee: Alan Milliner
Assistant Referee 1: Matthew Cream
Assistant Referee 2: Wilson Brown
Fourth Official: Kurt Ams
TV Broadcast: Live coverage on Fox Sports 505 from 7.00pm (AEDT) and Sky Sport 2 (New Zealand)
Radio Broadcast: 774 ABC Melbourne & ABC Local Radio Vic, Grandstand Digital & via the ABC Radio Mobile App – A-league Live, Crocmedia A-League Live (www.facebook.com/A-leagueLIVERadio), 1116 Sens (Melbourne), EON Sports Radio (eonsportsradio.com)
Join the conversation on Twitter using the hash-tag #MVCvWEL
To purchase tickets visit www.aleague.com.au
Melbourne Victory squad: 2.Jason GERIA, 4.Nick ANSELL, 5.Daniel GEORGIEVSKI, 6.Leigh BROXHAM, 7.Marco ROJAS, 8.Besart BERISHA, 10.James TROISI, 11.Mitch AUSTIN, 13.Oliver BOZANIC, 14.Fahid BEN KHALFALLAH, 15.Alan BARO, 16.Rashid MAHAZI, 17.James DONACHIE, 20.Lawrence THOMAS (gk), 22.Stefan NIGRO, 23.Jai INGHAM, 25.Sebastian PASQUALI, 27.Alastair BRAY (gk)
**Two to be omitted**
Ins: 10.James TROISI (returns from injury), 22.Stefan NIGRO (promoted), 23.Jai INGHAM (promoted)
Outs: 21.Carl VALERI (soreness – 1 week)
Unavailable: Nil
Wellington Phoenix Squad: 1.Glen MOSS (gk), 2.Jacob TRATT, 4.Roly BONEVACIA, 5.Ryan LOWRY, 7.Gui FINKLER, 9.Kosta BARBAROUSES, 10.Michael MCGLINCHEY, 11.Hamish WATSON, 12.Adam PARKHOUSE, 13.Marco ROSSI, 14.Alex RUFER, 16.Louis FENTON, 17.Vince LIA, 18.Ben LITFIN, 20.Lewis ITALIANO (gk), 21 Roy KRISHNA, 22.Andrew DURANTE (c), 23.Matthew RIDENTON
**two to be omitted**
Ins: 5.Ryan LOWRY (promoted), 16. Louis FENTON (promoted), 18. Ben LITFIN (promoted).
Outs: 19. Tom DOYLE (hamstring - 1 week).
Unavailable: Alex RODRIGUEZ (hamstring 1-2 weeks).
[ad type="leaderboard" devices="desktop,tablet"] [ad type="topMrec" devices="desktop,tablet,mobile"] [ad type="skin" devices="desktop,tablet"] [ad type="bottomLeaderboard" devices="desktop,tablet,mobile"]
Canadian pop-punk veterans Gob have announced they will be touring their homeland this fall with Seaway providing support on select dates, and they're streaming a brand-new song titled “Radio Hell.” Check out the dates and give the track a listen below.
Gob will be touring in support of their new album Apt. 13, which is set to be released on August 26th through New Damage Records. Their last full-length Muertos Vivos was released in 2007 on Aquarius Records.
Tour Dates/Locations:
October 8th – Kamloops, BC @ Blue Grotto *
October 9th – Calgary, AB @ Dickens *
October 10th – Edmonton, AB @ Pawn Shop *
October 11th – Regina, SK @ The Lazy Owl *
October 13th – Thunderbay, ON @ Crock's *
October 15th – Ottawa, ON @ Mavericks
October 16th – Fredericton, NB @ The Capital
October 17th – Halifax, NS @ The Seahorse
October 18th – Charlottetown, PEI @ Hunters Ale House
October 20th – Quebec, QC @ La Source De La Martiniere
October 21st – Montreal, QC @ Cabaret Underworld
October 22nd – Kingston, ON @ The Mansion
October 23rd – Peterborough, ON @ The Red Dog Tavern
October 24th – Toronto, ON @ Adelaide Hall *
October 25th – Waterloo, ON @ Maxwell's
October 27th – London, ON @ Call The Office
October 28th – Hamilton, ON @ The Casbah
October 29th – Sault St. Marie, ON @ Rockstar Bar
November 1st – Saskatoon, SK @ Louis' *
November 3rd – Banff, AB @ Wild Bills *
November 5th – Revelstoke, BC @ Traverse *
* Without Seaway
President Donald Trump participates in a joint press conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May in the East Room of the White House on Friday in Washington. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Legal U.S. residents are being prevented from entering the country and people who put their lives on the line for the United States are being detained at the airport. But what is the commander in chief worried about Saturday morning? The news media, or as he called them in an interview on Friday, “the opposition party.”
Trump seems to have woken up with a fresh desire to criticize two media outlets in particular, once again saying that the Times is “FAKE NEWS!” He seems to be so upset about the media that he sent the tweets out without even spell checking first.
“The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!” Trump wrote on Twitter at 8:04 a.m.
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017
Four minutes later, he added the Washington Post to the mix and included a few typos for good measure: “Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST”
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017
It's anyone's guess what actually got the president of the United States so upset but it could be the coverage of his executive order banning refugees or travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. Or maybe their review of his first week in office?
In accusing the media of dishonesty, Trump himself wasn't exactly truthful with his 23 million followers. The Times never apologized for its coverage, although the paper and some reporters did acknowledge that they underestimated the real estate mogul's chances of winning.
The Times quickly responded to Trump's tweets to point out what the paper described as another falsehood in his tweets, claiming subscribers and audience are “at all-time highs.”
Noted logician, theologian, and climate scientist Rush Limbaugh has issued a philosophical treatise on religion and climate change, proving that if you believe in God you cannot believe in anthropogenic global warming. Why? Because John Kerry animal rights activists mice rats barbecue pits SUVs and what about a fetus? QED.
Here, I listened to this stupid noisebox so you don't have to:
John Kerry, our esteemed secretary of state, said that climate change is our challenge, a challenge to our responsibilities as the safeguarders of God's creation. The safeguarders — it would obviously be safeguardians. The safeguarders.
Nope, bzzt, wrong, neither of you knows words. It would obviously be SAFEGUARDS, you dumb cluck. I'll give John Kerry a pass on this one because he's not turning his nose up at someone else's word choice while simultaneously being approximately as literate as a Q-tip. (The hygiene item, not the hip hop artist, who I'm sure is worlds more intellectual than Rush Limbaugh.)
So John Kerry says that climate change is a challenge to our responsibility as the safeguarders of God's creation. What about God's creation called a fetus, Secretary Kerry, what is your responsibility as a safeguarder there?
Did you get whiplash just then? Well, put some Tiger Balm on it quickish, because he's about to jerk the wheel again.
See, in my humble opinion, folks, if you believe in God then intellectually you cannot believe in manmade global warming.
OK, the word “intellectually” really does not belong in this discussion.
You must be either agnostic or atheist to believe that man controls something he can't create.
Like land. God, the immense hubris of believing you can control a piece of the earth, which you did not make! From now on, only agnostics and atheists get to own property. Religious folks must take up a lantern and wander the earth as God intended. (Please be sure to make your own lantern.)
It's always in fact been one of the reasons for my anti-manmade global warming stance. The vanity of these people — on the one hand, we're no different than a mouse or a rat, if you listen to the animal rights activists.
Rush, they weren't talking about the whole human race with that “no different from a rat” thing. They were only talking about you.
We are pollutants of this planet. If it weren't for humanity, the militant environmentalist wackos, if it weren't for humanity the earth would be pristine and wonderful and beautiful and nobody would see it. According to them, we're different, we are not as entitled to life on this planet as other creatures because we destroy it. But how can we destroy it when we're no different than the lowest lifeforms?
<cut to Rush holding two Barbies wearing blouses with “MILITANT ENVIRONMENTALIST” on them>
“I'm just like a rat or mouse or other low lifeform!” “Oh yeah? Well you're different from all other life on this planet!” “Well how can I be different when I'm just like a mouse or a rat?” <dolls make out>
<radio intern enters>
“Mr. Limbaugh, have you …”
“WHAT DID YOU SEE?”
“Nothing, sir! I didn't see you playing with your dolls again!”
And then on the other hand the vanity and the arrogance — we are so powerful and we are so impotent, uh, omnipotent
Just gonna leave this here.
that we can destroy… we can't even stop a rainshower but we can destroy the climate.
It's absurd! It's like saying someone who can't even take apart a carburetor can still wreck a car.
And how? With barbecue pits and automobiles, particularly SUVs. It's absurd.
Barbecue pits: definitely the main concern of the modern environmental movement.
But nevertheless the esteemed secretary running around saying that climate change is our responsibility as the safeguarders of God's creation.
I do thank Rush for evoking the image of John Kerry “running around,” which of course puts me in mind of this photo:
I will never stop laughing at that photo.
Just ask him, what about God's creation called a fetus?
Yes, Rush, I think you made that point admirably.
Anyway, there you have it, folks. If you believe in God, you can't believe in global warming, because I've seen mice and rats, Mr. Secretary, and you're no fetus. Tune in next week, when Rush explains why people who love their mothers can't support gay marriage because we didn't come from monkeys and make me a sandwich.
SPOKANE, Wash. – The Spokane Police Department Special Victim's Unit arrested a 41-year-old man on Tuesday for several felonies after discovering inappropriate conversations and images between him and a pre-teen victim on an electronic tablet.
Police took Donald T. Mead, 41, into custody after a two-month investigation that began after a concerned call from a parent. Mead made his first court appearance Wednesday. His bond was set at $12,500 and his arraignment is set for April 12.
A parent contacted SPD in January after discovering inappropriate images had been exchanged between the victim and the suspect on a tablet the victim used.
Police said several different applications had been used to carry on the conversations, including KIK, Hangouts, and MEET ME. Authorities took the tablet as evidence and later forensically examined it and discovered a number of images of Mead and of the victim.
On March 9, SVU detectives contacted Mead posing as the victim. Mead began sending sexually explicit images within two hours. The detective, still posing as the victim, advised Mead she was only 14. Mead continued the conversation and eventually made arrangements to meet for sex. Mead also told the undercover officer he was married and asked the victim if that would be a bother.
Mead was taken into custody around 11:15 a.m. when he arrived at the location he thought he was meeting the victim at.
SPD said this is a stark reminder for parents to check up on what their children are doing on electronic devices. For more information about internet safety tips for children and parents, please click here.
Mead is facing charges of Attempted Third-Degree Rape of a Child, Possession of Depictions of Minors Engaged in Sexually Explicit Conduct, and Communicating with a Minor for Immoral Purposes.
On September 27, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia heard oral arguments in a major challenge to the Clean Power Plan, West Virginia v. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — an enormously high-stakes legal battle, that could determine whether Obama's climate plan is ever put into effect.
The stakes are high not only for the environment, but for fossil fuel companies — and those companies have poured enormous sums of money into efforts that would help ensure the Clean Power Plan never goes into effect, according to a report issued this week by four members of Congress.
The report is formatted as an amicus curie — or friend of the court — brief but was not filed with the court, and it takes a detailed look at the money that has moved behind the scenes. It's entitled, “The Brief No One Filed.”
It was issued by U.S. Senators Sheldon Whitehouse, Harry Reid, Barbara Boxer, and Edward J. Markey — some of the most powerful Democrats in the Senate. Senators Whitehouse, Boxer, and Markey serve on the Environment and Public Works Committee, while Sen. Reid is the Senate Democratic Leader.
“The American public is aware of and alarmed by the massive influx of special interest money and considers this a top problem with elected officials in Washington,” the four senators wrote. “More than 80 percent of Americans believe the government cannot be trusted to do what is right most of the time.”
Large sums of money — over $100 million — have been funneled from the fossil fuel industry to key players in the litigation, the report concludes.
“In aggregate, the politician authors of these briefs have received over $107 million from the fossil fuel industry,” the senators wrote, “and while they are ostensibly elected to represent the interests of their constituents, we regularly see them taking positions that are opposed to conclusions drawn about the effects of climate change by institutions and academics in their own states.”
The senators argued that this money has helped to shape the positions of the players involved in the challenge to the Clean Power Plan, citing the impacts of the Supreme Court's Citizen United decision.
“Prominent Republican leaders used to acknowledge that human-made climate change exists and must be addressed,” they wrote. “They have changed their tone drastically. The change coincided exactly with the Supreme Court's disastrous decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, [citation omitted] which allowed energy interests to exert unlimited influence in Congress.”
The new report describes a vast gulf between the climate denial voiced by the members of Congress who have helped in the effort to block the Clean Power Plan, and the public's opinion on climate change in their home state.
“A Citizen Cabinet survey found 68 percent of registered voters in Texas favor the Clean Power Plan, with 79 percent seeing value in the projected health benefits from reduced air pollution,” they wrote, describing how Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Representatives Louie Gohmert and Randy Weber have vocally denied that climate change exists or is a problem that requires action.
Because the new report was not filed as a brief with the D.C. Court of Appeals, it most likely won't be part of the case file that the court can consider as it decides the case. But the evidence it contains shows that the financial ties between many of the players in the case, and an industry that stands to benefit strongly if the Clean Power Plan is tossed out, are strong.
The list of players includes not only the member of Congress who had filed an amici brief opposing the Clean Power Plan, but the petitioners themselves.
“From the 27 states currently challenging the Clean Power Plan in court, the CAPAF has identified 24 attorneys general and governors [as] climate deniers based on past statements,” the report says. “According to their research, these state officials received over $19 million in career contributions from the fossil fuel industry since 2000.”
And those financial contributions at times were directly tied to the Clean Power Plan, the report suggests.
“For example, based on documents obtained by the Center for Media and Democracy, Murray Energy Corp. donated $250,000 to the Republican Attorneys General Association in 2015 and received a closed-door meeting with state prosecutors to discuss the Clean Power Plan,” the senators wrote.
DeSmog's own research is cited five times by the senators, who used information reported by DeSmog to demonstrate the financial ties between the fossil fuel industry and some of the scientists who had filed an amicus opposed to the Clean Power Plan, as well as the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the National Black Chamber of Commerce, and 60Plus Association (tied to the Koch brothers).
Defenders of the Clean Power Plan are adamant that it will not only ward off some of the impacts of global warming (though environmentalists point out that it may not go nearly far enough), but will also have positive impacts for people's health.
“The broad support of medical experts across the country shows that not only is there momentum for action, but that this is imperative for the health of every American,” Albert Rizzo, the American Lung Association's senior medical advisor, said in a statement. “We can take action to mitigate the effects of climate change right now. We must do more to protect everyone's health, and especially the most vulnerable members of our communities.”
As high stakes as the courtroom battles over the Clean Power Plan might be, they also take place in a highly charged political environment. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has pledged to push forward with efforts to implement the Clean Power Plan if she is elected, while Republican nominee Donald Trump has stated that he would scrap it, along with other policies aimed at curbing global warming.
Photo Credit: CheapFullCoverageAutoInsurance.com, CC BY 2.0
Aid flights rushed food and tents to the Yemeni island of Socotra, local officials said on Wednesday, after it was hit by a rare cyclone the United Nations said has displaced 40,000 people there and on the mainland.
Cyclone Chapala killed three people when it made landfall on Monday on Socotra, an isolated island closer to the Horn of Africa than to Yemen that has about 50,000 inhabitants and an exotic mixture of unique flora and fauna.
Another man drowned when the hurricane-force storm reached mainland Yemen's fifth largest city, Mukalla, on the Gulf of Aden on Tuesday, sending thousands of families in the region scrambling for higher and drier land.
Three Omani planes bearing tents and food and a United Arab Emirates cargo plane with 20 tons of food and blankets have arrived on the remote island in the past 24 hours, the Emirates News Agency reported on Wednesday citing local officials.
“Initial reports suggest more than 40,000 people displaced or temporarily evacuated from coastal areas and at least 450 homes damaged and destroyed,” the U.N. aid agency OCHA said, with Socotrans accounting for half of the total displaced.
The storm is set to dissipate as it leaves warm waters and heads inland into Yemen and Saudi Arabia's desert interior.
Civil defense and recovery efforts are hampered by a seven-month war raging in the impoverished country between Yemen's exiled government backed by a Saudi-led military coalition and an Iran-allied militia that runs the capital
Sanaa.
Residents despaired of receiving help any time soon.
“There's been severe to damage the people's farms and homes ... two villages have been completely submerged, roads and bridges have been totally washed away by the floods and the government didn't do a thing,” said Jamal al-Awlaqi by telephone from Ataq, capital of Shabwa province located along the coast and inland.
The Saudi-owned TV channel Ekhbariya reported that the Arab coalition conducted air strikes on seven Houthi-run provinces nationwide on Tuesday.
Security sources said unknown assailants killed two people at a checkpoint in the capital on Wednesday.
Last Update: Wednesday, 4 November 2015 KSA 17:40 - GMT 14:40
Image caption Met commander Ali Dizaei had denied the charges
Metropolitan Police commander Ali Dizaei has been jailed for three years for misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice.
Dizaei attacked Waad al-Baghdadi in Kensington in 2008 after Mr al-Baghdadi confronted him about money he was owed for designing a website.
Southwark Crown Court heard that Dizaei, of Acton, inflicted injuries on himself in order to frame Mr al-Baghdadi.
He denied the charges and will appeal.
He was first convicted in 2010 and served 15 months in prison before his conviction was overturned by the Court of Appeal.
'Deplorable corruption'
BBC Home Affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said it was likely Dizaei would be released after three months due to the time he has already spent in jail.
Imran Khan, Dizaei's solicitor, said his client was "extremely disappointed at the decision".
The jury, who had not been told that Dizaei's earlier conviction had been quashed, heard Mr al-Baghdadi had confronted him at a Persian restaurant in Hammersmith Road, west London, in July 2008 over an unpaid £600 bill.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Gaon Hart, from the CPS: "Justice has been served for the victim and the public"
Dizaei, who is four ranks below the top Met position of Commissioner, argued with him outside and arrested him.
Passing sentence, the judge, Mr Justice Saunders, said: "You are a very senior officer. The breach of trust that the public has placed in you is the more serious because of your senior appointment.
"You have been a role model to many other people as a result of your achievements as a police officer."
Senior Crown Advocate Gaon Hart, of the Crown Prosecution Service, said the officer's corruption was all the more "deplorable" given his position as a highly-ranked commander.
He said: "Dizaei had no proper reason for making this arrest and there was no real evidence that this young man had committed any crime on that day.
"The public entrust the police with considerable powers and with that comes considerable responsibility. Dizaei abused that power and ignored that responsibility."
'Personal motive'
The jury was told Dizaei claimed he arrested Mr al-Baghdadi after being poked in the chest with the metal mouthpiece of a shisha pipe, but this was disputed by a doctor who examined his injuries.
Dizaei also claimed he suffered a "torrent of abuse" from Mr al-Baghdadi and felt threatened, but prosecutor Peter Wright QC said he was "pursuing a citizen for his own personal motive".
The jury heard that the officer's actions amounted to "wholesale abuse of such power by a senior officer".
Mr al-Baghdadi said he thought justice had been done.
He said: "He did not admit what he did to me and chose to blame everyone else - the CPS, the IPCC, the Metropolitan Police and even racism.
"But the only person to blame was himself. I am happy the jury saw through his lies."
The officer's first conviction was overturned by the Court of Appeal when Mr al-Baghdadi's credibility as the key witness was called into question.
The court heard he was jailed for eight months for claiming pensions and other benefits on behalf of his dead father.
Dizaei's barrister, Stephen Riordan QC, said his client's time in prison had been "extremely difficult" because of his work as a high-profile police officer.
The judge said he took into account the time that Dizaei spent on bail awaiting his second trial in passing a shorter sentence.
He said: "For police officers, sentences of imprisonment are especially difficult, and I am told and accept that you spent a substantial time in solitary confinement as a result of your treatment by other prisoners, as well as suffering assault on two occasions."
Deborah Glass, deputy chair of the Independent Police Complaints Commission, said: "There is no room in the police for corrupt officers, and today's verdict underlines that."
Dizaei is currently suspended from his £90,000-a-year job at the Met.
In Houston it seems that no matter where you look, there are people being creative, and in music, our city is full of creative people working together in massive quantities.
Giant Kitty, however, seems to have more creativity than most. On the heels of recording sophomore album Rampage, due in January 2018, the punk-tinged four-piece has steadily been releasing singles and videos. The first video from the album, found exclusively here for the track "You Suck," revisits the glamorous world of '80s prime-time soaps — with a Giant Kitty twist, naturally.
The video is obviously inspired by shows like Dynasty, the glitzy soap starring John Forsythe, Linda Evans and Joan Collins that ran from 1981 through '89 on ABC. The video spoofs the bloated cast size of nighttime soaps as band members cycle through the screen, billed under predominantly sill names, until Giant Kitty (as themselves) show up to perform at Houston venue Walter's Downtown.
Important Bitcoin News
Site Updates and Current Events
This week we broke news of "The Bit Drop" which is the plan to distribute bitcoin to all citizens of the island country Dominica. Banks Worst Fear spoke directly with the project manager and this event is the real deal. They've coordinated with the local government and much more.
70,000 on Caribbean Island to become first Bitcoin Country
Author: Let The Bit Drop
Summary : Dominica will be the first Bitcoin nation; The Bit Drop will send free bitcoin to all inhabitants of the island country in Latin America March 2015.
The Bit Drop is lookin for support to make this the best possible launch event. Banks Worst Fear has agreed to match contributions 100% up to 2BTC or $1,000 USD to those who donate to the address below:
If you need any help at all with bitcoin and related content, just reply to this email or visit our Contact Page to reach us.
Here are our other popular postings recently:
Bitcoin Price Predictions
Summary
All the Options for sending Bitcoin via SMS * POPULAR
Summary
Laissez-faire Bitcoin Regulation? Quite the Contrary
Summary
OpenBazaar: Freedom to Purchase, Sell, & Trade
Summary
Declaration of Bitcoin's Independence
Summary
Laissez-faire Bitcoin Regulation? Quite the Contrary
Summary
For anyone still learning about bitcoin, you can read our free report--this is very thorough on all aspects! We have also added new resources under the 'Learn' tab on the site.
Coming Soon
A Chinese firm has revealed a trio of small ‘attack robots,' including one model that carries rifles and grenade launchers, designed to help in the fight against “global terror,” the country's state media reported.
The three robots were unveiled at the 2015 World Robot Conference in Beijing. Xinhua news agency said: ‘”The toy-sized robots can coordinate with each other on the battlefield.”
The first model, known as the scout or reconnaissance robot, is responsible for seeking out poisonous gasses, deadly chemicals and explosives through the use of its camera and sensors. Once the scout detects a danger, it sends the information back to headquarters for further analysis.
If the recon robot discovers a simple bomb, the second model – a small explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) robot – is sent in. The 26-pound EOD machine is tasked with moving and defusing the explosive device, providing the bomb isn't overly complex. The robot is made of aluminum and industrial plastic and is designed to be carried on a soldier's back.
For threats involving armed hostiles, the attacker robot can be called in. This model is armed with minor-caliber weapons, recoilless rifles, and grenade launchers. “With a sighting telescope, a trigger and a safe installed, the attacker [robot] can hit its target from a long distance,” Xinhua said.
The three robots are priced at 1.5 million yuan (around $235,000) for the set. The local police force in Beijing has reportedly already bought three of the machines from maker HIT Robot Group, who are based in the northern city of Harbin.
“Apart from anti-terror operations, they can also be applied in fire fighting, public security, forestry and agriculture,” the company's sales manager Chen Deqiang said, according to Xinhua.
Retired Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield is calling for more co-operation with China in space and he wants it to be part of any international effort to return to the moon.
And he's not alone in his thinking. Space experts agree the Chinese can no longer be left out.
"I think right now a lot of people see it as kind of crazy to co-operate with the Chinese, but I think it's the next logical step," Hadfield recently told The Canadian Press.
China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 and Hadfield noted the country's ambitious space program aims to eventually put an astronaut on the moon.
On Dec. 15, a Chinese Chang'e 3 rocket landed a rover on the lunar surface, making China the third country to do so after the United States and the former Soviet Union.
It was the world's first soft landing of a space probe on the moon in nearly four decades.
Offer to train foreign astronauts
He also pointed out that China launched an experimental space station in 2011. It will be replaced with a more permanent one which will be completed in 2020.
A Chinese astronaut said in September his country is willing to open its space station to foreign astronauts and even train them for such missions.
Retired Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield is now an adjunct professor with the University of Waterloo in Ontario. (Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press)
China was barred from participating in the current orbiting space station, largely because of U.S. objections over political differences.
Hadfield added that after the Russians launched the Mir Space Station in February 1986, other nations dropped in for a visit during its 15 years in orbit.
NASA says on its website that Mir hosted 125 cosmonauts and astronauts from 12 different nations before it was deorbited and sunk into the ocean in 2001.
Hadfield, who became a Canadian astronaut in 1992, visited Mir in November 1995 on the U.S. Space Shuttle Atlantis. He was the only Canadian to ever board the Russian space station.
"If you predicted in 1989 that I would fly on an American shuttle to go build a Russian spaceship, people would have said you were crazy," said Hadfield, who last March became the first Canadian to command the International Space Station.
"So I think looking forward, there's a great opportunity to include the Chinese in the world space program — the international space program."
To the moon
Hadfield said a logical progression would be to include as many countries as possible in an international mission beyond Earth — "hopefully including China and India and the other countries that have launch capability and then progress to the next stepping stone, the next natural waypoint out to space, which is the moon."
Iain Christie, executive vice-president of the Aerospace Industries Association of Canada, says China's presence in space cannot be ignored. The association represents the interests of more than 700 aerospace companies across Canada.
I think China is back where we were in North America 50 years ago. They're excited about space. - Iain Christie, Aerospace Industries Association of Canada
"I think China is back where we were in North America 50 years ago," he said in an interview from Ottawa. "They're excited about space, they're not spending their time justifying why they're in space, they're spending their time justifying why they're not doing more.
"I am hopeful that their enthusiasm for space becomes infectious to the rest of us."
Christie said decisions will have to be made in the coming years.
"We're going to have to decide what to do about engaging with China in space — whether it's to be more collaborative or more competitive," he said. "I don't know which one we'll choose."
Walt Natynczyk, the new president of the Canadian Space Agency, was in China in September to attend the annual International Astronautical Congress in Beijing. It was described as an opportunity to visit some major space actors in the country.
Meantime, as Natynczyk continues work on a long-term space plan, Hadfield said Canada must look at where the world's space program is headed.
"Canada needs to choose what makes sense to us," he said. "There's so much technology that we need in power generation, in navigation, in communications, in environmental recycling — there are all sorts of technical issues that we need to solve that will also have use for us here back in Canada."
Hadfield attracted worldwide attention with his dramatic photos of the Earth, his tweets and his Space Oddity video during his space station visit which began when he blasted off in December 2012. He returned to Earth in mid-May 2013. The David Bowie cover has had close to 20 million views on YouTube.
Kolkata: Criticising India's sovereign rating upgrade by the global agency Moody's Investors Service, CPM general secretary Sitaram Yechury on Friday said the improved ratings signify the beneficial atmosphere for the international capitalist groups under the Narendra Modi regime.
He said the nation has seen deterioration in all aspects related to human welfare and human rights.
"Today Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government held a massive press conference to announce that the imperial forces around the world are lauding his government because as per Moody's ratings India has gone ahead," he said.
"However, the agency gives higher ratings to the country that provides better environment for the international capitalist groups to make more profit," Yechury said in a public meeting on the occasion of 100 years of Russian Revolution in Kolkata.
"This means the colonial rulers across the world are saying that they have had a greater scope to make higher profit in India after Modi's ascendancy to power," he said.
US credit rating agency Moody's on Friday upgraded India's sovereign rating to Baa2 from its lowest investment grade of Baa3 after 13 years.
Claiming that the country has steadily headed towards privatisation in all sectors in the last three years to give benefit to the foreign capitalist groups, Yechury said India is struggling with its ratings in issues like women rights and gender equality.
"The other global index shows the country has gone downwards. India's position has gone up in the hunger index and child malnutrition index while in issues like gender equality, and women rights India's rank is lower than countries like Bangladesh. The only index where India's rank has gone up in the Modi regime, is in giving benefits to the foreign investors," the veteran Left leader said.
"There is not one sector that has not moved towards privatisation in the last three years. Starting from railways to public transport to bank loans, everything has gone towards privatisation to aid foreign capital," he said.
He also alleged that the present government is making policies to complement the growing colonialism in the country instead of trying to counter it and trying to weaken the fundamental point of revolution against capitalism.
"The Russian Revolution has taught us that unless a revolution is aimed against the colonialism and capitalism of a nation, it can never be successful. The rulers of this country are weakening that fundamental point of revolution here," he said.
Referring to the Paris commune, Yechury said the nation has to unite all its working classes to revolt against the capitalist powers that are at work if it wishes to take its revolution forward.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Alexander Keechle, CEO of Monster Moto, and Rick Sukkar, COO, have parlayed a passion for minibikes, go-karts and the outdoors into one of the fastest-growing powersports companies in the country. Monster Moto leads its category in sales on Amazon, drop-ships from its own website, and sells through major retailers and dealers from California to the Northeast Corridor.
"We're really good at making, marketing and servicing minibikes," Keechle says. "But we are not good at supply chain and logistics." That candor led Keechle to share his vision for the company with Joseph Elenez, the company's UPS account executive, early in 2015.
"Monster Moto wanted to reshore their assembly to the U.S., and I saw that they really needed help in several areas, including inbound logistics, distribution and more cost-effective packaging," says Elenez. "That's when I realized our Customer Solutions team could make a huge impact on their business. I brought in our team and you could say the magic started from there."
Flexibility key to moving faster
Prior to Keechle and Sukkar's meeting with Elenez, Monster Moto's minibikes and go-karts were manufactured in China and shipped fully assembled in containers via ocean freight. Lack of supply chain visibility was a serious issue.
"They would call their brokers but could not get the answers they needed to forecast delivery properly, which is critical to filling orders in a timely way," says Mark Modesti, who led the Customer Solutions team Elenez assembled to help Monster Moto.
Language and time barriers were obvious obstacles to doing business in China – drawbacks that were becoming costlier as the company rapidly increased in scale, speed and size, according to Keechle.
"If you tell our Chinese manufacturer that you want Product A, they will produce 25,000 of them exactly the same," he explains. "But if you tell them you want Product 1.01A, it will require more time to get the process right."
"We grew 75 percent year-over-year in 2014, and we've been on track for the same pace in 2015. So we need flexibility, creativity and innovation. We've got to be able to move faster."
Keeping competitive
Although Monster Moto will continue to have operations in China, they will be greatly reduced as assembly moves to the United States. Individual materials, as opposed to finished bikes, will be manufactured in China and then assembled here, similar to the auto industry model.
"When you look at the bill of materials and the labor component for assembly, we knew we had the chance to be a real competitor in the market," Keechle says.
But to stay competitive, he says, Monster Moto's logistics and inventory management would need an overhaul.
For example, a single ocean container will hold 219 completed minibikes, according to Keechle. "If they were unassembled and kitted with all engines in one container and frames in another, we can surely surpass 219. If all we achieve is a 50 percent increase to 330 units, our transportation cost will go down."
Of course, inventory management becomes increasingly difficult when dealing with component parts rather than assembled units that can be dropshipped. But Monster Moto benefits from the flexibility to meet market demand. Previously, the company would place orders with its Chinese manufacturer and wait 30 days for the containers to arrive.
"With parts on hand, we can switch things out a lot faster because the inventory is more interchangeable," Keechle says.
In a series of whiteboard sessions with Elenez and the UPS Customer Solutions team, UPS® addressed logistics solutions for this new situation: moving parts from China to a new 100,000-square-foot assembly plant in Ruston, La., shipping finished bikes from Ruston to retailers and consumers, and warehousing finished bikes in the U.S.
"It was a real eye-opener for them to find out that UPS could help organize the Asia side, and help get inventory delivered on schedule as they shifted from a finished product model to an assembly model," says Modesti.
Bringing assembly back home
Selecting small-town Ruston for their assembly plant would seem like an odd choice, but the Monster Moto team couldn't be more excited about its potential for growth and development on domestic turf.
When choosing a location, Monster Moto met with officials from Texas, Louisiana, Florida and South Carolina. Louisiana's economic incentives won out. Another driving factor was LED FastStart, a Louisiana Economic Development program that will screen, recruit and train the assembly plant workforce. Nearby Louisiana Tech University also provides an outsourced engineering department and innovative labor pool.
"When Joseph Elenez came to meet us, it was to talk about shipping rates," Keechle says. "But he put his partner hat on and said, ‘I think I can help these guys, and here's how.' That was an Aha! moment for me. I realized that Joseph and Mark and the others on the UPS team were problem solvers who cared about us, and wanted to do the right thing for a small company because it's the right thing to do.
"That's when I realized there is an entrepreneurial culture rampant in a company like UPS with 400,000 employees."
Should your business consider a logistics overhaul? Contact your UPS account manager to see how UPS can help.
When an agency buys ads directly from a major online publisher, it generally expects them to appear on that publisher's sites. But, owing to the ad tech morass, that isn't always the case.
Increasingly, big-name publishers are using the strength of their brands to help them repackage and re-sell third-party inventory. The name of the game online is scale, and that means high-end publishers often need to cobble together not just their own sites but those of smaller destinations. Condé Nast is doing so with its Entertainment Network and syndication partners. Forbes is doing so with its Audience Network. Time has its Axcess network. While this is standard practice, the rules of the road are clear: Buyers must know what they're buying.
That isn't always the case. When that big-name publisher is mixing its own inventory in with that of third parties, it's easy for things to get confused.
One media agency recently purchased what it thought was video inventory on Condé Nast-owned property Wired.com, for example, but was surprised to see its client's ads suddenly popping up on long-tail, low-quality site TechTickleTV.com, which is little more than an ad farm. The site is rarely updated and when it is, it's populated with embedded videos or in some cases single-sentence “articles.” Its homepage features content published in 2011. It drops over 40 cookies from a wide range of ad tech providers. Wired it is not.
“For one client in particular, we purchased Wired's media property. We found that our ads were running on TechTickleTV, which is a site we did not purchase,” the agency exec explained. “Wired said that TechTickleTV is a part of their Entertainment Network, and it's a syndicate partner of Wired. We never green-lit the Condé Nast Entertainment network.”
TechTickleTV, it turns out, is indeed part of Condé Nast's “Entertainment Network,” with which it helps its advertisers extend their buys beyond just Condé Nast properties. To be more precise, TechTickleTV is part of an ad network called Grab Media, and Grab Media is part of Condé Nast's Entertainment Network. If it sounds confusing, it's because it is. That's the problem. The Internet advertising system is a daisy chain of daisy chains, where both the source and destination are obscure.
There are two issues at play here. First, Condé Nast ran ads on third-party properties its agency says it didn't ask it to. Accidents happen, of course. A spokesperson for the company said the ad was “unintentionally being served on TechTickleTV,” and that “the site has been blocked” from its syndication network. Ask any seller about instances like this, you're likely to hear a similar story. Often it's true, although it's hard to tell for sure with the layers of complexity that produce enough plausible deniability to provide sellers' with coverage. This type of accident is commonplace, it seems. And that's an issue in itself.
But perhaps more important is the fact that major publishers like Condé Nast don't always know where they're selling ads. The ad-network-repping-ad-network daisy chain leads to situations like this where major publishers sell impressions and then have little control over where they appear. Sometimes that's on sites with little or no content, many of which are designed simply to cram as many ads on their pages as possible. The fact that TechTickleTV.com can get ads intended for Wired tells you something about the quality controls that currently exist in Internet advertising.
How those sites generate traffic is anyone's guess. But agencies are increasingly asking that question as rumors of bot traffic abound. According to some in the industry, sites such as TechTickleTV are supported entirely by purchased traffic. Nobody really knows how that audience is generated.
“I wish I could tell you where they get the traffic,” the agency exec said. “I don't know.”
TechTickleTV itself is owned by a company called Hutch Media, which operates other properties including Celeblogity.com and SuperBooyah.com. It's a similar story on those properties, too. It appears Celeblogity hasn't been updated since May, and there are no comments on any of its published posts, which consist mostly of embedded videos.
But ads for major advertisers show up on both of those sites nonetheless, likely retargeted via exchanges. They're not necessarily facilitated by Condé Nast, but ads for brands including McDonald's, eBay, StubHub, Bonobos, Avis and others are pasted all over it. (Hutch Media had not returned requests for comment when this story was published.)
It's no secret that there are some shady practices when it comes to gaming the online ad system. Middlemen are, to a certain extent, incentivized to turn a blind eye to a lot of it, because it's in their own interests to do so. Many are paid on a per-ad basis, after all. More attention is focusing on bots, which inflate the numbers in digital media and defraud advertisers. Big players, especially those whose technology fuels this morass, downplay the severity of the problem, even though it continually pops up, time and again.
Agencies and advertisers are aware of this risk when they buy from networks, and to a certain extent they accept it. If you're contracting with a network for $1 CPM video ads, you're getting what you paid for. But when they deal directly with top-shelf publishers, they expect their ads to show up there, and only there. If nothing else, that's specifically why they go direct in the first place as opposed to buying ads through networks or exchanges themselves.
Ultimately, it's in publishers' interests to make sure they get this stuff right if they want to protect the “direct relationships” many say they still value over their other sales channels.
Image via Flickr
It's fitting, in a way, that a service that bills itself as "the world's first free and legal peer-to-peer music service" doesn't offer a single song.
Qtrax, the service in question, claimed last week to have deals in place with all four major labels to offer a free, ad-supported music service. Qtrax admitted Monday that it lacks active deals with any of them, which might explain the total absence of downloadable songs on the service.
A quick test Monday revealed that the songs listed in Qtrax's slick, Songbird-based interface cannot be downloaded, putting the service in more or less the same holding pattern it's been in for four and a half years: waiting for label approval.
Download the Qtrax player, and you'll be able to play the songs youalready own. You'll also see songs in the massive, over-25-million-songcatalog that Qtrax claims it will offer soon. When – if ever – you'llbe able to download those tunes from Qtrax remains to be seen. Three of the four major labels confirmed on Monday that negotiations were ongoing, although neither they nor Qtrax would discuss the status of those negotiations.
The Big Four major labels have licensed other free, ad-supported services (imeem, Last.fm, SpiralFrog),
so Qtrax's misleading launch announcement seemed plausible enough overthe weekend. But, pending licensing deals the company says are coming"shortly, upon final execution of all pertinent contracts," songscannot be downloaded from the service.
So was Qtrax's announcement some sort of sick joke? Why did the company claim that the deals were in place?
One answer lies in the massive amount of media attention garnered bythe announcement. (Regrettably, I was an unwitting participant: In thefuture, when a company claims to have deals with all four major labels,
I'll make at least four phone calls before writing a single word.)
But there are shreds of truth to Qtrax's claims, despite itsconfounding launch strategy. The company has signed deals with majorlabels in the past. In one case (EMI), the deal expired before thelaunch announcement, and in another (Sony/BMG), the deal only coveredlimited-play downloads, not the unlimited-listening downloads Qtraxclaimed it would offer. And in some cases, Qtrax has deals withpublishers allowing it to make and distribute copies of songs, butlacks deals with labels that would allow users to hear them.
Isn't copyright law great?
Qtrax maintains that the labels will sign their contractssoon, and that users can expect to receive activation keys shortly thatwill allow downloading to begin. We shall see. Until then, Qtrax isjust another music playback program, albeit one developed by a companywith a questionable grip on reality.
See also:
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 13 OF 13 · Later Kibitzing>
Oct-01-13 Conrad93 : The game was designed for poetic reasons.
Accuracy was not a concent.
Mar-05-14 Karpova : Dr. Emanuel Lasker, Berlin, May 9, 1912 gives the game score with annotations and also writes: <Die Regeln der damaligen Zeit scheinen sich von den heutigen nur in dreierlei Hinsicht unterschieden zu haben: 1. Es gab noch keine Rochade, sondern nur den Sprung des Königs. 2. Wer die Dame verlor, verlor damit die Partie. 3. Ein bis in die achte Reihe vordringender Bauer konnte nur eine Figur werden, die bereits geschlagen war.> (The rules of that time seem to have deviated from todays in only three instances: 1. There was no castling, only the jump of the ♔. 2: He who lost the ♕ lost the game. 3. A ♙ which entered the 8th file could only become a piece which had already been taken.) Source: 'Pester Lloyd', 1912.05.12, page 9
Aug-20-14
OhioChessFan : <Phony Benoni: First!> <Phony> Some of us are having a bit of a conversation about puns, and I happened to see I turned that in as a Pun suggestion some years ago. I came here just to be able to link to the game in question and saw you had the same idea. GMTA and so do ours.
Dec-20-14 kamagong24 : scandanavian is older than sicilian's defense!
Jun-24-15
Richard Taylor : Did White miss the Ne5 trick when B went to g4? It was a lively game in any case. Interesting that they recorded the game. A Centre-Counter so early on! It is still quite a popular opening and quite sharp for both players...
Sep-04-15 The Kings Domain : It's a marvel that a record of this game survives; for a long time I thought Greco's games were the oldest. It would be great if older games than this will be discovered in the near future.
Feb-07-16 Asabovsobelo : I completely missed 6. Ne6! Thanks KingsCrusher.
May-17-16
centralfiles : < <Richard Taylor > Did White miss the Ne5 trick when B went to g4?> see karpovas post above about losing the Queen.
That would also explain why not Bxf7+ then Ne5+ that would be an illegal move putting the Q en prise
May-20-16
Richard Taylor : <central files> I see. But Bxf7+ would have been o.k. as the Q isn't thus in "check", I presume only the K can be in check hence it is a good move here. But I had forgotten about this game.
May-20-16
centralfiles : after Bxf7 white cannot play Ne5
Mar-21-17
Jonathan Sarfati : Interesting article about this game and the origin of modern chess: Valencia and the origin of modern chess
http://www.chessvibes.com/?q=column...
Mar-23-17
Jonathan Sarfati : This should not be called the Scandinavian Defence but the Valencian Defence or Vinyoles Defence.
Mar-29-17
Jonathan Sarfati : <centralfiles: < <Richard Taylor > Did White miss the Ne5 trick when B went to g4?> see karpovas post above about losing the Queen. That would also explain why not Bxf7+ then Ne5+ that would be an illegal move putting the Q en prise> Still strange, because doesn't 20. Qxd7+ also put the Q en prise?
Mar-29-17
Richard Taylor : Interesting to see the oldest game in any case. Or what may be the oldest.
Mar-30-17 Yigor : Here are evaluations from ChessOK database:
1. e4 (KP, +0.11) d5 (Scandinavian, +0.29) 2. exd5 Qxd5 3. Nc3 Qd8 (Ilundain Variation, +0.33) 4. Bc4 Nf6 (+0.37) 5. Nf3 Bg4 (mistake, +1.12 after 6. Ne5) 6. h3 (mistake, +0.33) Bxf3 (+0.48) 7. Qxf3 The sequence of Pawn Structure Classification Codes: 2E -> 2Ed -> 6Ed -> 6Ed1h (pawn height =13)
Apr-01-17
Jonathan Sarfati : <Richard Taylor:> , yes, the oldest known game with modern Q and B moves. What's more, the two players, along with their fellow poet and nobelman Bernat Fenollar who commented on the game, were probably the ones who invented these rules!
Jun-12-17 schnarre : ...Interesting to go over such an old game!
Jun-20-17
lomez : This might not actually be from 1745. Maybe a few years later.
Jun-20-17
ChessHigherCat : It looks a game played between a king (white) and his court jester (black). Why not 10. ...Rb8 11. Qc6 Rb6, for example? Probably because if black won, it was "Off with his head!". Lasker's rules cited by <Karpova> are interesting, especially: 2) He who loses the queen, loses the game (surprisingly feminist for the period), and 3) a pawn that reaches the 8th rank can only become a piece which has already been taken (that would avoid a lot of the crazy fumbling around that goes on in blitz games, trying to put tin foil on top of a pawn or something)
Oct-21-17
Jonathan Sarfati : <ChessHigherCat: (surprisingly feminist for the period),> But then, maybe not. From the date and place, many chess historians believed that the huge expansion in the power of the queen was a tribute to Queen Isabella of Castile, a powerful queen regnant.
Nov-07-17 MariusDaniel : Great chess game from 15th century!
Sep-21-18 Yigor : The next Scandinavian game in this database: Hanstein - von der Lasa (1839): gid=1266108.
Sep-21-18 Parachessus : <ChessHigherCat> Christian Freeling's brilliant chess variant called "Grand Chess" only allows pawns to promote to captured pieces. So if your queen is still on the board, you can't promote to a queen. Also, in GC pawns can promote on the last TWO ranks. This would mean K+P vs K endings would always be won by the side with the extra pawn.
Sep-22-18 Yigor : 4. Bc4 can be called "Castellvi attack". The main line is 4. d4. The next Scandinavian: Ilundain game: Morphy/Barnes - Staunton/Owen (1858), gid=1242885.
Jump to page # (enter # from 1 to 13)
search thread:
Thousands of anti-government protesters with lit candles gather in front of the Supreme Court in a continuation of protest in Warsaw, Poland on Sunday, 16 July 2017, against the latest changes in legislation that reorganize the judiciary. They say the changes violate judicial independence and the rule of law. Earlier in the day a massive protest was held in front of the parliament. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Thousands of government opponents protested in Warsaw and other cities in Poland on Sunday against new judicial reforms and future plans to change the Supreme Court.
Legislation that was adopted last week has drawn condemnation from European Union politicians and from Poland's opposition. They say it violates judicial independence and the rule of law.
Under the new legislation, lawmakers appoint members of the National Council of the Judiciary, which draws up and enforces ethical guidelines for judges, reviews judicial candidates and seeks opinions on new rules and regulations to ensure they are constitutional.
Another draft law calls for the retirement of all Supreme Court judges and new appointments to be made by the justice minister, and reorganization of its work. Among the court's tasks is confirming the validity of elections and ruling on especially difficult cases.
The protesters gathered twice on Sunday, first during the day in city centers. In the evening, they assembled outside courthouses and placed lights around the buildings in a show of support for judges.
The demonstrations, held under the slogan of “In the defense of the courts,” were the latest in a string of mass anti-government demonstrations challenging the conservative, populist Law and Justice party, which has been in power for 20 months. Their main theme has been the defense of democracy under the ruling party, which controls both houses of parliament and also enjoys support from President Andrzej Duda. The fractured and weak opposition has posed little challenge to the government, other than participating in the protests.
In Warsaw, a noisy crowd gathered before the parliament building, chanting “we will defend democracy” and other slogans against ruling party leader, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is Poland's most powerful politician, whom they called a “dictator.”
“We, the citizens, are defending the rule of law, we are on the side of the law,” said one of the protest leaders, Wladyslaw Frasyniuk, a top pro-democracy activist in the 1980s.
The main opposition party's leader and a former foreign minister, Grzegorz Schetyna, warned that the ruling party may use the new regulations to manipulate electoral returns. Crowds also gathered in Krakow, Szczecin, Poznan and elsewhere.
The ruling party has already put loyalists on another top court, the Constitutional Tribunal, a move that has drawn condemnation from European Union leaders.
Kaczynski, a lawyer, insists Poland's judiciary system is a continuation of the communist-era one. He says the court system is inefficient and needs “radical changes” and new people.
Many experts and judges agree that the justice system and especially courts need reforms that would speed up the handling of cases, but say Law and Justice proposals are going in the wrong direction.
Poland is still a young democracy, after it shed communist rule in 1989 and joined the EU in 2004.
The oldest are probably just toddlers, innocents born into one of the most reviled terrorist movements in the world.
And very soon, they could be the responsibility of the federal government.
The children of Canadian members of the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant form part of a potentially explosive dilemma confronting federal officials. As ISIL teeters on the brink of military defeat, what should the government do when and if Canadian members of ISIL are captured?
Some experts say Ottawa has no choice but to try to repatriate and prosecute in Canada any detained members, ensuring they aren't tortured or otherwise mistreated by local forces. As for those ISIL children, if they have one Canadian parent, they would be citizens and, lawyers say, deserve help.
“The government has absolutely no choice but to protect the Charter rights of these Canadians,” said Lorne Dawson, a University of Waterloo professor who has extensively studied radicalized youth.
“The embassy, the consulate would have to deal with them, the way they would any Canadian who's gotten in trouble abroad, and assist them to come home if that's what they want to do.”
Others note there would be little public sympathy — especially after the controversial payment made to Omar Khadr — for bringing back foreign fighters, even if they were to face justice in Canada.
The French government, for one, has already said that Iraq's court system, not France's, should judge one of its nationals captured recently near Mosul, noted Phil Gurski, a former Canadian Security Intelligence Service analyst.
“Does the Canadian government have a legal, let alone a moral, responsibility to act on these people's behalf? I think the answer is ‘No,' ” said the head of the Borealis consulting company. “They made a conscious decision to leave this country and to join a group that everyone and his dog knows is a terrorist group … ‘It sucks to be you; live with it.' ”
Andrew Gowing, a spokesman for Public Safety Canada, said the government would not speculate on what it would do with any captured Canadians, but said all citizens have a right to consular assistance.
The issue is not just an academic one. Unconfirmed reports suggest 20 female foreign participants in ISIL were caught by Iraqi forces in Mosul last weekend. Local media outlets suggested two were Canadians, though Iraqi sources have told the National Post the group included only Russian, French and German women.
Regardless, federal officials have told Dawson they are discussing the prospect of Canadian ISIL activists surfacing overseas, and seem to have come to some firm conclusions about what to do.
“They always stress … ‘We cannot in any way afford to allow our actions to result in a Canadian citizen receiving basically torture, or abuse. That will never happen again'.”
Turning a blind eye to maltreatment by Iraqis or others could lead to a human-rights claim like Khadr's, Dawson said. Though accused of killing an American soldier while a teenage member of al-Qaida, Khadr received a $10.5-million settlement recently over Canada's role in his torture and other rights violations while in U.S. military custody.
Estimates from the government and outside researchers suggest as many as 100 Canadians have travelled to Iraq or Syria to join ISIL, including 15 to 20 women, most of whom have reportedly had children there.
Citizens facing serious charges in a foreign country with a well-functioning justice system would normally be left to that nation's courts, says Anil Kapoor, a Toronto lawyer who has acted on numerous national-security cases. But given that ISIL members would be detained in a chaotic war zone, Canada should probably try to repatriate them, he said.
Once here, they could face charges under section 83 of the Criminal Code, such as leaving Canada to join a terrorist organization, participating in or facilitating terrorist activity, or committing a crime for a terror group, with penalties of up to life in prison.
If local authorities in Iraq or elsewhere insisted on prosecuting them, Canada should at least provide diplomatic assistance, said Kapoor.
Even if some are convicted of crimes in Canada, efforts ought to be made to reintegrate them into society after their sentences end, argued Barbara Jackman, a Toronto immigration lawyer who has often handled terror-related cases.
“I really think they need to work with the Muslim community in terms of developing plans to assist them,” she said. “They are Canadian kids, we can't just sort of throw them away.”
Babies born in the Middle East to at least one parent who is a Canadian citizen would automatically be Canadian themselves, Gowing said.
Such children may, though, face an uncertain future, said Gurski.
“This issue of orphans and kids born to people who joined Islamic State is going to haunt us for a decade,” he said. “Who wants to take care of them? It's not the kids' fault, but these are the sons and daughters of terrorists.”
• Email: tblackwell@nationalpost.com | Twitter: tomblackwellNP
With the Blues trailing 1-0 at the Etihad, Ramires looked to have equalised early in the second half, only to see his goal incorrectly ruled out for offside.
Eden Hazard then went close to scoring what would have been a deserved equaliser, before the home side netted twice in quick succession to secure the points.
‘In the first half the best team was winning, in the second the best team was Chelsea,' said Mourinho. ‘We didn't score and if the 1-0 result after the second half was an unfair result in my opinion, imagine 2-0 or 3-0. They were the best team in the first half, they controlled the game and created chances. We were comfortable on the ball but defensively we were quite fragile.
‘I'm the first one to be disappointed when all week you are speaking about movements, directions of the game, mechanisms, Aguero's runs and positions, wingers coming from the outside to the inside, and then after 10 seconds he [Aguero] is in the face of Begovic. We were defensively poor in the first half.
‘In the second half everything changed. We brought our defensive line to the midfield line, we pressed them and had control of the game. We created chances and had space in midfield to play. They couldn't cope with that. I'm nobody to analyse the opposing manager's work but I don't think anybody will misunderstand if I say we did very well.
‘They felt the result was in danger; their first change was a control change, Navas for Nasri, the second was defensive, Sterling for Demichelis. At that moment they wanted to keep the 1-0 and they were having trouble keeping it. We were punished by our mistakes for the second and third goals and we couldn't capitalise on the good second half we had.'
The Chelsea manager felt Fernandinho was fortunate to avoid being sent off for an elbow on Diego Costa
‘My feeling? (It should have been a) red card. Yaya Toure should also have had a second yellow card, but the score was 3-0 so it had no relation to the result, but it had a relation to the rules.'
He explained why John Terry was replaced by Kurt Zouma at half-time
‘I had to decide on John or Cahill because Zouma is the fastest player we have in our defensive line. When you are going to play with a high block and you are asking your players to do that, the fastest player has to be on the pitch.
‘The point was not to bring John out but to bring Zouma in. I wanted to have my fastest player on the pitch and not on the bench because I knew they would play counter attack and long balls into Aguero. I knew I wanted my team to be dominant and to play in the opposition half.
‘I'm the one that plays John every game, made him captain, brought him back from a difficult situation with other managers. I'm the one who has the right to look at the game and say I want Zouma on the pitch. I was losing 1-0, in minute 35 I was trying to anticipate what I was going to say to the players, and ask the players at half-time, and immediately I had Zouma warming up because it was clear to me he had to play.'
There was positive news shortly after the game when the club announced we had completed the signing of Baba Rahman from Augsburg, and Mourinho explained why the defender will be an important addition to the squad.
‘It's important because he's a left-back and he can compete with Azpilicueta. At the same time, Azpi can also compete with Ivanovic for the right-back position. This player replaces Filipe Luis in terms of the balance of the squad. Hopefully next week he will be ready.'
Jose Mourinho's post-match interview with Chelsea TV is available to view below subject to Fan Club Plus membership.
In the past decade — and for the first time — a majority of impoverished communities in our country are in suburban areas. This dramatic change demands we rethink the way our society and our government serve people.
THE cost of housing is arguably the biggest issue facing our region. Too many people are being priced out of Seattle, driving farther from the jobs that pay the bills to homes they can afford.
But for all the rhetoric, the true nature of the challenge is being missed.
While many people highlight housing costs in Seattle, far fewer focus on the fact that poverty in King County is now largely a suburban challenge, not an urban one. We as a region need to retool our systems to meet our working poor people and seniors on a fixed income where they are, in suburbs like Tukwila, where I live.
Combating suburban poverty A discussion on strategies to recognize, respond to and address poverty in the suburbs, sponsored by King County Green Tools, the Congress for the New Urbanism and the Bullitt Foundation, will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. Tuesday, May 2, at Benaroya Hall, 200 University St., Seattle; free (http://st.news/poverty).
De'Sean Quinn is a city council member in Tukwila, a husband and father of two boys. He will be on a free panel discussion Tuesday discussing poverty in suburban King County.
Today, more than two-thirds of all people at or below the federal poverty level in King County live in the suburbs, many concentrated in South King County. This same dynamic is reshaping the face of poverty across the nation.
Few things happen by accident. When it comes to housing, jobs, education, transportation and human services, public and financial policies drive predictable outcomes.
As a fourth-generation Washingtonian, Seattleite and student of local history, consider this well-documented example: For the majority of our history, “redlining” and other protective covenants limited where people of color, and Jewish and immigrant communities, could settle, which is why the Central Area neighborhood became home to African Americans in Seattle.
Today, policies dictating where transit goes (and doesn't), which pieces of land can house many people (and which can only house a few), and where social services are located determine to a great degree how well our region works for people of all income levels. Clearly there is an opportunity for regional collaboration to make sure impoverished communities are better served than they currently are.
As the cost of housing increases in cities, driven by constrained supply and unbounded demand, lower-income people are being forced into the suburbs. Known as the “suburbanization of poverty,” this trend increased dramatically from 2000 to 2011. In fact, out of the top 100 metropolitan regions in the U.S., the greater Puget Sound area is ranked 23rd fastest for growth of suburban poverty, according to research by the Brookings Institution.
In the past decade — and for the first time — a majority of impoverished communities in our country are in suburban areas. This is a dramatic change, and one that demands we rethink the way our society and our government serves people.
Because poverty is still relatively new to the suburbs, it is far more common for suburban poverty to be tied to limited transportation choice, educational inequities and poor access to supporting services. Even more critically, the social capital fostered in institutions such as churches is often frayed as people disperse into far-flung suburbs.
The challenges are obviously big, requiring our whole region to work together.
But there is one big opportunity, based on a commitment we have already made. Over the next 20 years, we will be significantly investing in our transit system, Sound Transit 3. Already, new light-rail lines are being built and transit-oriented developments are under consideration in Tukwila, Des Moines, Shoreline, Northgate and Eastgate.
These are areas with pockets of poverty where people could benefit from access to better transit. It just makes sense to do everything possible to incentivize mixed-use and affordable housing around transit stations, along with access to quality public education, community centers and retail, especially grocery stores.
In Seattle as well as South King County, there is much work needed to address housing affordability, so people can stay in their homes and communities, and new residents can afford to raise their families.
We also need to let go of the outdated notion that poverty is an urban issue. Today, it is decidedly suburban. The first step in tackling the challenges of suburban poverty involves acknowledging it exists, then rolling up our sleeves to find new ways of empowering impoverished communities where they live, in the suburbs.
Shared responsibility generates shared prosperity.
@Boarhound Porcelain is in fact genderfluid. :) — GAIL SIMONE (@GailSimone) July 16, 2015
It had previously been suggested that Porcelain, a new member of the Secret Six comic from DC Comics written by Gail Simone, was a new transgender character for the DCU.
This week's issue made that a little more complex.
This makes Porcelain better defined as “genderfluid”, not inclined to settle on one gender for a sustained period, but responding to their situation and state at a given time.
Genderfluid is a related term of transgender. As adjectives the difference between genderfluidand transgender is that genderfluid is not conforming to fixed gender roles while transgender is (narrowly|of a person) having changed gender identity from male to female, or from female to male.
Oh and as to that final comment from Damon Wells, Big Shot, it's all about the hat.
We do also get the return of original Secret Six member and gay character, also created by Gail Simone, Scandal Savage, who leaves her calling card.
And for those who, like us, are convinced that Big Shot is actually Ralph Dibny, The Elongated Man, in disguise, another clue to convince us…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
2015 will be the Nissan Xterra's final model year. The final nails in the coffin were hammered in by an increasingly popular crossover market, total domination on the off-road category by the Jeep Wranglers, and Nissan's inability to affordably recreate the Xterra with modern regulatory concerns in mind.
This doesn't mean Nissan isn't competing in the SUV market any more, but most of the automaker's remaining SUVs are true crossovers. Nissan USA sold 376,388 Rogues, Pathfinders, Muranos, Jukes, and Titan-based Armadas in 2014.
Xterra volume, meanwhile, tumbled 77% over the course of a decade, falling by 55,942 units to 16,505 U.S. sales in 2005.
Although the nameplate had mostly levelled off over the last four years, that levelling off involved just 69,714 sales over a four-year period between 2011 and 2014, fewer than than the total number of sales achieved by the Xterra in 2005.
But the Xterra was initially popular, both in the automotive press and in the North American market. Not that it's a sure sign of future success, but Motor Trend twice named the Xterra its Sport Utility Of The Year. Sales in the model's first full year, 2000, climbed to 88,578 units. As recently as 2005, the last time Nissan sold more than 70,000 in a calendar year, it was America's 23rd-best-selling utility vehicle.
It fell to 61st in 2014 – behind the Mazda CX-9 and Range Rover Sport but ahead of the Porsche Cayenne and Toyota FJ Cruiser – and ranks 67th through the first two months of 2015, behind Nissan's own Armada but ahead of the Audi Q3.
To say that there's no demand for this type of vehicle is to deny the success of the Jeep Wrangler. But the Wrangler isn't just any other off-road capable SUV. Iconic styling, a pair of bodystyles, an aggressive base price, and a convertible bodystyle recently helped the Wrangler fend off a challenger from the planet's largest automaker: the FJ Cruiser from Toyota.
In 2014, a record-setting year for the Wrangler, 175,328 were sold in America. That was surely a sign of sufficient brightness to assure Nissan that drumming up the volume required to support a necessary new model would prove too difficult.
Timothy Cain is the founder of GoodCarBadCar.net, which obsesses over the free and frequent publication of U.S. and Canadian auto sales figures.
Image caption This is the first report of a person regaining sight having had a detached retina for so long, doctors say
A man in the US, who was blinded in one eye 55 years ago, has had his sight restored, according to the Journal of Medical Case Reports.
The patient was eight when his retina was detached after he was hit in the right eye with a stone.
When the retina is detached for a long time it can be permanently damaged, so re-attaching it might not restore vision.
Doctors said restoring sight after this length of time was a medical first.
The man was 63 when he went to the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary, saying he had pain and redness in his eye.
There was swelling, bleeding and a high fluid pressure in his right eye.
Light sight
After washing the eye out and treatment with a drug which stopped new blood vessels forming - the eye went from completely blind to being able to detect the source of a bright light.
Doctors thought this was encouraging enough to try re-attaching the retina.
After surgery he was able to see again.
Surgeons believe it was successful because of the low "height" of the retinal detachment.
Dr Olusola Olawoye said: "To the best of our knowledge this is the first report of visual recovery in a patient with long-standing traumatic retinal detachment.
"This is not only a great result for our patient but has implications for restoring eyesight in other patients, especially in the context of stem cell research into retinal progenitor cells which may be able to be transplanted into diseased retinas to restore vision."
There has long been a rumor concerning conjunctivitis, or pink eye. Can this common malady really be spread by farting on your pillow, then using your pillow to rest your head?
Can You Get Pink Eye from Farting?
Pink eye is also called by its medical name, conjunctivitis. It is a painful inflammation and swelling of the outermost layer of your eye, also known as the conjunctiva. This can be caused by an allergic reaction, or by a virus and bacteria. The latter two are contagious, while the former is not. This is often passed from one person to another by simple touch. It's easy to see how a whole room of people could wind up passing pink eye around.
The idea that you can get pink eye from farting is an urban legend. Pink eye usually comes from bad hygiene, such as not washing your hands regularly, or touching other things and then touching your eyes. Unfortunately, this happens very often. We touch our face throughout the day, often without realizing we are doing so – for instance, scratching an itchy spot on your forehead might be so automatic that you don't actually realize you did it. However, this can spread viruses and bacteria to the area. If you don't wash your face often, those viruses and bacteria can accumulate and eventually spread into your eye, setting up the problem.
There are also other ways to get pink eye. Those who have a staph infection or gonorrhea might face this problem. Bacteria that can be found in smoke and even on contact lenses can increase the risk. Finally, remember that those with dry eyes have a lower tolerance for viruses and bacteria in that area, and can wind up with conjunctivitis much faster than someone who doesn't have a problem with dry eyes.
In addition, there is some question about whether the gas expelled from the body when you fart could lead to pink eye. What is expelled from your body is mostly methane, and methane alone cannot cause pink eye.
Likelihood of Getting Pink Eye from Farting
With that said, there is a very slim chance that you might get pink eye from someone farting on your pillow – but the conditions have to be exactly right in order for this to happen. First, the person would have to fart on your pillow without anything between themselves and the pillowcase. Secondly, they would have to deposit enough bacteria there to cause a problem. Third, you would have to lie down on the pillow immediately in order to get the bacteria on your skin, which is unlikely, as bacteria don't survive very long in the open air.
But keep in mind that this “perfect storm” of flatulence, bacteria and skin contact would be extremely unlikely to happen in any situation. If you are still concerned, be sure to change your pillowcase if you or anyone else passes gas near or on your pillow. This will help ensure that you won't have any problems at all, as well as provide you with the peace of mind you need to know that you won't get pink eye from farting.
SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's push to fulfill a campaign promise to replace Obamacare, his predecessor's signature healthcare plan, with the help of a Republican-controlled Congress, could add to U.S. states' financial strain.
FILE PHOTO - A small group of demonstrators stands outside of of a hotel before former South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint, president of the The Heritage Foundation, speaks at a "Defund Obamacare Tour" rally in Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. August 26, 2013. REUTERS/Nate Chute/File Photo
That is because a key component of the 2010 law allowed states to expand Medicaid, the government health insurance program for low-income Americans, and collect extra dollars that came with expansion.
Thirty-one states and the District of Columbia chose to expand Medicaid enrollment through Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act.
(Graphic - here)
While Republicans have not agreed to specific plans, one idea gaining traction has been to convert the current system, in which states share the cost of Medicaid enrollees with the federal government, into fixed payments, or block grants, sent to the states.
Trump's nominee to run the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, U.S. Representative Tom Price, has long advocated such a plan.
The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates a repeal of Obamacare and a cap on federal Medicaid spending, such as through a block grant or a per capita cap, could cut Medicaid funding by 41 percent over the next decade. That would likely handicap states' ability to respond to larger enrollments during recessions.
“It will have clear implications for state budgets,” said Robin Rudowitz, the Washington-based associate director at Kaiser's Program on Medicaid and the Uninsured. “States could raise revenue and spend less in other areas, but these are not easy choices to make.”
The foundation is a nonprofit focused on health issues.
Faced with inflexible federal funding, states might also decide to limit Medicaid eligibility or freeze new enrollment, reducing the number of people covered.
In a letter to congressional leaders on Tuesday, the National Governors Association pleaded with lawmakers not to “shift costs to states.”
New Jersey, one of many states struggling with ballooning public pension costs and modest revenue growth, expanded Medicaid under Republican Governor Chris Christie.
That state could lose up to $3 billion in federal aid if the Affordable Care Act is repealed and have to spend $1 billion more from its budget, Democratic state lawmakers there said this week.
MONEY FLOWS FROM THE HEART
Medicaid sits at the heart of the federal-state fiscal relationship. Over $330 billion in federal Medicaid dollars flowed to states in fiscal year 2016, accounting for more than half of all federal grants sent to state and local governments and the largest individual program, according to Standard & Poor's.
In 2015, the federal government paid about 60 percent of total Medicaid costs while states paid 40 percent.
Medicaid enrollment also tends to spike during an economic downturn, just as state revenues are most strained, spurring the federal government to send more money to states.
Despite calls from Trump to Republican lawmakers on Thursday for swift action on replacing Obamacare and on other priorities, changes will likely still take time to work out.
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said the agenda would take more than 100 days and said the goal “is to get these laws done in 2017,” without guaranteeing an Obamacare replacement would be enacted by the end of December.
With so many details still up in the air, public officials are hard-pressed to craft budgets that directly respond to their concerns.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on Tuesday said his next budget would hold a record amount of money in reserve and seek at least $1 billion of savings citywide to compensate for “a huge amount of uncertainty” emanating from Washington.
In California, Medicaid enrollment jumped from nearly 8 million in 2012 to more than 14 million today, thanks in part to federal healthcare reforms.
In a letter earlier this month to U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Democratic California Governor Jerry Brown pleaded that Congress considers reforms that do not burden state budgets.
“That would be a very cynical way to prop up the federal budget - and devastating to millions of Americans,” Brown wrote to the Republican congressman from California.
However, Brown's proposed budget this month did not include a contingency for a potential repeal of Obamacare or the threat of changes to the federal tax code.
“Until there is a change in policy at the federal level, we will continue to budget under the current rules of the road,” said California Finance Department spokesman H.D. Palmer.
Scientists have figured out how to create a new type of sonic boom using light instead of sound, and it's opened up a more efficient way to convert energy into beams of light.
Why would someone want to convert perfectly good energy into light? Well, our current computers run on plain old energy, and they've about hit their peak in terms of how much processing power we can jam into their chips. Light-based computers, on the other hand, could theoretically process data at the speed of light, and this new sonic boom could be how we finally do it.
First off, a little background info on light-based computers. Like quantum computers, light-based computers are being developed in response to the inevitable - and fast-approaching - demise of the electron-based computer that you're reading this on right now.
Our current computers transmit data via electrons, and the speed at which that data can be transmitted is limited by the time it takes for these electronics to travel between the processor and the memory.
It's gotten to the point now, where if we want data to go faster, we need a medium that travels faster than electrons - so why not something that literally travels at the speed of light? While the idea of replacing electrons with light particles - or photons - sounds pretty simple, it's actually anything but.
As we explained back in September, running current computers on light instead of electricity would speed up the rate at which we could transmit data, but our current silicon chips still require the photons to be converted back to electrons to be processed.
This means everything would need to be slowed back down again to allow for the conversion, and the system would consume a whole lot of extra energy in the process. So a system that converts light to electrons would be even less efficient than one that uses only electrons! [conundrum intensifies]
Not that that's going to stop scientists and engineers from trying, because nailing light-based computers would quite literally revolutionise how we process data, and change the foundations of computing forever. (Permission to get hype, just a little.)
A team from MIT has just announced a new solution to the whole 'conversion problem', and it involves creating a kind of 'shockwave' of light. It's similar, in theory, to the shockwave and "boom" sound created by an aeroplane as it hits speeds faster than the speed of sound, and creates a sonic boom shockwave.
As David L. Chandler explains for MIT News, the researchers figured out that they could use a sheet of graphene - that 1-atom-thick 'wonder material' that everyone keeps talking about - to allow the flow of an electric current to overtake slowed-down light particles to produce an intense, focused beam of light. Or an optical boom, as they like to call it.
The team reports in Nature Communications that this is an entirely new way of converting electricity into visible radiation, and it's highly controllable, fast, and efficient.
So how does it work? The team observed that when light comes in contact with a two-dimensional sheet of graphene, it slows down dramatically - by a factor of a few hundred. What was more intriguing is the fact that the speed that these slowed-down photons were now travelling was almost exactly the same as the speeds travelling by the electrons.
Turns out, graphene coincidentally slows down light and speed up electrons to about the same speed.
Chandler explains:
"This effect dovetailed with another of graphene's exceptional characteristics: electrons pass through it at very high speeds, up to a million metres per second, or about 1/300 the speed of light in a vacuum. That meant that the two speeds were similar enough that significant interactions might occur between the two kinds of particles, if the material could be tuned to get the velocities to match."
The team says this could lead to a whole new way of generating light, because just as breaking the sound barrier generates a shockwave of sound, getting electrons and photons to travel at roughly the same speeds leads to a shockwave of light, trapped in two dimensions.
"This conversion is made possible because the electronic speed can approach the light speed in graphene, breaking the 'light barrier'," says one of the team, Marin Soljačić.
In terms of getting this technology into the light-based computers of the future, the team says we're talking operating speeds "six orders of magnitude higher than what is used in electronics" - or up to a million times faster.
So... what's the catch? This entire process hinges on graphene, and you know what they say - graphene is the material that can do anything... except leave the lab. Graphene is notoriously expensive to produce, and if we want it to be the basis of light-based computer chips, that's something scientists are going to have to figure out.
But progress is being made - six months ago, scientists announced that they'd figured out how to make graphene 100 times more cheaply than ever before. We've still gone a long way to go, but no one's giving up on this light-based computer hype-train just yet.
With Bitcoin continuously pushing its way further into the professional business world, Ledet Training – a national training center who works with Adobe and Apple – announced Thursday they will begin offering a two day instructor led hands-on Bitcoin training program.
The program, which will be held in Ledet's downtown Atlanta office as well as online, takes place over two days and is titled “Introduction to Bitcoin for Professionals.”
It's designed for business managers and professionals who are interested in learning the basics of Bitcoin and its business impact as well how to use Bitcoin within their business.
Ledet said they hope their program will provide “understanding and clarity to both managers and employees so that both standard operating procedures and long-term business strategy can be created and improved.”
Upcoming dates for the course are October 6, October 20, November 10, and December 1.
Along with learning how to incorporate Bitcoin into their own businesses and business strategies, program attendees will learn why their business should accept bitcoin, details on how to build Bitcoin-friendly infrastructure, and how to transfer bitcoins to and from vendors, suppliers and customers.
“There's a heavy focus on best practices in the class including covering mistakes companies have made and successes others have had using Bitcoin technology,” said Ledet.
Ledet said the program is appropriate for “business owners and leaders, managers, web developers, investors and professionals interested in a quick and easy way to become competent and educated on Bitcoin technology.”
And while Bitcoin has been gaining quick traction around the world, Ledet says that the technology still remains confusing to most business professionals, even ones directly involved with departments that it impacts, like web development, sales, marketing, accounting and finance.
Sterling Ledet, CEO of Ledet Training, claims that, “While media attention tends to focus on high-profile stories like the volatility in the virtual currencies price among traders, the news that doesn't gather as much attention is the story about how Bitcoin has been steadily growing as a trusted payment technology by billion-dollar companies such as Dell Computer, Overstock.com, Dish Network and Expedia as well as a ten of thousands of smaller technology literate companies around the world. As the technology has matured, more and more business leaders and small business owners are quietly getting on board.”
Ledet said further that there is so much to learn about Bitcoin, and those who wisely and effectively implement the technology can gain a strong competitive advantage. Considering how supportive the Bitcoin community is of merchant adopters, this seems to without a doubt be the case.
The competitive advantage becomes even more apparent when news emerges detailing how bitcoin revenue exceeded the expectations of merchants such as Dell, Dish and Expedia.
Ledet was founded in 1993 and was one of the first Adobe authorized training centers. The company currently serves as an authorized training partner for Adobe, Apple and Autodesk.
The course outline is as follows:
Lesson 1 – Understanding Bitcoin
-What is Bitcoin?
-What is fiat currency?
-Why Bitcoin?
-Naming conventions
-Monetary Units
-Bitcoin currency symbols
Lesson 2 – Wallet Fundamentals
-Working with Wallets
-Computer Wallets
-Online Wallets
-Mobile Wallets
-Offline Wallets
-Hardware Wallets
-Paper Wallets
-Identifying your Wallet
-Securing your Wallet
-Funding your Wallet
Lesson 3 – Transactions
-Understanding Transactions
-Receiving Bitcoin
-Sending Bitcoin
-Exchanging for USD
-Transaction fees
-Changing addresses
Lesson 4 – Accepting Bitcoins as payment
-Website Integration
-Listing with Bitcoin search engines
-Regulations
Lesson 5 – Advanced Wallet Management
-Responsibility of Wallet
-Backing up Wallet
-Changing Wallet Password
-Cold Storage
-Advanced Paper Wallets
Lesson 6 – Understanding the Blockchain
-What is the BlockChain?
-Who maintains the Blockchain?
Lesson 7 – Developing with Bitcoin
-Money as a service
-Bitcoin API
-Transaction Scripting language and Network Protocol
-Bitcoin improvement proposals
Lesson 8 – Investing in Bitcoin
-Investing in Bitcoin
-Bitcoin valuation model
Lesson 9 – Alternative Cryptocurrencies
-Market Capitalization
-Altcoins
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Melbourne Cup stalwartRed Cadeaux has sadly been euthanised after succumbing to his injured incurred in this years Melbourne Cup.
Trainer Ed Dunlop has said: “This is my saddest day in racing.Red Cadeaux was a much loved member of our family”
Owner Ronnie Arculli has said: “For a race that stops a nation we were lucky to have a horse that touched a nation”
More: Red Cadeaux to be buried at Flemington racecourse
View Red Cadeaux's closest 2011 Melbourne Cup run (2nd):
View Racing Victoria's media release below:
It is with great sadness that Racing Victoria (RV) advises that Red Cadeaux has today succumbed to complications from the injury he sustained in the Emirates Melbourne Cup at Flemington on 3 November 2015.
The connections of the English stayer have made the heartbreaking decision to humanely euthanise the horse after irreversible complications arose with the loss of blood flow to the foot on his injured left foreleg.
Experts at the University of Melbourne Equine Centre at Werribee, where the horse has been under veterinary care since the race, advised that there were no means by which they could successfully address the complication.
Trainer Ed Dunlop said; “This is my saddest day in racing. Red Cadeaux was a much loved member of our family and my thoughts are with his owner Mr Arculli and my staff, particularly Robin Trevor-Jones and Steve Nicholson, who spent every day caring for this horse.
“Unfortunately the complication was irreversible and the decision to euthanise the horse, whilst terribly hard, was made in his best interests.
“Red Cadeaux has given us and the racing public so much joy competing with great distinction across the world. He was an incredibly tough competitor with a wonderful nature and he will be dearly missed by all.
“I want to thank all the vets in Australia, particularly at the University of Melbourne Equine Clinic, that have worked tirelessly on the horse since the race and given him the very best of care.
“On behalf of Mr Arculli and my staff, I also want to thank the Australian public and his racing fans from around the world for their wonderful support and well wishes during what has been an incredibly tough time for us all.”
Owner Ronnie Arculli said; “For a race that stops a nation we were lucky to have a horse that touched a nation. We will miss Red Cadeaux dearly.”
RV Head of Equine Welfare and Veterinary Services, Dr Brian Stewart, said; “The loss of any racehorse is a terribly sad time for the connections given the love and care they are afforded. The loss of a crowd favourite such as Red Cadeaux is felt by all within the industry.
“Our thoughts go out at this time to Red Cadeaux's owner Ronnie Arculli, trainer Ed Dunlop and his staff led by Robin Trevor-Jones and Stephen Nicholson, along with his jockey Gerald Mosse, who all loved this horse dearly and will be shattered by his passing.”
“I would also like to pay tribute to Dr Chris Whitton and the team at the University of Melbourne Equine Centre who have done everything in their power to save the horse and have given him the very best of care since he sustained his injury.”
At the wishes of Mr Arculli, Red Cadeaux's final resting place will be at Flemington Racecourse.
Nutritional experts say decreasing our meat consumption leads to personal health and environmental benefits.
Nutritional experts say decreasing our meat consumption leads to personal health and environmental benefits. Brett Wortman
TODAY Australians the length and breadth of the country will be urged to hang up the BBQ tongs, put down their steaks and have a Meat Free Monday.
That's the aim of the new Australian Meat Free Mondays campaign being fronted by nutritionist Dr Rosemary Stanton, TV chef Janella Purcell and environmentalist Jon Dee.
People who have already taken the Meat Free Mondays Australia pledge include Sir Richard Branson, Maggie Beer, sports legend Pat Cash and top TV chef Simon Bryant.
The campaign has been launched by the Do Something! charity and the Fry's Family Foundation to educate Australians about the health and environmental benefits of eating less meat.
While meat has long dominated the Australian dinner plate, nutritional experts say that changing the balance to eating more plant-based foods and less meat provides a much better balance.
According to a recent study by the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, less than 1 in 10 Australians aged 12 and over usually eat sufficient serves of vegetables.
Furthermore, a key study published in the Lancet has recommended that we should limit our meat consumption to 90g per day.
The National Nutrition Survey indicates that many Australians are consuming almost double that amount. On average, men eat 200g a day and women 116g.
This needs to change.
The Australian Meat Free Mondays push isn't about asking Australians to become vegetarian or vegan.
It's about raising awareness of the numerous personal health and environmental benefits of reducing Australia's meat consumption.
Nutritionist Dr Rosemary Stanton believes that we can greatly improve our overall well-being by reducing the amount of meat that we eat.
"There are strong health benefits to participating in Meat Free Mondays.
Eating more plant foods is good for us and health authorities around the world recommend against eating high levels of meat."
"Dietary guidelines also recommend much smaller portions of meat than you'd find at a typical Aussie BBQ," she said.
"By going meat free on Mondays, people can help to reduce their risk of chronic preventable conditions such as colorectal cancer and cardiovascular disease."
Research shows Aussies need to eat more plant-based foods and less meat.
Do Something! founder and 2010 NSW 'Australian of the Year', Jon Dee, believes the environmental benefits of reduced meat consumption are clear.
"The water needs of livestock are far higher than those of vegetables or grains. People are not aware that producing 1kg of beef can take thousands of litres of water."
"By reducing our meat consumption we can reduce our environmental impact," Dee said.
"According to the Department of Climate Change and Energy Efficiency, our livestock industries are responsible for around 10 per cent of Australia's total greenhouse emissions."
Sir Richard Branson is one of the well-known people who have joined the Meat Free Mondays Australia campaign.
"I love eating meat, but I love our planet even more, so I will join this campaign and stop eating meat at least one day a week," he said.
Meat Free Mondays, or Meatless Monday as the campaign is sometimes referred to, currently runs in over 20 countries across the globe including America, England, South Africa, Canada, Japan, Brazil, France and Spain.
The concept overseas has received support from a number of high profile individuals such as Oprah Winfrey and Coldplay's Chris Martin.
Meat Free Mondays Australia has been launched by the not-for-profit Do Something! charity and the newly launched Fry's Family Foundation (the Fry's Family runs the Meat Free Mondays campaign in South Africa).
The University of Technology Sydney's Institute for Sustainable Futures is providing research support for the campaign.
So how can Australians get involved?
People can pledge their support by joining the Meat Free Mondays Facebook community at facebook.com/MeatFreeMondaysAustralia, or they can visit MeatFreeMondays.com.au.
Both are packed full of great meat free recipes and a host of information, tips and inspirational content.
>> To read more lifestyle stories
Bryan Bedder/Getty Images
Ryan Satin of Pro Wrestling Sheet reported Saturday that WWE Superstar Jeff Hardy is dealing with a "bad" shoulder injury that may require surgery.
Satin added that while no decisions have been made, surgery is among the options that are being considered.
Although nothing definitive is known about how or when Hardy suffered the injury, Satin noted that he appeared to be clutching his shoulder during a Six-Pack Challenge on Monday's episode of Raw.
The 40-year-old Hardy returned to WWE along with his brother, Matt Hardy, at WrestleMania in April after being gone from the company for nearly eight years.
He and Matt are eight-time WWE tag team champions, and Jeff has experienced plenty of singles success as well.
The Charismatic Enigma has won the WWE Championship, the World Heavyweight Championship, the Intercontinental Championship, the European Championship, the Hardcore Championship and the Light Heavyweight Championship during his time in WWE.
If Jeff is forced to miss some time, it will create an interesting situation involving Matt and could potentially open the door for him to lean further toward the "broken" character he enjoyed so much success with in TNA prior to rejoining WWE.
Listen to Ring Rust Radio for all of the hot wrestling topics. Catch the latest episode in the player below (warning: some language NSFW).
Commenting on a program created by the Affordable Care Act, Fox News' Clayton Morris falsely suggested that only states and unions received funds from the program, and Mike Huckabee called it a "political payoff" to unions. In fact, businesses are also benefitting from the program, which temporarily helps employers provide health benefits for retirees who do not yet qualify for Medicare.
Fox Falsely Suggests Early Retiree Reinsurance Program Doesn't Benefit For-Profit Employers
Clayton Morris: "The Federal Government Has Been Reimbursing States And Unions." During the April 2 edition of Fox News' Fox & Friends Saturday, on-screen text mentioned that the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program (ERRP) provides funds to "states, unions & companies" but co-host Clayton Morris said only that the program "has been reimbursing states and unions to the tune of $1.8 billion":
MORRIS: It seems every month we learn more and more what's in this health care law and this morning we're learning that the federal government has been reimbursing states and unions to the tune of $1.8 billion that we've already paid out. Is this anything other than a bailout? [Fox News, Fox & Friends Saturday, 4/2/11]
Mike Huckabee Said The Program Provides "Just Under $2 Billion Of Taxpayer Money To Prop Up Unions So They'll Be Politically Strong." From the April 2 edition of Fox News' Fox & Friends Saturday:
HUCKABEE: This is not a bailout. This is a payoff. Let's get blunt, this is political favoritism. Why the unions? Why not small business owners? Why not some guy running a dry cleaners store in a small community somewhere in Kansas? Because the unions are the backbone of the Democratic party's political muscle. And so what they're looking for is help us, prop us up. And just under $2 billion of taxpayer money to prop up unions so they'll be politically strong is as blatant and overt a political payoff as I've seen in long time. DAVE BRIGGS (co-host): It's the Early Retirement Reinsurance Program. The United Auto Workers got a ton of money, by far the biggest recipient. [Fox News, Fox & Friends Saturday, 4/2/11]
In Fact, Private Companies Received Assistance From The Program
ERRP Designed To Encourage Health Plan Sponsors To Continue Offering Health Benefits For Early Retirees. From a March 31 report on ERRP, which was created by the Affordable Care Act:
People in the early retiree age group (i.e., ages 55 to 64) often face difficulties obtaining insurance in the individual market because of age or chronic conditions that make coverage unaffordable or inaccessible. The availability of group health insurance coverage for America's retirees age 55 to 64 has declined significantly over the past 20 years, as the percentage of large firms providing workers with retirement health coverage has dropped from 66 percent to 28 percent. The ERRP was designed to stabilize this market by providing financial assistance to health plan sponsors that make coverage available to millions of early retirees and their families -- including for-profit companies, schools and educational institutions, unions, State and local governments, religious organizations and other non-profit plan sponsors. The ERRP assists both early retirees, and any active workers covered under the same plan, by reimbursing participating plan sponsors that offer such benefits for a portion of the costs of providing health coverage to retirees age 55 to 64 and their families. ERRP subsidizes 80 percent of the actual cost of certain health expenses paid by the plan or by an early retiree or his/her enrolled spouse, surviving spouse, or dependent between a cost threshold ($15,000) and cost limit ($90,000). Costs reimbursed by ERRP include medical, surgical, hospital, behavioral health, prescription drug, and other benefits similar to those covered by Medicare. [Cciio.cms.gov, 3/31/11, emphasis added]
Commercial Organizations Made Up Larger Percentage Of Approved Participants Than Unions. A March 2 report states that "[a]s of December 31, 2010, over 5,000 plan sponsors were approved for participation in ERRP" and that "state and local governments represent the majority of approved ERRP sponsors, followed by commercial organizations." [Healthcare.gov, 3/2/11]
The report includes the following chart:
"All Qualified Applications" For ERRP "Will Be Approved" And "Will Be Processed In The Order In Which They Are Received." From the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program website:
Are Applications being accepted on a first-come, first-serve basis? ANSWER: For the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program, it's important to make the distinction between the application process and the claims process, which operate separately. All qualified applications will be approved. Applications will be processed in the order in which they are received. Reimbursements are made based on when claims are submitted, not when the employers' applications for the program were submitted. All employers who are accepted into the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program are eligible to receive reimbursement for costs incurred on or after June 1st, regardless of the date on which the employer was accepted into the program. Once an employer is accepted into the program, they can submit claims for their retirees and these claims will be processed in the order in which they are received. [Errp.gov, 8/9/10]
Business Roundtable Praised ERRP. In May 2010, Business Roundtable, "an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies," issued the following statement:
"From the beginning, Business Roundtable has championed efforts to ensure employers can continue to offer quality, affordable health plans to their employees. Today, the Obama Administration has recognized the commitment of the companies that offer retiree health coverage. The Early Retiree Reinsurance Program makes health benefits more affordable for employers and early retirees and their families. "While health care costs are the number one cost pressure facing our members, we are committed to providing coverage to our more than 35 million employees, retirees and their families. The Early Retiree Reinsurance Program reduces costs and allows many of our member companies to continue providing this critical coverage," said John J. Castellani, President of Business Roundtable. [Business Roundtable, 5/3/10]
Major U.S. Companies Recieved Funds From ERRP. Bloomberg reported on April 1:
ERRP Recipients Must Provide Insurance To Early Retirees, And Very Few Small Businesses Do
Huckabee: "Why The Unions? Why Not Small Business Owners?" During the Fox & Friends Saturday segment, Huckabee stated of ERRP: "Let's get blunt, this is political favoritism. Why the unions? Why not small business owners? Why not some guy running a dry cleaners store in a small community somewhere in Kansas?" [Fox News, Fox & Friends Saturday, 4/2/11]
Only Employers Who Have Group Health Plans With Early Retiree Benefits Qualified For Assistance. From to a Healthcare.gov report on the Early Retiree Reinsurance Program:
Eligibility Requirements Employers and unions that maintain, either directly or through an insurer, an employment-based group health plan that provides health benefits to early retirees or the spouses, surviving spouses, and dependents of early retirees may participate in the ERRP. Sponsoring employers and unions that are accepted into the program can receive reinsurance reimbursement for a portion of the medical claims for health benefits, as specified by the Secretary, for early retirees age 55 and older who are not eligible for Medicare, and their spouses, surviving spouses, and dependents. [Healthcare.gov, 3/2/11, emphasis added]
Very Few Small Businesses Offer Retiree Health Benefits. The Kaiser Family Foundation's 2010 survey of employer health benefits shows that only 3 percent of small firms with health plans provide retiree benefits:
Retiree health benefits are an important consideration for older workers making decisions about their retirement. Health benefits for retirees also provide an important supplement to Medicare for retirees age 65 or older. Among firms offering health benefits to their workers, large firms (200 or more workers) are much more likely than small firms (3-199 workers) to offer retiree health benefits. After falling dramatically in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the percentage of large firms (200 or more workers) offering retiree health benefits has remained relatively constant. Twenty-eight percent of large firms (200 or more workers) that offer health benefits to their employees offer retiree coverage in 2010, similar to 30% in 2009, but down from 34% in 2005 and 66% in 1988 (Exhibit 11.1).1 Offering retiree health benefits varies considerably by firm characteristics. Large firms are much more likely to offer retiree health benefits than small firms--28% vs. 3% .
. Among large firms that offer health benefits, state and local governments are more likely (87%) than large firms in other industries to offer retiree health benefits. [Kaiser Family Foundation, 9/2/10, emphasis added]
Health Affairs: "The Proportion Of Employers Offering Retiree Plans Has Been Dropping For More Than 20 Years." From a November 2010 policy brief on early retiree insurance:
Sarah Robles in May, when she was surviving on $400 a week.
Photo by Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
I was excited to hear yesterday that Solve Media, an online advertising firm, had stepped up to sponsor American Olympic weightlifter Sarah Robles. Robles, the highest ranked American weightlifter of either gender, became the subject of national attention when the news broke that she was unsponsored and living/training on $400 a week from the U.S. Weightlifting Federation. While swimmer Michael Phelps gets paid to talk about how Subway provides some of the 12,000 calories he consumes every day, Robles must rely on food banks and donations to reach the 3,000 to 4,000 she needs.
So the sponsorship deal is great. But there's still something sort of depressing about the fact that an athletic equipment company, the kind of business that ought to value strength more than any other potential advertiser, didn't step up for Robles. Adidas, which makes weightlifting shoes, doesn't have a weightlifter in its stable of endorsees, though it did back former Olympian gymnast Shawn Johnson. Nike, which sells both weightlifting shoes and belts, has “Nike Weightlifting Athletes,” including two women, Natalie Burgener and Erin Wallace. Wallace weighs 165 pounds, lifting 100kg in the snatch and 119kg in the clean and jerk. Burgener weighs in at 138 pounds, and lifts 105kg in the snatch and 120kg in the clean and jerk. Both of them are strong in the way movie superheroines are strong—part of what's supposed to be impressive about them is the cognitive dissonance involved, that their conventionally feminine bodies can accomplish the things they do. Robles, by contrast, weighs 275 pounds, and lifts 120kg in the snatch and 150kg in the clean and jerk. Is that why she's not on Nike's roster?
There's no question that what Robles can do is amazing. But because she isn't a pinup, and really can't be if she wants to lift as much as she does, her achievements don't come with the same sense of all that and in high heels—the weird idea that powerful women of any stripe are doubly accomplished when they manage to, say, run companies without mysteriously losing their ability to bake killer cupcakes, like the new Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer.
Nike, in its Voices advertising campaign, features elite female athletes like marathoner Joan Benoit Samuelson talking about pursuing sports despite the people who discouraged them. Nike apparently feels it is still necessary to have former professional basketball player Lisa Leslie remind the audience, “I'm a fashion model who can dunk.” The hashtag for the campaign? #MakeTheRules. Turns out it's fine to change the rules about who can get in the game, but much riskier to challenge the ones about how you're supposed to look and behave when you get off the bench.
NT Government under pressure to explain $506m price tag on Darwin Port lease
Posted
The Northern Territory Government is under pressure to give a detailed breakdown of the $506 million price tag attached to the long-term lease of Darwin Port to a Chinese company, after questions were raised about a possible multi-million dollar shortfall.
Key Points: NT Government says it has received $506 million for 99-year lease of Darwin Port
Port Lease agreement shows lease premium was $391 million, plus stamp duty of $23 million
Government under pressure to explain sale price tag
The Government announced in October that Landbridge Group, owned by Chinese billionaire Ye Cheng, had been awarded a 99-year lease.
At the time the Government said the deal was worth $506 million and has since told the ABC it has received that money.
But the Port Lease agreement tabled to the Senate showed the lease premium was about $391 million, $115 million less than the figure initially stated, plus stamp duty to the value of $23 million.
"Adam Giles needs to explain this to Territorians," Labor's Natasha Fyles said.
"He sold the port off without a mandate, he needs to explain to Territorians exactly how much he sold the port for.
"He's claimed one figure, he needs to show the documents."
A statement from the NT Government said it had received the full amount originally quoted.
"The revenue received by the Northern Territory for the Port lease was $506 million," the statement said.
"Included in that figure was an amount agreed between the Northern Territory Revenue Office and Landbridge to be the lease amount, along with other non-lease costs, such as stamp duty.
"We received $506 million for the long-term lease arrangement, and regardless of how it is split, it is all income for the Northern Territory."
Despite its opposition to the deal, Labor has said it would honour the agreement if it forms government.
"If there's a commercial agreement in place we would seek the advice of the public service about what best to do," Ms Fyles said.
"But as we understand the port has been leased for 99 years, there's a commercial agreement in place, and Territory Labor would need to honour that if elected to government."
Chief Minister Adam Giles was unavailable for interview.
Topics: government-and-politics, darwin-0800
The state of Washington's Department of Ecology has rejected a necessary water-quality permit sought by Millennium Bulk Logistics for its proposed coal-export terminal at Longview, Washington. Barring a successful appeal of the decision, this means the end of the line not only for Millennium's dream of building the largest coal-export facility in North America, but also for the coal industry's larger scheme to ship vast amounts of U.S. coal to Asian markets.
“This is the end,” says Bruce Nilles, senior campaign director of the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign. “Almost exactly seven years ago, Peabody Coal proposed its first project to move huge amounts of coal around the globe. This is a testament to the tens of thousands of people who raised their voices and said, ‘Hell no.'”
Shipping coal abroad was supposed to be a lifeline for the U.S. coal industry, given plummeting domestic demand as renewables became cost-competitive with fossil fuels. With vast coal reserves readily available in the Powder River Basin in Montana and Wyoming, coal companies pinned their hopes on exporting it to Asia via seven proposed terminals on the West Coast.
With Longview blocked, coal opponents are now seven for seven in stopping those terminals. (The others were to be at Cherry Point and Grays Harbor in Washington; Port Westward, Coos Bay, and Port of Morrow in Oregon; and Oakland, California.) “The Pacific Northwest will not be a hub for the global trade in dirty fossil fuels. It is not who we are,” said Jan Hasselman of Earthjustice, who represented coal opponents to the Longview terminal. “The conversation about coal export from the Pacific Northwest is over.”
Nilles was even more succinct: “Stick a fork in it,” he said.
Deal with retirement program separately from 'fiscal cliff' talks.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill. (Photo11: Charles Auer, AP) Story Highlights Social Security will make every scheduled payment through 2033.
It is not facing an urgent deadline.
It just needs a long-term strategy.
When I arrived in Washington as a freshman congressman in January 1983, I was stunned to learn that in six months, Social Security would be bankrupt.
OUR VIEW: Social Security adds to deficits
With potential calamity near, Democrats and Republicans worked together to make the changes necessary to add decades of solvency to the program. There were elements of the package we adopted in 1983 that I did not like, but it ensured that Social Security would be there for future generations.
The situation we face today is not the same. Unchanged, Social Security will make every scheduled payment through 2033. There are not many programs in Washington or in any state that can say they will make every scheduled payment for more than 20 years.
Put simply: Social Security is not in crisis. Unlike tax cuts for the middle class or unemployment benefits for those looking for work, Social Security is not facing an urgent deadline as part of the "fiscal cliff." What's more, Social Security does not add a penny to our deficit. It has a substantial trust fund and continues to bring in new funds annually through payroll taxes. For that reason, we should be focusing these negotiations on those policies that have created the fiscal cliff.
As I learned in 1983, putting off a challenge until the last minute makes the task much harder to achieve. However, if we make modest changes in the near future to ensure 75 years of solvency in Social Security, we can phase in adjustments in a responsible way that protects current beneficiaries and ensures the program will remain a key part of the safety net for future generations.
The best way to approach this is to create a commission, similar to the Simpson-Bowles deficit panel, charged with preparing a long-term strategy on Social Security. Then bring it to the Congress next year for a debate and a vote.
This separate approach does not diminish the importance of Social Security. Instead, it puts it on a course for long-term reforms separate from deficit reduction negotiations.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., is the Senate assistant majority leader.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/TpupCz
President Barack Obama won his reelection campaign, and it wasn't really close. Going into the night a lot of conservatives thought that Republican candidate Mitt Romney needed to win Ohio, Florida, Virginia and North Carolina to take the presidency. Obama won big in the urban voting districts of south Florida, giving him a small victory in the Sunshine State, along with a win in Ohio and an ever more Democratic Virginia. The only swing state Romney was able to win was North Carolina, and the fact that North Carolina is even considered a swing state is a testament to the Democrat's electoral juggernaut.
Last night's results are a thorough rebuke of what the Republicans are offering, and they have a good bit of reorganizing to do before the midterm elections of 2014.
MIAMI -- Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte' Stallworth was charged Wednesday with killing a pedestrian last month while driving drunk after a night out at a swank South Beach nightspot.
An arrest warrant charging Stallworth, 28, with DUI manslaughter was filed in the March 14 accident that killed 59-year-old Mario Reyes. If convicted, Stallworth would face up to 15 years in prison.
Stallworth's blood-alcohol level after the crash was .126, well above Florida's legal limit of .08, according to results of a blood test. Stallworth will also be charged with DUI, which carries a possible six-month sentence plus fines and community service for first offenders.
"Whenever a deadly accident occurs and a driver is impaired, families suffer," said Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle in a statement. "I can only repeat this message over and over: If you are going to drink, don't drive."
Stallworth, who is expected to surrender in court Thursday, released a statement last month saying he was "grief-stricken" over the accident. Prosecutors said they will ask that he be released on $200,000 bail.
The Browns said in a statement that they are "disappointed" that Stallworth has put himself in this position.
"We are saddened by the circumstances that have taken place and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Mario Reyes," the statement said. "We have been in communication with the commissioner, who is reviewing the situation under league policies, and we will withhold further comment at this time."
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said the league will review the case under its conduct and substance abuse policies.
"As the state attorney has said, this was a tragic accident that raises serious issues and we join all those who have expressed their sympathies to the Reyes family," Aiello said.
Stallworth will be prohibited from driving while on bail and not allowed to drink alcohol, according to court documents. He also must observe a midnight to 6 a.m. curfew and submit to random alcohol and drug testing through the NFL's substance abuse program.
A Miami Beach police report said Reyes was not in a crosswalk on busy MacArthur Causeway when he was struck by the black 2005 Bentley luxury car driven by Stallworth. The construction crane operator was trying to catch a bus home after finishing his shift around 7:15 a.m.
The report also quoted Stallworth as saying he flashed his lights at Reyes in an attempted warning and that Stallworth was driving about 50 mph in a 40 mph zone.
An additional police affidavit filed Wednesday said that on the morning of the crash, Stallworth was drinking at a club in the posh Fountainebleau hotel on South Beach. He left to go to a nearby home -- it's not clear if it was one of his three Miami-area properties -- and then headed out to the causeway where Reyes was struck.
"I hit the man lying in the road," Stallworth told officers arriving to investigate the crash, according to the affidavit. One officer smelled alcohol on Stallworth's breath and said that his eyes appeared bloodshot and watery.
Stallworth's attorney Christopher Lyons did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment.
Stallworth signed a seven-year, $35 million contract with the Browns before last season but was injured much of the year. He previously played for New England, Philadelphia and New Orleans.
news, latest-news,
One of Wollongong's most treasured buildings, The Regent Theatre, is up for sale. Gateway City Church bought the 1200-seat theatre for $3.5 million in 2005, then spent $1 million on improvements, also turning the space into an occasional live music venue. The building was placed on the market in October 2009, in a surprise sale bid that came to nothing. In 2016, the owners of the building painted the beloved landmark olive green, after heritage investigations confirmed this was the facade's original colour. Gateway City Church pastor Scott Hanzy said when the Keira Street building had been on the market previously, “basically we were a bit double-minded”. “We had outgrown the building in some respects, and we just felt we needed to look at the next step,” he said. “But we loved the position, and it's a great building. So we kept it on for a little while, and then we ended up saying, ‘we want to stay here'. “This time we've definitely outgrown it. Our kids' program, our youth (program), it just doesn't suit for where we are right now.” Colliers International is offering The Regent Theatre for sale via Expressions of Interest, closing on October 12 at 4pm. Colliers' general manager Wollongong Marcelo Ramirez said while the main building and facade were listed under state heritage significance, the airspace above the offices located on level one can be redeveloped, subject to council approval. “There's actually scope if the new prospective purchaser wanted to redevelop the site; the offices above you can actually redevelop,” he said. “If you go on the roof you can actually see that they've brought the columns all the way up and through the roof for future expansion. “I think you'd probably put there between three or four levels of additional offices, accommodation or whatever you wanted to do.” Pastor Hanzy said they were looking to potentially, “have two congregations, one central and one south… There are options that we're looking at that don't really fit this building”. Illawarra theatre owner Herbert Wyndham Jones planned the Regent's construction during the 1930s and 1940s, but did not live to see it realised. When it opened in 1957, with lavish art deco styling, it quickly asserted itself as the grandest picture theatre in the region. Mr Jones' wife and son ran the picture business before his daughter, Rowena Milgrove, took it on. Mrs Milgrove died in January 2004, 20 days before she was going to close the cinema permanently, amid mounting financial pressure. READ MORE: Refurbishment underway at Wollongong's historic Regent Theatre building Regent Theatre, Wollongong, to reopen: photos
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/nxytTGiVvgkfKtUJaBBBHD/ef5e0996-e4fa-4b64-9ef8-79600d0f338a.jpg/r8_184_3535_2177_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
As one of the most successful women to ever play the male-dominated game of chess, Nazi Paikidze is used to having her moves watched closely.
Her latest has drawn international attention: Paikidze announced last week that she will boycott February's Women's World Chess Championship in Iran because the players will have to wear hijabs.
Paikidze's decision will deprive the tournament of one of the game's brightest stars and biggest draws — the U.S. champion who once told a magazine she would “do everything I can to help more girls get into chess.”
Islamic coverings for women in public — required in Iran and some other nations such as Saudi Arabia — have increasingly become a target for both protests and struggles over Muslim identity. Some activists in Iran have launched online campaigns against the hijab rules, while other women continually test the boundaries by pushing back headscarves to near gravity-defying levels.
Yet some women in other Muslim countries, such as Turkey, have battled against restrictions banning headscarves in some public settings, while some conservative Muslim women in the West have pushed for permission to wear headscarves in athletic competitions and other venues.
[There is no hijab emoji. This 15-year-old student is trying to change that.]
“Some consider a hijab part of culture,” Paikidze said in an Instagram post announcing her decision. “But, I know that a lot of Iranian women are bravely protesting this forced law daily and risking a lot by doing so. That's why I will NOT wear a hijab and support women's oppression.”
Paikidze also launched a campaign on Change.org demanding that the World Chess Federation reconsider Iran as a host for the women's championship.
“These issues reach far beyond the chess world,” the petition says. “While there has been social progress in Iran, women's rights remain severely restricted. This is more than one event; it is a fight for women's rights.”
The petition has been signed by more than 3,000 people.
But some disagree with Paikidze's stance. Mitra Hejazipour, a woman grandmaster (WGM) and the 2015 Asian continental women's champion, said a boycott would be a setback for female sport in Iran.
“This is going to be the biggest sporting event women in Iran have ever seen; we haven't been able to host any world championship in other sporting fields for women in the past,” Hejazipour, 23, told the Guardian. “It's not right to call for a boycott. These games are important for women in Iran; it's an opportunity for us to show our strength.”
[The age-old war between Muslim clerics and chess players]
According to CNN, Iran was the only country that submitted a proposal to host the event. A WCF spokeswoman told CNN there were no objections from any of the 150 national federations, including the U.S. Chess Federation.
In a statement on its website, the WCF said: "It is not a [federation] regulation or requirement to wear a hijab during the event.” The statement says the organization does require participants to “respect local traditions, customs, laws and religions at all times and be aware of your actions to ensure that they do not offend.”
The statement said the Iranian Chess Federation had successfully organized another event in February, with no complaints.
Paikidze was born in Russia and raised in Tbilisi, Georgia, where chess was part of her elementary school curriculum, according to her biography. She began winning national tournaments and competing for international youth championships. When she turned 18, she moved to the United States to attend the University of Maryland Baltimore County, whose powerhouse chess team recruited her via scholarship.
She tied for second place at the U.S. chess championship in 2015 and became champion a year later. Her website lists more than a dozen awards. She's an international master and a woman grandmaster, is one of the top 100 active female players in the world and ranks fourth in the United States, according to the WCF.
As the NCAA Tournament comes to a close, so does another competition — the Chess Final Four. Four university chess teams will travel to D.C. to compete in the ultimate chess championship. (iNet - UMBC's Digital Signage Studio/iNet - UMBC's Digital Signage Studio)
The game that made Paikidze famous has deep roots in Iran, by some accounts dating back to the 6th century Persian empire, according to The Washington Post's Ishaan Tharoor. The game became deeply embedded in Persian culture and literary production. “Checkmate,” the move that finishes the game, comes from the Persian shāh-māt, which means “the king is frozen” or “the king is helpless,” according to the Metropolitan Museum.
The chess controversy reflects the wide spectrum of reactions countries have to Muslim veils. While Saudi Arabia and Iran have made it mandatory for women to cover themselves, other countries such as France and Belgium have outright bans on full-face veils — measures that have also been criticized.
When France introduced the ban on the full-face veil, a garment different from a hijab as it covers the majority of a woman's face, the U.S. State Department criticized the law calling it “an infringement on freedom of choice.”
Even though women such as Paikidze are boycotting the law, some women do find comfort in the hijab. In an opinion piece for the Guardian, Nadiya Takolia, a researcher, wrote that the hijab has empowered her and guarded her from feeling like “a pawn in society's beauty game.”
But in a society where a woman's value seems focused on her sexual charms, some wear [the hijab] explicitly as a feminist statement asserting an alternative mode of female empowerment. Politics, not religion, is the motivator here. I am one of these women.
[This Iranian activist fights for women's rights not to wear hijab. But Donald Trump has complicated her effort.]
In her criticism of Iran, Paikidze cited the “forced law” that made it mandatory for women to wear a hijab and mentioned “My Stealthy Freedom” project, which encourages Iranian women to post photos of themselves without their hijabs.
Within the first two days of its creation, 30,000 women posted photos of themselves. The page has been liked by more than a million people. It also shows pictures of Iranian women riding bikes, another illegal activity.
Iran: la potenza dei social per i diritti delle donne. Scopri la campagna #MyStealthyFreedomhttps://t.co/MHW7c14soR pic.twitter.com/Fod5SHywHY — silvia pochettino (@pochetsi) August 2, 2016
As The Post's Julia Carpenter wrote:
Displaying an uncovered head on Facebook is not as defiant as walking freely on a sidewalk in Tehran. But it's an important step, and one that more and more women are taking. In one photo dated May 15, a woman is running in an open field, a colorful scarf streaming behind her. She's a distant figure; the vastness of the valley and the vivid blue of the sky almost hide her completely. “My dear Masih,” she writes, “I love this photo dearly. I took it a month ago in Shiraz near Sheshpir River. It was a sunny day and my husband said ‘Don't you really feel hot? Be comfortable..!' So I removed my scarf from my head and started running in the plain.. I enjoyed the wind blowing through my hair so much that the sound of my laughter filled the whole plain.”
Masih Alinejad, the founder of the project, said the photos are an act of courage.
“These women are extremely brave because they have posted their photographs on Facebook, which is banned under the law in Iran,” she said. “They are in a way daring the authorities to arrest them. And with the publicity that the site has received, the pictures of these women are all over the world.”
On Wednesday, Alinejad co-authored an opinion piece for The Washington Post about Paikidze's "morally courageous move," writing that the chess champion "should not have to boycott the tournament. ... Instead, Iran should respect her choice, make the headscarf optional and lift its ban on women who choose not to cover their hair."
As word of the boycott spread, Paikidze took to Instagram again to explain herself "to the people of Iran."
To all of you supporting our cause, please SIGN our petition and SHARE it. Thank you! Together we can #DefendWomensRights Link in my bio, on Twitter & Facebook A post shared by Nazi Paikidze-Barnes (@nazipaiki) on Oct 3, 2016 at 6:58pm PDT
Read more:
Mugshots showing Muslim women without hijabs were ‘a form of public shaming,' protester claims
Amelia Earhart didn't die in a plane crash, investigator says. This is his theory.
Georgia officials were set to approve a new mosque — until an armed militia threatened to protest
New fossils reveal world full of crocodiles
Posted
New fossils unearthed in the Sahara desert reveal a once-swampy world divided up among a half-dozen species of unusual and perhaps intelligent crocodiles, researchers have found.
Researchers have given some of the new species snappy names - BoarCroc, RatCroc, DogCroc, DuckCroc and PancakeCroc - but say their findings help build an understanding of how crocodilians were and remain such a successful life form.
They lived during the Cretaceous period 145 million to 65 million years ago, when the continents were closer together and the world was warmer and wetter than it is now.
Some walked upright with their legs under the body like a land mammal instead of sprawled out to the sides, bellies touching the ground.
"We were surprised to find so many species from the same time in the same place," said paleontologist Hans Larsson of McGill University in Montreal.
"Each of the crocs apparently had different diets, different behaviours. It appears they had divided up the ecosystem, each species taking advantage of it in its own way."
Mr Larsson and Paul Sereno from the University of Chicago, funded by National Geographic, studied the jaws, teeth and what few bones they had of the crocodiles.
They also did CT scans to see inside the skulls.
Two of the species, DogCroc and DuckCroc, had brains that looked different from those of modern crocodiles.
"They may have had slightly more sophisticated brain function than living crocs because active hunting on land usually requires more brain power than merely waiting for prey to show up," Mr Larsson said.
RatCroc, a new species formally named Araripesuchus rattoides, was found in Morocco and would have used its buck-toothed lower jaw to grub for food.
PancakeCroc, known as Laganosuchus thaumastos, was six metres long with a big, flat head.
DuckCroc represents new fossils found in Niger from a previously known species called Anatosuchus minor. It would have eaten grubs and frogs with its broad snout.
The more ferocious BoarCroc was also six metres long but ran upright and had a jaw built for ramming, with three pairs of knife-like teeth.
"Their amphibious talents in the past may be the key to understanding how they flourished in, and ultimately survived, the dinosaur era," Mr Sereno said.
- Reuters
Topics: palaeontology, reptiles, fossils, research, morocco, niger
About History – The Last of the Crusaders? Posted by Bassa's Blog on 04/09/2012 · 19 Comments
In his book, “Seven League Boots”, published in 1935, Richard Halliburton described a curious event that occurred in Tbilisi in 1915.
On page 162, in the chapter ‘The Last of the Crusaders' Halliburton wrote:
“In the spring of 1915, some months after Russia's declaration of war against Turkey, a band of twelfth-century Crusaders, covered from head to foot in rusty chain armour and carrying shields and broad-swords came riding on horseback down the main avenue of Tiflis [Tbilisi]. People's eyes almost popped out of their heads. Obviously this was no cinema company going on location. These were Crusaders – or their ghosts.
The incredible troop clanked up to the governor's palace. ‘Where's the war?' They asked. ‘We hear there's a war'.
They had heard in April 1915 that there was a war. It had been declared in September 1914. The news took seven months to reach the last of the Crusaders…”
The warriors were Khevsurs from the historical Khevsureti region (Georgian: ხევსურეთი) of north east Georgia. Legend tells that they are descended from Crusaders who left France 800 years ago and became detached from the main army, marched through Turkey and Armenia and settled in the Greater Caucasus mountains in Georgia.
Though the legend is not supported by some historians it is curious that Khevsur chain armor is in the french style and the letters A.M.D. – Ave Mater Dei, the motto of the Crusaders – is carved on their shields, and Crusader crosses adorn the handles of their broadswords and are embroidered on their garments.
The pure European origin of Khevsurs is not supported by most modern scholars. However, Crusaders are mentioned in several manuscripts of the time as participants of several battles against the Muslims in Georgia (100 “Frankish” Crusaders participated in King David's army in the Battle of Didgori), and some did pass through Georgia after the fall of the Holy Land.
The origin of the Khevsurs remains one of the most curious legends of the Caucasus and it is perhaps more romantic to believe that the warriors who rode in full armor down the main avenue in Tbilisi in 1915 really were the ‘last of the crusaders'.
CLICK on the logo to visit GEORGIA ABOUT on Facebook and see photos and news about Georgia. Click LIKE on the page and become a friend of GEORGIA ABOUT.
Advertisements
Barack Obama, soon to become the 44th President of the U.S.A., is many things: a statesman, a lawyer, an author, and an orator. It is also our opinion at GeekDad that, even without knowing him personally, we have enough evidence to demonstrate that he is a big geek. Even if you didn't want him to win the election, you have to admit that it would be awesome for him to be not only the first African-American President, but also the first geek President. Here, then, is our evidence:
1. Obama has pledged to create a cabinet-level Chief Technology Officer for the country. The U.S. CTO would be responsible for making broadband technology readily available to every U.S. citizen, and for fighting the telcos for net neutrality. While this is admirable for many reasons, it seems to us that nobody would make this a central point of his presidential campaign unless he were, on some level, a geek.
2. He is a big fan of Star Trek. He said himself: "I grew up on Star Trek. I believe in the final frontier." And, when Leonard Nimoy was the guest on NPR's "Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!" in September, he said that he had run into "one of the presidential candidates" and that that candidate had, upon seeing Nimoy, given him the Vulcan salute. He refused to name the candidate, but said he "was not John McCain." (Ed. Note: not to mention, he is the best example of the strength of IDIC we've seen in a long time)
3. He can talk techspeak when the occasion demands it. Almost a year ago, Obama visited Google and had a Q&A session with employees. CEO Eric Schmidt asked him what the most efficient way would be to sort a million 32-bit integers. Obama smoothly responded "I think the bubble sort would be the wrong way to go." Now, yes, he was probably prepped for the question by his staff (since McCain had been asked a similar question at his Google Q&A weeks earlier), but that's OK—plenty of geeks BS their way through technical interview questions, right?
4. Obama has repeatedly spoken about using the Internet to make the White House more open and accessible to the public once he's President. This would include letting people enter comments on bills before he signs them, putting videos of some meetings online, and in general making the executive branch transparent. He's already shown in his campaign that he and his staff know how to use the Internet to extremely good purpose, including extensive use of SMS, Twitter, and even building an iPhone app. This would be another of the duties of the CTO mentioned in #1, but is significant enough we felt it was worthy of being considered a separate piece of evidence.
5. The photograph you see to the right, which can even be found on Obama's official Senate website. I don't think any explanation is necessary as to why this qualifies as evidence.
So, what do you think? Any further evidence? Any evidence against?
It must be pointed out, since this is GeekDad, that if indeed Barack Obama is a geek, he is a geek dad like us, since by now just about everyone knows about his two daughters. The coolness of having a geek dad President-Elect can scarcely be overstated.
Speaking to Sydney radio host Alan Jones, the prime minister took credit for cutting the growth of wind power, confirming a view many had long suspected
Tony Abbott was almost certainly telling the truth when he told Alan Jones he would have preferred to cut the number of new windfarms even more than may occur under the revised renewable energy target – and that this was always his aim.
It's just that his newfound frankness contradicts claims he and his ministers made before and after the election about how committed they were to renewable energy.
Before the election Abbott said this: “Look, we originated a renewable energy target. That was one of the policies of the Howard government and yes we remain committed to a renewable energy target … we have no plans to change the renewable energy target.” (The Coalition did promise the target would be reviewed.)
On Thursday, urged on by the virulently anti-windfarm Jones, he said this: “What we did recently in the Senate was to reduce, Alan, capital R-E-D-U-C-E, the number of these things that we are going to get in the future … I frankly would have likely to have reduced the number a lot more but we got the best deal we could out of the Senate and if we hadn't had a deal, Alan, we would have been stuck with even more of these things …
“What we are managing to do through this admittedly imperfect deal with the Senate is to reduce the growth rate of this particular sector as much as the current Senate would allow us to do.”
Abbott said the RET had been “put in place in the late days of the Howard government” but also that he regretted it. “Knowing what we know now I don't think we would have done things this way, but at the time we thought it was the right way forward.”
He's said it now, confirming what many people watching the government's tortured policy-making on the issue had long been suspecting.
After the election, Abbott took responsibility for the renewable energy target review himself and appointed businessman and self-professed climate sceptic Dick Warburton to head it.
The head of his business advisory council, Maurice Newman, another climate sceptic and campaigner against windfarms, had already been publicly urging him to scrap the RET altogether.
Initially he argued the review was needed because the RET was forcing up power prices, but then modelling, including some commissioned by the review itself, found this was not true.
The policy divided the cabinet, with leaks revealing Abbott favouring the idea of closing the RET to any new investment and the environment minister, Greg Hunt, and the industry minister, Ian Macfarlane, fighting for it to be “pared back” rather than closed – although Abbott never said this publicly. He sent initial drafts back, asking the review to do more work on ways to close the scheme to new entrants.
In the end the review provided two recommendations – allowing the government to either close or pare back the target.
But a huge public backlash, enormous voter support for renewable energy and steadfast opposition from Labor and the Greens and crossbench senators overwhelmed the government's intentions – forcing it into negotiations with Labor, which resulted in a deal to cut the target from 41,000 gigawatt hours of renewable energy by 2020 to 33,000 gigawatt hours.
Hunt hailed this as evidence of the government's deep support for renewable energy and the fact that it was always going to keep its election promise.
Talking about the deal in May, he said: “We've just struck an agreement on renewable energy and I'm a deep, strong, real supporter of it.
“This means additional renewable energy projects around the country whether it's wind or solar or whether it's other forms of renewable energy.”
But now we know the truth. The prime minister wishes there were fewer windfarms (which provide about a third of Australia's renewable energy) and would like to have reduced the RET much further in order to achieve that outcome and kind of wishes we didn't have it.
“What we've achieved today, I think, is certainty for the renewable energy sector,” Hunt said when he announced the RET deal.
That probably depends on who in the government the industry listens to, and on what day.
But despite the prime minister's now-public reservations, the RET deal is set to be legislated. The anti-wind lobby in the coalition is not satisfied.
Before the election, Coalition MPs were backing the claims that windfarms damaged human health – claims promoted in affected communities at grassroots rallies that were sometimes organised and publicised by groups connected with the climate-sceptic Australian Environment Foundation (AEF).
At the time Newman was involved in a group called the Crookwell District Landscape Guardians, lobbying against a windfarm proposed in the vicinity of his southern highlands property. He was also threatening to sue a neighbouring farmer if he allowed wind turbines on his property or if they caused harm to his health or property values.
In a report released in February, the National Health and Medical Research Council concluded that “there is currently no consistent evidence that windfarms cause adverse health effects in humans”, backing scores of other scientific studies.
But now another Senate inquiry is yet again looking at the claims – and whether there is a need for more regulations and guidelines. Liberal National party senator Matthew Canavan told a recent television report he thought wind turbines might turn out to the “the pink batts of the air”.
It seems unlikely any industry can ever achieve certainty unless it can operate for more than five minutes without changes to laws and regulations and unless it can be confident that politicians mean what they say.
The juice bottle that brought down an art thief
Most famous pieces of stolen art are stolen because they're famous. But a 1949 painting by the Spanish Surrealist Salvador Dalí is famous because it was stolen.
Most famous pieces of stolen art are stolen because they're famous. But the picture above — a 1949 painting by the Spanish Surrealist Salvador Dalí — is famous because it was stolen. Really, that's how Wikipedia describes it: “It is perhaps best known for its theft and return.”
Titled “Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio,” the work is — as you probably already guessed — not one of Dalí's most well known pieces. His own Wikipedia entry lists dozens of “selected” works ranging from the immediately-recognizable “Persistence of Memory” to the similarly recognizable (but for very different reasons) Chupa Chups logo. But “Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio” isn't one of the selected works. It's just one of the other 1,500 or so pieces created by the prolific artist over his decades-long career.
Nevertheless, “Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio” is a Dali and, regardless of its independent fame, will attract both viewers and potential buyers. In June of 2012, an upstart art gallery on Manhattan's Upper East Side had the 11" x 14" drawing on display — until a security guard inexplicably failed to do his job, at least. During regular gallery hours, a visitor walked in with a shopping bag, strolled over to the Dali, took it off the wall, put it in his bag, and left.
The gallery's owner, Adam Lindemann, was befuddled, for two reasons. First, as he told the New York Times, “there was a security guard standing right there. So how you don't see a young, sweaty guy with a shopping bag I don't understand.” But more importantly, Lindemann asked the Times, rhetorically, “What do you do with a stolen drawing by Dalí?” After all, there isn't a very large market for the non-selected works of Salvador Dalí, and those who would be interested in paying a meaningful amount for the artwork (which the gallery valued at $150,000) would also know that it was stolen. What you have on your hands is a very expensive, impossible-to-move item.
The thief, apparently, agreed, because a week or so later, he mailed it back. The painting was undamaged but the thief either kept the frame or, to save return shipping costs, removed it and threw it out. To hide his identity, the thief used a fake return address, of course. That helped for a bit, but not for very long. Even though his theft turned into a something more akin to an unauthorized loan, it was still certainly illegal — and the case remained open.
And eventually, a suspect was charged with the crime. Police were able to find his fingerprints on the returned Dalí — perhaps he should have just kept it? — and in February of 2013, found a match. According to the BBC, around the same time he temporarily stole the Dalí, he was caught trying to steal something else — a juice bottle from a supermarket. As a result, his fingerprints, associated with his identity, entered the crime database. Apparently, it's easier to lift expensive art than relatively cheaper groceries.
Bonus Fact : In 1965, Dali drew a three foot by four foot picture of Jesus on the cross and donated it to Rikers Island, the New York City jail. It hung in a inmate dining room until 1981, but around that time it was moved to the jail's lobby, ostensibly to keep it safe. That plan turned out to be a bad one. In 2003, the BBC reported that the picture, valued at about $175,000, “was stolen from its usual position and replaced with a replica — despite a 24-hour guard in the lobby” (and despite the seemingly more important fact that the lobby was on a jail island). The thieves were, eventually, identified, but the artwork was destroyed in the heist.
From the Archives: Stolen Smile: The theft of the Mona Lisa.
Related: If you like Salvador Dalí, you need one of these.
Welcome to this week's edition of Read Sox. We'll look into why Xander Bogaerts isn't hitting, what the return of Andrew Benintendi means and more.
Going Deep
We're in year three of Xander Bogaerts' career in Boston, and so far he's been exceptional. He's been in the spotlight as one of the Sox best prospects for quite some time, arriving on the scene wearing #72 and taking a 3-2 slider from Max Scherzer in Game 6 of the 2013 ALCS that was definitely a ball and not a strike at all, nope, good call ump.
Since then, he's quickly grown into one of the best young hitters in the game, and while the power hasn't developed at the rate people expected it to, he's been a 4-win player in each of the last two seasons. This season, he picked up where he left off, hitting .329/.388/.474 with a 130 wRC+ over 394 at bats in the first half. Then… he stopped. Through the second half of this year (251 at bats as of last night), Bogaerts is only hitting .254/.307/.401 with a 85 wRC+. So what happened?
Our own Matt Collins talked about it over at Over The Monster. The crux of it: Bogaerts hasn't made the right adjustments to how pitchers have changed pitching to him. Through a litany of GIF'd zone plots, he shows how Bogaerts has started swinging — and missing — at pitches away. Over at ESPN, Scott Lauber speaks more about that adjustment — or lack thereof. Bogaerts tells Lauber about the frustration that's come with not being able to go to the opposite field as easily as he could last year, and the adjustment he and Chili Davis are trying to make.
The drop off, according to Collins, Lauber, FanGraphs and most likely you, who have watched him with your eyes, is (as you know) staggering. In the first half, Bogaerts was hitting 27 percent of his balls to the opposite field. That number's dropped eight percentage points so far in the second half and is currently sitting at 19 percent for the season. In comparison, if you're into such things, both his Pull% and Cent% have gone up four percentage points each. Just because we're in the gritty numbers part of this paragraph, I'll go ahead and mention that his K% went from 14.6 in the first half to 20.7 in the second. While he's also never been one for taking a walk, his BB% has dropped two points.
Brian MacPherson at the Providence Journal talked about Bogaerts' slump at length, specifically about how the shortstop is still trying to attack outside pitches with the same swing he used to pull the ones he got on the inner half. Bogaerts is on pace to have 74 more plate appearances this season, according to Baseball Prospectus, which would give him roughly 60 more at-bats than he had last year. The Red Sox, if you didn't hear, had a grueling second half (and even in the first half, his lack of rest was a seemingly continual discussion) so it's conceivable that he's just really tired. Playing in 140-150 baseball games a year is a lot. Unfortunately, with the team in the thick of a pennant race, there's not a lot of time to rest your All-Star shortstop.
Quick Hits
Andrew Benintendi and his perfect head of hair have returned from the DL. Ben Buchanan explains why that's obviously a good thing. Personally, a Benintendi-Bradley-Betts outfield is too fun for me to root for a Benintendi-Chris Young platoon dynamic, but Buchanan makes a good argument for the why that's probably the move. With that said, the Orioles are all of a sudden only one game behind in the standings, and while the Sox would love to bring Benintendi back slowly, how much time in a very-real, very-scary pennant race can you commit to slowly bringing back an outfielder who was hitting .324/.365/.485? If you want to back #FireFarrell, by all means, do it, but I for one am glad that he's making that decision and not me. I will be over here backing #ImGladFarrellsMakingThatDecisionAndNotMe while hoping that overly-wordy, forced-joke of a hashtag doesn't come back to bite me later (lookin' at you, bullpen).
I also recently wrote that “at worst, Yoan Moncada is a pinch runner” so now I feel like I owe you all a personal hand-written apology. The learning curve is a steep one, Emily McCarthy writes. Should the Red Sox make the playoffs, it's hard to imagine seeing Moncada have the type of impact that Jacoby Ellsbury did in '07 or Bogaerts did in '13. Nine straight strikeouts and a base-running blunder was certainly an eyesore, albeit probably an overhyped one. He could still provide some speed during the postseason and somehow here I am once again telling you that at worst, Yoan Moncada is a pinch runner so that'll wrap it up.
Photo by USA Today Sports Images
The photo-inducible cytogenetic toxicity of glyphosate, atrazine, aminomethyl phosphoric acid (AMPA), desethyl-atrazine (DEA), and their various mixtures was assessed by the in vitro micronucleus assay on CHO-K1 cells. Results demonstrated that the cytogenetic potentials of pesticides greatly depended on their physico-chemical environment. The mixture made with the four pesticides exhibited the most potent cytogenetic toxicity, which was 20-fold higher than those of the most active compound AMPA, and 100-fold increased after light-irradiation. Intracellular ROS assessment suggested the involvement of oxidative stress in the genotoxic impact of pesticides and pesticide mixtures. This study established that enhanced cytogenetic activities could be observed in pesticide mixtures containing glyphosate, atrazine, and their degradation products AMPA and DEA. It highlighted the importance of cocktail effects in environmental matrices, and pointed out the limits of usual testing strategies based on individual molecules, to efficiently estimate environmental risks.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Daratumumab is a human IgG1k monoclonal antibody (mAb) that binds with high affinity to the CD38 molecule, which is highly expressed on the surface of multiple myeloma cells.1 Daratumumab triggers a person's own immune system to attack cancer cells, resulting in rapid tumor cell death through multiple immune-mediated mechanisms of action and through immunomodulatory effects, in addition to direct tumor cell death via apoptosis (programmed cell death).1,2,3,4,5 Daratumumab is being developed by Janssen Biotech, Inc. under an exclusive worldwide license to develop, manufacture and commercialize daratumumab from Genmab.
Marketed Indications and Safety
Daratumumab, marketed as DARZALEX®, is the first human CD38 monoclonal antibody to reach the market and the first monoclonal antibody (mAb) to receive U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) approval to treat multiple myeloma.
DARZALEX (daratumumab) injection for intravenous infusion is indicated in the United States:
in combination with bortezomib, melphalan and prednisone for the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are ineligible for autologous stem cell transplant;
in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy;
in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies, including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor (PI);
and as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior lines of therapy, including a PI and an immunomodulatory agent, or who are double-refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent.
DARZALEX is indicated in Europe:
for use in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone;
for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy;
and as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma, whose prior therapy included a PI and an immunomodulatory agent and who have demonstrated disease progression on the last therapy.
In Japan, DARZALEX is approved in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, for treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.
The warnings and precautions for DARZALEX include infusion reactions, interference with serological testing and interference with determination of complete response. The most frequently reported adverse reactions (incidence ≥20%) in clinical trials were: infusion reactions, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, muscle spasms, arthralgia, back pain, pyrexia, chills, dizziness, insomnia, cough, dyspnea, peripheral edema, peripheral sensory neuropathy and upper respiratory tract infection.
Please consult the full U.S. Prescribing information and the full European Summary of Product Characteristics for all the labeled safety information for DARZALEX.
Clinical Development
A comprehensive clinical development program for daratumumab is ongoing, including multiple Phase III studies in smoldering, relapsed and frontline multiple myeloma settings and in amyloidosis. Additional studies are ongoing or planned to assess the potential of daratumumab in other malignant and pre-malignant diseases, such as NKT-cell lymphoma, myelodysplastic syndromes, B and T-ALL. A subcutaneous formulation of daratumumab is being investigated for multiple myeloma and amyloidosis.
Breakthrough Therapy Designations
Daratumumab has received Fast Track Designation and two Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in specific types of multiple myeloma. Breakthrough Therapy Designation is a program intended to expedite the development and review of drugs to treat serious or life-threatening diseases in cases where preliminary clinical evidence shows that the drug may provide substantial improvements over available therapy. Daratumumab has also received Orphan Drug Designation from the US FDA and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of multiple myeloma.
1 De Weers, M et al. Daratumumab, a Novel Therapeutic Human CD38 Monoclonal Antibody, Induces Killing of Multiple Myeloma and Other Hematological Tumors. The Journal of Immunology. 2011; 186: 1840-1848.
2 DARZALEX Prescribing information, May 2018. Available at: https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2018/761036s013lbl.pdf Last accessed May 2018
3 Overdijk, MB, et al. Antibody-mediated phagocytosis contributes to the anti-tumor activity of the therapeutic antibody daratumumab in lymphoma and multiple myeloma. MAbs. 2015; 7: 311-21.
4Krejcik, MD et al. Daratumumab Depletes CD38+ Immune-regulatory Cells, Promotes T-cell Expansion, and Skews T-cell Repertoire in Multiple Myeloma. Blood. 2016; 128: 384-94.
5Jansen, JH et al. Daratumumab, a human CD38 antibody induces apoptosis of myeloma tumor cells via Fc receptor-mediated crosslinking. Blood. 2012; 120(21): abstract 2974.
Back to top
New BART Cars on the Way
As regular riders are aware, BART trains are quite old. Some have been running for more than 40 years, and date back to when the BART system first started operations in 1973. And although additional cars were purchased in the 1980s and 90s, the average age of a BART train is 30 years.
Of course, that's a little bit misleading: any BART train that's been running that long has undergone some pretty extensive overhauls–more than once. Still, the fleet is showing its age, and BART is now running train cars that, on average, are older than any other major system in the US. The problem, of course, is the older a train, the more often it ends up sidelined for repairs.
But shiny new train cars are finally on the way. “The new cars were designed with input from our riders, and we can't wait to show them off and put them on the rails once cleared for service,” said Alicia Trost, a BART spokeswoman, in a release. “BART riders will get the benefit of at least 50 new cars added to service throughout next year, which will go a long way toward tackling our crowding problems.”
The new, modern-looking train cars will have more headroom, better air conditioning and–important to Streetsblog readers–dedicated bike racks. They also will have doors that seal better which, if they work as advertised, should go a long way toward quieting BARTs interior noise levels. There are 775 new train cars on order, but the goal is to fund the purchase of 1,081 in total. The new cars will trickle into the Bay Area from 2016-2021, with the 10 test cars arriving in 2016 and an additional 54 cars arriving in 2017. BART will begin to retire the oldest cars during that time.
BART's first new train car is now starting a cross-country journey from Bombardier's Plattsburgh, New York to BART's test tracks in Hayward, California. The train car's number is 3001 and it was strapped to a flatbed truck to start its slow 3600 mile road trips. Bombardier Transit Corporation is building BART's “Fleet of the Future.” Notice the “wide load” signs in the top image? That will probably seem redundant to any passing motorists, since the train is 70-feet long, 10-foot-six-inches tall and weights 65,500 pounds. Once it arrives in Hayward it will undergo a testing regime before entering passenger service near the end of 2016.
It might strike one as a little inefficient–and maybe even risky–to deliver train cars by truck. But BART trains use wide-gauge tracks, so they can't roll on the national rail network (even if they were the right gauge, there are a host of regulatory and technical complications). They could potentially be placed on flat bed railway cars instead of trucks, but Bombardier decided “The air ride on a truck is better than the vibration the cars would get via rail,” explained Trost.
Of course, once they arrive in the Bay Area they will still be running on BART's aged infrastructure. It's going to take the passage of a new bond to get signals up to modern specification to allow an increase in the number of trains. Just getting new cars won't help with that at peak times, except in terms of reliability. And then there's the question of the second BART tube. But, for now, it's nice to see things are finally moving along with the new car orders.
BART put together this short film of factory workers getting the cars ready to roll.
A group of 16 North Koreans has defected across the country's border with China in North Hamkyung Province, in spite of a recent investigation into corrupt security officials designed to clamp down on the problem. The defection has been coined
the “three-family defection.”
“16 residents escaping at the
same time has cast the authorities into an emergency situation,” a
source in the province reported to Daily NK on August 8th. “It's extraordinary that this kind of incident has occurred despite their efforts to deal with the problem.”
The source explained that the group defection is constituted of three families, none of whom is believed to have relatives in the South. It is therefore a relatively rare form of defection, which has incited yet more shock in the corridors of power.
With orders to “hunt down everyone
involved,” security officers fearing their own implication in the case are allegedly trying to cajole smugglers and traders into shopping others with the incentive of clemency, so desperate are they to track down anyone involved in abetting the action.
Some members of the group regularly declared their wish to leave, Daily NK has learned. Indeed, when investigated by the authorities,
neighbors reported that the group regularly grumbled that “every day is a struggle; it's so hard to escape.”
Nevertheless, the source said that local neighbors were just as
surprised as everyone else when they left. “Just because they complained, we didn't think they
would actually do it,” the source said.
People are stunned, wondering mostly how they even managed it in the current climate.
The group may have been aided by an absence of regular security officers, a significant number of whom have been detained for
questioning over past corruption charges. “It could be one of us some day. If only we
had brokers, there would be a lot of people leaving the country,” the source declared.
At the same time, many people are concerned that the state
will ratchet up their already-strenuous efforts to increase surveillance in light of the mass
defection incident. Rife with paranoia and displays of power, the Kim Jong Eun era has seen tightened border controls and the return of defectors achieved via threats and the cajolement of family members still inside the country; this
most recent incident is likely to exacerbate such issues.
“Although the state usually only
scrutinizes families with members who have defected , they will probably start watching everyone [and] pay even more attention to security details like
tracking outside phone calls,” the source alleged.
In part 2 of our interview, Linus talks about the process of managing kernel developer commits, selecting a revision control system and how he personally uses git.
Click here for Part 1 of our interview with Linus Torvalds.
Your project was one of the early adopters of distributed revision control, starting with BitKeeper in 2002, and now Git. What advice to you have for other projects, either in-house or out in the open, that are considering moving to a distributed system?
The SCM [source control management] choice ends up being a pretty personal thing, and much more important than the technical details of the SCM you end up using is the workflow you use.
Now, the reason a distributed SCM is important is not the distribution itself as much as the flow of information it allows. By avoiding the whole single point of concentration, you end up with the possibility for a much more dynamic development model.
And I say “the possibility”, because you can certainly continue with all the old rules, and the old development model, and use a distributed SCM the same way you use any random central one, but you won't see the huge advantages if you do.
So the big piece of advice for anybody looking at switching SCM's (or if you just want to really think about the SCM you use now, and what implicit assumptions you have in your current workflow) is to think about the SCM as just a tool, but also realize that it's a tool that quite heavily constrains— or liberates—just how you work.
And a lot of the “how you work” things are not necessarily seen as limitations of the SCM itself. They end up being these subtle mental rules for what works and what doesn't work when doing development, and quite often those rules are not consciously tied together with the SCM. They are seen as somehow independent from the SCM tool, and sometimes they will be, but quite often they are actually all about finding a process that works well with the tools you have available.
One such common area of rules are all the rules about “commit access” that a lot of projects tend to get. It's become almost universally believed that a project either has to have a “benevolent dictator” (often, but not always, the original author as in Linux), or the alternative ends up being some kind of inner committer cabal with voting.
And then there spring up all these “governance” issues, and workflows for how voting takes place, how new committers are accepted, how patches get committed, et cetera, et cetera. And a lot of people seem to think that these issues are very fundamental and central, and really important.
And I believe that the kinds of structures we build up depend very directly on the tools we use. With a centralized source control management system (or even some de-centralized ones that started out with “governance” and commit access as a primary issue!) the whole notion of who has the right “token” to commit becomes a huge political issue, and a big deal for the project.
Then on the other hand, you have de-centralized tools like git, and they have very different workflow issues. I'm not saying that problems go away, but they aren't the same problems. Governance is a much looser issue, since everybody can maintain their own trees and merging between them is pretty easy.
But partly that very flexibility has then brought on a whole set of new guidelines for how to manage it—without it getting too messy and too disorganized for anybody to make sense of it. So anybody can well do their own tree, but then to counteract that we've grown rules for how to keep the end results clean.
In other words, it all boils down to getting a good development model. The SCM can stand in the way for it, or it can allow it, but in neither case does the SCM stand alone.
And never forget that you can build up reasonable development models around totally horribly bad SCMs (and people have had years of experience with them, and seem to be sometimes very comfortable with the absolute crap that passes for SCMs).
But moving to a distributed SCM just allows for much better models. And I think that what's important in the kernel is how we've been able to scale our development and have a good model that allows literally thousands of people to co-develop things. And git has been part of it, but so is the much more pedestrian “send patches around with sign-off chains” thing too.
If you're not willing to think about how your current development model really works, you probably shouldn't be thinking about switching SCMs.
There are 132 git commands as of 1.5.6.5. How many do you use?
Oh, the “tons of commands” thing is a total red herring. For a git tutorial I did last year at the Linux Plumbers Conference, I went through a totally ridiculous example of a few people working together, and noting every time we used a new git command.
I think we ended up with something like fourteen commands being used. And even that's more than most end developers even will need. That list of fourteen commands was for the whole “multiple people working together, including the person integrating things” workflow.
The reason so many commands exist is that Git was designed to be scripted, and in fact almost all the original git commands were really just shell-script wrappers around a few really core commands that were written in C.
And that whole scriptability, and the fact that we've encouraged lots of different workflows means that there is a combination of those core scripting commands that really nobody is expected to use directly on the command line (we call them “plumbing”—they're there, they form the base, but they're generally hidden from view) and then there are tons of those helper commands that are built for some specific purpose (“porcelain”: the part you actually see, and that often comes with gilded knobs to make it all fancy and pretty).
We scared away a few people by making all the commands very visible (they all got installed in your $PATH, for example, so “git- ” would give all the newcomers a list of them all), but the point is, that's totally irrelevant in the end. You'd be expected to start with just a couple of commands, and it's actually much more important to understand about the norion of history (and real merges) than to know more than a couple of commands.
I just checked my own command line history with a simple sed-script and some sorting and counting:
history | grep git | sed 's/[ 0-9]*\(git[ ]*[a-z-]*\).*/\1/' | sort | uniq -c | sort -n
and I get
1 git archive 1 git clean 1 git dif 1 git ls-files 1 git shortlog 1 git tag 2 git rebase 3 git checkout 3 gits fetch 3 git status 4 gits add 5 git reset 6 git gc 9 git commit 12 git show 16 gits push-all 21 gits am 34 gitk 42 git pull 51 git grep 82 git diff 94 git logs
There are 22 commands I've used recently, and of those one is a typo (“git dif”) and three are related to me doing a release (“archive”, “shortlog” and “tag”). One isn't even a real git command, it's an alias I've set up for my workflow (“push-all”).
Is that exhaustive? No, I use other commands too. The above is just a random collection from the last 1000 commands in my history buffer. But I'm a git power user, and I don't use that many commands. And they aren't that complicated.
Even councillors regularly feel like they might die when they ride their bikes on Ottawa's marquee bike route.
The bike lanes on Laurier Avenue are supposed to be the safest in the city, part of an east-west bikeway through downtown Ottawa opened proudly in 2011. They go right to city hall. On Thursday morning, a woman was killed on her bike at Laurier and Lyon Street, apparently by a right-turning truck. It was the fifth collision involving a cyclist in a week.
“I obey the rules of the road. I stop at red lights. And then I have the right of way, and several times a week I am nearly right-hooked. And it happens to all of us as cyclists,” Kitchissippi Coun. Jeff Leiper told a rally gathered at noon in Marion Dewar Plaza, thrown together quickly with Coun. Catherine McKenney. About 75 people clapped and rang bike bells in the plaza below councillors' offices.
Both conceded they don't know precisely what happened in the collision. But both said they know, from personal experience and from numerous constituents, that the Laurier bike lanes aren't safe enough. And it's specifically designed for high volumes of all kinds of traffic. The city's statistics and engineering research shows that Laurier has far more cyclists on it now than it did before 2011, and far fewer collisions.
“I don't want my son riding on the streets of my ward because, frankly, they're just not safe. Enough is enough,” an emotional Leiper declared, starting a chant the crowd picked up.
Everybody on the roads and sidewalks makes mistakes, McKenney said in her turn. We should have streets where fewer mistakes are deadly. On Laurier, maybe that means a ban on right turns across the bike lane, or separate signals for bikes and motor traffic.
“There are cities that do it, there are cities that believe that all deaths on our roads are preventable,” McKenney said, to the ringing of bells. A momentary lapse by a driver can mean a fender-bender — or a lethal collision with a cyclist or pedestrian. “Our most vulnerable users, who we spend the least on, we have to protect.”
Ottawa, in the person of Mayor Jim Watson, regularly boasts about spending record amounts on biking, though that's from a very low starting point. Retrofitting the bike lanes onto Laurier has cost less than $2 million; the city routinely spends hundreds of millions of dollars for roads in a year. Both Leiper and McKenney called on people to write to their councillors and the mayor to demand more cycling money in this fall's budget.
Watson didn't attend the rally, or a briefing on fall construction on Thursday afternoon, involving most of the people responsible for road safety. But on Twitter, Watson promised meetings. Meetings are … well, they're how governments do things and they're how governments avoid doing things. But having meetings was a shift from the initial responses from the Watsonbot 3000, which centred on how much the city has already done, not whether it ought to do more.
city investing a record amount to make cycling safer; O'Connor lane in progress; more coming to fedco next week due to fed $ — Jim Watson (@JimWatsonOttawa) September 1, 2016
Thursday's death “is an impetus to have further discussions,” Coun. Keith Egli, who chairs council's transportation committee, said at the construction briefing.
Perhaps you'd like some reason for hope.
That kind of public pressure bullied the city into putting a bike route on its brand-new Booth Street bridge. Previously, OC Transpo preferred to have cyclists mixing with truck and bus traffic and riding illegally on the bridge's sidewalks rather than building bike lanes into a place where transit passengers will transfer from buses to new light-rail trains starting in a couple of years. Even though the city's engineers insisted they could share the space safely.
The city backed down on that, ironically after OC Transpo boss John Manconi was put in charge of the city's whole transportation portfolio this summer, because it was as dumb as a tire and the city's own planners had reported it would be dangerous.
The reconstructed bridge is reopening Sunday with narrow but dedicated bike lanes for faster cyclists and signs saying more timid riders are allowed on its sidewalks as long as they defer to pedestrians — an arrangement that's worked pretty well on the Bronson Avenue bridge over the Rideau Canal since a cyclist died there in 2012. It means spending a little bit of money, accepting some narrower lanes, and having bus drivers cross the bike lane twice at low speeds. Better than a free-for-all.
“Once they decided they were going to do it — there were 14 or 15 staff in the room, Manconi with all his generals — they were pretty committed to getting it done,” said Don Grant, the executive director of the Ottawa Centre EcoDistrict, a small non-profit dedicated to making downtown greener. Three meetings and it was settled.
McKenney, who pushed the issue with Watson, said Manconi's first offer was to get something done by LRT time in 2018. Not good enough, she insisted, and the temporary route is the result.
The bridge will be a much more hectic transfer point when the LRT opens, with a lot more buses and “interactions,” as the planners call them, on the sidewalks. A permanent solution, yet to be worked out, will be underwritten with federal money.
What changed? The mayor realized the bridge was a bungle and ordered it fixed. That's not enough by itself but it's a necessary condition. It's a far sight better than boasting about pitiful bike spending when people die on your streets.
dreevely@postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Houston judge's daughter sues driver she hit while drunk Judge's daughter sues driver she ran into during crash
Elizabeth Shelton, shown with her father, juvenile court Judge Pat Shelton, had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit when the SUV she was driving rear-ended a truck, killing her boyfriend. less Elizabeth Shelton, shown with her father, juvenile court Judge Pat Shelton, had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit when the SUV she was driving rear-ended a truck, killing her ... more Photo: Nick De La Torre, HOUSTON CHRONICLE Photo: Nick De La Torre, HOUSTON CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Houston judge's daughter sues driver she hit while drunk 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Convicted last year of intoxication manslaughter for the death of her boyfriend, the 21-year-old daughter of a state district judge is suing the truck driver she ran into during a drunken driving crash.
Elizabeth Shelton, the daughter of juvenile judge Pat Shelton, is accusing truck driver Lance Bennett of negligence in the Oct. 23, 2007, wreck that killed her boyfriend Matthew McNiece.
Shelton had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit, two tests showed. She was sentenced to eight years' probation and had to serve four months in jail.
Shelton, her family and the family of the boyfriend who was killed are suing for $20,000 for the destruction of the Lexus SUV she was driving and an undetermined amount for mental anguish, pain and suffering.
Bennett was driving the box truck that Shelton rear-ended on the Southwest Freeway near Kirby around 2 a.m.
Bennett's attorney, John Havins, said the lawsuit, filed in October, was the last chance to make a claim before the statute of limitations ran out.
He noted that Shelton named 16 defendants, including insurance companies and banks. "They're just throwing everything against the wall to see if anything sticks," Havins said.
During Shelton's trial, an expert for the defense testified there was evidence that Bennett swerved into Shelton's lane. An expert for the prosecution, however, said there wasn't evidence that Bennett got in her way.
Testimony also showed that the company Bennett was working for let the insurance on the truck lapse.
"The injuries and property damage sustained by (Shelton and her family) were not the result of intentional acts, but were accidental and caused by the negligence of the uninsured/underinsured driver," Shelton's attorney Mark Sandoval wrote in the lawsuit.
brian.rogers@chron.com
Dawn and Steve Thomas want the world to understand the chronic, crippling blushing that led their 20-year-old son Brandon to commit suicide last May.
Steve and Dawn Thomas rarely saw their son Brandon blush, and if they did, it wasn't a worry.
Brandon was blond and fair, like his twin brother, Devin, and an occasional flush of color didn't seem concerning.
“We wouldn't have witnessed it,” said Steve Thomas. “It wasn't even happening here at home. I think this was his place of comfort.”
So they were stunned last fall when Brandon, a friendly, well-liked University of Washington student, confessed to his mother he'd been struggling with crippling, chronic blushing for four years.
John Brecher / msnbc.com Steve and Dawn Thomas are speaking out about their son Brandon's death to raise awareness of the little-known disorder estimated to affect between 5 percent and 7 percent of the population.
And they were devastated on May 29, when Brandon jumped from the 11th floor balcony of his Seattle dormitory, leaving behind a five-page note blaming his suicide on despair caused by the little-known disorder.
“When Brandon finally let us in to his secret life of torment, we were obviously way behind,” his mother said.
Six weeks later, the Thomases are speaking out about Brandon's death to honor his last wish. In the letter, the young man who hid the problem from his friends, his family -- even his twin -- wanted the world to know that there's nothing trivial about turning red.
“One of the reasons he took his life is that if he took this drastic measure, it would raise awareness,” Dawn Thomas said. “He wanted his death to have an impact.”
Courtesy Thomas family Twins Brandon, left, and Devin Thomas were close, but Brandon hid his condition even from his brother.
To that end, Dawn, 45, Steve, 47, and Devin, 20, are seated on a couch in the family's manicured lakeside home in Renton, Wash., just outside Seattle, stoically facing a reporter's notebook and a video camera. Dawn, who works at nearby Microsoft, and Steve, a firefighter, wanted to set the record straight.
“I've had people come up to me, even at his service, and say ‘I know, I blush, too, when I'm in public,'” said Dawn Thomas. “That is not what this is about.”
Instead, they say that Brandon was fighting a daily battle with what experts describe as pathological blushing, facial reddening that goes far beyond the typical flush most people feel at committing a social faux pas or speaking in front of a group.
An estimated 5 percent to 7 percent of the population may suffer from chronic blushing, an uncontrollable reaction triggered by an overactive nervous system and compounded by the fallout of social shame. That's according to Dr. Enrique Jadresic, a Chilean psychiatrist and the world's foremost expert on the disorder, who also suffered from it himself.
“Blushing, which presumably is a minor symptom, can erode not only self-esteem, but also the will and desire to live,” said Jadresic, the author of a 2008 book on the condition, called “When Blushing Hurts: Overcoming Abnormal Facial Blushing.”
There are ways to treat chronic blushing, including hypnosis, therapy, anti-anxiety drugs and, for some, a controversial surgery that snips or clamps the nerve in the torso that controls flushing. But like Brandon, many so-called blushers suffer silently, ashamed to admit to the condition that colors work, romance and other crucial parts of life.
Courtesy Thomas family Brandon Thomas confessed to his mother last fall that he'd been struggling with chronic blushing for more than four years.
'No, mom, you need to just go look it up'
When Brandon called his mother in tears last fall, she knew only that it was serious -- and that he must have been desperately in need of help.
“I was sitting there trying to make sure I chose my words carefully: ‘OK, Brandon, you know we all blush,'” Dawn Thomas recalled. “And he said, ‘Mom, no, you need to just go look it up.'”
Online, she discovered what Brandon had found: blogs, anecdotal reports and a few scientific studies that described people for whom routine blushing had become unbearable.
“The biggest thing for him and the biggest thing for all the people who suffer with chronic blushing is the shame,” she said. “People do think of it as trivial because we all blush. And what's the problem?”
At first, the problem isn't even the blushing itself, Jadresic said in emails to msnbc.com. Around puberty, some people with a heightened sympathetic nervous system, the network that controls involuntary actions like sweating and blushing, seem to start to blush more, but without the social cues such as embarrassment that typically trigger a blush.
Blushing occurs when the tiny blood vessels of face, called capillaries, widen, allowing more blood to flow through them, causing the skin to redden. The widening occurs in response to signals sent from the brain through the nerves. It's an involuntary action often sparked by strong emotions, such as embarrassment or anger, but also can be caused by spicy foods and alcohol. In chronic blushers, though, there may be no obvious trigger.
That was the case with Brandon, who started blushing around age 15. Without warning, he'd flush bright red from his neck to his ears.
“He would be laughing with people and someone would point out, ‘Oh, look how red Brandon's getting,'” said Dawn Thomas, recounting what Brandon had told her. “And he'd be thinking, ‘I am?' Because he didn't realize he was turning red.”
The color was noticeable, said Troy Colyer, 20, who had been friends with Brandon since middle school and attended the University of Washington with him. But Brandon was such a funny, energetic guy, well-liked by everyone, that it didn't draw too much attention.
"He used to blush, but we didn't think much of it," recalled Colyer, who organized a vigil after Brandon's death attended by at least 100 people. "People thought it was cute and funny."
'He was the last person in the world you'd think would do this.'
Some friends may have joked about the blushing, but it was never mean-spirited; no one ridiculed Brandon, Colyer said. He and others were stunned to learn that Brandon was suffering.
"He was the last person in the world you'd think would do this," Colyer said.
What no one knew, Brandon's mother said, was that when anyone pointed out the blushing, Brandon became embarrassed. And then he started dreading the blushing he couldn't control, leading to what experts call “erythrophobia,” or fear of blushing.
“Since it's visible and uncontrollable and frequent, you are always on the alert. You dread blushing or the possibility of it happening,” Jadresic explained.
Doctors, psychiatrists and others have long debated the source of chronic blushing. For years, professionals thought it was a psychological issue.
“The view was that the main problem was in the blusher's mind, in the way the blusher thought about the blush,” Jadresic said.
More recent research has suggested that it actually is based in biology, Jadresic said.
“Clearly, we do not all blush the same, to the same extent and severity,” he noted.
When people blush more frequently and intensely than normal, it can trigger severe psychological and social reactions, Jadresic said. Sixty percent of blushers in one study and 90 percent in another study met the diagnostic criteria for social anxiety disorder, or SAD, he added.
Courtesy Thomas family When Brandon and Devin were young, the family enjoyed hiking, camping and traveling to places such as Hawaii.
'I am tired of blushing.'
Regardless of the cause, chronic blushing can cripple a sufferer's life. In his last letter to his parents, Brandon tried to explain how the disorder dominated him.
“I blush several times a day. It doesn't have to be when I am embarrassed either,” he wrote.
He would blush in class, on the phone, while driving in his car, late at night when he recalled blushing during the day. He would take the stairs instead of the elevator from the 11th floor in order to avoid meeting someone he knew entering the elevator on the way down, which he knew would trigger a blush.
All of this agony was kept secret, Brandon's friends and family say. The business major who hoped to be a firefighter like his dad was outgoing and loved sports, especially basketball and soccer. He and his brother had a longstanding rivalry about the Huskies vs. the Cougars, the mascots of the state's warring college teams. When Devin left for school at Western Washington University in Bellingham, a couple hours north of Seattle, the brothers were in frequent contact. "We texted a lot," said Devin.
With friends, Brandon was something of a peacemaker, his friend Troy Colyer recalled.
"He was the glue that kept everyone together," he said.
Outwardly, there was no sign of the young man whose last letter reported that he cried himself to sleep nearly every night.
“I am tired of blushing,” Brandon wrote. “It is exhausting to wake up every day and have to find little ways to avoid blushing situations.”
Desperate efforts
Once they knew about the problem, Brandon's family tried desperately to get him help. In April, they took him to doctors, found a counselor, got prescriptions for low doses of anti-anxiety drugs and beta-blockers, which have been successfully used to treat blushing. They discussed the possibility of endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy, or ETS, the controversial surgery sometimes used to treat both excessive sweating, or hyperhidrosis, and pathological blushing.
Jadresic, who had the surgery himself, believes that it can be an effective cure. He led a study of more than 300 patients published last year that compared surgery, drug treatments and no treatment. Among those treated with ETS, 90 percent reported being either “quite satisfied” or “very satisfied” with the results.
Still, the surgery is controversial. Some patients have reported serious side effects, including unusual sweating or weakness, sometimes without controlling the blushing.
“Health professionals should ensure that surgery is used only as a last resort,” said Jadresic.
Brandon wanted the surgery, but reluctantly agreed to try drugs and therapy first, his parents said. During an anxious meeting in Seattle, a doctor told Brandon the surgery had only a 50 percent chance of success. In response, the family planned to see a new doctor in New York this summer, one who was more familiar with the operation. If that didn't work, they planned to visit an expert in Ireland who claims to cure chronic blushing.
Before they could take those steps, however, Brandon was gone.
“He was so hopeless by the time [he told us],” his mother said. “He believed in his mind that he was never going to have a successful career, and that he would never have a successful relationship because of this.”
Now they're speaking out about chronic blushing, hoping to create a website that gathers information about the condition all in one place, providing links to Jadresic's book, which may have provided hope to Brandon if he'd seen it earlier. The website is still under construction. People who want to know more -- or to contact Brandon's parents -- can send an email to info@chronicblushinghelp.com.
With more information, maybe Brandon could have held on long enough to get help, his parents said. As it is, they'll never know exactly why Brandon couldn't wait, or what specific event might have spurred his final action.
“That's the hard part,” Steve Thomas said. “There are just so many unanswered questions.”
More on Vitals:
Editor's note: B. Scott is biologically a male and identifies as gender-nonconforming. In the story below, we have used male pronouns but have been told that B. Scott does not object to female pronouns either.
Gender-nonconforming media personality B. Scott, who is openly gay, is suing Black Entertainment Television (BET) for discrimination after the network reportedly forced him to change into men's clothing during a red carpet segment.
B. Scott was hired as a Style Stage Correspondent for the Ford Red Carpet before the 2013 BET Awards in Los Angeles in June. Shortly after the show aired, he revealed on his blog that BET "forced" him to pull back his hair, take off his makeup, change his clothes and not wear a high heel. The entertainment network later apologized in a statement to the press, calling the whole incident mere "miscommunication," but Scott dubbed it a "non-apology."
On Wednesday, Scott announced on his website that he is suing BET and parent company Viacom for discrimination on the basis of gender identity, gender expression and sexual orientation.
TMZ obtained a copy of the lawsuit filed against BET. In it, the plaintiff claims he was dressed in a pre-approved black tunic and pants. After the first segment, however, he was allegedly pulled backstage, told his outfit was unacceptable and asked to change. He was later replaced by singer Adrienne Bailon, even though he changed into men's clothing.
He explained in a statement on his website that he accepts the term "transgender" and he feels his spirit lies somewhere "in between." He feels it is because of that very identity he faced discrimination.
"It is also by that definition that BET and Viacom willingly and wrongfully discriminated against my gender identity during the 2013 BET Awards Pre-Show," he wrote. "Let's be clear — I'm suing BET and Viacom for a true public apology and to be fairly remunerated for the time lost, humiliation and emotional distress this entire situation has put me through."
Scott said his reputation was damaged and is asking for $2.5 million in damages, according to TMZ.
The wonderful Jane Mayer recounts an Americans for Prosperity rally she covered in Texas two and half years ago, at which now-Texas Senator Ted Cruz “accused the Harvard Law School of harboring a dozen Communists on its faculty when he studied there” in the early 1990s. The revelation of these baseless, McCarthy-esque accusations sheds light on the origins of Cruz's baseless, McCarthy-esque questioning of Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel. (The best part of Mayer's piece is the bewilderment of Charles Fried, a Republican who served in the Reagan administration and later taught Cruz at Harvard, who diplomatically told Mayer that Cruz's statement “lacks nuance.”)
Advertisement:
Mayer adds:
[Cruz] then went on to assert that Obama, who attended Harvard Law School four years ahead of him, “would have made a perfect president of Harvard Law School.” The reason, said Cruz, was that, “There were fewer declared Republicans in the faculty when we were there than Communists! There was one Republican. But there were twelve who would say they were Marxists who believed in the Communists overthrowing the United States government.”
Cruz's communist conspiracy theories pre-date his Tea Party associations; in 2009, he gave an interview to Marvin Olasky, editor of the evangelical WORLD magazine, and former provost of The King's College in New York City. In the WORLD Q&A, Cruz made the same accusation about Obama and Harvard:
Q: Then on to Harvard Law School: What was that like? Understanding Harvard Law School is very important to understanding our president, Barack Obama. He is very much a creature of Harvard Law. To understand what that means you have to understand that there were more self-declared communists on the Harvard faculty than there were Republicans. Every single idea this president has proposed in the nine months he's been in office has been orthodox wisdom in the Harvard faculty lounge. Q: Why are they so far to the left? The communists on the Harvard faculty are generally not malevolent; they generally were raised in privilege, have never worked very hard in their lives, don't understand where jobs and opportunity come from. If you asked the Harvard faculty to vote on whether this nation should become a socialist nation, 80 percent of the faculty would vote yes and 10 percent would think that was too conservative.
About a year later, in 2010, I heard Olasky interview David Noebel, one of the leading lights, as it were, of the Christian anti-communist movement and founder of the “Christian worldview” educational organization, Summit Ministries. Olasky hosted Noebel for an audience at The King's College (the evangelical former home to the disgraced Obama conspiracy theorist Dinesh D'Souza). The pair recounted the Cruz comments about Harvard with noticeable glee, and Olasky was so admiring of Cruz that he predicted he'd be a “future president of the United States.” About Harvard Law School, Noebel added, Cruz “told you the truth about who's involved there.”
Noebel would know about how to make wild accusations about the “red menace” in the halls of power; in his book, You Can Still Trust the Communists To be Communists (Socialists and Progressives too), a 2010 reissue of the 1960 edition by the Christian anti-communist Fred Schwarz, who died in 2009, Noebel extensively quotes the Cruz WORLD interview to explain how Obama “has been swimming in radical, shark-infested Socialist waters for much of his life.” Noebel also insists that “most Americans are totally unaware that the US House of Representatives crawls with a large, well-organized assembly of Socialist organizations,” and that these organizations “quite literally comprise a Socialist Red Army within the very contours of the House of Representatives.” This is all owing to members of Congress not adhering to Noebel's “Christian worldview,” which he claims is locked in a cosmic conflict with other “worldviews,” specifically Islam, secular humanism, Marxism-Leninism, cosmic humanism, and post-modernism.
In the WORLD interview, Cruz took care to point out that he “was raised a Christian and came to Christ at Clay Road Baptist Church in Houston. In terms of political views, I'm a plain and simple conservative: I'm a fiscal conservative, I'm a social conservative. I think there are absolute truths about what is right and about what works.”
Advertisement:
In the postscript of his book, Noebel asserts that Schwarz “greatly influenced the newly rising conservative movement that ultimately produced leaders” including Ronald Reagan, James Dobson, Olasky, Tim LaHaye, Phyllis Schlafly, Bill Buckley, Jerry Falwell, and others. Perhaps he can now add Cruz to that list.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bus passenger wearing a headscarf and ski goggles prompting most of the other passengers to get off over fears he was a terrorist.
The man boarded the No 38 service in Bristol with his face completely covered by the headscarf and green reflective goggles.
But after he casually sat down most of the other passengers got off at the next stop.
One passenger snapped a photo and posted it on the 'Spotted Bristol' Facebook page, sparking a fierce debate.
Sean Sully, who the man sat next to the bus from Bristol to Bath, said: "I got off five minutes later, wanted to say something but I didn't want him to push the button?"
Some argued that the man should not have been allowed on board with his entire head covered, with Rebecca Louise writing: "Why were they even allowed on like that?"
(Image: SWNS)
And Alexandra Mitchell said it was understandable if some people were afraid, writing: "Because of all the terrorism in the world at the moment, people are frightened.
"At the moment you are not safe anywhere, so when people see a man strangely dressed get on the bus they will be possibly panicked.
"We are a city where anything goes but in the present time we are very cautious, which is very sad and unless the government change their strategy this will not change."
Others defended the man, saying that people have the right to dress however they want and criticising other commenters for their closed-minded view.
(Image: SWNS)
"Some people are just different, you know," said Freddie Williams. "It shames me to read these comments, as Bristol is one of the best cities in the UK for culture, art, music and diversity of others."
Keziah Pitt added that "the media" had made it "impossible to look any other way than 'normal'", writing: "Was anyone attacked or blown up by this 'weirdo'? No? Great."
Another Facebook user said it was clearly a test to see how people would react, while Richard Morton suggested he might be a Muslim cross-dresser.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Thomas the Tank Engine -- and the "Cybernetic Anthropomorphous Machine" stirs up mental images of cold steel feet stomping their way methodically through playgrounds and orphanages everywhere -- we'll go with the latter. It's far more accurate
The CAM was a literal war-mech, built by General Electric back in 1966. Its purpose was to move cargo and weapons through rough terrain during battles. It actually involves no electricity; the whole thing is operated via manual control of hydraulic servos. The final production models were to have 12-foot-tall legs and a top hiking speed of 35 miles an hour, and, as you can see at about 39 seconds in, it could kick a fucking jeep across the room.
Admittedly it does so rather hesitantly and awkwardly - but that's more a matter of self-confidence than ability.
Doesn't this kind of piss you off? We had functional fun-size AT-ATs
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
back in the mid-60s!
Sure, doubts were raised about its inherent balance and mobility -- because there's a kind of pulley system following the thing around through parts of the video -- but look closely: The rope is slack most of the time. It seems to be serving more as a precaution than a support. These scientists are still human beings, after all. While they might know, objectively, that this shambling steel rhino skeleton is entirely rider-operated, and therefore physically unable to snap and rampage through the complex in a berserk murder spree -- they're still going to put a leash on it, just in case. Besides, there are plenty of images of the thing moving freely, and even a few of the later prototypes, which had stabilizing arms so it could never fall over in such a way that you could not right it again. Long story short: It worked, and with a little more development, it could have worked really well.
But the CAM was eventually discontinued because, although there wasn't much physical strain involved, most of the operators mentally burnt out after about 15 minutes from the unfamiliar stress of manipulating a foreign body via joysticks.
God ... dammit, the past! We own Xboxes now. We do this shit for fun! If you sons-of-bitching-previous-generations had just stuck with this and ironed out the kinks, we could all be loping to the 7-Eleven for a six-pack and a Slim Jim in our solid-steel battlemechs that kick through walls, cruise at the city-speed of a car and
The woman who is in her fifties is now facing prison after her flight was abruptly cut short when she crashed her car and sustained injuries, exposing her inebriation to ambulance staff called to the scene, reported the Aftonbladet daily.
The woman told police that she was invited to the Midsummer party in Kronoberg county in southern Sweden by some mutual friends of the hosts. When the party was in full swing the woman claims that it was proposed that all of the guests strip off and engage in group sex.
The proposal came as something of a shock to the woman and despite the fact that she had been enjoying alcoholic drinks during the evening, she felt compelled to flee the scene in her car.
But the hapless woman made it little further than the road out of the small rural community, as her car hit a badger and was rendered incapacitated in a roadside ditch.
She sustained injuries in the crash and the emergency services were called to the scene. Ambulance staff noted the scent of alcohol about the woman and elected to call the police.
While the woman maintains that she only had a beer or two during the evening, police tests showed that she had a blood alcohol content of 1.56 permillage - far in excess of the 1.0 permillage limit for aggravated drink driving which carries a maximum penalty of two years imprisonment.
Protesters surround a car outside the Trump rally. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
If you dub Trump ‘Hitler,' can you be surprised when people oppose him with violence?
Political violence has returned to the United States. Outside a Donald Trump rally in San Jose Thursday night, anti-Trump protesters viciously attacked the presumptive Republican nominee's supporters as they exited the arena in which Trump spoke. This was not the first instance of mass political violence against Trump's supporters — the fracas outside a rally in Chicago in March was probably more egregious — but it was certainly as visible and ugly as any other. You could be forgiven for mistaking it for the 1968 Democratic Convention.
Advertisement
Advertisement
If political violence is one theme of the Trump campaign — both as implicitly encouraged by the candidate throughout this long primary season and as exercised against the supporters at his rallies — a torturous debate over fascism is another. To many, Trump's strongman tactics, his insistence on making attendees at his rallies swear oaths to him, and his apparent disregard for the separation of powers and rule of law, reek of the demons of the 20th century. Many see in Trump — and the new class of Eastern European autocrats whom he, in many ways, resembles — shades of Hitler, Mussolini, and Franco.
Left-wing pundits have made authoritarianism central to their critique of Trump. A December article by Jamelle Bouie in Slate carried the revealing, pithy headline “Donald Trump Is a Fascist,” and argued that to say so isn't to launch “a partisan attack. It is the political label that best describes what the GOP frontrunner has become.” Bouie made sure to note that he wasn't just using the label “fascist” to disparage Trump's candidacy; rather, he argued, any dispassionate analysis would conclude that Trump was indeed a fascist, the inheritor of the legacies of the men who destroyed Europe in the 1930s and 1940s.
Advertisement
Jamil Smith had a similar take. Though he shied away from explicitly dubbing Trump a fascist, he had no problems with calling Trump's ideas fascist — a distinction without difference. Others went further: George Clooney called Trump not only a fascist but a “xenophobic fascist” and Louis C.K. saw fit to call Trump “Hitler.” This attitude is not confined merely to the left; Robert Kagan, the neoconservative thinker, published a much-discussed op-ed in the Washington Post last month that argued Trump's candidacy is “how fascism comes to America.”
EDITORIAL: The Trump-Rally ‘Protest' in San Jose Was a Riot and Indefensible
Advertisement
Advertisement
Of course, it's not hard to see why so many thinkers view Trump as a fascist threat, given his willingness to use violence to further his own goals. Assaults on protesters at his rallies are all too common, and they're often egged on by Trump himself, standing at the podium. Trump has explicitly threatened political violence before — recall his remark in March that “I think you'd have riots” in the case of a brokered convention in Cleveland — and groups of his followers have formed vitriolic online groups that dog anyone who dares offer dissent. These are tendencies more often found in fascist leaders than in those who obey democratic norms, and writers who call Trump a fascist are not doing so entirely without reason.
#share#So if Donald Trump is a fascist, what is to be done? Do we allow supposed fascists — people who (along with Communists) seek the destruction of democratic government — the political rights to which all citizens are entitled? Should they be defeated at the ballot box, or in the streets? The San Jose riots suggest that a significant contingent of Americans has chosen the latter.
It is one of the ironies of this campaign season that pundits were wrong in a crucial respect: They anticipated that violence would rise from within Trump's movement. Bouie, for example, wrote that, “In the Europe of the 1920s and '30s, fascist parties organized armed gangs to intimidate political opponents.” The implication was clear: It would only be a matter of time before Trump formed a personal corps of brownshirts, willing to use their fists to corral their candidate's opponents into order.
Advertisement
Advertisement
RELATED: Dear Mainstream Media, Don't You Dare Whitewash Anti-Trump Violence
In reality, the opposite has happened. Political violence has arisen not from the right, but from the left. Progressives are already predisposed to violence against Trump supporters as a consequence of the mindset wherein political rights are only accorded to those who ascribe to a slate of largely liberal viewpoints. Add to that the belief that your opponent is a fascist intent only on the usurpation of personal power and the destruction of the democratic system, and you get a toxic mix, one that makes the leap to justifying violence a short one indeed. As the socialist provocateur Fredrik deBoer, no friend of liberal pundits, wrote on Twitter: “Journalists with big platforms called Trump a literal fascist on the rise for months. How did you expect people to react to that?”
If you call Trump a fascist often enough, people will begin to believe you.
The street battles in San Jose on Thursday night were the logical, foreseeable consequence of branding Trump with the F word. If you call Trump a fascist often enough, people will begin to believe you. If you insist that this is a “Weimar moment” in which Western democracy is mortally threatened, a Weimar moment is what you'll get. Given the number of Americans predisposed to believe a fascist with a real shot at the presidency can only be defeated through violent means, the conditional statement that begins with “If Donald Trump is a fascist” can only end one way.
RELATED: End the Double Standard on Political Violence and Unrest
Advertisement
Advertisement
It took millions of lives, trillions of dollars, and untold human suffering to defeat fascism the first time around. People know that; one needs only to look at Robert Capa's photographs of D-Day to see the struggles of the Second World War are ingrained in our national consciousness. When pundits tell their readers that a fascist is mustering his forces to destroy American democracy, those readers react in a way that might be appropriate if Hitler's reincarnation were indeed on the way to winning the presidency. (Hitler did, after all, come to power through democratic means, an uncomfortable reality for those who believe fully in the sanctity of the democratic process.)
The term “fascist” is a very, very powerful thing. Its powers extend far beyond those exerted by the words “racist” or “misogynist” or “xenophobic,” for fascists threaten not merely a specific race or sex but rather the entire polity. If pundits are to use it to describe Trump and his movement, they must be prepared to live with the consequences.
— Noah Daponte-Smith is an intern at National Review.
Chris Horner (Airgas-Safeway) is one of the best tacticians in cycling. He frequently gets himself in trouble for calling them like he sees them. Horner's matter-of-fact attitude can be interpreted as analytical, or hubris, depending on one's frame of reference. Immediately after the US Professional Road Race in Chattanooga on Monday, Horner discussed his thoughts on the closing laps of the race. Related Articles Q&A: Chris Horner on swapping the WorldTour for Airgas-Safeway
Horner: What other American can they bring that's more popular than me?
Horner's Airgas-Safeway team is hoping to get into the Tour of Utah and the USA Pro Challenge later this summer. The general perception is a win at nationals can help a team bridge the gap if they are on the bubble. Horner felt he'd done well despite some bad luck for the team.
“We started with six and we lost three instantly and we lost a fourth right after his chain broke,” Horner said. “So we were down to two guys, that's it. I was a bit off on form so I just tried to fake it the whole time but all in all I put on a show.“
Pulling back Talansky was the first priority. Horner was disappointed when Phil Gaimon (Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies) crashed out of the race due to a slick rainy corner. Immediately after dismissing Gaimon's crash as “his MO whenever it is slippery”, Horner complimented Gaimon on his work pulling back Talansky.
“And Gaimon, he was fabulous,” Horner said. “Full on throwing everything into it but then he crashed so it left two of us [Horner and Busche] and some half-assed work from the other guys to pull back Talansky.”
After Busche and Dombrowski slipped away, Horner looked to Garmin to make a move. However, Horner didn't believe Dombrowski stood a chance against Busche.
“When Busche went they had Dombrowski with them, and of course, like he's not going to win in the sprint,” Horner said. “It doesn't matter if he sits on for five miles. When you come down to the descent here Busche is going to beat him every time. So if Busche pulls for half a lap full gas and then rests on the descent, he's going to win the sprint.”
With Alex Howes sitting in reserve, Horner let Talansky know the chase was in their court. Howes was Cannondale-Garmin's fastest guy on paper, and Horner did not want to help pull back Busche.
“Busche is a legendary rider. He's top notch. He's been hurt all year, and you see him come here and win a jersey,” Horner said. “For me, I was happy to see him win. He's a good friend and he's done some [pause], when I won Spain he was the guy working for me. So it wasn't my job to pull him back on the last lap. When he went I knew he would probably win it, and the least I can do is not pull when the guy helped me win a Grand Tour.”
Luke Hodge will remain with the Hawks until at least the end of 2016 after signing a new deal
Will they stay or go? Check out the status of 2015's free agents and vote on the biggest names
HAWTHORN's veteran captain Luke Hodge will play into a 15th AFL season, after re-signing with the Hawks until the end of 2016.
The club has also locked away gun midifielder Liam Shiels for another four years.
Mitchell signs on for another year
Hodge was at his best last year, averaging 25 disposals a game and winning his second Norm Smith Medal in his third premiership.
He has missed just five games in the past two seasons after struggling with a knee injury in 2012.
He said the decision to extend his career was made easy by how well his body had held up in recent years.
“At this stage, I still think I can help the boys on the field and my body is feeling great," Hodge told the club's website.
“It's a great club to be around and we're in a really exciting time at the moment so there was definitely no argument when they came to us [with a contract].
The champion skipper also hinted he could play on beyond this new deal after a successful pre-season in which he played all three NAB Challenge games.
“I've been able to get through the pre-season really well and I guess that's what it's come down to.
“Fingers crossed that keeps going for the next two years anyway and then we'll see what happens after that.”
Shiels committed to the Hawks until the end of 2019 after leading the side for inside 50s last season.
The 23-year-old captained his side during its NAB Challenge game against Collingwood in February.
He told Fairfax Media the already successful group's desire for further glory made his decision to remain a Hawk extremely straight-forward.
"It's a long contract and it will keep me here for a while so it was a big decision in that way, but also a pretty easy one because I love it here and have never had a thought about leaving this club," Shiels said.
"I love the club, I love the culture, I have some great mates here and I think we have a lot of things left to achieve.
"Every footballer wants to play in premierships, so hopefully between now and the end of 2019 we can be there on the last Saturday in September a few more times."
Twitter: @AFL_Harry
An 800-year-old ceremonial complex near the famous cliff dwellings of Mesa Verde was built using the same basic geometry found in ancient monuments from Greece to Egypt, a new study has found.
The site, in southwestern Colorado, also appears to have been measured out in multiples of 30.5 centimeters, or about 1 foot, suggesting that the Ancestral Puebloan architects who designed the complex used a common unit of measurement.
Together these new insights reveal a “genius” for precise geometry that's gone unrecognized in Ancestral Pubeloan architecture, said Dr. Sherry Towers, a physicist and statistician at Arizona State University who conducted the study.
“These findings represent the first potential quantitative evidence of knowledge of advanced geometrical constructs in a prehistoric North American society,” Towers writes, in her paper published in the Journal of Archaeological Science: Reports, “which is particularly remarkable given that the Ancestral Pueblo peoples had no written language or number system.”
The focus of Towers' research was Mesa Verde's Sun Temple, a small complex of masonry buildings that sits on top of a mesa across from the Cliff Palace cliff dwellings in Mesa Verde National Park.
When it was first excavated in 1915, Sun Temple was found to lack any domestic artifacts or trash middens, suggesting that its purpose was ceremonial instead of for day-to-day use.
(Learn about a new theory about the purpose of another structure at Mesa Verde: “Mesa Verde's ‘Mummy Lake' Was Built to Hold Rituals, Not Water, Study Says“)
And some features of the site were also thought to align with the sun and moon at certain times, a possibility that Towers set out to study in the summer of 2015, a hundred years after it was first investigated by archaeologists.
“The site is known to have been an important focus of ceremony in the region for the Ancestral Pueblo peoples, including solstice observations,” Towers said in a statement to the press.
“My original interest in the site involved looking at whether it was used for observing stars as well.”
When she began analyzing Sun Temple's dimensions, however, a pattern soon emerged.
“I noticed in my site survey that the same measurements kept popping up over and over again,” she said.
“When I saw that the layout of the site's key features also involved many geometrical shapes, I decided to take a closer look.”
Towers used on-the-ground measurements and aerial photographs of the site to determine the site's exact dimensions.
Then she examined the distances between some of Sun Temple's key features, like the front and back walls of its main D-shaped building and the centers of its four circular structures, described as kivas, though they likely served some other function.
Her results, she said, showed the appearance of several key geometrical shapes, such as right triangles, Pythagorean triangles, and the so-called Golden Rectangle, a well-proportioned shape that often turns up in ancient European art and architecture.
For example, Towers noted, the centers of Sun Temple's two main circular kivas align at a precise 90-degree angle to the temple's front wall, forming a right triangle.
And the lengths of its sides are in the ratio 3:4:5, forming what's known as a Pythagorean triangle.
Similarly, Towers said, the form that circumscribes the shape of the D-shaped structure is a Golden Rectangle.
Its sides fit the ratio of (1 + √5)/2, which has been recognized by artists and architects the world over as being visually “pleasing,” Towers noted.
However, mystics, fans of “alternative history,” and pseudo-archaeologists should all take note: Towers does not by any means intimate that the forms found in Sun Temple mean that they were designed with some unrecognized technology or arcane knowledge.
No single civilization had a unique purchase on the concept of the right triangle, for instance, and Towers observes that a shape like a Golden Rectangle can be mapped out using little more than a couple of people and a length of cordage to create a straight line and an arc.
“Golden rectangles are readily constructed with a straightedge and a compass and do not require knowledge of irrational numbers,” she writes.
Instead, she said, the marvel of Sun Temple's geometry is its consistency and accuracy.
Her measurements deviated from these shapes with a relative error of less than one percent, she said.
“This is what I find especially amazing,” Towers said in the statement.
“The genius of the site's architects cannot be underestimated.
“If you asked someone today to try to reconstruct this site and achieve the same precision that they had using just a stick and a piece of cord, it's highly unlikely they'd be able to do it, especially if they couldn't write anything down as they were working.”
(Learn about an Ancestral Puebloan site uniquely suited to its environment: “900-Year-Old Village Recorded in Volcanic Badlands of New Mexico“)
Moreover, Towers' measurements also seemed to reveal repeated use of the same unit of measure.
This can be seen in the consistency of many of the site's key dimensions, she noted.
For example, the radius of each of the three kivas inside the D-shaped structure is nearly identical: about 270 centimeters or 8.85 feet.
Likewise, the radius of the smaller kiva outside the main building is about 230 centimeters or 7.5 feet, which is also the distance between the two interior kivas, as well as from the main kiva to the outside wall.
Based on these and other measurements, Towers estimates that the measurements used to build Sun Temple were based on a common unit of 30 to 30.5 centimeters, which is about the same as the modern imperial foot, or 30.48 centimeters.
To determine whether this ancient “foot” was truly a uniform unit of measure in the Ancestral Puebloan world, Towers proposes studying other monuments in the Southwest — such as Pueblo Bonito, the largest great house in New Mexico's Chaco Canyon — to see if the same patterns present themselves.
(Discover a recent find from the Ancestral Puebloan world: “Twin 1,300-Year-Old Villages Discovered in Arizona Sand Dunes“)
In her paper, she offers this enticement for future research: Based on aerial photographs, the shape that circumscribes Pueblo Bonito appears to be a Golden Rectangle.
“Further study is needed to see if that site also has the same common unit of measurement,” Towers said in the statement.
“It's a task that will keep us busy for some years to come.”
Sherry Towers (2016). Advanced geometrical constructs in a Pueblo ceremonial site, c 1200 CE Journal of Archaeological Science: Reports arXiv: 1605.09494v2
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Tuesday he is “not happy” with the actions of some Senators and with the conduct of his own office.
The message was delivered in a speech to the Conservative caucus on Parliament Hill, as the Senate expense scandal enveloped Harper's government.
“I did not get into politics to defend the Senate,” said Harper.
He said that anyone who wants to use their public office for their own benefit should either leave office or exit the Conservative caucus.
“Let me be very blunt about it,” Harper said Tuesday morning. “Anyone who wishes to use and have public office for their own benefit should change their plans or better yet, leave this room.”
He reminded the caucus of a 2005 speech when he said that anyone plan to reap personal benefits from public life should change those plans or get out of the Conservative party.
Many in the caucus looked sombre as they awaited Harper's arrival, but they greeted his speech with an ovation.
Harper's office decided to briefly allow journalists into the closed-door meeting on Parliament Hill so they could record the prime minister's remarks before they were told to leave.
After reporters left, Tory MPs and senators were expected to grill Harper with questions over how the expense scandal in the upper chamber has escalated and how questions are now also focused on the involvement of the prime minister's former chief of staff Nigel Wright, who secretly paid Sen. Mike Duffy to repay his housing expenses. Wright resigned over the weekend because of the controversy connected to the affair.
Opposition parties are calling on Harper for a full explanation of what happened.
In his speech Tuesday, Harper focused on how the government must restore public trust in the Tories' long-standing promise to handle taxpayers' funds with care, and also to reiterate that Senate reform is long overdue.
Harper has not answered any questions on the scandal in recent days — a fact that is frustrating opposition parties who return to the House of Commons for question period Tuesday afternoon after a week-long break.
[np_storybar title=”Andrew Coyne: Wright's resignation not the government's moral reclamation. It's the next act in the tragedy
” link=”http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2013/05/20/andrew-coyne-wrights-resignation-not-the-governments-moral-reclamation-its-the-next-act-in-the-tragedy/”%5D
Section 17 (1) of the Senate Conflict of Interest code states: “Neither a Senator, nor a family member, shall accept … any gift or other benefit, except compensation authorized by law, that could reasonably be considered to relate to the Senator's position.”
Section 16 (1) of the Parliament of Canada Act states that “no member of the Senate shall receive or agree to receive any compensation, directly or indirectly, for services rendered … in relation to any bill, proceeding, contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusation, arrest or other matter before the Senate or the House of Commons or a committee of either House.” Moreover, Section 16 (3) makes “every person who gives, offers or promises to any member of the Senate” such compensation liable to imprisonment for up to one year.
Read more…
[/np_storybar]
Harper meets with his caucus after a tumultuous long weekend that saw two senators he appointed leave caucus, and his chief of staff resign amid a Senate spending scandal that appears to have no clear end in sight.
The Senate will also move Tuesday to reopen the review of Sen. Mike Duffy's expense audit, but the upper chamber's own investigative abilities are in tatters after the Conservative majority apparently toned down the final report on Duffy's spending.
Opposition parties are now calling for the Mounties to investigate allegations of political interference and review a $90,000 transaction between Duffy and Wright.
Duffy quit the Conservative caucus on Thursday over his spending, including reports he may have billed the Senate for expenses while he was campaigning for the Tories in the 2011 election. Sen. Pamela Wallin stepped out of caucus on Friday while she remains under investigation for her three-year travel bill of more than $300,000. Early Sunday morning, Wright's resignation was made public with a statement from Wright saying he “did not advise the prime minister of the means by which Sen. Duffy's expenses were repaid.”
Duffy stopped co-operating with auditors reviewing his expenses once the $90,000 repayment of his housing allowance was made. When he did offer to help in late April, the Senate committee overseeing the audit turned him down.
However, it was not known if Harper would take any questions from the media Tuesday because he was due to fly to South America in the early afternoon for a trade mission.
With files from Jordan Press
Terrapin Brewing Announces their newest Year-Round Release, Sound Czech Pils.
This Czech Style Pilsner was originally part of the Georgia Theater Session Series back in 2010. The Pils was one of four beers that was released as part of the fundraising effort to rebuild the Theater after a fire destroyed the Athens landmark. Now, Sound Czech is back on tour with an updated recipe and brand-new packaging (12 oz. cans) perfect for outdoor concerts or a late night show.
The lager is brewed with 100% Pilsner malt, and is accompanied by German Magnum, Czech Saaz, and Saphire hops. The fresh aroma and noble hop character give way to a perfect malt balance and a snappy dry finish.
From the Label:
Like music to your ears, Terrapin “Sound Czech Pilsner is a concert of flavor. Brewed with 100% Pilsner malt for exceptional crispness, and accompanied by Czech and German hops for noble superiority, this traditional lager will make you stand up for an encore performance. “Turn it up!”
ABV: 5.2%
IBU: 42
OG: 11.4
Look for Sound Czech throughout Terrapin's Distribution Footprint in 12 oz. can six packs and in half-barrel kegs, starting March 17th, 2016.
London and LA-based Content Media Corporation and Chinese media entrepreneur Bruno Wu are partnering in a multi-layered deal that will in part see Content acquire the Beijing-based Alive Group of companies from Wu's Seven Stars Media. Alive is active in China across TV production and distribution; feature film production and theatrical distribution; digital distribution of English-language programming; music rights; advertising and marketing services; and sports programming under the Tiger Sports brand. The deal involves an unspecified direct equity investment by Seven Stars into Content Media. It will also place Wu on the Content board as chairman. Seven Stars vice-chairman, Alex Cherepakhov, will be a non-executive director. Huw Davies, who had been chairman, is stepping down.
This is the latest in increasing tie-ups between Hollywood and China, and the most recent project involving Wu, who has his hands in several deals. Under this one, Content will distribute its own library of film and TV properties through the Alive Group to the Chinese market. It will also offer producers direct distribution opportunities in China through Alive subsidiaries. In the reverse, Content will handle international distribution of certain rights owned by the Alive Group. One of the first commercial activities of the new venture is Team China, a 10-hour martial arts reality show made for CCTV5. Wu is hot on martial arts and when we sat down in Cannes about a year ago, he was bullish on Tiger TV, a mixed martial arts channel he was backing. In other Cannes-related news, the new Alive Group will work on the May theatrical release of Grace Of Monaco in China. Wu is an exec producer on the movie that is opening the Cannes Film Festival on May 14. The Alive Group is also developing TV formats that include Wheel Of Fortune and will work with Content Television to bring new shows to the Chinese market. Content's current TV slate includes such titles as Gillian Anderson thriller The Fall and HBO Asia's Serangoon Road. Its movies include Steve McQueen documentary The Man & Le Mans; Don't Knock Twice from The Machine director Caradog James; and Ali Larter horror pic The Diabolical.
Other participants in the unspecified equity raise include Content non-exec directors Jeff Sagansky and Franz von Auersperg; Content Media Corp CEO John Schmidt and other members of the management team.
The United States is in turmoil tonight. Many people, viewing the protests across America in recent weeks, over the shooting death of an unarmed African American teenager by police in Ferguson, Missouri, are trying to make sense of the divisions that were once simmering, but are now boiling over in American society. One important thing to understand, about the case, is that Americans do not view it in isolation; they see it as being part of a much larger pattern and a disturbing social and historical process.
Race Relations
Americans are divided, largely along racial lines, over what the shooting of Michael Brown, the unarmed teenager, represents in terms of the current status of race-relations in the United States. The point of view, held by the majority of black Americans and a significant minority of whites, according to National Public Radio, is that Michael Brown's shooting is just the most recent example of a deeply troubling tendency in the American criminal justice system that shows callus indifference toward the lives of black victims of violent acts by police officers and by vigilantes.
Most blacks doubt that the circumstances surrounding the young man's death are likely to be fairly investigated, nor will his killer be held accountable for the young man's death. This, they argue, is the way things have always been in America, although it seems to many that, in recent years, the situation has gotten worse. Last year, “The Root,” a popular African American news publication outlined the stories of 20 high profile instances of unarmed young black males who were killed in situations similar to Michael Brown's, where the use of lethal force was highly questionable or clearly unwarranted. This summer has witnessed the addition several additional high profile examples of this pattern: Eric Garner, who died in a police choke hold, while repeatedly telling the officers that he couldn't breathe; John Crawford, a 22 year old father, who was shot while holding a toy gun in the toy section of Wal Mart, just after telling the officers that the gun was not real; and Michael Brown, the unarmed 18 year old who was shot 30 feet away from the officer's vehicle, apparently with his hands raised in surrender. There are many other such cases that never even receive national attention.
Media Coverage
If the first concern is that the lives of young black men don't seem to be valued by the authorities, a second concern is that media coverage of these murders seems unfair, and turns these victims of police violence into villains. It hasn't escaped the notice of many Americans, black or white, that black unarmed victims are depicted as being basically criminals at heart, even when there is not much evidence to support these claims, while openly violent white perpetrators involved in mass shootings are depicted as being basically good people with a minor flaw that mysteriously set them off. Whites who openly carry weapons and use them to threaten law enforcement officers, as in the case of Cliven Bundy earlier this summer, are portrayed as “good ol' boys standing up for their constitutional rights” – the embodiment of American “freedom” and rugged individualism. Some would argue that there is a double-standard, not only in the use of lethal force by police officers, but also in the way these events are covered in mass media.
Class vs Race
A third factor is that many Americans see the issue as being as much about class as it is about race. Although one is hard-pressed to find an African American male who has not, at some point in his life, been subjected to unwarranted and humiliating treatment by police officers, but the use of violence, with impunity, against young black males is far more likely if that young man comes from a lower or working class socio-economic background than is the case if he is middle class.
While much of America is focused on the racial side of this issue, there are those who argue that what some people anticipate will be a “race war” in America will really be a war along class lines, as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar argued in a recent essay in Time magazine. Many social activists in the United States don't want Americans to lose sight of the fact that aggressive policing is a particularly class-based phenomenon, and reflects a deepening socio-economic divide in American society that makes life a nearly impossible trap to escape for the bottom 20%. This makes them more vulnerable, more frustrated and more disillusioned than ever before.
Militarisation of the Police
The fourth factor is the militarization of American policing. Since the end of the Cold War the United States has increased its unilateral military interventions around the world, providing weapons to prop up “friendly” regimes that will promote American interests, and are used to overthrow those leaders who are not compliant.
With a glut of weapons in circulation, even as early as 1994, the U.S. federal government began a program of giving surplus military weapons to local police departments. National publications, such as The New York Times and Forbes Magazine, recently ran articles tracing this process. Local media, such as The Atlanta Journal Constitution, have documented the effect that this program has had on their communities. The New York Times recently published a map showing the astonishing wide-spread geographic distribution of surplus military equipment to local police forces.
The militarization of local police escalated as politicians and pundits preyed on two fears: the fears aroused by the so-called “war on drugs” and the fears surrounding the “war on terrorism”. Politicians used both of these perceived threats to justify turning local police forces into small armies. As these dangers proved highly exaggerated, it didn't take long for the police to turn their windfall of military equipment on American neighborhoods, private citizens and peaceful protesters, as was graphically demonstrated in Ferguson Missouri. When the crisis exploded on the streets of Missouri, American war veterans said that the police were more heavily armed than the U.S. Army was when it was fighting a war in Iraq.
In any society, the separation of policing from military activity is based on the difference between fighting enemies of the state, as opposed to protecting citizens and promoting domestic civility. The military finds it awkward to be assigned policing tasks, as was the case following “regime-change” in Iraq. They weren't quite sure how to carry out the function of policing because they were not trained for that. Likewise, as the police force became militarized it was no longer suitable for policing. They hid inside of armored vehicles and used heavy assault weapons and military tactics which are ill-suited for maintaining domestic civility.
The citizens have become the enemy, and the streets of America, with alarming and increasing frequency, have started to resemble territories under military occupation. Even conservative American politicians are now openly worried about the effect that the militarization of the police force is having on American democracy, as demonstrated by a recent essay in Time magazine by Republican Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky.
The reason the Michael Brown shooting strikes a chord with so many Americans is because they do not see it as being an isolated incident. They are afraid that it actually reflects the current state of American society on many levels: in terms of race, class, media vilification of young black males, and militarized policing. It reminds Americans that the lives of black people in that country have historically been devalued and have been treated as being expendable. It reminds Americans that, as a result of their militarized foreign policy and their exaggerated fear of drug trafficking and terrorism, a surplus of American weapons are now being used to militarize the police force at home. It also reminds Americans of the widening gap between the opportunities and civil liberties of the rich and the poor.
Many Americans have the creeping sense that when they look at the killing of Michael Brown and the way that police have responded to protesters, they are seeing disturbing elements of what their society has become. They may hope that they are wrong, but even the public-relations symbolism of the “first black president” offers them little hope in the face of the facts on the ground that can no longer be ignored.
I am a writer and a historian who has worked extensively in community economic development and taught at the University of Pittsburgh.
Like this: Like Loading...
As the debate over military drone use rages on, The Guardian has published an unexpected voice on the topic, that of a former US drone operator who openly questions the program. An imagery analyst for the Air Force from 2009 to 2012, Heather Linebaugh says the people making decisions about the drone program are mostly ignorant of the brutality of the casualties inflicted. "I wish I could ask them a few questions," Linebaugh writes. "I'd start with: 'How many women and children have you seen incinerated by a Hellfire missile?'"
Linebaugh says the imaging quality involved is so low that operators often can't distinguish between an assault rifle and a shovel, casting doubt on every strike."We always wonder if we killed the right people," she writes, "if we endangered the wrong people, if we destroyed an innocent civilian's life all because of a bad image or angle." She says at least two of her colleagues were driven to suicide because of the mental toll, and that the army does not report suicide statistics for precisely this reason. The program has become increasingly controversial in recent months, with the Defense Department effectively canceling a drone piloting medal. Earlier this month, a strike in Yemen mistook a wedding party for an Al Qaeda gathering, mistakenly killing at least 13 civilians.
Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw declared himself healthy Tuesday and ready for whatever the team asks him to do next season.
With the recent release of Brandon Jacobs, the Giants may need to depend on Bradshaw to produce like he did in 2010, when he had a career-high 276 carries and 1,235 yards.
Bradshaw was limited to 171 carries and 659 yards in 12 games this season due to a stress fracture in his right foot.
“I picture my role to be just like [it was in 2010],” Bradshaw said. “I got the stem cell injection on my right foot that I refractured and it feels great. I feel like I can come out this next season and be ready for whatever they give me.”
Bradshaw, who has spent the majority of his Giants career splitting carries with Jacobs, said he knew the team was going to release the bruising back, but will miss his running mate anyway.
“I kind of knew it before because I talk to [Jacobs] all of the time,” Bradshaw said. “If he leaves I'll miss him. He's been established [in New York] for seven years, so I wouldn't want him to leave for nothing.”
Faced with a similar situation last season, Bradshaw finds himself on the other side and is helping Jacobs through the uncertainty.
“I was going through the same situation last year with free agency and he was doing the same thing,” Bradshaw said. “He was calling me every day, he was checking up on me.”
Bradshaw said Jacobs' fate is out of his control and wishes him well regardless what happens in the future.
“Whatever he does, whatever decisions are made, it's all business and I can't do anything about it,” Bradshaw said. “Wherever he goes, if he does leave, I just hope he has a successful rest of his career.”
asulla-heffinger@nypost.com
This article is about questioning technique. For programming language Clean, see Clean (programming language)
Clean Language is a technique that is used especially in psychotherapy and coaching, and more recently as a research interview technique. Clean Language helps clients to discover and develop symbols and metaphors without any content introduced by the therapist/coach/interviewer.
Clean Language was devised by David Grove in the 1980s as a result of his work on clinical methods for resolving clients' traumatic memories.[1] Cei Davies Linn was closely involved in the early evolution and development of Grove's work such as Clean Language and Epistemological Metaphors. As James Lawley and Penny Tompkins describe it, Grove "realized that many clients naturally described their symptoms in metaphor, and found that when he enquired about these using [the client's] exact words, their perception of the trauma began to change."[2]
Clean Language also is the basis of Symbolic Modelling, a stand-alone method and process for psychotherapy and coaching, developed by Lawley and Tompkins; Clean Space;[3] and Systemic Modelling, applied in organisational development.[4] Clean Language can also be used in addition to a therapist or coach's existing approach.[5]
David Grove [ edit ]
Clean Language originated with New Zealand-born and educated David Grove, who drew on his bicultural Māori/Pākeha roots when designing therapeutic and coaching methods. Grove had degrees from University of Canterbury and University of Otago in New Zealand, and a Masters in Counselling Psychology at Minnesota State University Moorhead. Grove served as a consulting psychologist with the London Phobic Trust, and published a book with Basil Panzer, Resolving traumatic memories: metaphors and symbols in psychotherapy (1989/1991). He died on 8 January 2008 [6][7]
Clean Language in detail [ edit ]
Prior to the use of the term "Clean Language" David taught and practiced his methods in the context of healing complex trauma. See Grove, David J. & Panzer, Basil I. (1989). In the following years his workshop materials included such titles as "Metaphors to Heal by","Resolving Traumatic Memories ", "Healing the Wounded Child Within", and "In the Presence of the Past",
Clean Language combines four elements of communication: syntax, wording of questions, vocal qualities, and non-verbal behaviour.[8]
Note: Practitioners of Clean Language often refer to the person asking questions as the 'facilitator' and the person receiving the questions the 'client'. This habit comes from the therapeutic roots of the Clean Language process. Depending on the context, these labels could be 'coach' and 'coachee', 'interviewer' and 'interviewee', or 'doctor' and 'patient'.
Syntax [ edit ]
In a therapeutic context, Clean Language questions often make use of the “full 3-part syntax” which has the format:
And [client's words/non-verbals] … and when/as [client's words/ non-verbals] … [clean question]?
This structure is derived from Grove's early hypnotic work, and is designed to direct attention, minimize cognitive load, and make it easier for the client to remain in the inner-directed state that the questions generate. Outside the therapeutic context, a more “everyday” syntax tends to be used.[9]
Wording of questions [ edit ]
Clean Language questions seek to minimise content that comes from the questioner's "maps" — metaphors, assumptions, paradigms or sensations — that could direct the questionee's attention away from increased awareness of his or her own (metaphorical) representation of experience thereby "diminishing their epistemological nature" [10].
Clean Language offers a template for questions that are as free as possible of the facilitator's suggestions, presuppositions, mind-reading, second guessing, references and metaphors. Clean questions incorporate all or some of the client's specific phrasing and might also include other auditory components of the client's communication such as speed, pitch, tonality. Besides the words of the client, oral sounds (sighs, oo's and ah's) and other nonverbals (e.g. a fist being raised or a line-of-sight) can be replicated or referenced in a question when the facilitator considers they might be of symbolic significance to the client.
Note: Clean Language facilitators do not follow popular generalised assumptions about the meaning of 'body language' (e.g. assuming that crossed arms mean the person is 'closed'), preferring to ask about the meaning such behaviour has for the client. The assumption being that much 'body language' is an unconscious communication with self.[11]
Vocal qualities [ edit ]
Voice speed, tone and volume can all affect the kind of attention the client pays to their own experience.[12] Where client's words are used, the vocal qualities of the client's words are repeated. In therapeutic applications, the questioner's words are often given slower, with a rhythmic and poetic tonality. In everyday interactions the facilitator can remain closer to their usual tonality.
Nonverbal Behaviour [ edit ]
Nonverbal behaviour is the way the facilitator uses his or her body to expresses themself in addition to spoken words. These include gestures, posture, head- and eye-points, and other movements of the body. The facilitator minimises their own nonverbal behaviour and does not mirror the movements of the client's body. Rather the facilitator uses gestures and eye-points that are congruent with the location of the client's imaginative symbols from the client's perspective.
Example [ edit ]
Clean Language questions are designed to reduce to a minimum any influence from the facilitator's 'map of the world' via his or her metaphors, interpretations or unwarranted assumptions. They are also designed to direct the client's attention to some aspect of their experience (as expressed in their words or non-verbal expressions) that the facilitator has noticed and chooses to highlight for the client's potential learning. An example dialog is as follows:
Client: "I feel strange."
Non-Clean Language facilitator responses might include: "I know this can be uncomfortable."
"Are you ill?"
"Do you want to feel normal?"
"What would happen if you didn't?"
"Stop complaining!"
Clean Language facilitator responses might include: "And where do you feel strange?"
"And what kind of strange?"
"And that's strange like what?"
"And is there anything else about that 'feels strange'?"
"And what happens just before you feel strange?"
"And when you feel strange, what would you like to have happened?"
While there are between 8 and 12 basic Clean Language questions that David Grove used about 80% of the time,[13] the concept of being 'clean' resides not only in the questions themselves but also in the intention of the facilitator.
Training Exercise [ edit ]
Some life coach training suggest the following Clean Language self-coaching exercise: Write down the Clean Language questions on strips of paper, fold these or arrange them randomly on a table face down. Then decide on a problem or a goal you would like to work on by answering the question: “What would you like to have happened?” Take one paper at a time with a Clean Language question written on it. After answering the question, draw another piece of paper and continue with the process until the strips of paper run out.[14]
Research Methodology [ edit ]
Clean Language is being used to enhance the authenticity and rigour of interview-based qualitative research. One application is as a method for eliciting naturally occurring metaphors in order to provide in-depth understanding of a person's symbolic world.[15]
A growing number of research projects are using Clean Language interviewing. For example, exploring the subjectivity of coachees' experience and outcomes;[16] comparing the evidence of coach competency from three perspectives;[17] a study at Masaryk University investigated tacit and explicit knowledge acquisition among student teachers.[18]
See also [ edit ]
Clean Language Interviewing, an interviewing technique developed from Clean Language
References [ edit ]
Doyle, N., Tosey, P. & Walker, C. (2010). Systemic Modelling: Installing Coaching as a Catalyst for Organisational Learning, The Association for Management Education and Development – e-Organisations & People , Vol. 17. No. 4, Winter 2010.
, Vol. 17. No. 4, Winter 2010. Gordon, K.M., & Toukmanian, S.G. (2002). Is how it is said important? The association between quality of therapist interventions and client processing. Counselling and Psychotherapy Research , 2, 88–98. doi:10.1080/14733140212331384867
, 2, 88–98. doi:10.1080/14733140212331384867 Grove, David J. & Panzer, Basil I. (1989) Resolving Traumatic Memories: Metaphors and Symbols in Psychotherapy . Irvington, New York ISBN 0829024077
. Irvington, New York ISBN 0829024077 Lawley, J. & Linder-Pelz, S. (2016). Evidence of competency: exploring coach, coachee and expert evaluations of coaching, Coaching: An International Journal of Theory, Research and Practice . doi:10.1080/17521882.2016.1186706
. doi:10.1080/17521882.2016.1186706 Lawley, J. & Manea, A.I. (2017). The Use of Clean Space to Facilitate a “Stuck” Client – a Case Study, Journal of Experiential Psychotherapy , 20(4):62-70. jep.ro/images/pdf/cuprins_reviste/80_art_7_v2.pdf
, 20(4):62-70. jep.ro/images/pdf/cuprins_reviste/80_art_7_v2.pdf Lawley, J. & Tompkins, P. (2000). Metaphors in Mind: Transformation Through Symbolic Modelling. Developing Company Press, London, ISBN 0953875105
Developing Company Press, London, ISBN 0953875105 Lawley, J. & Tompkins P. (2001). Metaphors In Mind: A Case study. Anchor Point Vol. 15, No. 5, May 2001. cleanlanguage.co.uk/articles/articles/13/
Vol. 15, No. 5, May 2001. cleanlanguage.co.uk/articles/articles/13/ Linder-Pelz, S. & Lawley, J. (2015). Using Clean Language to explore the subjectivity of coachees' experience and outcomes. International Coaching Psychology Review , 10(2):161-174 September 2015 ISSN: 1750-2764.
, 10(2):161-174 September 2015 ISSN: 1750-2764. Owen, Ian R. (1989) Beyond Carl Rogers: The Work of David Grove, Holistic Medicine , 4:4, 186-196, doi:10.3109/13561828909046386
, 4:4, 186-196, doi:10.3109/13561828909046386 Martin, J.N.T. (2007). Book Review: Metaphors in Mind: Transformation Through Symbolic Modelling, Metaphor and Symbol , 22(2):201-211. doi:10.1080/10926480701235510
, 22(2):201-211. doi:10.1080/10926480701235510 Pincus, D. & Sheikh, A.A. (2011) David Grove's Metaphor Therapy. Imagination, Cognition and Personality 30(3) 259-287. doi: 10.2190/IC.30.3.d
30(3) 259-287. doi: 10.2190/IC.30.3.d Sullivan, Wendy & Rees, Judy. (2008) Clean Language: Revealing Metaphors and Opening Minds. Crown House, Carmarthen. ISBN 978-1845901257
Crown House, Carmarthen. ISBN 978-1845901257 Švec V, Nehyba J, Svojanovský P, Lawley J, Šíp R, Minaříková E, Pravdová B, Šimůnková B & Slavík J. (2017). Becoming a teacher: The dance between tacit and explicit knowledge . Brno: Masaryk University Press. ISBN 978-8021086050
. Brno: Masaryk University Press. ISBN 978-8021086050 Tosey, P., Lawley, J. & Meese, R. (2014). Eliciting Metaphor through Clean Language: An Innovation in Qualitative Research. British Journal of Management, 25: 629–646. doi:10.1111/1467-8551.12042
PETALING JAYA: Muslims in Malaysia who don't want to fast during Ramadan are going to shops on the Thai side of the border to eat.
This was especially noticeable on the first day of the fast, on June 6. According to a report in Sinar Harian, many Malaysian Muslims were seen in restaurants in Sungai Golok, near the border.
It was especially convenient for them as, in Thailand, the first day of Ramadhan fell on June 7.
The report said some locals there claimed to have also seen civil servants and security personnel eating at these shops.
Meanwhile, a Rantau Panjang resident, who only wished to be known as Noh, told Sinar Harian that the restaurants in that area had become the focus of Malaysians nearly every working day, including Friday.
Yesterday's hearing at the Public Accounts Committee should set off alarm bells for anybody interested in policing, writes Michael Clifford.
It raised questions about the Government's commitment to reform of An Garda Síochána. Even worse, the evidence tendered suggests that politicians are still, to this day, interfering in policing to serve their own grubby ends.
The matter at issue was the reopening of Stepaside Garda Station. Everybody this side of the grave knows that this was a pet project for Shane Ross, the local TD and minister for transport and sport.
The station was one of 139 closed down between 2011 and 2014 in the first reorganisation of stations since the mid-19th century. In the interim, little advances such as motorised transport and major population shifts had occurred, rendering as redundant dozens, if not hundreds of stations.
Among those chosen for closure was Stepaside. The closure afforded an opportunity for the then Independent TD Mr Ross to promote his role as champion of the dispossessed in the leafy, affluent enclave in question.
When Mr Ross and his band of Independent Alliance TDs agreed to go into government in May 2016, the matter was on the table. Fine Gael could not be seen to be blatantly sorting out Ross, so it was agreed that there would be a reopening of six of the closed stations, to be selected by the gardaí on the basis of need. Once that appeared in the Programme for Government the bookies shut down any betting on Stepaside getting the nod. To the dogs in the street, the whole thing smelt like a ready-up to sort out Ross.
Yesterday, acting commissioner Dónall Ó Cualáin told the PAC that the criteria to determine which stations would reopen came from the Department of Justice. The “high level criteria”, as he described it, was to “ensure there was a rural, urban, and Dublin dimension” as well as the general criteria for policing, the acting commissioner said. Why exactly their criteria were to include the location of a closed station, as opposed to the express needs of a particular area, is unclear.
The information in relation to policing needs, population, and associated data was already available to the force from the process used for shutting down the stations in the first place a few years previously.
Despite all that, there was no sign of a report for more than a year. Why it took so long to compile something so straightforward based on data already available is a mystery.
In June 2017, just days before he was elected Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar spoke to Mr Ross and his colleague John Halligan about their respective constituency issues, Stepaside, and, in Mr Halligan's case, a cath lab for Waterford. According to Mr Halligan, in an interview with Juno McEnroe for this newspaper, Mr Varadkar said, “we will get them over the line for you”.
At the PAC yesterday, Transport Minister Shane Ross was criticised for posing with a poster about Stepaside station alongside Glencullen/Sandyford councillor Kevin Daly following the station's reopening.
A few days later, on June 9, an interim report on the reopening of Garda stations, compiled by Assistant Commissioner John O'Driscoll, was delivered to the Department of Justice. By that time, then commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan was heavily reliant on the Government's approval, as most opposition parties were calling on her to resign.
Around then, there was also a kerfuffle over the prospect of then attorney general Máire Whelan possibly being appointed to the Supreme Court.
By June of this year, Mr Ross wasn't just champion of the dispossessed but also scourge of vested and elite interests through a crusade to reform judicial appointments. He had, at one stage, threatened to block any appointments until his reforms were in place, irrespective of the impact that might have on the public and the legal system.
Then along comes Ms Whelan, presenting him with a problem. On June 13 her appointment was approved by Cabinet. Mr Ross left his principles at the door. He didn't object. Coincidentally, at the same meeting, the Cabinet got sight of the interim report on the stations and word came out that Stepaside was to be reopened. Mr Ross organised for a photo opportunity outside the station in question: The local boy bringing home the bacon. Yesterday Mr Ó Cualáin revealed that four stations were selected in the interim report, including Rush, Co Dublin, but the announcement on actual reopening was confined to Stepaside.
Mary Lou McDonald put it to Mr Ó Cualáin that Stepaside had been “cherry-picked by the Cabinet”. It was given a green light whereas the others weren't, she suggested. Mr Ó Cualáin indicated that he had nothing to do with that.
“What governments do is governments' business, deputy,” Mr Ó Cualáin replied.
“The Department of Justice has thrown An Garda Síochána under a bus,” Fianna Fáil's Marc McSharry thundered at the meeting. “Told to design a criterion for whatever is necessary to reopen Stepaside for the political expediency that we must engage in to facilitate members of Cabinet,” he said. Mr Ó Cualáin said the report was compiled using policing criteria.
The interim report has not been published, and the Department of Justice is refusing to do so until the full report is completed. This is all getting to be a joke at this stage.
Most observers are of the opinion that the report is a Mickey Mouse affair, designed to give political cover. Mr Ross's role in all this is largely irrelevant. Politics has always thrown up the likes of him. At least Jackie Healy-Rae had the good grace to go about his self-serving business with a glint in his eye. Mr Ross affects the pose of a man of high principle, champion of the dispossessed of leafy Stepaside, scourge of the elite.
The real issue is the willingness of the Taoiseach and his colleagues to go along with this. What has occurred has all the hallmarks of a good old-fashioned stroke. Except this involved undermining the police force by putting senior management in an invidious position. The stations that were closed were done so on the basis of sound criteria. Now, it would appear, six of them are to be reopened for nothing more than to give cover to the cabinet for sorting out Shane Ross.
On Tuesday's edition of “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough vented his frustration with Missouri Rep. Todd Akin (R)'s refusal to drop out of the race for U.S. Senate and said that he's tired of his party being the “Stupid Party.” Akin is the Republican congressman who said in an interview earlier this week that a woman's body can stop conception in the instance of a “legitimate rape,” thus obviating a need for exemptions from abortion restrictions for the victims of rape and incest.
On Monday, Scarborough said that Akin was evidence of a Republican party that had placed ideology ahead of actual electability and fitness to govern. On Tuesday, with Akin (thus far) refusing to get out of the race, Scarborough made it clear that, to his thinking, the mortally wounded Akin campaign could be spoiling the chances for Republicans to take the majority of seats in the Senate.
“Congressman Akin, you're in denial,” said Scarborough as if he were addressing Akin, “You're gonna lose if you stay in the race. And, by the way, your loss could make the difference between a Supreme Court justice that could make all the difference in the issues you claim you care about and having a Barack Obama fifth appointee for majority. So you think about that today when you do your little commercial. And think about destroying the Republican majority. Good on ya.”
Akin's campaign released a commercial this morning apologizing for the remarks, but vowing to stay in the race against incumbent Sen. Claire McCaskill (D), who has been down in the polls against Akin in recent weeks.
Scarborough had praise for his party, however for uniting in condemning Akin's remarks, which have touched off a firestorm on both sides of the party aisle. “Even Hannity” has spoken out against the controversial statements, which apparently is the panel's Maginot Line that defines the edge of acceptable Republican discourse. If even Hannity turns up his nose at what you've said, then you've truly jumped the tracks of credulity and should probably rethink how your remarks and your refusal to leave the race are affecting your party.
Scarborough said that he's less interested in the question of whether or not the Republican Party should be a moderate or a conservative party, “I'm just tired of the Republican Party being the ‘Stupid Party!'” he said, “Stupid people saying stupid things and scaring off independent voters and swing voters!”
We wish former Rep. Scarborough (R-FL) luck with that. It may be asking rather a lot from today's GOP.
Watch the clip, embedded via MSNBC, below:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
TORONTO – Has Barry Trotz, wise NHL head coach for 18 seasons, ever in his life seen a freshman crop like this one?
Does anything resemble the underaged, overachieving Toronto Maple Leafs who are redrafting the record books and passing the Rookie of the Month award around the room like a blown secret?
Just the second team in history with three 60-point rookies (Auston Matthews, Mitchell Marner, William Nylander)? The club with another rookie (Nikita Zaitsev) on the brink of earning a seven-year contract extension, and still another (Connor Brown) poised to become a 20-goal scorer, and one more (Zach Hyman) who sits second overall in short-handed goals?
Surely Trotz hasn't seen a perfect talent storm like this before.
“Yeah, I have,” Trotz said Tuesday. “Edmonton Oilers, way back in the day. Starting with 99.”
Another day in we-think-we-can, we-know-we-can Leafland, another coat of hyperbole to lather on.
Except tonight is different.
Stanley Cup Playoffs on Sportsnet NOW Ready for playoff hockey? Stream every single game of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs with Sportsnet NOW.
With a win over Trotz's Washington Capitals, only the NHL's best team, and a Lightning loss in Boston, the Maple Leafs will secure a post-season berth for the first time in four years. This just one calendar removed from 2016's dead-last finish in their first campaign under Mike Babcock, with whom Trotz has shared a Team Canada bench.
“As [Babcock] said, there would be pain. I think everyone thought there'd be more pain. They did a really good job. They turned it around quick. They did a great job drafting and putting the right pieces together,” Trotz said.
“They're playing with structure. A lot of focus and a lot of commitment. They're in a position to be in the playoffs right now. They're playing good hockey, they're getting great goaltending from [Frederik] Andersen, so there are not a lot of holes in their game. They got it dialled. Their speed and skill are acute right now. They're 8-1-1 in their last 10. Pretty good record.”
Also 8-1-1 in their last 10? The Capitals, who could tie a bow on a second consecutive Presidents' Trophy tonight.
“Yeah, but we're not as tight in our game right now [as Toronto],” Trotz said. “We've got some work to do.”
Don't ask Babcock about the city's anticipation of waking up to see that X beside the home club in the standings page. Four times the coach was poked to comment on the P-word Tuesday; four times he redirected the conversation to tonight's critical battle of the backups: Philipp Grubauer versus Curtis McElhinney.
One reporter began this way: “I just spoke to a group of 14-year-old students who said they have virtually no Leaf playoff memories—”
Babcock cut him off: “I don't either.”
Laughter punched the Leafs media room like a Matt Martin right.
“We've got to get into the playoffs,” Babcock said. “Momentum's a great thing. When things are going good in your life, you're in a happy place and life's good, you seem to have more energy and it's easier to work harder.”
Toronto is feeling it, team and town.
“We have a winning mentality in here,” Marner said recently.
Matthews became the highest-scoring rookie on a 100-year-old team Monday. He's put a muzzle on the Calder debate. He's evidence that a teenager can lead a moribund franchise to 11-2-1 in their last 14, raise the hopes of kids and grandparents alike, and still take the hype in stride.
“You get those streaks where your confidence is up and things are happening. Right now, that seems like the whole team. When we're winning games and playing the right way, I think everybody looks pretty good,” Matthews said.
“That's been our goal all season, to make the playoffs. We have enough talent in this room to make that possible, and a good coaching staff and a good group of guys that wants to get better. That's been our main focus all year—improve each [five-game] segment, each month—and that's what we've been able to do.”
The kid makes it all seems so matter of fact.
Hey, I heard you weren't feeling well. Oh, look, I have the anecdote in my pocket.
Sportsnet's Fantasy Playoffs Pool Play the Sportsnet Fantasy Playoffs Pool for your chance to win $5,000 cash if you are crowned the champ! It's FREE and easy to play.
“They've been difference-makers their whole life, so they don't understand anything different,” Babcock said, but on a more talkative afternoon.
Trotz's club—a veteran, first-place roster stacked with expiring contracts and Olympians scorned—has its own demons to slay. Not once has the Presidents' Trophy been mentioned within the Capitals' walls. Their sights remain affixed on a shinier bauble, one that has eluded all past editions of the D.C. hockey team.
“It's no different than the Leafs,” Trotz philosophized. “They're trying to affect the future; they're not looking at the past. The past is done. They're trying to create something; we're trying to create something.”
Funny that their fates cross tonight. Funnier still that a Capitals-Leafs first-round matchup is highly possible. The Caps have already conducted a deep pre-scout on Toronto, Boston, Ottawa and Tampa in preparation for the first series of their real season.
Oh, and about that crew of 1979-80 rookie Oilers? They made the playoffs in their Year 1, too. Squeaked in and got swept by the Presidents' Trophy–winning Philadelphia Flyers.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's savour the moment when the playoffs are so close you can taste them, so near you don't want to jinx them.
“It's pretty cool for the city of Toronto,” Matthews said.
“The Jays have been good, the Raptors have been good, the soccer team's been good. So it's good that we have an opportunity to be in a playoff spot. Pretty big sports city, especially when it comes to hockey.”
Share. Available later this year. Available later this year.
Codemasters has announced F1 2013 will be available on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC later this autumn.
Two versions of the game will be available this year - in addition to the standard F1 2013, there will also be F1 2013: Classic Edition.
Exit Theatre Mode
The standard edition of the game will feature all the cars, circuits and drivers from the 2013 season, including Lewis Hamilton in his Mercedes and Sergio Perez with McLaren-Mercedes. Additionally, updated rules, tyre changes and remodelled handling have also been included.
“ We try to pick an entire decade and pick the highlights out of it. The kind of things that Sky and the BBC will play on the lead-up to a Grand Prix, all the cool stuff.
In both versions of the game, the new F1 Classics mode hosted by Murray Walker will offer players control of a number of legendary drivers and classic cars, meaning you can race five iconic 1980's vehicles against the likes of Mario Andretti, Nigel Mansell and Gerhard Berger. The Circuito De Jerez and Brands Hatch circuits will also be available.
Owners of the premium Classic Edition of the game will also get access to two further content bundles, featuring content from the 1990s as well as additional tracks like Imola and Estoril. These two packs will be offered to anyone who buys the standard edition of the game as DLC shortly after launch, and will include racers like David Coulthard, Jacques Villeneuve, Eddie Irvine and Alain Prost.
The game's creative director Stephen Hood explained, "What we tried to do is, if we include a 1992 Williams in the 90s pack, we tried to include one of the original drivers from that team. In this case it'd be Nigel Mansell that drove in 1992. And then we tried to get a legendary driver that's recognised as driving for that mark like Mario Andretti, he's recognised as being in the Lotus era so he can go in that team. We're not replicating a specific year because people only really remember the teams that did really well at the front of the pack anyway, so we try to pick an entire decade and pick the highlights out of it. The kind of things that Sky and the BBC will play on the lead-up to a Grand Prix, all the cool stuff.
"It feels like a really different proposition when you're sitting at the back of the grid in a Classic race. The drivers that you're passing aren't just drivers one, two, three, four, you know? You've got Gerhard Berger in front of you. Mario Andretti is in a Lotus coming alongside. It's awesome to see stuff like that."
Exit Theatre Mode
F1 2013 will be fully integrated with Codemaster's RaceNet community hub that appeared in both F1 2012 and GRID 2, offering challenges, stats and progress tracking. Along with the Grand Prix mode, an expanded Young Drive Test has been developed and a new Scenario Mode will challenges and medals with which racers can hone their skills. Finally, mid-session saves mean players can complete lengthy sections of the game like race weekends in bite-size chunks, rather than commit to a continuous 180-minute session.
“ I think more people will be able to enjoy what Formula 1 entails and the strategy involved.
Hood revealed, "A problem we had in the past was that people were saying, 'I like the fact that you guys have been really authentic with Formula 1 and in your game I have to manage my tyres and look after my fuel.' They like the concept of it. But that really only comes into play if you're playing a slightly longer race, and they haven't got time for it.
"So what have we done in the past? We incorporated new modes like Champion's mode in the past to offer bite-sized gameplay, but that doesn't really fit for Formula 1 in my mind. Not on its own. What we really wanted to do was just enable people to save the game whenever. So you're on lap 13, you've got to go out for dinner or the phone rings, now you can complete it at a later date. Save and resume whenever you want. I think more people will be able to enjoy what Formula 1 entails and the strategy involved."
More details on F1 2013 will be announced in the coming months.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK Junior Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on IGN and on Twitter.
Expeditions are new, evolving co-op matches that pit players against increasingly tough enemies for ever-increasing rewards. Our first three expeditions – The War Below, Stolen Purpose, and Hellbug Hunt – will debut with the launch of the Alcatraz update!
Read on to learn more about Expedition challenges and mechanics, and stay tuned for in-depth coverage of their rewards in our upcoming Alcatraz Preview: Cyber Rigs post.
Expedition Tiers and Rounds
When you start an Expedition, you'll be placed into a series of matches based on your EGO rating. These matches are broken up into difficulty “Tiers” to best challenge all ark hunters who participate. For example, a rating 700 hunters might enter a Tier 3 Expedition while a rating 5000 hunters would enter at Tier 19.
Expedition Tier rating determines the power level and rank of the enemies you will face, as well as the quality of the gear you will discover in Expedition reward rooms (higher Tiers lead to greater potential rewards). The Tier you will start with is determined by the EGO rating of your group leader, so be mindful of the challenge you will face before entering. A word of warning: ark hunters are not boosted up in power to match the dangers presented in Expeditions, but high-powered ark hunters will be scaled down to face the challenges of lower Tiers!
In addition to Tiers, a new “Round” tracker shows how many Expeditions you've completed in a row. After completing an Expedition, you will be transported back to Alcatraz to rearm, regroup, and purchase gear. But don't dawdle! Once returned to Alcatraz, you only have five minutes to resume your Expedition run and continue your streak. Defeating your current Tier gives you access to the next while incrementing the rewards you'll receive. The best gear in Expeditions can only be found on the third Round or higher, so be sure to return to the Expedition quickly or you will miss out!
Hunter Requisitions
Expeditions are not to be undertaken lightly. Joining an Expedition costs a Hunter Requisition – or “Hunter Req” for short – which are available both for Bits and as login rewards.
If you've fallen in combat without an available revive, you can spend a Hunter Req to refresh your cooldown and continue the fight. Choosing to Extract, on the other hand, returns you to Alcatraz and ends your Expedition (though you can spend another Req to start a new run).
Note: In Expeditions, reviving your fellow players now requires – and consumes – your own self-revive, which dramatically increases the risk, tension, and mounting difficulty of each encounter!
Mutant Captains and Commanders
Mutant battalions roaming the Badlands have seized valuable technology and deployed it to the field. You'll need a mixture of resistances and shield-breaking attacks to face the Captains of their horde – terrifying variants equipped with an array advanced weaponry:
– Scorcher: A specialized Cleaver armed with flaming knives and a deadly flamethrower attack. This is, by far, the deadliest melee enemy in the Badlands; equip fire-resistant gear to survive.
– Fireteam Leader: These advanced riflemen use damage spikes to boost the offensive power of the mutants around them.
– Engineer: As deadly as they are cautious, engineers deploy special shield spikes to boost defenses around their fellow mutants.
– Incinerator: Some units operate with subtlety, but not the Incinerators – they are Bioman grenadiers who have traded their usual fragmentation munitions for incendiary rounds.
– Battle Master: The most dangerous of the mutant Captains, these units specialize in defensive techniques much like Engineers, though they prefer shield boosters to spikes.
In addition to these Captains, two new Mutant Commanders have arrived in the Badlands. Will your team of have what it takes to outwit the wily Engineer Marshal and defeat the indomitable soldiers of Jackson's Chosen?
Raider Captains and Commanders
The Raiders have been learning new tricks, too. Unlike the mutants, Raiders take no pains to defend themselves, so focus on damage bonuses and kill or be killed!
– Pyromaniac: A Blitzer got ahold of a plethora of incendiary grenades and now all hell is breaking loose.
– Plagueblaster: Armed with infector rockets, Plagueblasters unleash hordes of infector bugs to savage their enemies.
– Electrocutioner: Tankers armed with Votan rocket technology can not only blanket areas with cascading explosives, they can destroy shields with a powerful underground attack.
– Anarchist: Rioters armed with Couriers blast bombs onto unsuspecting opponents.
The Raiders have also promoted deadly Commanders from their ranks. The Badlands now suffer under the boot of Dekuso's Offspring – younger descendants of their dreaded Gulanee crimelord – and riotous, adreno-laden Raging Hulkers.
Hellbug Advanced Mutations and Bosses
Badlands hellbugs have continued their process of rapid evolution and metamorphosis. In the latest hive expansions, horrific new hellbug warriors – Irradiated and Electrified Conquerors – and intimidating new archer breeds – Incendiary and Plaguebringer Artillery – have been spotted accompanying colonization hordes to their destinations. Even worse, Burrowing Hellions and Monarch Hivelords have destroyed settlements previously thought to be impenetrable!
Join the Expedition
Expeditions provide an opportunity to gain power never before seen in the Bay Area. Keep an eye on the Defiance blog for more details on Cyber Rigs, the exciting new technology ark hunters will find in Expeditions. It's survival of the fittest out in the Badlands, and it's time to see who makes the cut!
Good hunting,
Trick Dempsey
Creative Lead, Defiance
Discuss this article on the forums.
If North Korean agents are responsible for the assassination of Kim Jong-Nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korea's leader, it would be the latest in a long line of targeted killings by the isolated state.
Kim, whose younger brother Kim Jong-Un has ruled North Korea since the death of their father in December 2011, died after reportedly being poisoned by two female agents at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Monday.
Kim Jong Nam told medical workers he had been attacked with chemical spray at the airport before he died, Malaysian officials have said. Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011, and experts believe he might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to his leadership. Others think he was enraged over recent news reports that his brother tried to defect to the South in 2012.
North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others. Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing:
Read: Kim Jong-Nam assassinated: Body of North Korean leader's brother to undergo autopsy
Here are some other fatal attacks carried out by North Korea on foreign territory.
1968 Blue House assault
A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace. South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute. The only commando that was captured said he had come to “slit the throat of (then-President) Park Chung-hee.”
A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea's founder. Tensions later eased, but the South Korean commando team, incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted, mutinied in 1971, killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped.
1974 presidential attempt
In 1974, Park, late father of the current South Korean president Park Geun-Hye, survived another assassination attempt.
A pro-Pyongyang Korean living in Japan, Mun Se-Gwang, opened fire with a revolver while Park was delivering a speech.
He missed Park but killed Park's wife Yuk Young-Soo. Mun was executed that year.
1983 Myanmar
North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea's leader while he was visiting Burma in 1983. President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack, but more than 20 people were killed, including four of his Cabinet ministers, his ambassador to Yangon and several top aides. One North Korean agent was shot to death by police, a second was executed and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008. Burma, now known as Myanmar, cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast, but they restored relations in 2007.
1987 Korean Air
A South Korean plane flying from Baghdad to Seoul exploded over the Andaman Sea. All 115 people on board were killed.
The two bombers were traced to Bahrain where a male agent committed suicide by biting a cyanide capsule hidden in a cigarette as they were about to be taken into custody.
The other agent, Kim Hyon-Hee, was captured and brought to Seoul. She later confessed her attack had been aimed to hamper the 1988 Seoul summer Olympics. She was sentenced to death but later pardoned.
1996 diplomat killing
South Korean diplomat Choi Duk-Keun was found bludgeoned to death in Vladivostok in 1996 in what South Korean media said was revenge for the death of 25 North Korean submariners who died when their vessel ran aground in the South during an infiltration attempt.
1997 family affair
Lee Han-young, a nephew of one of the former wives of the country's second leader Kim Jong Il, was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997. Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, but Seoul kept his arrival secret until 1996, when his mother also fled the North. Lee had harshly criticized the country and his dictator uncle. The investigation into his death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured.
2010: A High-profile defector
In 2010, two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a former Workers' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South. South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang's throat. Hwang, who once tutored Kim Jong Il, bitterly criticized the North Korean government after his 1997 defection. North Korea called him a traitor and “human scum.” He died six months after the arrests at the age of 87.
First Published: Feb 15, 2017 15:53 IST
Extra Time: Chelsea appears to be Hulking up after Brazilian thanks Blues fans for no reason
Porto striker, thought to be close to sealing a move to Stamford Bridge, has a special message for fans before seeing what his prospective team-mates are up to on Twitter
used Twitter to keep everyone guessing where he might move for weeks before plumping for
The Brazilian is reportedly close to sealing a move to the Blues, joining the Belgian as Roman Abramovich looks to build on last season's Champions League success.
Porto's top scorer Tweeted: "Thanks to all Chelsea fans, the beautiful messages of support! And I'm sorry for my english hahahah."
If that was not enough, Hulk smashed all mystique around the deal by immediately following Hazard on Twitter as well as the Blues' Spanish schemer, Juan Mata.
The Brazilian also signed up to updates from a Chelsea supporter's page, chiefly involved with creating and sharing the latest chants to quietly murmur loudly ring out around Stamford Bridge.
In Hulk's defence, on the basis of just the one tweet, his English would appear to be better than John 'We're done really well' Terry's.
Welcome to the Premier League Mr. Hulk! Eden Hazard used Twitter to keep everyone guesses where he might move for weeks before plumping for Chelsea , but Hulk has not quite managed the same subtlety ahead of a possible transfer to Stamford Bridge.The Brazilian is reportedly close to sealing a move to the Blues, joining the Belgian as Roman Abramovich looks to build on last season's Champions League success.Porto's top scorer Tweeted: "Thanks to all Chelsea fans, the beautiful messages of support! And I'm sorry for my english hahahah."If that was not enough, Hulk smashed all mystique around the deal by immediately following Hazard on Twitter as well as the Blues' Spanish schemer, Juan Mata.The Brazilian also signed up to updates from a Chelsea supporter's page, chiefly involved with creating and sharing the latest chants toloudly ring out around Stamford Bridge.In Hulk's defence, on the basis of just the one tweet, his English would appear to be better than John 'We're done really well' Terry's.Welcome to the Premier League Mr. Hulk!
OSLO (Reuters) - A kind of rock that often contains diamonds has been found in Antarctica for the first time, hinting at mineral riches in the vast, icy continent — where mining is banned.
No diamonds were found, but researchers said they were confident the gems were there.
“It would be very surprising if there weren't diamonds in these kimberlites,” Greg Yaxley of the Australian National University in Canberra, who led the research, said in a telephone interview.
Writing in the journal Nature Communications, an Australian-led team reported finding the kimberlite deposits around Mount Meredith, in the Prince Charles Mountains in East Antarctica. Kimberlite is a rare rock where diamonds are often found; it is named after the South African town of Kimberley, the site of a late 19th-century diamond rush.
That does not mean Antarctica will soon see its own diamond rush. Antarctica is not only forbiddingly cold and remote but also protected by a treaty that preserves the continent for scientific research and wildlife, from penguins to seals. The 1991 environmental accord banned mining for at least 50 years.
“I don't think it's terribly practical that anyone could actually explore successfully and, personally, I hope that mining does not take place,” Yaxley said.
Others geologists doubted the find held much commercial value. Less than 10 percent of the deposits of similar kimberlite are economically viable, said Teal Riley of the British Antarctic Survey. “It's a big leap from here to mining,” he told Reuters.
EXTENDED BAN
The Antarctic Treaty is binding only on its 50 signatories, but it has the backing of major powers, including the United States and China. Many expect the ban on mining to be extended in 2041.
“There is likely to be little opposition to an extension of this prohibition, despite the potential discovery of a new type of Antarctic ‘ice',” Nature Communications said in a statement.
But another expert said the future was not so clear. Gold, platinum, copper, iron and coal have also been found in Antarctica. And diamonds are already mined today in some of the world's colder reaches of northern Canada and Siberia.
“We do not know what the Treaty parties' views will be on mining after 2041 or what technologies might exist that could make extraction of Antarctic minerals economically viable,” said Kevin Hughes, of the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research.
Riley said there was a fine line between geological mapping and prospecting with an eye to mining. Russia, Ukraine and China, among other countries, have been more active in surveying Antarctica in recent years.
And demand for diamonds is likely to outpace supply in coming years. Few new mines are being discovered to provide the newly wealthy in countries such as China with Western-style jewellery. The last major find was Rio Tint's Murrow mine in Zimbabwe in 1997.
Diamonds are formed under immense heat and pressure around 100 miles down, in the molten rock of Earth's mantle. Millions of years later, they are brought to the surface in powerful eruptions and preserved in the distinctive igneous rock formations called kimberlites.
The kimberlite deposit is also confirmation of how continents drift. The region of East Antarctica was once part of a continent known as Gondwanaland, connected to what is now Africa and India, which also have kimberlite.
For a link to the report: dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms3921
A group of 15 Chinese nationals are accused of orchestrating a vast conspiracy to help foreign students cheat on standardized college entrance exams administered in the U.S., in what appears to be one of the more brazen testing-related scandals in the past decade, according to a federal grand jury indictment unsealed Thursday.
For the past four years, the defendants provided counterfeit Chinese passports to impostors, who then sneaked into testing centers, mostly in western Pennsylvania, where they took the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT), the Graduate Record Examination (GRE), or the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), while claiming to be someone else, according to the indictment.
It's unclear how many students used these fraudulent test scores to gain admission to American colleges and universities, and to therefore illegally obtain F1 Student Visas.
“These students were not only cheating their way into the university, they were also cheating their way through our nation's immigration system,” said special agent John Kelleghan of Homeland Security Investigations in Philadelphia. “HSI will continue to protect our nation's borders and work with our federal law enforcement partners to seek out those committing transnational crimes and bring them to justice.”
A federal grand jury in Pittsburgh issued an indictment on May 21 on 35 charges, including conspiracy, counterfeiting foreign passports, and defrauding the Educational Testing Services (ETS) and the College Board, according to U.S. Attorney David J. Hickton for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
If the defendants are found guilty, they face a maximum total sentence of 20 years in prison and hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines.
Write to Haley Sweetland Edwards at haley.edwards@time.com.
Russian tourist arrivals into Turkey skyrocket by 1.384 percent in May
ANKARA/ISTANBUL
The number of Russian tourists visiting Turkey soared by 1.384 percent in May compared to the same month last year, pushing up total foreign arrivals to the country, official data showed on June 29.According to data released by the Tourism Ministry, 608,472 Russians visited Turkey in May, even higher than pre-jet crisis figures back in May 2015, thanks to the normalization in bilateral ties between Ankara and Moscow.The number of foreign arrivals into Turkey surged by 16.3 percent to 2.89 million in May, after a tough year in which the country's tourism sector was hit badly due to a series of bomb attacks, a diplomatic crisis with Russia and a failed coup attempt.Arrivals from Europe, however, continued to decline in May, as around 1.1 million Europeans visited Turkey in May, marking a year-on-year decrease of around 20 percent, the ministry data showed.In the first five months of the year, a total of 8.8 million foreigners visited Turkey, a 5.5 percent increase compared to the same period of 2016.In May, Russia became the top tourist market for Turkey, with a 21 percent share in total arrivals. Russia was followed by Germany, which took 10.2 percent share in total arrivals, and Georgia, which had an 8.1 percent share.They were followed by Britain and Bulgaria, according to the ministry data.In May, the number of arrivals from Germany, once Turkey's top tourism market, saw a 31 percent year-on-year decrease, falling to 295,007.Hotel occupancy rates across Turkey also surged to 61.5 percent in May with an 8.3 percent year-on-year increase, according to STR Global data released by TÜROB on June 24. However, revenue from these arrivals fell in the same period.The occupancy rates rose to 55.4 percent in the first five months of the year, with a 6.3 percent year-on-year increase, but hotel revenues fell as average hotel room prices plummeted by 23 percent to 60.1 euros.In May, hotel occupancy rates in Istanbul rose by 15.7 percent to 64.4 percent, but the city's hotels remained the cheapest in Europe.
World's biggest pilgrimage now underway, and why you've never heard of it!
It's not the Muslim Hajj, or the Hindu Kumbh Mela.. Known as Arbaeen, it is the world's most populous gathering and you've probably never heard of it! Not only does the congregation exceed the number of visitors to Mecca (by a factor of five, in fact), it is more significant than Kumbh Mela, since the latter is only held every third year.
In short, Arbaeen dwarfs every other rally on the planet, reaching twenty million last year. That is a staggering %60 of Iraq's entire population, and it is growing year after year.
Above all, Arbaeen is unique because it takes place against the backdrop of chaotic and dangerous geopolitical scenes. Daesh (aka ‘Islamic State') sees the Shia as their mortal enemy, so nothing infuriates the terror group more than the sight of Shia pilgrims gathering for their greatest show of faith.
There's another peculiar feature of Arbaeen. While it is a distinctively Shia spiritual exercise, Sunnis, even Christians, Yazidis, Zoroastrians, and Sabians partake in both the pilgrimage and serving of devotees. This is remarkable given the exclusive nature of religious rituals, and it could only mean one thing: people regardless of color or creed see Hussein as a universal, borderless, and meta-religious symbol of freedom and compassion.
Why you have never heard of it probably has to do with the fact that the press is concerned more with negative, gory, and sensationalized tabloids, than with positive, inspiring narratives, particularly when it comes to Islam. If a few hundred anti-immigration protestors take to the streets in London and they will make headlines.. The same level of airtime is awarded to a pro-democracy march in Hong Kong or an anti-Putin rally in Russia.. But a gathering of twenty million in obstreperous defiance of terror and injustice somehow fails even to make it into the TV news ticker! An unofficial media embargo is imposed on the gargantuan event despite the story having all the critical elements of an eye-catching feature; the staggering numbers, the political significance, the revolutionary message, the tense backdrop, as well as originality.. But when such a story does make it through the editorial axe of major news outlets, it creates shockwaves and touches the most random people.
Among the countless individuals inspired by it, is a young Australian man I met several years ago who had converted to Islam. Evidently, no one takes such a life-altering decision lightly, so upon inquiry he told me it all started in 2003. One evening, as he was watching the news only to be drawn by scenes of millions streaming towards a holy city known as Karbala, chanting the name of a man he had never heard of: “Hussein”. For the first time in decades, in a globally televised event, the world had caught an glimpse into previously suppressed religious fervor in Iraq.
With the Sunni Ba'athist regime toppled, Western viewers were eager to see how Iraqis would respond to a new era free from dictatorship persecution. The ‘Republic of Fear' had crumbled and the genie had irreversibly escaped from the bottle. “Where is Karbala, and why is everyone heading in its direction?” he recalls asking himself. “Who is this Hussein who motivates people to defy all the odds and come out to mourn his death fourteen centuries after the fact?”
What he witnessed in that 60-second report was especially moving because the imagery was unlike any he had ever seen. A fervent sense of connection turned human pilgrims into iron filings, swarming together other as they drew closer to what could only be described as Hussein's irresistible magnetic field. “If you want to see a living, breathing, lively religion, come to Karbala” he said.
How could a man who was killed 1396 years ago be so alive and have such a palpable presence today that he makes millions take up his cause, and view his plight as their own? People are unlikely to be drawn into a dispute (much less one that transpired in ancient times) unless they have a personal interest in the matter. On the other hand, if you felt someone was engaged in a fight over your right to freedom, your prerogative to be treated justly, and your entitlement to a life of dignity, you would feel you had a vested interest and would empathize with him to the point where conversion to his beliefs is not a far-fetched possibility.
The Ultimate Tragedy
Hussein, grandson of the Prophet Muhammad, is revered by Muslims as the “Prince of Martyrs”. He was killed in Karbala on a day which became known as Ashura, the tenth day of the Islamic month of Muharram, having refused to pledge allegiance to the corrupt and tyrannical caliph, Yazid.
He and his family and companions were surrounded in the desert by an army of 30,000, starved of food and water, then beheaded in the most macabre manner, a graphic tale recounted from pulpits every year since the day he was slain. Their bodies were mutilated. In the words of the English historian Edward Gibbon: “In a distant age and climate, the tragic scene of the death of Hussein will awaken the sympathy of the coldest reader.”
Shia Muslims have since mourned the death of Hussein, in particular on the days of Ashura, then, forty days later, on Arbaeen. Forty days is the usual length of mourning in many Muslim traditions. This year, Arba'een falls on Friday 12 December.
Long Trek
I travelled to Karbala, my own ancestral home, to find out for myself why the city is so intoxicating. What I witnessed proved to me that even the widest-angle camera lens is too narrow to capture the spirit of this tumultuous, yet peaceful gathering.
An avalanche of men, women and children, but most visibly black-veiled women, fill the eye from one end of the horizon to the other.The crowds were so huge that they caused a blockade for hundreds of miles.
The 425 mile distance between the southern port city of Basra and Karbala is a long journey by car, but it's unimaginably arduous on foot. It takes pilgrims a full two weeks to complete the walk. People of all age groups trudge in the scorching sun during the day and in bone-chilling cold at night. They travel across rough terrain, down uneven roads, through terrorist strongholds, and dangerous marshlands. Without even the most basic amenities or travel gear, the pilgrims carry little besides their burning love for “The Master” Hussein. Flags and banners remind them, and the world, of the purpose of their journey:
O self, you are worthless after Hussein.
My life and death are one and the same,
So be it if they call me insane!
The message recalls an epic recited by Abbas, Hussein's half-brother and trusted lieutenant, who was also killed in the Battle of Karbala in 680AD while trying to fetch water for his parched nieces and nephews. With security being in the detrimental state that makes Iraq the number one headline in the world, no one doubts that this statement is genuine in every sense.
Free lunch.. And dinner, and breakfast!
One part of the pilgrimage which will leave every visitor perplexed is the sight of thousands of tents with makeshift kitchens set up by local villagers who live around the pilgrims' path. The tents (called ‘mawkeb') are places where pilgrims get practically everything they need. From fresh meals to eat and a space to rest, to free international phone calls to assure concerned relatives, to baby diapers, to practically every other amenity, free of charge. In fact, pilgrims do not need to carry anything on the 400 mile journey except the clothes they wear.
More intriguing is how pilgrims are invited for food and drink. Mawkeb organizers intercept the pilgrims' path to plead with them to accept their offerings, which often includes a full suite of services fits for kings: first you can a foot massage, then you are offered a delicious hot meal, then you are invited to rest while your clothes are washed, ironed, then returned to you after a nap. All complimentary, of course.
For some perspective, consider this: In the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake, and with worldwide sympathy and support, the UN World Food Programme announceddelivery of half a million meals at the height of its relief efforts.. The United States military, launched Operation Unified Response, bringing together the massive resources of various federal agencies and announced that within five months of the humanitarian catastrophe, 4.9 million meals had been delivered to Haitians. Now compare that with over 50 million meals per day during Arbaeen, equating to about 700 million meals for the duration of the pilgrimage, all financed not by the United Nations or international charities, but by poor laborers and farmers who starve to feed the pilgrims and save up all year round so that visitors are satisfied. Everything, including security is provided mostly by volunteer fighters who have one eye on Daesh, and another on protecting the pilgrim's path. “To know what Islam teaches,” says one Mawkeb organizer, “don't look at the actions of a few hundred barbaric terrorists, but the selfless sacrifices exhibited by millions of Arbaeen pilgrims.”
In fact, Arbaeen should be listed in the Guinness Book of World Records in several categories: biggest annual gathering, the longest continuous dining table, the largest number of people fed for free, the largest group of volunteers serving a single event, all under the imminent threat of suicide bombings.
Unmatched Devotion
Just looking at the multitudes leaves you breathless. What adds to the spectacle is that, as the security conditions worsen, even more people are motivated to challenge the terrorist threats and march in defiance. Thus, the pilgrimage isn't a mere religious exercise, but a bold statement of resistance. Videos have been posted online showing how a suicide bomber blows himself up in the midst of the pilgrims, only to have the crowds turn out in even greater numbers, chanting in unison:
If they sever our legs and hands,
We shall crawl to the Holy Lands!
The horrific bomb blasts which occur year-round, mostly targeting Shia pilgrims and taking countless lives, illustrate the dangers facing Shias living in Iraq, and the insecurity that continues to plague the country. Yet the imminent threat of death doesn't seem to deter people – young and old, Iraqis and foreigners – from making the dangerous journey to the holy city.
It isn't easy for an outsider to understand what inspires the pilgrims. You see women carrying children in their arms, old men in wheelchairs, people on crutches, and blind seniors holding walking sticks. I met a father who had travelled all the way from Basra with his disabled boy. The 12-year-old had cerebral palsy and could not walk unassisted. So for a part of the trek the father put the boy's feet on top of his and held him by the armpits as they walked. It is the kind of story out of which Oscar-winning films are made, but it seems Hollywood is more concerned with comic heroes and with real life heroes whose superpower is their courage and commitment.
Golden Dome of Hussein
Visitors to the shrine of Hussein and his brother Abbas are not driven by emotion alone. They cry be reminded of the atrocious nature of his death, in doing so, they reaffirm their pledge to his ideals.
The first thing that pilgrims do upon reaching his shrine is recited the Ziyara, a sacred text which summarizes the status of Hussein. In it, they begin the address by calling Hussein the “inheritor” of Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus. There is something profound in making this proclamation. It shows that Hussein's message of truth, justice, and love for the oppressed is viewed as an inseparable extension of all divinely-appointed prophets.
People go to Karbala not to marvel at the city's landscape – lush with date palms, or to admire the mausoleum's physical beauty, or to shop, be entertained, or to visit ancient historical sites. They go to cry. To mourn and experience the angelic aura of Hussein. They enter the sacred shrine weeping and lamenting the greatest act of sacrifice ever seen.
It is as though every person has established a personal relationship with the man they have never seen. They talk to him and call out his name; they grip the housing of his tomb; they kiss the floor leading into the shrine; they touch its walls and doors in the same manner one touches the face of a long-lost friend. It is a picturesque vista of epic proportions. What motivates these people is something that requires an understanding of the character and status of Imam Hussein and the spiritual relationship that those who have come to know him have developed with his living legend.
If the world understood Hussein, his message, and his sacrifice, they would begin to understand the ancient roots of Daesh and its credo of death and destruction. It was centuries ago in Karbala that humanity witnessed the genesis of senseless monstrosities, epitomized in the murderers of Hussein. It was pitch black darkness v. Absolute shining light, an exhibition of vice v. a festival of virtue, hence the potent specter of Hussein today. His presence is primordially woven into every facet of their lives. His legend encourages, inspires, and champions change for the better, and no amount of media blackout can extinguish its light.
“Who is this Hussein”? For hundreds of millions of his followers, a question this profound, which can cause people to relinquish their religion for another, can be answered only when you have marched to the shrine of Hussein on foot.
This article was written by Sayed Mahdi al-Modarresi for Huffington Post on Nov. 24, 2015. He is Faith leader, Theology Lecturer, Author of Upcoming ‘Why Muslims Are Weird, and Some Downright Crazy'
Party strategists are pinning hopes on resurgence in former heartland, where party lost all 10 of its seats in last election
The picture-postcard villages in the Blackdown Hills are not normally the scene of political upheaval, but this corner of south-west England could be the scene of an unlikely political revival for the Liberal Democrats.
The countryside electorate here on the Somerset-Devon border are historically staunchly Conservative, but just before Christmas the Lib Dem Ross Henley took 71% of the vote with a swing of more than 40% from the Tories in a Taunton Deane borough council byelection with a respectable local turnout.
“To be honest I thought we would run the Tories close, I never ever dreamt we would get this vote,” Henley laughed, sitting in the tiny village shop cafe. “But now morale is really high. People helped in this byelection from all over the country.”
The liberal fightback starts now. Can the Lib Dems lead it? | Jackie Ashley Read more
Lib Dem strategists are pinning their hopes for rebuilding after the dire results in 2015 on a resurgence in the south-west, their former heartland, where the party lost all 10 of its seats in the last election. Since then, the party has been quietly notching up its best council byelection results in 20 years, with a net gain of 28 seats compared with net losses for Labour of four seats, Ukip of three and the Conservatives of 33 seats.
On paper, this part of the country does not look like a happy hunting ground for the fervently pro-remain party, because of the high number of leave voters in the south-west. Yet more than half of those byelections gains were in the West Country, most recently in Taunton and Teignbridge in early December, with the seats all seeing swings upwards of 20%.
Henley, who is also the county councillor, said he thought local leave voters had still backed him because of a personal relationship, but that his party was consistently winning over Tory remainers. “People did actually want to talk about Brexit on the doorstep,” he said.
“It seems to be redefining British politics in the same way the Scottish referendum did, it completely shook up the way people voted. Parties that have a muddled view on the big issues of the day generally tend to struggle. And we know where we stand.”
Paul Hodgkinson, the leader of the Lib Dems on Gloucestershire county council, said the party was already showing it could take seats even in some of the darkest blue areas of the country. The local party won the Stow-on-the-Wold council byelection in September with a swing of 21%, taking around 65% of the vote from the seat that houses typically Tory Cotswold villages.
“Local council byelections have seen our vote surge. Stow-on-the-Wold was Conservative since time immemorial but we took it with a massive swing,” Hodgkinson said. “On the ground, soft Conservative voters are not happy.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Councillor Ross Henley in the village of Churchinford. Photograph: Adrian Sherratt for the Guardian
There are 17 key Tory seats where the majority of voters backed remain and Lib Dems are already in second place, such as Lewes, Bath, Cheltenham, Cheadle, Oxford West and Abingdon, according to research by the thinktank UK in a Changing Europe.
Gavin Grant, the 61-year-old chair of western counties Liberal Democrats, has spent time since the referendum studying key areas for the 2017 local elections. “Everyone says the south-west was very strongly anti-EU, but it wasn't,” he insisted. “It's simply not true. We have analysed the box counts, not just the regions. Outside of London, this was one of the strongest regions for remain in England.”
The area has some places which look more promising for the Lib Dems than others. The Cotswolds as a whole narrowly went for remain in the referendum, though the local Conservative MP Geoffrey Clifton-Brown campaigned for Brexit. Cheltenham, which was held by the Lib Dems until 2015, recorded a strong remain vote. But the other end of the county was far stronger for leave, in such places as Tewkesbury.
Prof Glen O'Hara, an expert on political history and polling at Oxford Brookes University, said a Lib Dem revival had limitations, especially in Conservative seats with Theresa May's party polling so high. Even after high-profile success in the Richmond Park byelection, national polling for the Lib Dems has on the whole been stubbornly below double figures, apart from one or two polls that had them at between 12% and 14%.
According to Fabian Society analysis this week, Labour has lost as many votes to the Liberal Democrats as it has to the two rightwing, pro-Brexit parties combined. However, the projections also suggest that even if the Lib Dems were to massively exceed expectations to match Labour's support, with each party taking 20% of the vote, the Lib Dems would only win 26 seats compared with Labour's 143.
“Lib Dem recovery was always going to be spotty and uncertain,” O'Hara said. “Going after remain as hard as they can is a good strategy. There are lots of remainers everywhere – even in Copeland [the Cumbrian seat recently vacated by Labour's Jamie Reed], which was according to the best figures, 60% leave. That's a lot more votes than you've got already when you're on 10% in the national polls.”
Even in places where leave was strongest, such as Yeovil and rural south Somerset, Grant says the party believes there are enough angry remain voters to take back parliamentary seats. “Our research shows around half of the remain vote see this issue as the single most important issue,” he said.
He believes the party now also has a good chance of winning Wiltshire county council in 2017, which would mean taking more than 20 Conservative seats. “It's a tall order but we are motivated and people are out doing the work in a way I have not seen for years.”
Lib Dem membership, now roughly 80,000, has gone up by about 26,000 since the referendum, with approximately 3,000 of those in the south-west. Ryan Hemmings, a 26-year-old conveyancer is one of the party's new members in Yeovil. “I'd have called myself a bit of a Tory boy before, probably until the referendum and the aftermath,” he said.
“It was the Tory conference that really put me off – the economy was the most important thing to me. And instead they used it as a platform to talk about companies listing foreigners.”
One of the most high-profile defectors from the Conservatives has been councillor Amanda Broom, who previously worked for Conservative MP Marcus Fysh, but quit her job and her party to join the Lib Dems in April last year.
“I thought it would be the job of my dreams,” she said. “But within two months I started to realise there was a very big difference between myself and the Conservatives and feel very uncomfortable. [Former party leader] Paddy Ashdown warned me to pull on my tin hat and said that I would get a lot of criticism. But I had over 200 letters and emails saying they understood.”
Her next target is a Ukip-held seat in the county council elections where the Lib Dems had previously come third. “Yes, we can win,” she said. “Half the time it is about the people who can get things done, and that's definitely something I'll be playing on.”
The party has also held a parliamentary candidate selection blitz since the referendum – fearing a snap general election – so many candidates for 2020 seats have already been selected to try to win back those lost in 2015.
Many of them are a new generation of activists, rather than experienced parliamentarians returning. Taunton Deane's Lib Dem candidate, Gideon Amos, said he had been active in the party in his 20s, but then decided to get fully involved again as he saw the 2015 defeat approaching. “2016 has been a very disturbing year for anyone who is a liberal,” he said. “We are changing our strategy to talk to people who are down on our canvassing records as having always voted Tory. They want to talk to us.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gideon Amos, Taunton Deane's Lib Dem candidate. Photograph: Adrian Sherratt for the Guardian
Amos, who will need a swing of 14% to take the seat back, said even leave voters were angered by the lack of information about the plan for Brexit. “People say to me all the time that it's all a mess. When I ask them what they think about politics, everyone mentions Brexit even though I don't bring it up. So when you say our position is that the deal should be available to look at, to vote on, it's not [unpopular].”
Daisy Benson, the party's candidate in Ashdown's former seat in Yeovil, said the party was right to throw everything it could at even the smallest byelections. “I care about social justice and inequality but I also think that if you don't win elections, you can't do much about it,” she said. “When I was lead councillor for housing in Reading, I could actually change things.”
Behind the counter in North Perott farm shop, deep in south Somerset, where Benson is hoping to unseat the Conservative MP Fysh, the shop's owner, Jonathan Hoskyns, said Conservative campaigners “carpeted the place” during the 2015 campaign with warnings about a Labour-SNP coalition government.
“David Laws [the then Lib Dem MP] was in government and we didn't see much of him until I think his party realised it was too late,” he said. “They are more prepared now. Paddy Ashdown was a Marmite character but well respected. But this area has been Conservative before 2015, it does switch hands.
In Taunton town centre, where the referendum vote was about 59% leave, some locals appeared unready to commit to backing the party again. Retired engineer Jim Cawston, 75, said he had voted to leave but had previously voted Lib Dem and would not rule out doing so again.
“I saw the money we sent [to the EU] and the council here's bankrupt,” he said. “But to be honest with you, no one seems to know what they are doing now.”
However, Georgina, a 22-year-old student visiting her native Somerset for the Christmas break, said she believed the referendum had politicised a lot of younger voters. “Yeah I do feel angry [about Brexit],” she said. “I do have a lot of friends who have said they would just definitely vote for a remain party, whoever it was.”
Benson said she believed that whatever people now thought of the party, the referendum had given it a clear reason to continue to exist. “People would slam the door in your face in 2011 and say: ‘You lied, you broke your promises,'” she said.
“Now, if you are concerned about Brexit, it's very clear you can talk to us. All the time we used to get: ‘We don't know what you stand for.' I don't think we're going to get that anymore.”
The vast majority of illegal aliens shielded by an Obama-created temporary amnesty program are adults over the age of 21-years-old, new federal data reveals.
Despite constant rhetoric from the mainstream media and pro-immigration politicians that nearly 800,000 illegal aliens shielded from deportation and given work permits under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program are “kids” and “children,” data from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) finds that 72 percent of DACA recipients are 21-years-old or older.
As Pew Research Center analyzed, the average age of DACA recipients is 24-years-old, far from the young age that Democrat and Republican establishment politicians like Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) have made the group of illegal aliens out to be.
The majority of DACA recipients, 37 percent, are between the age of 21 and 25-years-old, while another 24 percent are 26 to 30-years-old. More than 10 percent of DACA recipients are between the age of 31 and 36-years-old.
Both political establishments, corporate interest and the open borders lobby have been successful in labeling DACA recipients as mere children, with even President Trump touting the falsehood, calling the DACAs “incredible kids.”
Trump's administration, via Attorney General Jeff Sessions, has said it will ultimately end DACA. With that announcement, though, has come a barrage of amnesty legislation from Democrats and the GOP establishment, where more than 3.3 million illegal aliens could receive a pathway to U.S. citizenship.
Any amnesty of illegal alien DACA recipients could result in not only a surge of hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens at the U.S.-Mexico border, but also a spike in chain migration, where four to eight million foreign nationals could get legal entry to the U.S., as Breitbart News reported.
Most recently, a former USCIS official said the DACA “fraud rate is 40 to 50 percent,” as Breitbart News reported.
By a nearly 2 to 1 margin, Americans support the notion of striking a deal with Iran that restricts the nation's nuclear program in exchange for loosening sanctions, a new Washington Post-ABC News poll finds.
But the survey — released hours before Tuesday's negotiating deadline — also finds few Americans are hopeful that such an agreement will be effective. Nearly six in 10 say they are not confident that a deal will prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons, unchanged from 15 months ago, when the United States, France, Britain, Germany, China and Russia reached an interim agreement with Iran aimed at sealing a long-term deal.
Overall, the poll finds 59 percent support an agreement in which the United States and its negotiating partners lift major economic sanctions in exchange for restrictions on Iran's nuclear program. Thirty-one percent oppose a deal.
[Explore all of the poll questions and the full results]
Support outpaces opposition across nearly all demographic and political groups, with liberals (seven in 10) and Democrats (two-thirds) the most supportive. At least six in 10 independents and moderates also back the broad idea of a deal with Iran.
Republicans are about evenly divided on an Iran deal, with 47 percent in support and 43 percent opposed. The split contrasts with Republican lawmakers' widespread backing of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech deriding the potential deal in early March before a joint meeting of lawmakers. Additionally, all but seven Republican senators signed a letter to Iran's leadership warning that Congress or a future president could override any agreement made by the Obama administration.
[Netanyahu says U.S. is on verge of ‘bad deal' with Iran over nuclear program]
Popular sentiment among Republicans is more in line with GOP lawmakers on the issue of whether Congress should be required to authorize any deal with Iran. A Pew Research Center survey released Monday found 62 percent of the public believes Congress, not President Obama, should have final authority over approving a nuclear agreement with Iran.
Republican Sen. Bob Corker (Tenn.), the Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman, and other lawmakers are building bipartisan support for a bill that would require Obama to submit an Iran agreement for congressional approval blocking the removal of sanctions on the Islamic republic for 60 days. The bill would require a veto-proof majority to force Obama's hand.
Americans' views on Iran have been shaped by deep worry over the prospect that it could develop nuclear weapons but also a hesitance to employ military force in an attempt to prevent that outcome. A February Gallup poll found more than three-quarters of the public thinks the development of nuclear weapons by Iran would pose a “critical threat” to the United States over the next 10 years. Yet fewer than three in 10 said Iran's nuclear program — which it insists is for peaceful purposes — requires military action now in a CBS News poll last week; more than four in 10 said the threat can be contained for now and just under two in 10 said Iran is not currently a threat.
[Fact-checking Obama's reference to “unprecedented” nuclear inspections]
National telephone polls have found varying support for the notion of a deal with Iran, with surveys surrounding the late 2013 deal ranging from 44 percent to 64 percent support surveying voters or adults.
The latest Post-ABC poll's 59 percent closely mirrors a February survey by the independent Program for Public Consultation. The survey, which provided respondents with detailed briefings approved by congressional staff from both parties, found 61 percent preferring to make a deal with Iran that allows limited uranium enrichment over ramping up sanctions to push for a complete end to Iran's nuclear program.
The Post-ABC survey finds that even those with limited hopes of a fruitful agreement are open to a deal. Support crests above 80 percent among respondents who are at least “somewhat” confident a deal will stop Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. But even among those who are “not so confident” about an agreement succeeding, two in three support a deal. Only among those who are not confident at all about stopping Iran does opposition rise to a majority, though even here, 31 percent support a deal.
While polls find support for Obama's approach of negotiating toward an agreement, he receives negative marks for dealing with Iran overall. The CBS News poll found 38 percent approving of his handling of relations with Iran, significantly worse than his overall job rating.
The Post-ABC poll was conducted March 26 to 29 among a random national sample of 1,003 adults interviewed by telephone, including 335 cellphone-only respondents. The overall margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
Read more
See: The Washington Post-ABC News poll
Fact-checking Obama's reference to “unprecedented” nuclear inspections
A framework? A deal? The semantics of the talks.
Photo: HBO
HBO's Big Little Lies has earned acclaim for its cast, its narrative, and even its real estate, but there's still another signature component of the mini-series that deserves recognition: its music. Music supervisor Sue Jacobs and director Jean-Marc Vallée approached the soundtrack with the intent of starkly juxtaposing gorgeous, sunny Monterey Bay with the series' dark narrative, which ultimately led to a hearty mix of soul and blues tunes. (Not to mention, Big Little Lies' children having the most refined musical tastes in recent television history.) Last Thursday, Vulture spoke with Jacobs about how they shaped the show's tense musical identity, why the soundtrack resonates with viewers, and the genius of Vallée.
Walk me through your creative process with Jean-Marc Vallée.
I like to say I'm the Ginger Rogers and Jean-Marc's the Fred Astaire. The first time that we worked together was on Wild, and I didn't know him at all. I had previously seen Crazy, and when I was done watching it, I couldn't understand why he wanted me as a supervisor because I thought he was better at being me than me. He's a director who really understands and knows what he wants in terms of music and the collaboration between music and film. When I worked with him for a while, I realized that our music tastes are so similar and we bounce off each other really well. We're in the same pocket. He'll pull up potential song selections and I'll be like, No, we can't use that, I put that in American Hustle and I put this in Silver Linings Playbook.
He goes in knowing that he doesn't want a composer. He likes working with me in that way — throw me a bunch of this and I'll throw you a bunch of that. He also knows when he needs an edge or something romantic, because he's telling his story through music and controls it that way. It's an incredible ton of work to work with him, but I love it and I feel really passionate supporting this vision. Just like how Jackson Pollock uses paint, Jean-Marc uses music. Before he starts shooting, he thinks which characters are going to be the device for the score. In Big Little Lies, which wasn't in the book, that young girl always has an iPod. So that's an example of how you'll see that in a lot of his work. That's what he uses, that's his device for the score. It's very unnerving for people. Some executives are like, You gotta get a composer. But he likes working this way and I love working this way, too.
Wow. To say you two have a great working relationship is a understatement.
We really have a good time. I learned when I started working with him that you're always working with budgets and realities. For example, halfway through production I realized, Oh my God, he's got the intro to this really expensive Elvis Presley song, but we never actually get to the Elvis part. Whaaaat? But then you learn it's deeper than that. Jean-Marc started as a DJ, and I think you're seeing an artist that combines these sensibilities. He always knew going into Big Little Lies that he didn't want a composer. It's funny — we're going into this new series and all of these producers are having heart attacks. It's like, Just go look at his other work, it's going to be fine, we'll get there.
Related Stories Why Big Little Lies Shouldn't Be Dismissed As Escapist Fare
How would you define the show's musical identity, and how did you two work together to create it?
It's all about tension, the whole push and pull of all of the music as a counterpoint. Big Little Lies is dark and has a very dark story at its core. Yet on the surface, it all looks so beautiful. The way that Jean-Marc moves the camera and the way that the music gets painted around is so much about using songs as a story. That's why Chloe [the young girl] is always carrying an iPod. Jean-Marc knows from the script, This is what I'm going to do. Then it's about supporting the cuts and supporting the story. It's really using source as a score in a way that most people don't do, and I think that's why people are getting so excited by the music. We even got an offer for a soundtrack album, which you never get with a series. I'm the facilitator to somebody that is really masterful with how he uses the music, and that's why people I believe are curious about it.
Why else do you think the music resonates with viewers?
It's because they're really connecting and feeling the songs so much more emotionally. They're feeling it through the characters — in one of the scenes, Reese Witherspoon's character flat-out says, “This is a such a beautiful song.” Suddenly, people hear these songs so differently. It's rough! People are experiencing these songs through the characters. That's what I think is going on. It's that internal voice, right?
I was impressed with the children's sophisticated music tastes. How was it decided that they'd be into David Bowie, Leon Bridges, and Alabama Shakes?
These characters are in there as a device, because that music isn't in the book. That's where you really have to think like, Here's a director that doesn't want to use a composer. He wants to score all of his films with preexisting music. So he creates all of these situations so he can score it. I think the only “baby” thing in there is the Otter Bay School song. Jean-Marc and I wrote the lyrics to that! It was the hardest thing ever. [Laughs.] We sat there toying around and realizing that children's songs are hard. It took us about four or five days to come up with those lyrics. That's the only kids' song in the whole series. Everything else is really there as this device; Jean-Marc has already built in some way to get the score that he needs. He creates it so we can use these characters to score the show.
I noticed a few musical motifs that specifically coincide with each woman. Did you always want to create an instrumental identity for each of the main characters?
In a sense, yes. The character that Jean-Marc is clearest with is Jane. She has all of the trauma, and we really feel her trauma through the music that she listens to. We use Agnes Obel's “September Song” several times throughout the series, that piano medley. That's very much Reese's heartbreak. We see that right at the beginning when she's sitting at the piano and has a terrible fight with her older daughter, and then Chloe comes in and they start to play. Overall, it's really about loss.
I think Michael Kiwanuka's “Cold Little Heart” is such a beautiful song for the opening title sequence. How did you pick it, and how does it set the tone for the series?
That was a tough one, to be honest, because it was initially used in all of the marketing. So you think, Do we want to use it again? It was a song that Jean-Marc really related to. We looked at a lot of other ones and that one just jumped out: St. Paul and the Broken Bones. Leon Bridges. All of those colors are all very much the same. They thread throughout the whole series. We have these new soul singers that have incredibly beautiful voices, and they offer diversity. There are songs here that no one had ever heard of before, and then mixed together with Neil Young. You can't beat it.
The story takes place on the magical farm of Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in the secluded town of Manchester, Tennessee. It was the final day of the 4 day event in which a couple of friends and I volunteered to pickup trash after each day of the festival in the mornings. In exchange, we got to attend the festival free of charge along with being granted many amenities over the week such as free showers and meals. Over that extended weekend I saw LOLAWOLF, Goldlink, Cashmere Cat, Vince Staples, Flossstradamus, Tyler the Creator, Tame Impala, Death Cab for Cutie, and many other popular musicians. The band I had not mentioned was Dead and Company (The Grateful Dead with John Mayer) who were headlining the last day of the festival with a 4 hour set!
So that Sunday morning, I eagerly crawled out of my tent to begin my last full day on the farm. As we began our volunteer shift that morning we were assigned to clean up the aftermath of Pearl Jam's endless grunge set from the night before. This is what the average main stage crowd looked like so you can get an idea on how dirty a venue can get.
During my trash shift though, I noticed a particularly intriguing opportunity that I had once read and seen about in an MTV Documentary “No Cameras Allowed”. Though this film has since then been claimed as fake and unauthentic to the direction it leads its viewers, I took great inspiration behind Marcus Haney's documented adventures of sneaking backstage at festivals. I peeked over a short fence to get a better glance at what possible security I could run into if I continued to walk back along the edge of the pit for the stage. It appeared as if only a few irrelevant staff members were where I was headed so I quickly began walking as if I belonged behind the stage. As I began moving along backstage, I learned that security was much more relaxed in the mornings. I made it
directly behind the stage and began to wonder where I could possibly get to from where I was and who I could meet. I suddenly became alarmed by a couple of guards as they quickly began striding in my direction with a grimacing look on their faces. Instead of panicking, I just remained still like I belonged and was busy inspecting some random backstage item. I proceeded to take off my volunteer shirt and wrap it around my wrist containing my wristband that was much different from the other people I was around. As the guards moved past me, I decided that the broad daylight was probably not the best place for me to be hanging by myself and that I should get situated in a secluded area to get a plan together. I laid down underneath a random small bridge connecting two areas of backstage and began quietly giggling at the possibilities for the rest of the day. I had no clue what was going to happen or how long I could manage to stay backstage, but all I knew was that I was extremely hungry and thirsty having not eaten since the previous afternoon and it
was now around two or three o'clock. I walked over to a small white tent off to the side of the left wing of the stage and found a reasonable selection of healthy snacks and drinks. I sat down in the shade as sweat poured down my neck and back as the overwhelming, hot Tennessee Summer sun beamed down on me. Suddenly, I was approached by a man in all black who gave me a strange look. He spoke out to me with a crackling, raspy skater voice asking something along the lines of “Hey man who are you?” I quickly answered with the first response my scattering brain came up with. “I'm Tracey's friend.”I stated. “Tracey? Who is that?” he muttered in a questioning tone? “Oh you don't know the rapper, Goldlink? I am just used to calling him his real name. We went to high school together.” I quickly responded with a confident grin. I began to learn that the man I thought was security was actually a roadie traveling with a company that put on many festivals and he spent his time with them and doing all things set up and tear down for the many different shows. I began to use his knowledge of backstage festival areas to gain some insight on how I was going to manage to see any shows from the stage. As he began explaining all the rules and dynamics pertaining to the backstage environment of Bonnaroo, another man dressed similar to the roadies approached me. As he got closer I realized his appearance was much more significant then that of the roadies having a stage director credential wrapped around his neck. “Get back to working. I know its hot but we only got eight more hours of this hellhole and we're on to the next one.” he shouted directly at us. Then the question I was expecting arose again. “Who are you?” he sternly asked. I repeated to him the same backstory I had used to convince the roadie I was where I was supposed to be and to my surprise, the Tracey's friend story succeeded once again. The man shook my hand and politely greeted me again in an apologetic tone for approaching me in such a loud manner. He then told me to enjoy looking around stage and was on his way. I was set. I had now met many of the roadies and explained to them my real story of sneaking past security to get backstage with hopes of seeing Dead and Company from the best seats in the house in a couple of hours. They quickly rounded up some supplies for what they thought I would need to be convincing enough to remain on stage during such an important and exclusive performance. They gave me an all black outfit to match that of the rest of the stage equipment staff along with gloves and a name badge we had scavenged off of the singer Charles Bradley who had performed much earlier that day on the main stage. At eight o'clock finally rolled around, I slowly began merging onto the very far side of the stage. I continued to inch my way up to the technical booth in line with the performers place center stage. My good luck had not run out yet, and I managed to get
all the way out onto the stage without encountering any problems. I sat there in utter awe as Bob Weir and John Mayer slowly walked towards the two microphones waiting in the middle of the perfectly lit up, psychedelia influenced stage on top of many vintage rugs stacked along each other. The crowd full of Deadheads from all generations began to let out a ear-splitting roar of cheers for the rock legends as they began to strike the chords for the first song effortlessly. It was these next four hours where I spent my time mingling with members of the band's family and close friends, staff of Redbull Media House broadcasting the festival live, gave the female vocalist of The Grateful Dead, Donna Godchaux, a massage, and even played around with a remote controlled camera cable system ran by two brothers running their own film and media production company: Beacon Media Group. These guys are extremely cool and on a side note, I have more stories to come including them and a potential upcoming opportunity for Austin City Limits Music Festival. (Ryan and Kris if you're somehow reading this whats up lol) That night was the first time I got a glimpse into the life I dream for myself and will always be a reminder for me of what I want to accomplish in my life and who I want to be. There was absolutely nothing cooler than standing maybe 15 feet away from multiple iconic rock legends as they happily sang out the countless hits from over the years while the crowd harmonized in unison. It was a night I could never forget, and have hopes that I will be able to do this for a full time career soon enough shooting live music photography. Thanks for reading.
Peace and Love,
Colt
Advertisements
Tweet 0 Shares
We know Chinese is complex language but as we go ahead in our Learning Chinese series, we will talk more of logical side first which helps you learn some interesting characters which combines with various verbs and nouns to give different meanings and improves your daily life vocabulary level quickly.
Let me list out some cool characters which are very easy to learn and combining them with different other characters can give you a very logical meaning of the complete word. I love these two characters – Shàng （ 上 ）& Xià （ 下 ）, see the magic of Chinese with just combining these words with as many words leading to different meanings. Trying to compile as many word combinations for you start with you learning and remember easily.
1.Shàng （ 上 ）as first character
Actual meaning of 上 is on top/ upon / above / upper / previous / first ( of multiple parts ) / to climb / to go up / to attend ( class or university ) / to go to
Combing 上 with the below characters will give various meanings
上 (Shàng)＋ 班 （Bān ）＝ 上班 （ Going to work )
上 (Shàng) ＋楼 （Lóu ） ＝ 上楼 （ Going upstairs )
上 (Shàng) ＋ 课 （ kè ）＝ 上课（ Attending a class )
上 (Shàng)＋ 去 （ Qù ）＝ 上去（ to go up)
上 (Shàng)＋ 路（ Lù ）＝ 上路（ to go on the road)
上 (Shàng)＋ 车（ Chē）＝ 上车（ get into the car)
上 (Shàng)＋ 面 （ Miàn）＝ 上面 （ On the top of )
上 (Shàng)＋ 来（ Lái）＝ 上来（ to go up)
上 (Shàng ) ＋ 午（Wǔ）＝ 上午（ morning)
＋ 午（Wǔ）＝ 上午（ morning) 上 (Shàng ) ＋ 学（Xué）＝ 上学（ to go to school)
＋ 学（Xué）＝ 上学（ to go to school) 上 (Shàng ) ＋ 门（Mén）＝ 上门（ to drop in/ to visit)
＋ 门（Mén）＝ 上门（ to drop in/ to visit) 上 (Shàng)＋ 半（Bàn）＝ 上半（ first half)
Shàng （ 上 ）as second character
楼 （Lóu ）+上 (Shàng) ＝ 楼上（ in upstairs )
路（ Lù ）+ 上 (Shàng) = 路上（on the road)
早 （Zǎo ） ＋ 上 (Shàng) = 早上（Early Morning)
晚 （ Wǎn）＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝ 晚上 （Evening / night ）
桌子（Zhuōzi ）＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝ 桌子上 （on the table）
椅子 （Yǐzi）＋ ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝ 椅子上 （on the chair）
马 （ Mǎ ） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝ 马上 （ “on horse” but generally used for immediately / right away )
天（Tiān）＋ ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝天上 （on the sky ， actual meaning is celestial ／ heavenly）
台 （Tái ） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝台上 （ on the stage ）
街（Jiē） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝街上 （ on the street / in town）
加（Jiā） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝加上 （ Plus ／ to add）
海（Hǎi） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝海上 （ maritime）
网 （Wǎng） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝网上 （ online）
床 （Chuáng） ＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝床上 （ on the bed）
穿 （Chuān）＋ 上 (Shàng) ＝穿上 （ to wear）
2.Xià （下 ）as first character
Actual meaning of 下 is down / downwards / below / lower / later / next / second ( of two parts ) / to decline
Combing 下 with the below characters will give various meanings
下 (Xià )（下 ） ＋ 班 （Bān ）＝ 下班 （ Off work )
＋ 班 （Bān ）＝ 下班 （ Off work ) 下 (Xià ) ＋楼 （Lóu ）＝ 下楼 （ Going downstairs )
＋楼 （Lóu ）＝ 下楼 （ Going downstairs ) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 课 （ kè ）＝ 下课（ Getting off a class )
＋ 课 （ kè ）＝ 下课（ Getting off a class ) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 去 （Qù ）＝ 下去（ to go down)
＋ 去 （Qù ）＝ 下去（ to go down) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 路（ Lù ）＝ 下路（to get off the road)
＋ 路（ Lù ）＝ 下路（to get off the road) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 车（ Chē ）＝ 下车（ get off the car )
＋ 车（ Chē ）＝ 下车（ get off the car ) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 面 （ Miàn ） ＝ 下面 （ under/ below the ）
＋ 面 （ Miàn ） ＝ 下面 （ under/ below the ） 下 (Xià ) ＋ 来（ Lái）＝ 下来（ to go down)
＋ 来（ Lái）＝ 下来（ to go down) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 午（Wǔ）＝ 下午（ after noon)
＋ 午（Wǔ）＝ 下午（ after noon) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 台 （Tái） ＝ 下台（ off stage)
＋ 台 （Tái） ＝ 下台（ off stage) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 雪 （Xuě） ＝ 下雪（ snow fall)
＋ 雪 （Xuě） ＝ 下雪（ snow fall) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 雨 （Yǔ） ＝ 下雨（ raining)
＋ 雨 （Yǔ） ＝ 下雨（ raining) 下 (Xià ) ＋ 单（Dān） ＝ 下单（place an order )
＋ 单（Dān） ＝ 下单（place an order ) 下 (Xià)＋ 月（Yuè） ＝ 下月（next month )
Xià （下 ）as second character
楼 （Lóu ）+ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 楼下（ in downstairs )
＝ 楼下（ in downstairs ) 桌子（Zhuōzi ）＋ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 桌子下 （under the table）
＝ 桌子下 （under the table） 椅子 （Yǐzi）＋ ＋ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 椅子下 （under the chair）
＝ 椅子下 （under the chair） 躺 （Tǎng ）+ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 躺下（ to lie down)
＝ 躺下（ to lie down) 丢 （ Diū） ＋ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 丢下 （ to abandon ）
丢下 （ to abandon ） 掉（ Diào） ＋ 下 (Xià ) ＝ 掉 下 （ to dropdown）
下 （ to dropdown） 南（ Nán） ＋ 下 (Xià) ＝ 南下 （ to go down south）
Though there are many more combinations are available, I would stop till this point for simplicity. These words are very important in daily life. The above way is the way which I remember Chinese words and this way helped me a lot.
Interesting isn't it ? Keep your spirits high while learning Chinese!. I assure you will enjoy learning Chinese as you go on the tips I share with you in this blog.
More articles to come on Learn Chinese !
Stay tuned. Follow me on
Twitter – @umkev
Facebook – @murali.today
Instagram – @umkev
Do message me on my pages if any suggestions, improvements on the articles. Also don't hesitate to ask me to write on any topic you would like to know about.
The $3 million DSM-5 Field Trials have been a pure disaster from start to finish. First, there was the poor choice of design. The study restricted itself to reliability -- the measurement of diagnostic agreement among different raters. Unaccountably, it failed to address two much more crucial questions -- DSM-5's potential impact on who would be diagnosed and on how much its dramatic lowering of diagnostic thresholds would increase the rates of mental disorder in the general population. There was no possible excuse for not asking these simple-to-answer and vitally important questions. We have a right to know how much DSM-5 will contribute to the already rampant diagnostic inflation in psychiatry, especially since this risks even greater overuse of psychotropic drugs.
Second problem -- the design of the DSM-5 field trial had a byzantine complexity that could be dreamed up only by people with no experience in real-life field testing. One look made clear that there would be serious implementation problems and that it would be impossible to complete within the time allotted. The first stage of the field trial limped in eighteen months late, having taken twice as long as was scheduled. APA then had to choose between delaying the publication of DSM-5 or canceling its planned second stage of field testing that was meant to provide for desperately needed quality control. APA decided to cancel the trial and instead is rushing ahead with the premature publication of DSM-5 next May -- publishing profits clearly trumped concern for the quality and integrity of the product. Fiduciary responsibility was thrown out the window.
Now, we have strike three. The DSM-5 leadership has reported the results of its field trial in a distressingly misleading paper.
According to the authors, 14 of the 23 disorders had "very good" or "good" reliability; six had questionable, but "acceptable" levels; and just three had "unacceptable" rates. Sounds okay until you look at the actual data and discover that the cheerful words used by the DSM-5 leaders simply don't fit their extremely disappointing results. The paper is a classic example of Orwellian "newspeak." When DSM-5 failed to achieve acceptable reliability by historical standards, the DSM-5 leadership arbitrarily decided to move the goal posts in and lower the bar in defining what is "acceptable." In fact, only the five of the 23 DSM-5 diagnoses that achieved kappa levels of agreement between 0.60-0.79 would have been considered "good" in the past. DSM-5 cheapens the coinage of reliability by hyping these merely okay levels as "very good." Then it gets much worse. The nine DSM-5 disorders in the kappa range of 0.40-0.59 previously would have been considered just plain poor, but DSM-5 puffs these up as "good." Then DSM-5 has the chutzpah to call acceptable the six disorders that achieved lousy, absolutely unacceptable reliabilities with kappas of 0.20-0.39. DSM-5 finally finds unacceptable the three diagnoses that were below <0.20 (which is barely better than chance).
Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder were among those that achieved the unacceptable kappas in 0.20-0.39 range. This makes sense for GAD because its DSM-5 definition was so very poorly done. But how to explain the ridiculously low levels of agreement for MDD. DSM-5 had made no changes from the MDD definition whose reliability has been studied hundreds of times in the past 30 years and has always achieved rates about twice as high. The only possible explanation for the egregiously poor MDD result is amateur incompetence in how the DSM-5 field trials were conducted -- and this throws in doubt all of the other results (and all of DSM-5).
It is sad that the American Journal of Psychiatry agreed to publish this sleight of hand interpretation of the remarkably poor DSM-5 field trial results. Clearly, AJP has been forced into the role of a cheerleading house organ, not an independent scientific journal. AJP is promoting APA product instead of critically evaluating it. Scientific journals all have some inherent conflicts of interest -- but this is ridiculous.
The DSM-5 field trial fiasco and its attempted cover-up is more proof (if any were needed) that APA has lost its competence and credibility as custodian for DSM. A diagnostic system that affects so many crucial decisions in our society cannot be left to a small professional association whose work is profit driven, lacking in scientific integrity, and insensitive to public weal.
"YUHALANACAĞIMI BİLİYORDUM, KORKTUM VURAMADIM"
Anderlecht maçında başta Selçuk olmak üzere Sneijder ve Melo hariç bütün futbolcuların karşılaşmanın ilk 15 dakikasından itibaren en küçük pas hatasında yuhalanmaya başlaması, sarı kırmızılı futbolculara şaşkına çevirmiş durumda.Son dakikada gelen golle bir puanın kurtulmasına rağmen hiçbir sevinç yaşayamayan sarı kırmızılı futbolcular taraftardan anlayış bekliyor.G.Saray'a 15 gün önce transfer olan Dzemaili'nin bile isyan noktasına geldiği öğrenildi. Dzemaili'nin maç sonrası teknik direktör Prandelli'ye "15 dakikadan sonra kendi seyircimiz arkadaşlarımı yuhalamaya başladı. İnanamadım bu duruma, henüz işin başındayız. Ben de burada ikinci, kendi seyircimiz önünde ilk maçımı oynadım, bu tepki akıl almaz" yorumunu yaptığı öğrenildi.Anderlecht maçının son dakikasında gelen gol sonrasında stadyum anonsçusunun golü dile getirirken bile Burak Yılmaz'ın seyircilerin bir bölümünce yuhalanması, sarı kırmızılı futbolcuların şaşkınlığını daha da artırdı. En fazla protestolarla karşı karşıya kalan Burak Yılmaz'ın yakın arkadaşlarına yakındığı ve Umut Bulut'a pas verdiği pozisyonla ilgili olarak "Önüm boştu vuramadım korktum. Golü kaçırsam yine yuhalanacağımı biliyordum, korktum ve daha garantide olan Umut'a pas verdim" yorumunu yaptı. Burak Yılmaz'ın bu psikolojik hali sarı kırmızılı futbolcuların üzerindeki taraftar baskısını ortaya sererken, taraftar baskısına en fazla hedef olan Selçuk İnan'ın ise Prandelli ile konuşup Balıkesir maçında kendisini yedek bırakmasını isteyeceği ileri sürüldü.Sarı kırmızılı ekipte protestolardan nasiplenen Veysel ise yakın dostlarına dert yanarak, "Henüz 10. dakikada ilk orta yaptığım pozisyonda yakın tribünlerden ana avrat küfür edenler oldu. Bir an düşündüm deplasmanda mı oynuyoruz diye. Maç boyu sürekli kendi taraftarımızdan küfür yedim. Bunu hak edecek ne yaptık?" diye yakındığı öğrenildi.G.Saray tribünlerinin sevgilisi olan Muslera'nın da takım arkadaşlarına yapılan protestolara tepki gösterdiği açıkça medyaya yansırken Uruguaylı kalecinin soyunma odasında Türk futbolcuları yatıştırıp teselli etmeye çalıştığı bildirildi.
Rob Quist, the Democratic candidate in the special election in Montana, is passionate about public lands and protecting the Affordable Care Act. But when it comes to the Republican president whose national approval rating is under 40%, he doesn't have anything to say.
At a raucous Sunday morning rally at Montana State University, both the special guest, Bernie Sanders, and Quist, a folk singer turned first-time candidate in the race to fill the House of Representatives seat left open by interior secretary Ryan Zinke, avoided mention of Donald Trump. Only once, in passing, was the president named, as Sanders made a simple attack on the Republican party.
It was a calculated effort in a state that has a Democratic governor and a Democratic senator but that Trump won by more than 20 points in November.
Polling in the race gives the advantage to Republican Greg Gianforte, who has recently hitched his wagon to Trump, although his lead has narrowed in recent weeks.
Montana leans Republican. In Bozeman, a rapidly gentrifying college town that has drawn retirees from both coasts, the crowd for Quist's rally did not. The event felt more like an attempt to recruit volunteers for another Sanders presidential campaign. Many attendees wore Sanders merchandise. There were hats featuring the Vermont senator's silhouette and the slogan “Hindsight 2020”. There were T-shirts with an illustration of Sanders riding a unicorn in front of an American flag and a rainbow, with the slogan “Bernie Is Magical”. Sanders, the featured speaker, did nothing to dispel such sentiment as he repeated familiar attacks from the 2016 stump, attacking “the millionaires and the billionaires”.
Georgia special election: runoff will be expensive, ugly and close Read more
When Quist focused on his campaign messages, vowing to defend public land and access to healthcare, he got scattered applause. “Anyone else here has pre-existing conditions?” he asked, drawing only scattered whoops in response.
In contrast, Sanders hit red meat applause lines on nearly every topic, from the estate tax to Planned Parenthood, receiving lusty cheers in a state he won narrowly in the primary, a day after Hillary Clinton clinched the Democratic nomination.
Some present cited Sanders as their reason for attending. Abby Douglas of Bozeman, who was wearing a “Bernie Is Magical” shirt, described the two men as people she could support, in contrast to “almost the rest of the Democratic party”. Douglas said she was “more of a Bernie fan” and expressed surprise that someone as progressive as Quist was running.
“I heard one of his radio ads,” she said, “[and thought], ‘He's running in Montana, really?'”
The event was less about persuading people to support Quist than simply recruiting existing supporters to help. Outside the venue, volunteers went up and down a long, snaking line, putting wristbands on attendees: neon yellow for those who had already voted, orange for those who were registered but hadn't yet voted, and red for those who weren't yet registered.
In a state with heavy absentee voting, where more than 217,000 ballots have already been returned, this was a way for the Quist campaign to narrow its targets. Those who had voted were still important. Volunteers hounded attendees to sign up to knock on doors and make phone calls. Clipboards were waiting at the exits for those ready to devote their Sunday afternoons to the cause. At times, the event felt like a center-left convention. Volunteers from Planned Parenthood roamed. One attendee walked around with a Democratic Socialists of America flag on his back.
Why the 'alt-left' will succeed where centrists fail | Bhaskar Sunkara Read more
Quist faces an uphill fight. His opponent, Gianforte, has built a significant advantage on the airwaves with nearly $5m in outside money. National Democrats were slow to take the race seriously and have only become involved in recent days.
The question is whether Quist and his supporters can take advantage of discontent with Republican healthcare reform as well as Trump's falling approval ratings. If they can, there could yet be an upset in Big Sky Country.
The latest USA Team Handball Board of Director's Meeting Minutes from December 12 of last year include a short paragraph regarding a reality TV show concept centered around team handball. Below is the text of the minutes:
Reality Concept – Bob (Djokovich) reviewed his attached document which goes back 20 months when the organization was approached by directors about a Reality Show. The goal is to find ex-Pro and D1 athletes who learn the sport, win the Pan Am Games and then go on to do well at the Olympics. The directors contacted USATH again six months ago and NBC also approached us about a similar process. Since Rio, we have connected the producers and have pitched to NBC Execs and have a soft go. We are currently looking for sponsors with the goal of starting to shoot the show in the February/March timeframe. They want to attend our current events. The Board received the original slides, which now have been updated and capture more of the intent. When IHF President, Hassan Moustafa was given a preview of the slide deck on the project, he wanted the directors to come to Paris to see the finals of the Men's World Championships in late January in Paris at his expense. We are moving cautiously to make this happen and the USOC is aware of this project.
An NBC Executive Producer did in fact attend the recent World Championships and efforts are ongoing to get formal NBC approval to proceed. The timeline, however, has been moved back to starting this summer at the earliest. And, as with most TV projects, a number of steps are involved between the development of a concept and it's airing on TV. But, make no mistake: This is a real effort with a solid chance of eventually making it on TV.
Commentary: I, for one, am skeptical as to whether this show could accomplish the stated goals of winning the PANAM Games and qualifying for the 2024 Olympics. Brazil, in particular, would be a really tough foe to beat for a bunch of handball newbies, even if they are very athletically gifted. That being said this reality show would surely be very entertaining to watch. If they get some good athletes they might not be able to beat Brazil, but given some solid training for a month or two they could beat every club team in the U.S. and probably our current national team. It would depend on the athletes participating and it would depend on how seriously they take their training.
Setting aside the practicality of the show's premise the real story is the potential impact the show could have in terms of promotional value. A television show about team handball in prime time on a major TV network! We get excited every four years during the Olympics when handball is discovered by thousands of people on secondary TV channels at odd hours of the day. This exposure would dwarf that Olympic exposure and if the show is a success ratings wise it could trigger a grass roots explosion.
It's totally possible to play Diablo 2 as a pacifist, even if it's not easy to do so. Speedrun enthusiast DrCliche decided to take his pacifist playthrough to another level by playing the game as fast as possible without attacking a single enemy.
The whole playthrough archive, streamed live first on Twitch, is on YouTube in its full seven-plus-hour glory. It takes DrCliche seven hours, 41 minutes exactly to finish Diablo 2's Lord of Destruction expansion on normal difficulty, with the added challenge of never intentionally killing a soul.
There's a catch, of course, as DrCliche explains in a detailed guide to the pacifist run. He equipped his character with thorn-covered armor, so that any time an enemy hit him, his gear would just hit them right back. Based on DrCliche's defined set of rules, that didn't count as a kill; as long as he never took any intentional aggressive actions, he was in the clear.
There's one enemy that nearly threw the whole run into peril. One of the big bads in the game's fourth act is Lord De Seis, who's both unskippable and only has ranged or elemental attacks, alongside some major healing powers. That made for some difficult pacifistic play.
“But De Seis's elemental attacks do proc Chilling Armor, and at level 30, with Cold Mastery, 6 points in Chilling Armor, and a +2 staff, you do damage quickly and consistently enough to keep Lord de Seis from ever casting Bestow,” DrCliche explained.
Sounds anxiety-inducing, if you ask us. Start watching the full run above to judge for yourself, or check out DrCliche's guide on Reddit to figure out how to recreate your own pacifistic speedrun through Diablo 2.
Time for the Anti-War Movement to Throw Down for Racial and Economic Justice
Why peace activists must look beyond our own movement.
When the United States threatened to bomb Syria in 2013, an outpouring of public opposition helped stop the Obama administration from launching a new air war.
But this success also transformed existing disagreement over the conflict among anti-war organizers into bitter debates. Activists disputed the nature of the Assad regime and Syria's domestic opposition forces; they diverged on what to do about ISIS, the neighboring countries and their militia proxies, and intervention by global powers. The intense intra-movement battle involved only a small cohort of people, largely on social media. But, while both sides agreed on many things, the feud derailed the rise of a unified and internationalist anti-war movement—a movement that would focus on ending the Syrian wars, rather than urging victory for a preferred side.
Of course, the movement's mission extends beyond Syria. Anyone monitoring U.S. wars today is whipsawed as military crises—along with U.S. drones, bombers, troops, weapons and more—bounce from continent to continent, target to target. Iraq to Syria, North Korea to Yemen, Iran to Afghanistan, the Philippines to Somalia. Ending those lethal wars demands our urgent attention even as Charlottesville, Flint and Standing Rock continue to claim our time, commitment and passion.
An independent anti-war movement, especially a divided one, cannot take this on alone. Challenging the wars abroad, while at the same time addressing domestic crises, requires that we focus on building a larger, broader people's movement in which the struggle against war and militarism is inextricably linked to the fight against racism, for equality, for the Earth and for justice.
During the George W. Bush years, the movement achieved significant victories, most notably the Feb. 15, 2003, global mobilization against the Iraq War. This may not have prevented the U.S. invasion, but it created a model for what a truly international protest could look like, helped keep Bush from attacking Iran and later helped inspire the 2011 overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt.
When Barack Obama was elected, some activists believed that with a supposedly anti-war president, they could move on. In addition, the economic crisis meant that many more people faced newly desperate circumstances, necessitating a greater focus on urgent domestic issues, including housing, jobs and healthcare.
The movement strategized on how to respond. Should we focus on rebuilding an independent movement? Or prioritize building an anti-war component into other progressive movements? Supporters of the first idea won the debate, and produced some powerful short-term mobilizations. But subsequent movement-building efforts failed to sufficiently respond to the new political conditions. People of color and (excepting veterans) younger people were still underrepresented, and the movement still failed to sufficiently link militarism to the economic and racial justice campaigns on which younger activists had cut their political teeth.
This is why we must build on the vision of Martin Luther King Jr., who, in his 1967 “Beyond Vietnam” speech, called for a unified movement against “the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism and militarism”—adding, as Dr. King surely would have, protection of the planet.
Yet, we still must figure out the dynamics of particular conflicts to determine how—and convince others why—to end specific wars. Today's wars are vastly more complex than U.S. interventions during the Cold War. In those years, many activists supported “the other side”—the National Liberation Front in Vietnam, the African National Congress in South Africa, the Sandinistas and the FMLN in Central America. It's more difficult to ground our movements in international solidarity when “the other side” is composed of fighters we don't support, who hold anti-democratic, extremist religious, misogynist or other reactionary views. We still have progressive counterparts—the Iraqi oil workers union, some Syrian opposition activists and more—but they're not the ones engaged on the battlefield.
Here, we can learn from the strong anti-war movement following the 9/11 attacks. The two big coalitions—United for Peace and Justice (UFPJ) and ANSWER—divided over organizing strategy and whether to criticize the Saddam Hussein government. The broader of the two, UFPJ—powerfully anti-war but willing to criticize Hussein—grew far more influential, partly because its more nuanced position encouraged engaging a wider range of domestic and international organizations.
Today, we must ensure that opposing U.S. intervention in Syria does not blind us to Bashar al-Assad's legacy of torture and collaboration with other U.S. wars, just as we have to acknowledge that however progressive and indeed heroic the original protest movement of Syria's Arab Spring, the majority of those now engaged in armed anti-regime fighting are not those progressive heroes. While activists facing brutal repression in Syria or Libya or elsewhere may call for U.S. intervention, we must not uncritically accept that call.
Similarly, we have to recognize that Washington's continued violation of the Non-Proliferation Treaty, requiring it to move toward full nuclear disarmament, is a major reason North Korea is so determined to produce nuclear weapons of its own. At the same time, we must insist that Kim Jong-Un's threats are unacceptable.
To strengthen all our movements, we must also understand that militarism is a key cause of domestic crises: Military spending strips funds from the social safety net; excess Pentagon equipment sent to local police departments militarizes our communities; Islamophobia rises in response to wars abroad; militarism's outsized carbon footprint threatens us all. The Movement for Black Lives, the new Poor People's Campaign, various environmental and economic justice organizations, and many others already recognize this.
We in the anti-war movement must do better in getting accessible information and analysis—on the human, environmental and economic costs of war and militarism, and the integral links between war and racism—into the hands of today's resistance.
We Must Find Common Ground Without Giving In to Liberal Interventionists
An effective anti-war movement's first priority must be stopping U.S. imperialism.
Phyllis writes with characteristic sense and sensitivity about the dilemmas of the U.S. anti-war movement. She is right that the current conjuncture is quite different than that of the Cold War. Then, there was a clearer sense of international solidarity—in the U.S. wars and coups of that period, the U.S. Left could find progressive allies. No such easy solidarity is possible today. Comparing the two eras, there is a wide gulf between Algeria's FLN and al-Qaeda, between El Salvador's FMLN and Mexican drug gangs. A great deal of confusion reigns.
As Phyllis notes, the Western Left tore itself apart over Syria. One section sees the Assad government as the enemy, while another sees that government as the victim of imperialist attack. But the vast bulk of Western leftists fall between these two poles, in part because they do not know how to understand the Syrian war. The imperialist media has confounded judgment, offering a theory of humanitarian intervention that clouds over previous certainty about the wrongness of imperialist wars of aggression. It is this bewilderment and insecurity that has led to fratricidal debates.
We saw evidence of the American anti-war movement's weakness at the Women's March, where few anti-war positions took center stage. There have been marches against the Muslim Ban and for science, but no comparable march against U.S. bombings in Syria and Iraq, U.S. arms delivery to Saudi Arabia for its brutal war on Yemen, and U.S. escalation in Afghanistan. The liberal wing of the resistance to Trump is simply disoriented when it comes to war, having been associated with the Democratic Party's wars during the Obama years. It has surrendered to liberal interventionism and the war machine.
If a serious anti-war movement is to be part of the new resistance to Trump, it would have to come from the Left. But this is not possible given that this Left is not only weak but fractured. The divides are old—the American Left has been arguing about Cuba, for instance, since 1959, and some continue to believe the country's government is a state capitalist system that should be removed. Infighting has prevented the American Left from uniting around a clear anti-imperialist platform—one that centers the violence wrought by the U.S. government.
But there ought to be agreement on some core issues that could unite the Left and rejuvenate the anti-war movement:
• Reduction of the military budget.
• Freeze on U.S. arms sales to Saudi Arabia and Israel.
• Reduction of the U.S. military footprint through bases and naval expansion.
• Call for an investigation of civilian casualties by U.S. bombings and U.S.-backed militias from Afghanistan to Syria.
• End to the CIA secret arming of reactionary forces across the Third World.
• Call for the conversion of military industrialism into a peace economy not rooted in arms sales.
Such a concrete platform would find broad agreement across the American Left. Unity in action should be possible if we are able to set aside—for now—the debates around Syria and Venezuela. The American Left, weak beyond measure, can be strengthened by taking a strong class position against the warfare state—one that not only itches to sell arms and bomb countries abroad, but then turns these same weapons on its own people.
The U.S. Anti-War Movement Must Reject a U.S.-Centric View of the World
We don't have to choose between U.S. empire and regional dictatorships—activists on the ground are fighting for a better alternative.
Phyllis and Vijay's reflections on how to rebuild the U.S. anti-war movement couldn't come at a better time. In the wake of Trump's recent announcement that he plans to send more troops to Afghanistan, and his escalation of U.S. bombings in several other countries, one wonders: Is there an anti-war movement at all?
Phyllis and Vijay rightly perceive a lack of large-scale political work against U.S. militarism. Both point to debates around Syria and other conflicts, and suggest areas of common ground. Engaging these debates is essential.
But I would like to offer another reason for the movement's absence: Many in the anti-war Left fall prey to an inverted form of U.S. exceptionalism, in which U.S.-caused harm is so central to our messaging, analysis and strategy that little room remains for the agency of people in other parts of the world, or the solutions they could offer.
Growing up in an Iraqi-American household in the 1990s—a period when military attacks and crippling sanctions on Iraq provided frequent reminders of U.S. cruelty—I've long been aware of the harmful role the United States plays in the world. It wasn't until 2014, however, that I discovered the work that Iraqi organizations on the ground were doing to respond to the skyrocketing number of birth defects linked to radiation from U.S. munitions in the northern town of Hawija. I spoke to local leaders over Skype, and learned how, through fundraising, lobbying the Iraqi government and building global awareness, they were able to open a needed treatment clinic. They were also organizing against both right-wing movements linked to ISIS and anti-woman laws backed by the neighboring government of Iran. This helped me understand that, while the liberation Iraqis were working toward depended on what we did here in the United States, we were also completing a much broader picture together—one that involves building alternatives that could someday replace U.S. (and regional) hegemonies. This understanding honestly changed my life.
Going forward, deepening our internationalist engagements is necessary in opposing U.S.—indeed all—militarism. Though it takes effort, grounding strategic campaigns in the lived experience of those on the front lines provides the accountability and inspiration we need. The Grassroots Global Justice Alliance (GGJ), in its opposition to U.S. support of repression abroad, highlights the legacy of Berta Cáceres, a remarkable indigenous leader assassinated in the fallout from the U.S.-backed coup in Honduras eight years ago. GGJ has educated people in the United States on the Honduran indigenous land-protector movement of which Cáceres was part, pushed for Congress to suspend U.S. security assistance to the Honduran military and police, and helped build in-person relationships between U.S. grassroots organizers and Honduran activists. Bringing this lesson to Syria, how very different would our relationship to that war be if our analysis began with the popular 2011 movement for freedom and justice that was crushed by the Assad regime?
These are not easy questions, but as Vijay acknowledges, these debates aren't new. Anti-war organizers have been navigating this terrain for decades. In 1982, for example, the U.S.-based Campaign for Peace and Democracy was founded to support dissidents working for human rights in the Soviet Bloc.
Just as we need not choose between “domestic” and “global” concerns, but rather must see them as intertwined, we need not choose between a focus on U.S. empire and regional dictatorships, as ultimately each relies on the other. The deeper question is: Can we step back from our insistence on a U.S. focus, allow others the spotlight and see an internationalist vision through?
Phyllis Bennis is a fellow of the Institute for Policy Studies. Her books include Understanding ISIS and the New Global War on Terror: A Primer.
Vijay Prashad teaches history and international studies at Trinity College, and is chief editor of LeftWord Books.
Ali Issa is national field organizer for the War Resisters League, and author of Against All Odds: Voices of Popular Struggle in Iraq.
Some might say that when you've seen one Michael Bay movie, you've seen them all. Now it's emerged that viewers who recently paid to see the US director's latest blast-fest, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, may actually have been watching rejigged footage from his earlier movie The Island during key scenes.
A video posted on YouTube suggests that elements of two key action scenes were recycled from earlier material used in Bay's 2005 science-fiction movie, which starred Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson. One of the segments in question is almost identical to a section of The Island, except that an enormous Transformer robot has been apparently superimposed on to the action via digital tinkering.
It's not the first time Bay has been accused of borrowing footage from earlier films. In the first Transformers movie, he reportedly purloined a shot of an aircraft carrier from his 2001 film Pearl Harbor. However, Transformers 3 was released amid a wave of hype over the fact it was shot in 3D, rather than being converted in post-production. Experts suggest the recycled scenes could not have been filmed in 3D, so must have been through a conversion process before they were inserted into the final film.
According to IGN, Bay and his team have explained away the use of the recycled footage as the result of an accident on set in which a tow-cable snapped, hitting film extra Gabriella Cedillo and resulting in a serious head injury, leaving her paralysed. In October, it was reported that Cedillo was suing Transformers producers over the incident, which resulted in her being airlifted to hospital via helicopter.
In more positive news for Bay and his team, Dark of the Moon opened at No 1 in the US at the weekend with $162.1m (£100.4m) in its first five days, a record for the Independence Day weekend. That did not stop star Shia LaBeouf badmouthing the series once again on the Jimmy Kimmel TV show on Thursday. The US actor, who previously described himself as being "not impressed" by 2009's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, joked that his new film was "still crap" during an exchange of banter with the talk show host.
Vancouver Canucks' top prospect Bo Horvat finds himself in a fairly precarious position: he isn't old enough to play in the AHL this season and if he doesn't make the Canucks straight out of camp, he's going to be sent back to the London Knights. To make matters even muddier, Horvat didn't exactly light the world on fire at the Young Stars Tournament.
A stint in the AHL makes the most sense for Horvat's development. He spent last year in the OHL and, before he makes the next step to the big leagues, he could use some time adjusting to professional hockey.
Since the most reasonable course of action isn't going to happen, Canucks' management has a hard decision in front of them.
Bo Horvat's Battle for Ice-Time
The Vancouver Canucks' deepest position is, of course, centre. There are 4 spots and 7 candidates: Henrik Sedin, Nick Bonino, Shawn Matthias, Brad Richardson, Linden Vey and Brendan Gaunce.
The first four on that list seem the most likely to take the 4 available slots, which leaves Vey, Gaunce and Horvat on the outside looking in. Gaunce, having been drafted a year earlier than Horvat, can be sent down to the AHL, which seems the most likely case.
Linden Vey, on the other hand, will probably fill the rotating roll in the bottom 6, sharing some time at centre with Richardson and playing some wing.
The next question is, of course, why can't Horvat play wing? That option is counterproductive because Horvat is still a prospect that needs to develop his game at centre. The Canucks' have him penciled in as their centre of the future and an extended period at wing will slow down his development more than an extra year of junior will.
Horvat could force management's hand with a very strong preseason, but in the lead up to game action this seems unlikely.
Horvat Has Left a Little to be Desired
The Hockey Writer's own Bubba Lackey succinctly summed up Horvat's performance in the Young Stars Tournament:
The real test of Horvat will be in the main Canucks training camp set to start in a few days. However he displayed very little offensive flair in the tournament. Horvat's game is very reminiscent of Sami Pahlsson. The question will be can Horvat do enough to silence his critics early in his career before the high pressure hockey market of Vancouver turns on him. – Bubba Lackey, The Hockey Writers
This analysis leaves fans with an underwhelming implication: Horvat didn't do anything overly impressive in the tournament, and this fact is worry some for his case to remain in the NHL.
The real test comes today in the form of Vancouver's split squad preseason matchup with the San Jose Sharks, where Horvat is centering the third line between Derek Dorsett and Mike Zalewski.
Playing on the third line with a grinder in Dorsett and a more skilled winger in Zalewski gives Horvat the reps in a position he most likely will fill if he makes the roster. Horvat can make up for his Young Stars Tournament with a strong preseason, an opportunity the former London Knight has been patiently waiting for.
JAMIESON: 'All my junior career I've been that 200-foot guy': Top prospect Bo Horvat targets main Canucks camp http://t.co/HOrAz6aCNa — Steve Ewen (@SteveEwen) September 16, 2014
Where will #53 be Playing Come October?
Bo Horvat should at least be given the 9-game tryout once the regular season starts. He is a talented enough prospect and real NHL action will be a better metric to gauge his ability than a three game tournament or even preseason action.
That being said, the Canucks, as a franchise, find themselves stuck in the middle of winning now and building for the future. Sitting at the crossroads of this mantra is Bo Horvat.
General Manager Jim Benning has put together a competitive enough roster to challenge for a playoff spot, and this fact has the team pointed towards a win now mentality. Therefore Bo Horvat will find himself back in junior after his 9 game tryout, unless of course his play makes him impossible to send down.
But, at this moment, Horvat could use the time to better fine-tune his offensive game. Another year in London, along with a stint at the World Juniors, will not be detrimental to his future and makes more sense than having being rushed into the NHL by playing 8 minutes a night every other game in a position other than centre.
I always feel guilty when I reach the end of my laundry detergent and toss the jug into the recycle bin. Yes, I'm recycling it, but it still feels so wasteful. Until recently, I had no idea that a greener solution existed. MyGreenFills.com makes safe, non-toxic and affordable laundry products that are a much greener alternative than traditional laundry soaps. I'll be reviewing this line of products and giving you a chance to win some next week but before then, I wanted to give you this quick introduction and a chance to win a Samsung Washer and Dryer valued at over $2000!
The MyGreenFills line of products non-toxic formulas in zero waste packaging. With your first order you'll get a reusable container. After that, all you'll need are the powdered refill packets. All it takes is some warm water and one packet to fill your bottles back up again. They the refills are shipped for FREE! This concept saves so many resources and is a simple yet genius idea! Come back next week to learn more and enter to win $50 worth of MyGreenFills products from www.mygreenfills.com. Right now you can enter to win the washer and dryer below! Good luck!
Samsung Activewash Contest- Mommies with Cents
Welcome back to Understanding OAuth – Tweeting from Scratch. This is Part 2 of the two-part series and picks up right where we left off in Part 1 with your returned Access Credentials. Since obtaining the credentials is the grueling part of the process, there's not much more left to do except posting a tweet on the user's behalf. Hopefully you'll find the final steps to be a lot easier to follow and more fun to implement.
First things first, you should at least store the user specific details and credentials from Part 1 in $_SESSION so they can be used later, though most likely you'll want to store the information in a database so you can retrieve them whenever you like to send tweets on behalf of others.
<?php //... $response = file_get_contents($requestUrl); parse_str($response, $values); $_SESSION["accessToken"] = $values["oauth_token"]; $_SESSION["accessTokenSecret"] = $values["oauth_token_secret"]; $_SESSION["twitterUserId"] = $values["user_id"]; $_SESSION["twitterUsername"] = $values["screen_name"]; // Redirect the user to the application's form header("Location: /postTweet.php");
Since your application has the necessary Access Credentials and you've tucked them away safely for future use, you can redirect the user to a form where he can enter the text of his tweet.
<form action="/postTweet.php" method="post"> <textarea name="tweet" rows="3" cols="50"></textarea> <br> <input type="submit" value="Send"> </form>
Posting to Twitter
--ADVERTISEMENT--
There is plenty you can do with the Twitter API once you have Access Credentials (full API documentation can be found at dev.twitter.com/docs/api). For this article I'm showing just the use of statuses/update to to post a tweet. You can request many of the API calls to respond with XML or JSON formatted data simply by adding .xml or .json to the end of the URL. Personally I find JSON far easier to deal with than XML.
statuses/update requires an HTTP POST to be made sending your OAuth parameters in the HTTP header. Previously you only used GET in the conversations with Twitter.
All OAuth v1 Twitter API resource URLs begin with “http://api.twitter.com/1/” and end with the resource name followed by .xml or .json . The only credentials you need from now on are your Consumer Credentials and the Access Credentials; the Request Credentials are discarded since they were only necessary for the authorization process.
Building the signature is performed the same as before except you now include the Access Token Secret in $sigKey .
<?php $oauthVersion = "1.0"; $apiResourceUrl = "http://api.twitter.com/1/statuses/update.json"; $nonce = md5(mt_rand()); $oauthSignatureMethod = "HMAC-SHA1"; $oauthTimestamp = time(); $accessToken = $_SESSION["accessToken"]; $accessTokenSecret = $_SESSION["accessTokenSecret"]; $tweetText = trim($_POST["tweet"]); $sigBase = "POST&" . rawurlencode($apiResourceUrl) . "&" . rawurlencode("oauth_consumer_key=" . rawurlencode($consumerKey) . "&oauth_nonce=" . rawurlencode($nonce) . "&oauth_signature_method=" . rawurlencode($oauthSignatureMethod) . "&oauth_timestamp=" . $oauthTimestamp . "&oauth_token=" . rawurlencode($accessToken) . "&oauth_version=" . rawurlencode($oauthVersion) . "&status=" . rawurlencode($tweetText)); $sigKey = rawurlencode($consumerSecret) . "&" . rawurlencode($accessTokenSecret); $oauthSig = base64_encode(hash_hmac("sha1", $sigBase, $sigKey, true));
OAuth POST transactions can (and are required to by Twitter) have the OAuth parameters included in a special Authorization HTTP header. It's worth noting that besides the typical OAuth parameters, $sigBase also includes the API resource parameter status above. Non-OAuth parameters are needed in the signature but are excluded from the HTTP header. They are used in the POST body instead.
<?php $authHeader = "OAuth oauth_consumer_key=" . rawurlencode($consumerKey) . "," . "oauth_nonce=" . rawurlencode($nonce) . "," . "oauth_signature_method=" . rawurlencode($oauthSignatureMethod) . "," . "oauth_signature=" . rawurlencode($oauthSig) . "," . "oauth_timestamp=". rawurlencode($oauthTimestamp) . "," . "oauth_token=" . rawurlencode($accessToken) . "," . "oauth_version=" . rawurlencode($oauthVersion); $httpPostDataUrl = "status=" . $tweetText; $context = stream_context_create(array("http" => array( "method" => "POST", "header" => "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencodedrnAuthorization: " . $authHeader . "rn", "content" => $httpPostDataUrl))); $result = file_get_contents($apiResourceUrl, false, $context);
If everything went smoothly you should have just posted to twitter on behalf of an authorized user. Twitter sends the success or failure status along with a very large amount of information regarding the transaction, which you can with print_r(json_decode($result)) if you like.
Summary
Now that you have a fair understanding of how Oauth works, implementing a third party library or troubleshooting OAuth in general should be a lot easier. In summary, you've learned how to:
Create a new Twitter application and obtain the Consumer Credentials
Obtain the Request Credentials which are necessary for requesting Access Credentials
Authorize your application with a user and obtain Access Credentials
Post a tweet on another user's behalf using the Access Credentials
Today some of the most popular web applications provide access to an API – Flickr, Facebook, foursquare, Netflix, Last.fm, and GetGlue to name a few. Having an intimate knowledge of how to seamlessly communicate with these applications is a very desirable skill! Some of what you have learned here regarding the hashing of signatures and exchange of tokens can also be well applied to non-Oauth v1.0 APIs, such as Flickr's pre-OAuth interface and the much easier to understand OAuth v2. Good luck and have fun!
Code for this series can be found on GitHub.
Image via Photosani / Shutterstock
Why does anyone care how good a person the NSA leaker is? Because public debate has become more and more about personality and tribal identification
Edward Snowden, leaker of the NSA surveillance programs, is a hero. No, he's a narcissistic criminal. Scratch that, he's totally a hero. Far from it: he's an alienated loner, a traitor, a bad boyfriend. But also? A smokin' hottie! Barely a day after Snowden revealed himself as the source who gave information to the Guardian about phone and Internet data collection, the debate over privacy and security was joined by a debate on whether Snowden was an icon or a villain.
It's ironic, but shouldn't be surprising, that a news story about personal privacy in the digital age should become a personality-based argument. We've seen this with other secrecy and leaking cases — Julian Assange, Bradley Manning — as critics of the leak begin attacking the messenger and defenders elevate said messenger as a way of counterattacking. A major public issue becomes another celebrity story, like a Hollywood divorce. The person becomes a proxy for the cause; to admit any flaws (on the one hand) or nobility (on the other) is to give comfort to the enemy, and so he becomes sainted or demonized, depending on whose blog you're reading.
Why should anyone not personally connected with Snowden give a crap about how good a person he is? To some extent, the argument over whether he's a hero or traitor is an argument about the privacy issue itself; if the NSA program is unconscionable, then he must be a hero of conscience, for instance.
But in the end, these arguments are stand-ins for the actual issues; they're not the issues themselves. A Snowden or Assange could be a not-so-great person advocating a worthy position, or vice versa. It's also possible to argue, say, to condemn the government Hoovering up phone records yet question whether people with access to state secrets should be able to declassify them unilaterally. Or it should be, anyway. Dividing the debate between Team Snowden and Team NSA, though, crowds out the room for the arguments in between both poles.
Which is one reason, I think, that the Team This/Team That mentality is so prevalent in debate now. We've evolved an entire system of rhetoric to enforce ideological discipline, to delegitimize positions that are nuanced or less than 100% pure. If you argue that someone is using the wrong tactics in the service of the right belief, you're a “concern troll,” and sorry, I don't have to listen to you anymore. If you're a Republican governor who praises a Democratic President for helping your state after a disaster, then I declare you a “RINO” and la la la, I can't hear you anymore. (Criticize multiple sides' behavior in a political debate, of course, and you're guilty of “false equivalence.”)
So while it may address the larger privacy-vs.-security issue to argue whether Snowden is a hero, it also says something about people's inability to frame political issues now through anything other than tribal affiliation: if you're on my side, then you like the people I like, and you stay loyal. In political media, in social media, in cable news and talk radio, people reward certitude: strong, unambiguous, from-the-gut passion, preferably expressed as soon as possible. No hemming and hawing! No wimps! Take a goddamn side!
The team mentality is an easy shorthand for expressing that attitude, and for enforcing it. It encourages sharp division and bright lines, and it frames politics not in terms of philosophy or policy beliefs but attitudes toward personalities. How often have you heard someone characterized as a “liberal” or “conservative” based not on their having expressed a particular position on a political issue but on whether they say nice or mean things about President Obama or Speaker Boehner?
I realize that I risk making myself captain of Team Obvious by even writing this; people are tribal, and the abstract is more powerful when linked to personal stories, and it was ever thus. But at the least, all the personality attacks and the Team My Guy defenses exacerbate a polarization — and active hostility to nuance — that's already a problem in public debate.
Snowden may or may not be a hero, but keep in mind one thing that a hero is: someone who is aware that ideals and principles are finally more important than personalities. The least we nonheroes can do is try to remember that too.
Brad Pitt arrives on the red carpet for the film Inglourious Basterds, during the 62nd International film festival in Cannes
Superstar Brad Pitt is on his way to Berlin for the premiere of Tarantino's Hitler action comedy ‘Inglourious Basterds'.
But BILD managed to first catch up with him in a tucked-away Hotel bar in southern France guarded by two bodyguards in Hawaiian shirts.
Brad Pitt was dressed all in black wearing sunglasses, suede shoes, unshaven and smiling.
We both wanted a beer but the bodyguards had scared off the waiter...
Brad Pitt: “You brew good beer in Germany.” He laughs. “My sunglasses are good for hiding puffy eyes after drinking.” They are from the 80s.
BILD: How would you rate your film if you were a critic?
Brad Pitt: “Lots of fun! I'm happy with it, because all the actors are great. Each one is a mini star!”
BILD: What does your wife Angelina Jolie think?
Brad Pitt: “She really likes it. She laughed a lot.”
BILD: You play an American soldier who scalps Nazi's in a hit team and finally kills Hitler.
Brad Pitt: “Yes there's a lot going on in the movie, we had lots of fun. You have some great actors in Germany.”
Til Schweiger, Daniel Brühl, Christoph Walz, Diane Kruger and Gedeon Burkhard all starred in the film.
For a world famous actor Brad is surprisingly normal. He is relaxed, has a friendly voice and is almost humble about his fame.
BILD: Who is the real Brad Pitt?
Brad Pitt: He is sitting right in front of you. There's nothing else.
BILD: Are you still a big kid?
Brad Pitt: “No I'm not a kid anymore – I have six children.” Maddox (7), Pax (5), Zahara (4), Shiloh (3), and the twins Vivien & Knox (1).
BILD: Have you found happiness in life?
Brad Pitt (nodding): Hm – yes. I am on the path I want to be on.”
BILD: Do you believe in God?
Brad Pitt (smiling): “No, no, no!”
BILD: Is your soul spiritual?
Brad Pitt: “No, no, no! I'm probably 20 per cent atheist and 80 per cent agnostic. I don't think anyone really knows. You'll either find out or not when you get there, until then there's no point thinking about it.
BILD: Are you scared of ageing?
Brad Pitt (smirking): The grey hairs on his beard glisten: “No I like it. I think it's good.”
BILD: What is your typical day as a dad?
Brad Pitt: “I get going early, make breakfast, get the kids dressed, brush their teeth and take them to school. Angelina is working at the moment. We take turns.”
BILD: Angelina told me once about your giant bed where all eight of you snuggle up?
Brad Pitt: “Yes we have a 3 metre wide bed, but even that isn't big enough. They all come crawling in in the morning. It's just about surviving! We all have sleep deprivation."
BILD: Do you find the time to make love?
Brad Pitt (looks puzzled): What?
BILD: Is it sometimes just the two of you?
Brad Pitt: “Yes we make time for ourselves. It's very important for every relationship.”
BILD: How? Do you fly off somewhere?
Brad Pitt: “That's a trade secret!”
BILD: Your answers are very short and quick.
Brad Pitt (beaming): “Ha! I'm a father of six. You have to be quick and focused.”
BILD: What car do you drive?
Brad Pitt: I'm not a car person. I like motorbikes.”
BILD: You are driving from Berlin to Prague?
Brad Pitt: “Yes for fun! 2 ½ hours just straight on the whole way.“
BILD: How many motorbikes do you have?
Brad Pitt: “Sorry, but I've got a problem with that one”. He smiles sheepishly.
BILD: Why? Too many?
Brad Pitt: “Yeah! To be honest I don't know how many I have.“
BILD: Has money changed you?
Brad Pitt: “It makes everything easier, but money can also be a burden.“
BILD: Do your rings have a story?
Brad Pitt: “No I just like them.“
BILD: And your watch?
Brad Pitt (checks): “Yes, a Rolex.“
BILD: Your necklace?
Brad Pitt: “From my girl.“
BILD: What is your most important possession?
Brad Pitt: “My family - and yes a couple of my motorbikes.“
His laugh fills the bar.
Related news
Brad Pitt and the rest of the cast of Quentin Tarantino's latest movie 'Inglourious Basterds' took Berlin by storm at the premiere.
Romney was the target of 148 jokes on latenight talk show monologues, the study finds. Study: Mitt late-night laughingstock
Ever wonder why Mitt Romney doesn't hit the late-night talk show circuit as heavily as President Barack Obama?
A new study from the Center for Media and Public Affairs might have the answer: The water simply isn't as warm for the former Massachusetts governor.
Story Continued Below
The study found that Republicans bore the brunt of more than twice as many late-night jokes as Democrats since the party's nominating conventions this past summer.
“Romney is leading in the humor race, but being the biggest joke is a race nobody wants to win,” said CMPA President Robert Lichter.
David Letterman was the greatest GOP jokester, according to the study, which says that Letterman told jokes about Romney at a 5:1 margin compared to those about the president. He wasn't alone, however. All four comedians (Letterman, Jay Leno, Craig Ferguson and Jimmy Fallon) skewed Romney more.
“Mitt Romney was the target of 148 jokes on latenight talk show monologues, over twice as many as President Obama,” the study declares. “Obama finished second with 62 jokes.”
The Center found similar results in 2008, when Obama “finished fourth with 243 jokes, behind GOP candidates John McCain (658), Sarah Palin (566), and outgoing president George W. Bush (244).”
For this cycle, other ribbed comedians in the top ten of political targets included Arnold Schwarzenegger (3rd), Bill Clinton (4th), Paul Ryan (5th), Clint Eastwood (7th), Joe Biden (8th) and Chris Christie (10th).
I went through the menopause at eleven
Hot flushes in the classroom. HRT before she'd had her first kiss. Knowing she'd never have a baby. But most shocking of all? Amanda's ordeal is far from unique
Ordeal: Amanda Lewis, now 24, was the youngest person in the UK to have a menopause when it began at age 11
On a school trip to Paris, spirits were high among a coach-load of excited teenagers experiencing their first taste of freedom away from their parents.
Thirteen-year-old Amanda Lewis was one of them — enjoying the company of her classmates as they explored the city, but anxious about a medical problem that set her cruelly apart from them.
Amanda made a point of taking her daily medication in front of her school friends on the trip, in an act of bravado meant to hide the pain she felt inside.
‘I deliberately took it in full view of everyone to make light of it,' says Amanda.
While her peers were experiencing the hormonal highs and lows of puberty, she was grappling with their absence — taking hormone replacement therapy (HRT) after being diagnosed with the menopause at a devastatingly young age.
Amanda's menopausal symptoms started when she was 11. At a time in life when her peers were preoccupied with first crushes and making friends, Amanda felt her body was spiralling out of her control.
‘I went from a size 8 to a size 18 in a matter of months — from 8 st to 15 st,' she says. ‘My body weight nearly doubled and my periods, which had started when I was ten, stopped. I also felt very emotional.'
After reading articles in teen magazines about irregular periods and mood swings in puberty, Amanda assumed that what was happening to her was quite normal.
It was only two years later, when she went home from school one day sobbing yet again about being overweight, that her mother suggested they see the doctor.
The doctor referred Amanda to a gynaecologist at the local hospital. Tests revealed she had no natural oestrogen and a scan showed her ovaries weren't functioning.
Amanda was diagnosed as menopausal, and her consultant advised her to start HRT.
'My friends were enjoying normal teenage life, but I felt middle-aged'
‘I couldn't take it in at the time,' says Amanda, now 24 and a dance teacher living in Nuneaton, Warwickshire.
‘I think, initially, Mum was more upset than me — about the fact that I'd never have my own baby. She realised that would influence the rest of my life.
‘My friends were enjoying normal teenage life, but I felt middle-aged.'
Amanda had been in the throes of the menopause since she was 11, making her the youngest person in the UK to have experienced it. The average age of menopause in this country is 51.
But while Amanda's story is extreme, she is not alone. In fact, increasing numbers of young women, some still in their teens, are experiencing early menopause.
Before they've even had chance to fall in love or start their first job, let alone think about starting a family, some girls are having to endure the menopause and its challenges — not only the mood swings and hot flushes, but also an increased risk of osteoporosis, stroke and cardiovascular disease.
Growing pains: Amanda on her eleventh birthday, not long after she had to start taking HRT
Premature menopause — or premature ovarian failure (POF), as it's known medically — is usually defined as menopause occurring before 40.
Known medical causes range from the side-effects of cancer treatment to chromosomal or auto-immune disorders.
However, a worrying study last year found that higher than expected numbers of women are becoming infertile before 40, for no known medical reason.
The study, conducted by Imperial College London, one of the most comprehensive in its field, revealed that around six per cent of women had an unexplained premature menopause — a figure far higher than previous estimates, which were as low as one per cent.
What's more, women from a lower socio-economic background are three times more likely to experience menopause before the age of 40 than those from a higher socio-economic background, although researchers couldn't explain why.
' I tried to talk to friends, but it was hard. Everyone said at least I wouldn't have to worry about condoms - people often don't understand the emotional implications'
Dr Marilyn Glenville, patron of the early menopause charity, The Daisy Network, says: ‘Early menopause is on the increase. Better diagnosis is a factor, but even taking that into account, it still seems to be rising.
‘In about 70 per cent of cases of premature ovarian failure there is a clear cause, such as radiotherapy treatment.
‘There are also genetic links: if your mother went through an early menopause, there is an increased chance you will, too.'
Dr Glenville adds that in some cases, however, there is simply no explanation.
‘A study last year suggested a connection with the chemicals in non-stick pans — it may be that some of the hormone-disrupting chemicals in our environment are having a toxic effect we don't fully understand.'
Dr Heather Currie, a gynaecologist and founder of Menopause Matters, says: ‘A true diagnosis of teenage menopause is devastating.
‘The implication of infertility, and the reality that the only way to get pregnant will be to use an egg donor, not easily accessible on the NHS, can be very distressing.'
Mum at last: Despite an early menopause, Rebecca was able to have daughter Jessica through egg donation
Rebecca Swain, 28, is one of those cases where the causes remain bafflingly obscure.
Rebecca, from Stretford in Manchester, started experiencing menopausal symptoms when she was 15. ‘My periods stopped and I was having hot flushes,' says Rebecca, who left school shortly afterwards to train as a hairdresser.
‘It was summer so, at first, I blamed my hot flushes on that,' she says. ‘I'd be boiling hot and wet with sweat for ten minutes at a time, which was awful and made sleeping difficult.
‘My hair became very thin, and I was irritable and short-tempered, which was out of character.'
Rebecca ignored her symptoms for a couple of months, hoping they would pass. But, unfortunately, they didn't, so she visited her GP, who referred her for tests.
‘I had my blood and hormone levels checked, then a scan which showed my ovaries had shrunk. I was diagnosed with POF, though doctors couldn't explain the cause of it.'
Difficult time: Rebecca was just a teenager when the menopause started and struggled to understand what was happening to her body
At 17, Rebecca was going through the menopause before her mother, who was 39. At first, Rebecca was prescribed HRT. ‘But it didn't ease the menopausal symptoms, and it made me feel out of sorts,' she says.
‘In retrospect, I think maybe that was because I didn't like the idea of taking HRT at such a young age.'
Rebecca started taking the contraceptive Pill instead of HRT, to provide her body with the oestrogen it had stopped producing.
Dr Heather Currie says it's important that women who experience the menopause so young replace the hormones which decline during this chapter of a woman's life.
‘Oestrogen is helpful for our heart, bones and brains, so it's generally recommended that women going through early menopause take HRT at least until the average age of menopause, to protect them from the long-term impact of this oestrogen deficiency.'
Dr Currie says it remains unclear whether HRT or the Pill is the best treatment for early menopause.
‘The hormones in HRT are thought to be more like those that the body produces naturally, while those in the contraceptive Pill are considered stronger and more synthetic.
‘For many young women, however, the contraceptive Pill is a more appealing option — and that should be taken into account, since early menopause has a huge psycho- logical impact.'
Amanda, who has been in a relationship with 28-year-old photographer Chris Power for three years, started HRT at 13.
'When I realised I might never have my own family, I was devastated. It seemed so unfair to have the option taken away so young'
But, two years later, she swapped it for the Pill after developing migraines which she believed could have been caused by HRT.
‘My teenage years weren't the best time. I was having internal examinations by doctors before I'd even been kissed,' she says.
‘I tried to talk to friends, but it was hard. Everyone said at least I wouldn't have to worry about condoms — people often don't understand the emotional implications.
‘When I realised I might never have my own family, I was devastated. It seemed so unfair to have the option taken away so young. But my boyfriend knew from day one and, thankfully, it hasn't affected our relationship.'
Amanda fears her condition is likely to become more difficult to accept, but she is not without hope for the future. ‘As more of my friends become pregnant, I realise how much I want to be a mum. It's not going to be easy — finding an egg donor is hard and IVF is expensive — but I want to try.
‘When I was 20 I had a laparoscopy, which showed that my womb is healthy, so it may be that I'll be able to get pregnant using egg donation.
‘At the moment, I'm concentrating on my career but, in the next few years, it's an option I'll explore. If that fails, I'll look into adoption. I still see my future as being a mum — I hope I'm not disappointed.'
For women robbed early in life of the biological essence of their femininity, the process of conceiving and bearing a child can be a healing one.
After years on an NHS waiting list for an egg donor, Rebecca found a donor through her mother, Beverley, 49, a school cook, who persuaded one of her colleagues, Lindsey O'Brien, now 40, to donate.
Hope: Yvette went through the menopause at 14 and is waiting for an egg donor so she can become a mum with husband Jamie
‘It was amazing to be pregnant and feel my body doing what it was supposed to do,' says Rebecca, whose daughter, Jessica, is now four.
Sadly, Rebecca's relationship with Jessica's father broke down two years ago. She says her condition had nothing to do with the break-up, but concedes: ‘I think it's hard for a man to understand what I went through.'
Rebecca is now engaged to her new partner, Simon Sidderley, 27, an account manager, and hopes to repeat the experience of motherhood using a donor egg.
‘I've been honest with Simon about my situation, and I'd love to be pregnant again,' she says.
Yvette Charman, 30, a carer at a children's hospice, also hopes to use an egg donor to become pregnant. She only discovered she was post-menopausal when she came off the Pill to start a family after marrying Jamie, 24, an office worker, in July 2010.
Unbeknown to her, Yvette had gone through the menopause at 14.
After her periods stopped and she began experiencing night sweats, hot flushes and mood swings, a consultant told Yvette she had a ‘hormonal imbalance' and prescribed the contraceptive Pill.
She started having regular periods again but, despite taking the Pill, Yvette continued to suffer terrible night sweats.
Who knew? Women who smoke face going through the menopause at least a year earlier than non-smokers
Years later, when Yvette was 28 and stopped taking the Pill, her periods stopped, too, and she was referred to hospital for tests which revealed that she was infertile — news delivered to her casually by a student doctor.
‘He blurted out to me that I wouldn't be able to have children naturally. I didn't know I'd been through the menopause. I was devastated.'
Yvette, from Hampshire, struggled with the emotional blow. ‘I kept telling Jamie he'd be better off without me, because I couldn't bear the thought that I was potentially depriving him of his chance to have a family. I felt he should find a fertile woman who could give that to him.'
But Jamie was undeterred.
With his support, Yvette saw a more sympathetic consultant, who explained she was post-menopausal, but could consider having IVF using an egg donor, and that HRT might be a better treatment option for her than the Pill. ‘The HRT immediately had a big impact,' she says.
‘The night sweats stopped and my mood improved. I had a bone scan to see if I'd developed osteoporosis. Luckily, I haven't.
‘I'll stay on HRT until we find an egg donor. I think there's a huge stigma attached to the menopause — women are made to feel they're past it, but I have so much to look forward to.
The House vote to end the government shutdown was briefly interrupted when a stenographer bizarrely stepped up to the dias and started to speak into the mic.
Dianne Reidy, a Congressional staffer formerly from Long Island, went into a zany rant about Freemasons and the Constitution before being dragged off from the House floor by officers.
Lawmakers said she was yelling about the devil and the House being divided. Texas Democratic Rep. Joaquin Castro said she had a crazed look on her face.
As she was led into an elevator by security, she was heard to shout, “This is not one nation under God. It never was.”
She also screamed, “Praise be to God, Lord Jesus Christ.”
Records don't indicate that Reidy is affiliated with a political party. A person who picked up the phone at her home Wednesday night refused to comment.
The outburst occurred while the House was voting on legislation ending the government shutdown and extending the federal debt limit.
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – If you live in Miami or Fort Lauderdale and want fast wireless and data service, you have a new, superfast option: T-Mobile.
The wireless carrier has expanded the number of markets where unlocked iPhones (iPhones bought at full price in order to pair it with a prepaid plan) can tap into its higher network speeds.
The carrier said yesterday in a blog post that 10 new metro areas would get its faster HSPA+ network on the 1900 megahertz band. That's important because the iPhone is compatible only with 1900MHz, meaning that in most other markets, it is stuck on the much slower 2G Edge network.
Part of the allure of the 1900MHz HSPA+ is it that allows unlocked AT&T devices to enjoy 4G speeds on T-Mobile's network.
In addition, other T-Mobile customers should get enhanced voice and data coverage as a result of the network upgrade. The 10 new areas include: Miami; Phoenix; San Francisco; Mesa and Tucson, Ariz.; Modesto, Oakland, San Jose and Stockton, Calif.; and Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
These 10 new markets with 1900MHz HSPA+ network join already existing areas Baltimore; Houston; Kansas City; Las Vegas and Washington D.C. Looking ahead, T-Mobile anticipates that Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, the New York metro area, Philadelphia, San Diego and Seattle, should see enhanced coverage. First announced back in the summer, the enhanced coverage is part of T-Mobile's $4 billion effort to fill gaps as it deploys its LTE network next year.
T-Mobile's network improvement and push to lure in unlocked iPhones is part of the carrier's “challenger strategy.” While T-Mobile may not want to strike a deal with Apple to officially sell the handset, it will do its part to peel away users. Still, the carrier has made it very obvious that it would like to provide service for users who own the iPhone.
Sorting through the incredible number of wood varieties is a task of enormous proportions, and one we didn't even think of taking on. Lucky for us there are people who are doing just that.
Exotic Wood Pictures: Exotic Wood Displayed, described, and Identified is "a non-commercial site focusing on color-correct pictures of exotic and domestic woods." The site, which I found while performing the always necessary first step in any research, a Google search, is wonderful for exploring the amazing colors of the different varieties of wood. The highlighted statistics for the site read:
# different types of wood represented: 685
# unique pictures of those woods: 17,722
For any hard core wood fan out there this a great site to sort through hundreds of options for any upcoming wood related projects you might have on the table, or in the COLOURlovers case, this site can offer inspiration from the unique colors that make up each type.
Below we have assembled a few inspirational palettes with their corresponding types from some of the 685 wood varieties represented on the site. Plus, a few images of the incredible colors of petrified wood.
Wood Color Inspiration
Angico
Guearu
Bosse
Cinnamon
Caretto
Oak, Bog
Bishop Wood
Briar
Podo
Zircote
Cocuswood
Blackbean
Beech
Makai
Buckthorn
Cancharana
Chakte kok
Irodo
Zapote
Lychee
Zitan
Huanghuali
Faieira
Palm, Red
Snakewood
Camphor
Lacewood
Ash, Oil
Caragana
Maple, Spalted
Angico
Chemchem
Cebil
Koa
Eisbirke
Melia
Redheart
Poui
Zorra
Bois de Rose
Petrified wood
Petrified wood is a type of fossil: it consists of fossil wood where all the organic materials have been replaced with minerals (most often a silicate, such as quartz), while retaining the original structure of the wood. The petrifaction process occurs underground, when wood becomes buried under sediment and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen. Mineral-rich water flowing through the sediment deposits minerals in the plant's cells and as the plant's lignin and cellulose decay away, a stone mould forms in its place.
Photo by absentmindedprof
Elements such as manganese, iron and copper in the water/mud during the petrification process give petrified wood a variety of color ranges. Pure quartz crystals are colorless, but when contaminants are added to the process the crystals take on a yellow, red or other tint.
Photo by kubina
Following is a list of contaminating elements and related color hues: * carbon - black
* cobalt - green/blue
* chromium - green/blue
* copper - green/blue
* iron oxides - red, brown, and yellow
* manganese - pink/orange
* manganese oxides - black
Photo by gembone
Petrified wood can preserve the original structure of the wood in all its detail, down to the microscopic level. Structures such as tree rings and the various tissues are often observed features.
Photo by jamesdale10
Photo by charlestilford
You can help support Exotic Wood Pictures: Exotic Wood Displayed, described and Identified by going to the site and donating through PayPal.
Deferred Cleanup, Checking Errors, and Potential Problems
The defer statement in Go is frequently used to ensure that once a resource has been acquired, it will be properly cleaned up. In its simplest form it works exactly as you expect. But, as you move to more advanced usages there are some things to watch out for. I'd like to share one that I recently ran into while writing Bleve test cases.
Basics
The power of the defer statement in Go is that it lets you put the acquisition and cleanup of a resource side by side. When you read code later, it's easy to see that the correct behavior is guaranteed. Let's take a look at a simple example:
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer r.Close() } type Resource struct { name string } func Open(name string) (*Resource, error) { return &Resource{name}, nil } func (r *Resource) Close() error { log.Printf("closing %s
", r.name) return nil }
Run this in the Go Playground
The main function shows some very common behavior. Open a resource, check for an error, then defer Closing the resource. When we run this, we get the expected behavior:
2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing a
Opening another Resource, Reusing the Variable
Let's make the example a bit more complex. Now, after closing the resource, we will open another one (with a different name). Can we reuse the same variable?
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer r.Close() r, err = Open("b") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'b'
") } defer r.Close() }
Run this in the Go Playground
When I was new to Go and first encountered this code I wasn't sure if this would work. I knew that defer would not execute until the end of main, but would it close ‘a' AND ‘b'? Or would it close ‘b' twice? If we run it we see:
2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing b 2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing a
So, it does work, this is the expected output. Some of you may be wondering, but why does it work? As the Go blog Defer, Panic, and Recover explains,
“A deferred function's arguments are evaluated when the defer statement is evaluated.”
In our case, the method receiver ‘r' for the Close() method behaves just like an argument. So the ‘r' is evaluated at the time the defer statement is evaluated, and NOT when the statement is executed. In Bleve code we saw this pattern occur frequently in test cases. We would acquire a resource, take some action, close the resource, check the state of things, then repeat the process.
errcheck?
Last February I had the amazing opportunity to attend GopherCon India. One of the many things I learned while there was of a tool called errcheck. The idea of the tool is simple, it looks at your Go code and identifies places where you're not checking a returned error. This seemed like such an obvious thing to do, so I ran it on the entire Bleve codebase. We found several clear cases where an error was returned, and we would not propagate the error back to the caller.
But what happens if we run errcheck on the code we just wrote above?
github.com/mschoch/defertest/main.go:10:15 defer r.Close() github.com/mschoch/defertest/main.go:16:15 defer r.Close()
The Close() method returns an error. Although it's not used in this contrived example, I coded it that way on purpose as that is very common in the real world. Does checking this error matter? If closing the first resource results in an error, should you try to close the second one? In the abstract these are interesting philosophical questions, but let's assume we do want to check the errors. How would we do it? My first attempt looked like this:
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer func() { err := r.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }() r, err = Open("b") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'b'
") } defer func() { err := r.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }() }
Run this in the Go Playground
I added an anonymous function which invokes r.Close(), checks the error, and if its non-nil we exit the program through log.Fatal(). It seems like such a simple change, but we've introduced a severe bug into the code. In our case we can see it clearly since we're printing out the name of the resource being closed:
2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing b 2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing b
Oops! We're now closing the ‘b' resource twice, and never closing the ‘a' resource. This is a severe problem, closing ‘b' a second time may not be well defined behavior, and not closing ‘a' may leak resources.
Where did we go wrong? Remember the rule we were given was:
“A deferred function's arguments are evaluated when the defer statement is evaluated.”
And in our new code, the deferred function has no arguments, and no method receiver. We're now relying on the anonymous function referring to ‘r'. The Go spec says:
”…they may refer to variables defined in a surrounding function. Those variables are then shared between the surrounding function and the function literal, and they survive as long as they are accessible.”
So, now it's fairly clear what happened. At the time the defer statement was evaluated, the arguments were evaluated, but there were none. Then at the end of the function, the deferred function is executed, and now as the anonymous functions are executed, ‘r' is evaluated, and in both cases it refers to ‘b'.
The Fix
Option 1, we can rewrite the defer statement to pass ‘r' as an argument:
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer func(r *Resource) { err := r.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }(r) r, err = Open("b") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'b'
") } defer func(r *Resource) { err := r.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }(r) }
This does give the correct output:
2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing b 2009/11/10 23:00:00 closing a
But, to be honest, it's rather verbose. In many cases it may just be simpler to use a different variable name. Option 2, use a new variable for the second resource:
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer func() { err := r.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }() r2, err := Open("b") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'b'
") } defer func() { err := r2.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }() }
UPDATE: 2015-09-29
Users discussing this on Reddit proposed a third option. Create a named cleanup function and use the existing io.Closer interface:
func main() { r, err := Open("a") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'a'
") } defer Close(r) r, err = Open("b") if err != nil { log.Fatalf("error opening 'b'
") } defer Close(r) } func Close(c io.Closer) { err := c.Close() if err != nil { log.Fatal(err) } }
Run this in the Go Playground
As I mentioned earlier, in Bleve this pattern only seems to arise in test cases. I suspect in real code you'd be more likely to already be using more descriptive identifiers.
Summary
To me the lesson here is that we had a simple pattern for deferred cleanup that worked. I even explicitly took the time to verify that it cleaned up the correct resources when I reused variables. Then I took the seemingly natural step to make sure we check all the returned errors. But, I was a bit careless and overlooked that the deferred anonymous function can have significantly different behavior. It wasn't until I observed problems that I went back to recheck my assumptions and track down the problem.
A girl stands in front of a hole used by Islamic state's fighters to move from house to house as a battle continues in western Mosul, Iraq March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iraqi U.N. Ambassador Mohamed Ali Alhakim said on Friday there was “no evidence” that Islamic State had used chemical weapons in Mosul, where the militants are fighting off an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces.
Alhakim said he spoke with officials in Baghdad at midday on Friday and “there was really no evidence that Daesh has used this chemical weapon.” Daesh is another name for Islamic State.
The United Nations said last Saturday that 12 people, including women and children, had been treated for possible exposure to chemical weapons agents in Mosul since March 1.
The United Nations Security Council was briefed behind closed doors on the situation in Mosul on Friday by U.N. aid chief Stephen O'Brien and U.N. High Representative for Disarmament Affairs Kim Won-soo.
British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft, president of the council for March, said the 15-member body believed that Iraq's investigation into possible chemical weapons attacks was ongoing.
“We expressed concern over reports of possible use of chemical weapons by Daesh and we look forward to the results of Iraq's investigation into those allegations,” Rycroft told reporters after the briefing.
image from http://baysixusa.com/
For almost three years now, when asked what my favorite distance to race is, my answer has been the marathon. I don't even have to think about it. I love this distance. I love it because it's hard. I love it because it not only demands your respect, but it requires your respect. The marathon can and will kick your ass.
The marathon makes you work hard and doesn't allow for dishonesty. If you don't do the work, the marathon knows and will punish you for it. Even when you do put in the work, the marathon may still find a reason to send you to the corner to think about what you've done (or haven't done). Anything can happen on marathon day.
The marathon may be the equivalent of your high school English teacher who fails your otherwise amazing paper for use of the passive voice, but on those days when it's decided to accept your hard work, there is nearly unparalleled glory to be had at the finish line. No matter what level marathoner you are, just the act of stepping across that finish line is a reward greater than any medal around your neck. That particular feeling of accomplishment and knowing you earned that final step at the end of 26.2 miles can't be obtained any other way.
The uninitiated may easily look at running and see it as just another sport or mindless activity. They may see it simply as nothing more than putting one foot in front of the other repeatedly, but the marathon is proof alone that this is nonsense. The physical portion of the marathon is just the beginning. You do not become a marathoner without the will to be one. On most days, the marathon requires much more from you mentally than physically. As your body starts to fatigue and your effortless stride gradually transforms into what you swear is the worst pain any human has ever felt, the only thing that will get you to the finish line is the mental strength to keep reassuring yourself that you will make it and to keep on pushing through the pain. Without the mental strength to remind yourself how hard you worked and how it will all be worth it, that finish line is entirely beyond reach.
Running a marathon requires strategy, there is nothing mindless about it. You cannot simply line up at the start and go for it. 26.2 miles is much too far to go without a plan. You must put together at least a loose idea of how you will attack this monster. And this is not a one-plan-fits-all affair, every race is different. What is your overall goal? How will you achieve that? What pace are you able to run? How fast should take those first few miles? How do you approach the uphills? Do you let yourself fly on the downhills? When do you start picking up the pace for a strong finish? How much do you eat in the days leading up to the race? What do you eat? What do you eat race morning? What do you eat during the race? How much water should you take during the race? Should you be taking a sports drink? What's your backup plan for when everything goes to hell? How about when that plan goes to hell? When you've blown through your A, B, and C goals, how will you still motivate yourself to finish? How do you adjust the plan you've worked on for months when your race falls on an unseasonably warm day or the winds are gusting at 30mph? Which shoes do you wear on race day? How will you keep your mind focused for three, four, five, or six hours? Will it be worth it to pee your shorts (or runderwear) instead of taking a minute to stop running? The considerations go on and on and anything you overlook is likely to quickly become your undoing.
My wrist
I love the marathon for all these reasons. I love the marathon because I respect the marathon. And I love the marathon because it kicked my ass this past weekend. I went into a race more prepared than I've ever been and came out on the other side with a personal worst. I picked a fight and got embarrassed out on the playground in front of the whole school. This is why I love the marathon. Nothing is a given and you can take nothing for granted.
I may spend a solid third of most of my marathons wanting nothing more than for the pain to be over, but I'm not looking for an easy way out. I didn't ask for it to be easy. I asked for it to be hard. Through all the heartbreak of a race gone bad, at no point on that Sunday did I ever want to quit, nor was I miserable. I was privileged enough to get to run my sixth marathon and I regret nothing. Even a disaster of a race is 100% worth it when you cross that finish line. The hardest miles were the ones during which I spent the most time thinking ahead to my next race and how I will work even harder to reach my goal.
My race on Sunday was a test of my love for the marathon, I got to put the words “the marathon is my favorite distance” to the test. Not only was my love confirmed, but I love it even more now than ever before. This is my race.
I love the marathon.
What's your favorite race distance? Why do you love it so much?
For the record label, see Wooden Nickel Records
Office for Emergency Management, War Production Board. (circa 1942-43)
In the United States, a wooden nickel is a wooden token coin, usually issued by a merchant or bank as a promotion, sometimes redeemable for a specific item such as a drink.
History [ edit ]
Scrip and tokens have often been issued locally in times of severe economic distress such as financial crises and the Civil War. During the Depression, a local bank in Tenino, Washington, issued emergency currency printed on thin shingles of wood.[1] Blaine, Washington, soon did the same with both flat scrip and, in response to requests generated by news and word of mouth, coins that included a 5-cent piece.[2] The Chicago World's Fair in 1933 issued wooden nickels as souvenirs, and the tradition of wooden nickels as tokens and souvenirs continues to the present day.[3]
In more recent times, wooden nickel trading has become more popular. Individuals can have their own personalized token made and then trade with others who also have had their own made. This is especially popular in geocaching.
An American adage, "Don't take any wooden nickels" is considered a lighthearted reminder to be cautious in one's dealings. This adage, too, precedes the use of wooden nickels as a replacement currency, suggesting that its origins lie not in the genuine monetary value of nickels but rather in their purely commemorative nature.[4][5][6]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ http://teninodepotmuseum.org/wooden_money_5.html. ^ Richard Clark, Sam Hill's Peace Arch, AuthorHouse (2005), p. 230, and http://www.nationalsilverdollarroundtable.org/?p=1179 ^ John Blackwell, “Brother, Can You Spare Some Scrip?” Coinage Magazine, June 2009. ^ Price, Steven (June 22, 2011). Endangered Phrases: Intriguing Idioms Dangerously Close to Extinction. Skyhorse Publishing. p. 67. ISBN 978-1616082475. Don't let yourself be cheated. This expression was first heard in the early 20th century. Although there never were any wooden nickels as legal tender, country folk going to a city were likely to be cheated by all manner of ruses, including obviously counterfeit coins. Wooden nickels did exist, however, as bank promotions during and after the Great Depression; the “coins” were redeemable for prizes. ^ Bruce, Elyse (January 4, 2011). "Don't Take Any Wooden Nickels". Historically Speaking . However, the concept of wooden nickels was alive and well before the Depression Era as evidenced by an article in the Chicago Daily Tribune on February 11, 1925 reported: He was the kind of man who calls back, 'Don't take any wooden nickels' as he disappears through the door. ^ Kipfer, Barbara Ann; Chapman, Robert L. (September 4, 2007). The Dictionary of American Slang (4 ed.). HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0061176463 . Take care of yourself; good-bye, and watch yourself •Used as an amiable parting salutation (1915+)
Woody Johnson purchased the Jets for 635 million dollars in January 2000 after the previous owner, Leon Hess, passed away in 1999. In the 15 years of Johnson's ownership, the Jets have had a few successful years, plenty of mediocre years, and also some really painful years. Putting aside personal feelings of how he has run the ship, this is simply looking at the stats his teams have posted since he became owner.
A few points to note:
Woody has been with the team since before the 2000-2001 season, so the stats of that team are included in this post.
Since Woody Johnson purchased the Jets, exactly half of the NFL teams have had new owners. Before Johnson, the last ownership changes in the NFL were Dan Snyder buying the Washington Redskins in 1999 and Al Lerner resurrecting the Browns franchise also in 1999. Around the same time the 49ers also traded hands in 2010, going to the York family.
Some franchises such as the Giants, which are included in the 16 teams, have passed down the ownership of the team to family members in the years since Woody Johnson arrived. I feel those teams should be noted with an asterisk as they did not officially go up for sale. Included in the list of teams that have changed owners within the owners' family are Oakland, Tennessee, San Francisco, Kansas City, and Detroit.
Subtracting those from the list that leaves a total of 6 teams having completely new owners since Woody Johnson took over the Jets. That's not a large number, and it shows that owners tend to keep teams for awhile.
Here are the stats of the Jets since Woody Johnson took over since the 2000-2001 campaign:
Regular Season record: 117-123. Winning percentage: (48.75%)
Years at or below .500: 9 seasons
Playoff Appearances: 6 ( 40% )
AFCD appearances: 4 (26.67 %)
AFCC: 2 (13.33%)
SuperBowls: 0
Longest Playoff Drought: 4 years (current)
Longest Playoff Win Drought (4 years twice 2005-2009, 2010-current)
Best record: 11-5 (2010)
Worst record 4-12 (2005, 2007, 2014)
Number of coaches: 4
Average Tenure: 3 years
Shortest Tenure: Al Groh (1 season)
Longest Tenure: Rex Ryan (6 seasons)
Number of GMs: 4*
Shortest Tenure: Parcells (1 year)
Longest Tenure: "Teflon" Terry Bradway (7 seasons)
*This includes Bill Parcells who lasted only one year and shared the role of a traditional GM with Mike Tannenbaum. The Jets did not have an official GM that year. Since 2001, only 3 men have had the role of GM, with a fourth to be added to the list in 2015.
Commentary:
The Jets regular season record is just about the definition of mediocre under Woody Johnson. His teams average over 7 wins but under 9 losses. They just about average to 8-8 a year.
Interesting to note: more than half of his seasons are .500 or better. However, 3 times under his ownership the team has gone 4-12 including this last year. Only 4 times have the Jets won as many as 10 games. Needless to say this puts us smack dab in the middle of the NFL food chain and shows we are usually pretty much around the .500 mark under Woody.
Playoffs is a whole other beast. The Jets recent success in 2009 and 2010 makes for some interesting stats and figures that can be interpreted multiple ways. Before the two runs in 2009 and 2010, the Jets had a losing record in the playoffs, but now it's exactly .500.
The Jets only made the divisional round twice before Rex Ryan's teams and never made it to the AFCG under any other coach. Twice the team was one and done in the playoffs. The Jets have averaged one win every time they make the playoffs under Woody.
League Comparison:
The regular season record speaks for itself. The most successful teams during this time: Patriots, Colts, Steelers and Packers. The least successful teams: Browns, Raiders and Lions. In a league of haves and have nots, the Jets are in the middle. I can't find any sortable data on exactly where the Jets fall but assume it's near the middle.
Playoffs in my opinion show the Jets have had consistent success under Johnson's ownership
Here's some food for thought. Since Woody Johnson has owned the team:
1 Team has never made the playoffs: the Bills
4 teams have playoff droughts lasting longer than 10 years.
7 teams have yet to win a single playoff game since 2000: the Dolphins, Lions, Browns, Raiders, Bills, Chiefs, and Bengals.
Nearly half the NFL has longer playoff win droughts than the Jets. The most recent team to break their playoff win drought: the Panthers (9 years)
More than half the NFL has not appeared in an AFC/ NFC Championship game since the Jets last did in 2010.
It's worth pointing out the Jets have had pretty consistent success getting in the playoffs under Woody, but have also had success winning games. Perhaps an example on the bad end would be the Lions, who have made playoffs, but have lost consistently every time they made it. The Jets have had two of four different coaches make the playoffs and win under Woody while all but one coach did not make the playoffs.
One thing that makes me wince is that nearly half of the NFL has played in a Super Bowl since 2000, a group that does not include the Jets. To me this suggests that while the Jets have had playoff success, they have not had the dream season a lot of teams do.
You can argue that in the 15 years Woody has owned the Jets, they have been better and more consistent than the Raiders, Bucs, Rams and Titans despite the fact all those teams have made the Super Bowl. Teams that have won it all since 2000 include the Buccaneers, Patriots, Giants, Steelers, Seahawks, Colts, Ravens and Packers. But if you measure success by championships the Jets lack even a conference crown. Teams that have made the big game but not won it include the Raiders, Cardinals, Rams, Bears and Eagles.
That's an interesting list to go through and figure out who would you consider more successful the last 15 years in it's entirety rather than based on one playoff run.
As for Woody Johnson's decisions in the front office and at head coaches, GM data is hard to come by and I would love to see someone take that ball and roll with it, but for coaches it's interesting. Only Bill Belichik has coached the same team since 2000. Since that time, teams have averaged around 5.5 head coaches. The Jets actually fall a little below average in terms of coaching changes.
The teams that have had two or fewer coaches: the Patriots, Broncos, Packers, Giants and Steelers. Perhaps also surprising considering the lack of recent success: the Titans have only had two coaches since 2000.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, the Raiders, Browns, and Redskins have hired 8 coaches. The Dolphins and Bills have had seven changes at the head coaching position. Needless to say those teams have not fared well.
As for things stats can't truly define, under Woody Johnson the Jets have had blunders with the famed concourse flashing incident, Miami tripping incident and PSL debacle. Additionally, the arrest record of the Jets is less than average of the NFL teams with 15 arrests prior to the 2014 season.
Looking over the data, I'd say Woody Johnson is about average as an owner. He's not great, and not awful. You can make the argument he can improve in several areas, but again he's run a pretty decent ship when looking across the NFL landscape.
Well it's my birthday today so I've been thinking about age as a concept, it's a complicated construction and almost an entirely social one. This makes it a very variable concept from place to place and I like this dynamic.
In any case reaching adulthood is important for any creature and this is no different in Erdafel, the various races in Eir have even among themselves different milestones and celebrations in their lifespans.
Gwarves being the longest lived race live to almost 150 years on average with 182 being the oldest recorded. They reach maturity around the age of 30 and reach their physical peak around 50 depending on the individual of course. Gwarves don't really celebrate birthdays year to year outside of acknowledgement but they do have certain rituals when the gwarve comes of age at 30 where the gwarve is given a large bar of iron and told to create something with it. Some sell the iron bar for profit, some create a weapon or armor piece with it, some create something personal like a plaque or trophy. Whatever is done with it is kept to the gwarve in question and is known as their “First Secret” which marks a turning point in their lives where such things are important. As gwarves reach the later stages in life, usually around the age of 120 if they live that long, they start to slow down, they suffer breathing problems commonly and find it harder to simply move around, they begin to lock up at their joints and their skin begins to crack and harden, very old gwarves spend almost all their time unmoving to avoid pain and after a time their heart simply slows to the point that it doesn't pump blood with enough pressure and they lose sensation in their legs and arms for a few days before they finally quietly die. An old gwarves body is extremely heavy compared to a young gwarves body of the same build so burying them is more difficult, the added weight is known as the “Weight of Time”.
Nomes live comparatively short lives with not many of them reaching past the age of 50 and reach maturity at only 10 or so. Nomes celebrate every birthday up to about 15 or so usually and after that they aren't really considered an important time outside of a passing mention. Nomes have no coming of age celebration although the age of 5 is important to nomes as that is the time they usually leave the outpost or town they have grown up in and first take to the skies on their parents gliders. As nomes grow to an older age they usually suffer mental degeneration, it's subtle at first but they often find they can't concentrate easily and eventually at all often talking about past event as if they were happening in front of them, this can be dangerous or scary to an outsider as the situation they are reliving may be a traumatic one. Nomes are usually killed by their children or at their own request before the degeneration gets too far along, often even earlier if they fear a particularly bad past coming back to them. It is a sad time for a family but a universal one so any nome will console another after such an event. Nomes who reach the last few years of their expectancy are usually much more wispy and withered, many also have severe cataracts and ligament softening which causes dislocation easily.
Humanns are perhaps the second longest living race with the majority of their population reaching 50 easily and with some individuals reaching 90 years in age. Humanns celebrate every birthday with a family gathering with the coming of age party at 20 being the most important. Humanns often give gifts at this coming of age gathering that will help the adult in their future life, be it a hammer, a traveling pack or a weapon of some description. It is seen as distasteful to give too great a gift as the recipient is meant to take the gifts and earn something greater so giving something great to start is most often seen as a curse unless they truly expect them to better it. Humanns who reach the age of 70 or so often find their hair whiten and their skin crease and darken, they suffer from internal pain in their stomach a lot and find it hard to swallow. They also often run fevers and are susceptible to illnesses even if they seem to recover faster than younger people. Humann corpses are almost always disposed of in funeral pyres given that burial in sand is not a lasting end.
Havlin are a robust bunch living to almost 70 at the oldest, many havlin usually live to only 40 but it's variable. Havlin celebrate no birthdays at all, seeing the increase in age as only a negative thing in their society. Havlin who reach a great age often have intense trouble breathing out of water which only gets worse with time until they must stay submerged at all times, they also suffer from hallucinations and depression after a while although this is usually the last days of the havlin in question. Havlin bury their dead on tiny islands near the sea and mark them with either coral or large shells.
Orckran aging is perhaps the most curious as they live at most 80 years like elvarian but as they reach the age of 65 or sometimes as late as 70 they begin to “Fade”, they become slightly ethereal figures with their outlines becoming indistinct and their features blurred. You can still reach out and lay your hand on them but visually they start to appear a translucent black smudge eventually fading entirely until they barely have any visual presence, even touching them becomes hard as they seem to distort as you approach. Their strength at this stage is phenomenal, with the act of getting out of a chair often leaving a room in complete devastation. Every physical act at this stage of life is incredibly taxing and very powerful but thoughts are slow and hard to think, orckran at this age are almost always asleep and after a time their tangible visual and physical presence fades into non-existence. They can still be woken up and talked to for a few days after this if you call out to them in the area they were but their voice gets quieter and they become harder to rouse from slumber until one day they stop responding at all.
Elvarian aging is a slow process, they live around 80 years at the oldest, although stories tell of a time they lived forever and indeed the scion is a living example. They start to feel the effects of old age relatively early, sometimes as early as 40; they begin to have trouble sleeping and they start to have trouble seeing certain colors. After a time the insomnia worsens and they are lucky to get a few hours of sleep every few days, this leads to mental instability which isn't helped by onset colorblindness and a slight glow to their skin in the dark. After a time the insomnia becomes fatal as they cannot sleep at all and they die within a week or so. The later stages of this don't set in until late in life. Elva used eat their dead at mortuary feasts although this has fallen out of practice the last two centuries as medicine has warned against the practice. It is still common among the very rich though and even more common for their elders antlers to be taken from the corpse and displayed as a reminder of them, often placed above a painting of them.
Columbians decided Tuesday to keep City Hall as it has operated for 64 years, resoundingly rejecting a strong-mayor form of government.
About 11,700 voters went to the polls in the city's first single-issue referendum in most residents' memory and voted “No” by a 57 percent to 43 percent margin, according to unofficial results. Voter turnout was roughly 16 percent.
That's a nearly 14 percentage point victory to maintain the council-manager system that has come under severe criticism in the hotly contested campaign.
“I told folks, if it's not broken, don't break it,” a happy I.S. Leevy Johnson said as the outcome became clear by 8:30 p.m. The former president of the State Bar Association and one of the state's first African-Americans to be elected to the S.C. House in the early 1970s, Johnson said he made radio ads and recorded robo calls in opposition to making the mayor Columbia's chief executive.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The State
Kit Smith, one of the organizers of the “No” campaign, reveled in the outcome.
“Never doubt the power of a small group of citizens coming together and working together,” Smith, a former Richland County Council member, told a cheering group assembled at her Wales Garden home afterward.
It seemed foolhardy in the beginning of the campaign just weeks ago to try to oppose so many of the state's and Columbia's most powerful figures, Smith said in an interview.
“Taking on (Gov.) Nikki Haley, (former Gov.) Jim Hodges, (former State Attorney General) Henry Dargan McMaster, the Chamber of Commerce, (former city Councilwoman) Belinda Gergel, (Charleston Mayor) Joe Riley, (state Sen. and gubernatorial candidate) Vincent Sheen, Rep. James Smith, The State newspaper editorial board was daunting,” she said of “Yes” backers.
Mayor Steve Benjamin, who became the face of the “Yes” campaign, acknowledged the vote without uttering the word “concede.”
“It's important to respect that vote,” Benjamin told about 50 supporters gathered in the lobby of the Barringer Building at Main and Washington streets. In an interview earlier, he said of trying to improve the city, “We fought the good fight and came up short. We're going to have to work a little harder, and it's going to take a little longer.”
Asked if he would try again in four years with a strong-mayor push, as his second term ends, Benjamin said, “I haven't even thought about it.” But he added, “My parents raised me to be a change agent.”
State law requires at least four years between referendums to change a city's form of government.
Howard Duvall, the former director of the Municipal Association of South Carolina and a leader of the “No” campaign, repeated on Tuesday one of the group's key strategies – to separate the form of government decision from Benjamin's popularity. Benjamin won a second term just last month by 30 percentage points.
“We support Steve Benjamin,” Duvall said. “He is a young, energetic leader with a vision. We were never anti-Benjamin. We were just pro-professional manager.”
The mayor's coattails did not carry over to the referendum.
In the politically influential Greenview precinct, for example, 329 of 1,700 registered voters cast ballots. Some 214 voted “Yes;” 115 voted “No.”
Greenview twice has voted overwhelmingly for Benjamin.
Two old friends from the neighborhood seemed to personify the split the referendum created.
Harold Murray and Oliver Francis stood shoulder-to-shoulder at the entrance to Greenview Park, where voters cast ballots.
Asked if they supported a switch to a strong mayor as Columbia's chief executive, they answered simultaneously: “No,” responded Murray. “Yes,” Francis said.
The African-American friends, who met while coaching baseball in the neighborhood, already had decided to stand at the entranceway to greet voters and express their views.
“I do not think there would be any benefit to a change in government,” Murray told a reporter. “If we have problems, we need to change people.”
Too many Greenview voters see the referendum as an endorsement on Benjamin's programs, Murray said. They aren't looking at what it would mean to change the form of government, he said.
Francis argued the public would gain accountability with an empowered mayor answerable to voters, compared to a city manager who answers to council. Francis also wants to stop what he called revolving doors in the city manager and police chief offices.
“With is this type of government, we have seven chiefs and you just keep passing the buck,” Francis said. “To me, it ain't working.”
In Ward 8, a huge largely African-American precinct with about 3,400 registered voters which Benjamin won easily last month, a mere 80 people voted.
At Ward 33, which votes at Martin Luther King Park and has about 1,100 registered voters, 147 people voted. The split was close with 80 voting “Yes” and 67 voting “No.”
In largely white Pennington precinct in the southern, more conservative part of town, the referendum went down hard: 412 “No” to 165 “Yes.” Pennington has about 2,600 registered voters.
Wards 24 and 25 rejected a strong mayor by large margins: more than 3-to-1 in Ward 25; 4-to-1 in Ward 24, the uncertified numbers show. Both precincts vote at Kilbourne Park Baptist Church.
Both sides of the divisive issue claimed they spoke for broad coalitions.
Columbia Citizens for Better Government was organized into the “Yes” campaign with backing from the Greater Columbia Chamber of Commerce, politicians from both parties, and leaders from some neighborhoods and churches – and, toward the end, Gov. Nikki Haley.
Benjamin called them “a motley crew” during his speech to supporters. “We all came together and centered on an optimism campaign. Thank you for your hard work, and the hard work's just beginning.”
The crowd packed into Smith's home showed the unusual range of the “No” group, which formed under the named Communities United for a Better Columbia.
Vickie Eslinger, a Columbia lawyer at the party, said, “I voted with people I never voted with before.” A Democrat, Eslinger spotted conservative Columbia businessman Rusty DePass in the crowd. She laughed when she learned they each cast votes against a strong mayor.
“I said, ‘oh my gosh – does that mean we're on the same side?'” Eslinger said.
People who dropped by Smith's house displayed the diversity of opponents of the referendum: City Council members Moe Baddourah, Sam Davis, Leona Plaugh and Tameika Isaac Devine; NAACP president Lonnie Randolph; former S.C. House member Candy Waites, former Chamber president Robin Gorman, former City Council member Anne Sinclair, perennial council candidate Joe Azar, social activist Kevin Gray and attorney Johnson.
Smith said the citizen-volunteers adopted some of the trappings of a professionally run campaign on a shoestring budget.
They formed a phone bank that in recent days made hundreds of calls, put up $2 yard signs and mailed out thousands of postcards at a cost of about $1 a card, she said.
A month ago, Smith said, the “No's” raised $4,000 to $5,000, and “we found we could win if people had more information.”
At 9:05 p.m., Smith read the final tally to the crowd, with her side getting 6,684 votes and victory.
The crowd exploded into cheers.
Johnson said that Republican Haley's weekend endorsement of a strong mayor “was one of the turning points.”
“We started picking up momentum then,” he said.
Bob Liming, a former member of the Columbia-area transportation authority, said that what happened Tuesday was a response to an empowered mayor. “Absolute power – that is what the people rejected tonight!” Liming said, adding that Haley interjecting herself into a local campaign irked Columbians.
Benjamin had pushed City Council several times this year to allow voters to decide for themselves. Council rejected all but one of those efforts, each time by a one-vote margin.
Only after Benjamin and the leadership of the Chamber united publicly to force a referendum, did council relent. The “yes' forces hired a private company to gather the necessary 11,000-plus signatures of eligible voters to mandate Tuesday's election.
Strong-mayor opponents argued that the current form of government is sufficient – if council members would let the city manager run the city without meddling in daily operations.
Those pushing for change say Columbia needs an elected chief executive with the administrative muscle to make decisions quickly so the city can better compete for businesses and the jobs they would bring.
Duvall, who specialized in municipal government, said he has cautioned council members that they must start abiding by the legal standards that state law spells out for a council-manager, or strong-manager, form of government.
Tuesday night, as an excited Smith looked around her crowded living room, she smiled broadly. She was gazing at blacks and whites, Republicans and Democrats, and conservatives and liberals.
“I have to say that coming together with this coalition has been the ride of my life!” she said. “Some of us have never been in the same room before! But we came together because we really, really believed in what we were doing.”
As the days slipped away I became less and less enthused with Morocco. The lack of booze made for quiet evenings and in the end quiet days too. Despite the coast's reputation there was no surf to be had – one of the perils of coming in the off-season. I knew I should have planned more. But what could you do? At least it was cheap.
I had had my fill of “culture” (mosques, souks, hustlers and trinkety shit) and was content to take long walks along the coast and swim in the sea, finally embracing the absence of activities holidays are meant to be.
The novelty of hitch-hiking down the coast remained and my Australian partner and I had a few long days sitting in what shade could be found on the side of the road, waiting for the sound of an approaching engine. There, more than anywhere else, our occupation was travelling and we waited patiently, turning down paid rides time and time again, hoping for people who understood what hitching is all about.
And inevitably there were some: Dutch jocks reminiscing about prostitutes and a failed gang bang in Agadir; a Volkswagon blasting Ying Yang Twins; and countless other trucks, utes and cars.
On one of our more memorable rides a lonely truck driver presented us faded photos of his father as a young man and stopped at a lookout to show us the view down the coast. Some kids appeared out of nowhere seeking the usual handouts and, put out at the constant money grab, I told them to stuff it and hopped back in the cab. The truck driver opened the back and gave them some gnarly off-cuts while I sat in the truck and mulled over my approach to beggars.
Later, as the tinny cab speakers blasted psychedelic Moroccan rock, our driver told Scotty he looked like Roger Walters and, noting our appreciation for the solos of Morocco's equivalent, gifted us a sizeable portion of his hash. Moroccans are good like that, once you put some distance between you and the main haunts.
But the lack of distraction soon lost its novelty and, with my flight out approaching, I began the journey back to Marrakesh. I had arranged to stay a couple of nights in Agadir with a surf instructor named Mustapha and after some miscommunication finally found him outside the front of the main bus station. (In Agadir there were two bus stations. Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get it right…)[1]
One couch surfer had written that Mustapha was “an ironic dude” – a point I ignored at the time. But his description was right on the money and as Mustapha showed me round I began to get a sense of just how ironic a human could be.
As his thick dreadlocks and devout praying demonstrated, Mustapha was both a Rastafarian and a Muslim. Put simply he was a storm of contradictions, and a perfect example of the power of religion to distort logic. He was unfazed by the potential incompatibility of his choices and as we walked from the sprawling low-rise apartments to the sea he explained a bit of his life philosophy, the importance of Islam and why the Jews are still a problem.
Despite his beach bum appearance he seemed every inch the devout Muslim: going off to pray while I used a public bathroom, wishing friends ebullient asalaam-oualeekums and talking non-stop about the virtues of Islam, and how it promotes peace and love. His relaxed demeanour and friendly references to “one love man, bless up” had me amused and I was more than happy to shoot the shit with this skateboarding son of Abraham.
But faster than you can say Ramadan he flipped into an anti-Semitic diatribe, outlining the evils of the twelve tribes and some conspiracy theory bullshit about how the Jews will run the world and make slaves of us all, while Christians and Muslims join together to fight the Zionist oppressors.
It is heavy stuff, especially from a guy I have just met, and when he asked what religion I was I mumbled about Christian parents and, relieved, he launched into an anti-atheist spiel. How can they live in a world without God? What is the purpose of their lives?
I stifled the urge to confront these bigoted thoughts, or to explain that what he calls God isn't so different from those things I cherish. What would be the point? There is no challenging the self-serving interests of divine faith.
When we got back to his room the true extent of Mustapha's hypocrisy hit home. He had painted his walls with a mural to marijuana and beach life, complete with the stoner's catch-cry: “coz I got high.” Although he no longer drinks (“it did bad things to me man, bad things”) Havana bottles still adorn his shelves, tribute to the strange meeting of cultures globalisation has manifested in him.
There was still talk of girls and, once the fast was broken, plenty of hash. It seemed like he was willing to pick and choose, casting judgement where he pleased. It is this judgement I despise and while his friends were welcoming enough it was a bizarre evening on the couch as the Arabic passed over me. His mates watched skate videos on their iPhones and said little, to me or him. Mustapha did most of the talking; I wonder if this lack of dialogue is where his extreme views come from.
In their defence it is the end of Ramadan and they are tired from a long month of fasting – but I feel as isolated as I have ever felt, and for once the hash does little to help.
The situation grows stranger when, after eating to excess following our fasting, my stomach starts to rumble ominously. Mustapha heads off to a 2am prayer marathon and in his absence I find myself scrambling for a plastic bag, just catching the spurting plume of vomit my torso throws out. It's as if his bullshit has made me physically sick and I spend a torrid night on the couch.
In the morning diarrhoea comes knocking. Once again I enjoy the privilege of a squat toilet, hand on the wall, bracing myself while I singlehandedly reject the claim that piss comes out your dick. I shower using the bucket provided and the cold water is a refreshing shock. I think I have a fever but I'm not sure. I feel weak, empty, and the rumbling in my guts is accompanied by shooting pains that have me wincing in agony…
After a few more bathroom visits I was completely desensitised to Mustapha's third world set up but had no energy left for the engagement couch surfing requires. I popped a few blockers and made my excuses, scurrying for the first bus to Marrakesh. Morocco was sending me a message and it was time to leave.
[1] For the time there weren't two stations, see Faithless in Fez.
When a meteor exploded over a village in eastern Turkey in September, residents were frightened by the sound and the illuminated sky. In the weeks that followed, they started picking up small bits of black rock, but considered them insignificant. Then, with the visit of an academic from a university in Istanbul, they learned the tiny stones they'd been finding scattered across their land were a financial godsend.
Last week alone, collectors from Germany and the U.S. spent some $200,000 on the meteorites, according to Mehmet Nezir Ergün, one of the villagers. “I hope everyone finds some. Poor people are always looking for pieces. They need them more than we do,” Ergün told the Doğan News Agency, according to Today's Zaman.
The rocks are being sold for $15 to $60 per gram, and villagers have put fragments up for sale on shopping websites. Ergün said villagers have had inquiries from as far away as Europe, adding that he hoped the findings would bring tourists to the village. Neighboring villagers were starting to visit in search of rock fragments to sell, as well, he said. Videos from the village's fields showed men and women wandering in search of the stones.
Meteorite falls are not as rare as one might expect. About 10 to 50 such events are believed to occur over the Earth each day, according to the American Meteor Society. Most meteorites weigh just a few grams, although they can be much larger. The largest known specimen fell in South Africa in 1920 and weighed about 60 tons.
Meteorites are actually pretty easy to access online. Various sites claim to sell the stones, including the Meteorite Market, and they can even be found on eBay and Etsy. But it can be difficult to validate the authenticity of the small fragments without an expert analysis, and meteorite scams are reportedly quite common.
BSkyB to take 20% of talent from black, Asian or other minority backgrounds
BSkyB has pledged that by the end of next year at least 20% of the stars and writers of its UK-originated TV shows will come from a black, Asian or other minority ethnic background.
The broadcaster spends £600m a year on original UK commissions such as Stella, Moone Boy and Trollied, and said that the target will apply to all new shows it commissions for its entertainment channels.
The initiative applies to all homegrown programming on Sky1, Sky Atlantic, Sky Living and Sky Arts but not Sky News.
BSkyB's pledge is more stretching than the BBC's recently announced plans, which include increasing BAME on-screen representation to 15% over a period of three years.
The actor and comedian Lenny Henry has criticised the "appalling" percentage of black and Asian people in the creative industries, and has expressed doubts that the BBC's plans will prove effective.
BSkyB said that the on-screen talent target is well in excess of the 14% of the UK population that is BAME.
"Our aim is to kickstart a sea change in the on-screen representation of ethnic minorities on British television," said Stuart Murphy, director of Sky's entertainment channel portfolio. "If the national average is 14% then we should strive for 20% and we should do it very fast. We didn't want to make a major statement and only do it with one or two shows. This is non-negotiable."
Under the targets, the broadcaster has plegded that at least 20% of "significant" on-screen roles will go to actors with a BAME background.
The initiative will not apply to existing shows where it is not realistic to reverse engineer the format, such as Karl Pilkington's one-man adventures in An Idiot Abroad.
The quota will also apply to the writing teams behind shows – although not when a single writer or a partnership is responsible for an entire series – to help promote a "greater diversity of voices" in Sky programmes and scripts.
In addition at least one senior production role on each commission will be taken by an executive with a BAME background.
"Often a producer will hire someone who sees the world as they see it," said Murphy. "If you hire a black executive producer you generally get a mixed team. If you hire a white one you get more of what you already have. Without realising it you end up with an industry full of white men. Making sure it is a senior role means no one can get off the hook".
Murphy said that BSkyB preferred to adopt the policy of putting BAME staff directly into senior roles, rather than offering special training groups to up skill levels.
He cited the example of Sky1 medical drama Critical, which stars Lennie James, where a black female director shadowed the white male director over several episodes and then was "put in at the deep end".
"The feedback we got was there are plenty of training schemes and they can be a bit patronising," he said. "We just want to give people a break."
Henry was critical of the BBC's plans for training and development programmes for BAME staff.
He said that such programmesrisk "blaming the victim" by making BAME people think they have hit a glass ceiling because they are not good enough.
Henry recently told a committee of MPs that Britain has been haemorraghing ethnic minority talent to the US for years.
British actors including Archie Panjabi, who stars in The Good Wife, Idris Elba, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Marianne Jean-Baptiste, and fellow Bend it Like Beckham star Parminder Nagra, who had a leading role in ER, have all had success in the US.
"Chiwetel Ejiofor and Idris Elba didn't need more training, they just needed a break," he said.
Murphy said that the new initiative would have an immediate impact on between 80 and 100 programmes that will go into the works for Sky1, Sky Atlantic, Sky Living and Sky Arts in the near future.
Tory MP Philip Davies, a member of the culture, media and sport, select committee, criticised the BBC's diversity plans as "racist" for allegedly ignoring the white working class.
"We have made sure legally that Sky is open to everyone," said Murphy. "We are out to make the best TV and we need to redefine what best is. It is slightly potty when you look at the situation we have gotten into. We don't reflect our customers or their lives. I'm slightly embarrassed I am in a position of relative power as one of the decision makers and things haven't changed. Targets might not work for everyone, but they do for us. We may not need them in the long term, but for now they are a way of kickstarting the process".
The Fate of Paper Money, Fiat Currency
"Paper money eventually returns to its intrinsic value - zero." (Voltaire, 1694-1778)
Paper Money in Asia
The first well-documented widespread use of paper money was in China during the Tang (618-907 A.D.) dynasty around 800 A.D. [1] Paper money spread to the city of Tabriz, Persia in 1294 and to parts of India and Japan between 1319 to 1331. However, its use was very short-lived in these regions. In Persia, the merchants refused to recognize the new money, thus bringing trade to a standstill.
Figure 1. This Kuan note is the oldest known banknote in the world. It was made in China circa 1380.
By 1455, after over 600 years, the Chinese abandoned paper money due to numerous problems of over issuance and hyperinflation. An in-depth description of China's first experience with money can be found here .
Paper Money in Europe
The first instance of paper money in Europe allegedly occurred in Spain in 1438 during a Moorish invasion. A Spanish military leader issued paper notes to his soldiers that circulated around the city. No known notes have survived.
In 1574, the Dutch city of Leyden issued cardboard coins made from the cover of prayer books while Holland was trying to regain its independence from the invading Spanish.
The Italian city of Candia later issued paper money of different denominations until a shipment of coins arrived from Venice. All notes were fully reimbursed.
In 1633, the earliest known English goldsmith certificates were being used not only as receipts for reclaiming deposits but also as evidence of ability to pay.
In 1656, the Bank of Sweden was founded with a charter that authorized it to accept deposits, grant loans and mortgages, and issue bills of credit.
By 1660, the English Goldsmiths' receipts became a convenient alternative to handling coins or bullion. The realisation by goldsmiths that borrowers would find them just as convenient as depositors marks the start of the use of banknotes in England.
In 1661, the Bank of Sweden became the first chartered bank in Europe to issues notes known as the paper daler.
Figure 2. A 50-Daler note from the Bank of Sweden issued in 1666.
By the 1680's, the use of paper money began to take place in other European countries and the New World. Circulated notes on playing cards were used in the French colony of Lower Canada. Other colonies soon developed their own paper notes.
Existing Currencies in Circulation
At present there are 176 currencies in circulation in the world. Not all currencies are widely used and accepted, such as the various unofficial banknotes of the crown dependencies (Isle of Man and the Balliwicks of Jersey and Guernsey).
The median age for all existing currencies in circulation is only 39 years and at least one, the Zimbabwe dollar, is in the throes of hyperinflation. The twenty longest running currencies are listed below.
Currency Inception Years of Circulation Status Pound Sterling (GBP) 1694 315 In circulation Scotland Pound (SSP) 1727 282 In circulation* US Dollar (USD) 1792 217 In circulation Netherlands Guilder (NLG) 1814 188 EURO (2002) Swiss Franc (CHF) 1825 184 In circulation Guernsey Pound Sterling (GGP) 1827 182 In circulation* Mexico Silver Peso (MXP) 1822 170 Hyperinflation Canadian Dollar (CAD) 1841 168 In circulation Belgian Franc (BEF) 1835 167 EURO (2002) Cuban Peso (CUP) 1857 150 In circulation* India Rupee (INR) 1861 148 In circulation Manx Pound (IMP) 1865 144 In circulation* Austrian Paper Gulden (ATP) 1753 139 Replaced for 1:2 Austria-Hungarian Kronen in 1892 Japanese Yen (JPY) 1871 138 In circulation Haiti Gourde (HTG) 1872 137 In circulation Swedish Krona (SEK) 1874 135 In circulation Danish Krone (DKK) 1875 134 In circulation Spanish Peseta (ESP) 1874 128 EURO (2002) Peru Sol (PEH) 1864 121 Destroyed by hyperinflation in 1985 Italian Lira (ITL) 1882 120 EURO (2002)
*Not officially recognized or valued outside issuing region.
Below are charts showing the declining value of the two longest running currencies - the British pound sterling and the United States dollar, considered to be the most successful paper currencies of all time.
The British Pound originally represented one troy pound of sterling silver back in 1560. Sterling silver is 92.5% pure silver and there are 12 troy ounces in a troy pound. Elizabeth I and her advisor Sir Thomas Gresham (of Gresham's Law fame) established the new currency to bring about order created by the "Great Debasement" of 1543-51 when Henry VIII sought to finance his costly wars with both France and Scotland.
Paper banknotes were issued shortly after the establishment of the Bank of England in 1694.
As of Feb 23, 2007 it now takes 86.2 GBP to purchase that same troy pound of sterling silver - a loss of 98.8%!
Under the US Mint Act of 1792, the dollar was pegged at 24.75 grains of gold. There are 480 grains in a troy ounce. Thus it took 19.4 US dollars to purchase a single troy ounce of gold. As of Feb 23, 2007 it takes nearly 863 US dollar to purchase that same troy ounce of gold, representing a 97.8% drop in value!
Currencies No Longer in Circulation
This analysis includes 599 currencies that are no longer in circulation . The median age for these currencies is only fifteen years! [2]
The following table below groups the fates of these currencies.
Currency was... No. Of Currencies Description Ended through monetary unions, dissolution or other reforms 184 Voluntary monetary unions such as the Euro in 1999, or creation of the US dollar in 1792. Ended through acts of independence 94 Acts of former colonial entities renaming or reforming their currency Destroyed by hyperinflation 156 Currency destroyed through over-issuance by the government. Destroyed by acts of war 165 Currency deemed no longer valid through military occupation or liberation.
The Second World War saw at least 95 currencies vanish as nations were conquered and liberated.
Hyperinflation is one of the greatest calamities to strike a nation. [3] This devastating process has destroyed currencies in the United States, France, Germany, and many other countries .
Recent Expansions to the US Monetary Base
The monetary base comprises of currency in circulation (banknotes and coins) and the commercial banks' reserves with the central bank. Recently, there have been unprecedented increases to the bank reserve portion of the US monetary base .
Up until August 2008, the portion of the monetary base that consisted of bank reserves was between 8 - 12%. In December 2008, that proportion had risen to 47%! This drastic increase was due largely in part by the unwillingness of the banks to lend recent 'liquidity injections' from the Federal Reserve.
The following table shows the increases to the monetary base, as measured in US$ billions for the last six months of 2008. These actions by the Fed are responsible for the large spike on the right side of the above chart.
Date Currency in Circulation (M0) Cash Held as Bank Reserves Total Monetary Base Jul-08 774.8 71.7 846.5 Aug-08 775.4 71.9 847.3 Sep-08 776.8 131.2 908.0 Oct-08 793.8 338.7 1132.5 Nov-08 806.5 634.6 1441.1 Dec-08 882.0 782.3 1664.3
These massive expansions to the US monetary base increase the probability of a complete collapse in the confidence of the value of the US dollar. This shift in sentiment would spark a hyperinflationary fate to the world's de facto reserve currency .
By Mike Hewitt
http://www.dollardaze.org
Mike Hewitt is the editor of www.DollarDaze.org , a website pertaining to commentary on the instability of the global fiat monetary system and investment strategies on mining companies.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed above are not intended to be taken as investment advice. It is to be taken as opinion only and I encourage you to complete your own due diligence when making an investment decision.
Mike Hewitt Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication.
Originally Posted by oxycont1n Originally Posted by
My friend has come across a few fakes: OxyContin 80mg pills. They look almost identical to the real ones. I have taken a picture but the quality isn't too good, so if anyone asks I will upload it. There are a few ways to tell if you come across a real or fake OC80, so I'll give you guys the inside scoop. Keep in mind you really have to have a real one to compare it to, and still you can barely tell the difference.
#1) The coating is a little bit darker, it's almost impossible to tell. A cellphone light seems to work good for detecting this. It also seems that the coating might be thicker?
#2) On the OC side, the imprint seems to be a little bit deeper.
#3) You can always check the taste. Real OCs taste bitter while the fake ones taste like nothing.
#4) If you bite it, it seems to have a harder texture.
#5) With real OC80s the imprints from backside and frontside do not usually line up. Its printed at random so the imprints could be on any slant, so it is possible for a real 80 to be aligned. The fake ones are always aligned from front to back. So if you find an aligned 80 make sure you check it.
#6) You can just tell the quality of the pill coating and shape isn't the same. But still it's very hard to tell.
If you happen to end up blowing one of these, you will notice there is no drip or taste. It also might break out to a little bit more. Texture may also be a little different. Nothing is too noticeable.
Just want to show everyone how to avoid buying these little pains in the ass! I will upload my picture upon request. You can't see any differences but if anyone is interested to see how incredibly identical they are, let me know and I'll get it up. peace out!
edit: these are not the light green coating-less fentanyl fake 80s
Harry Theoharis, a former Greek tax chief turned To Potami politician. Mike Bird, Business Insider ATHENS, Greece — Being the person ultimately in charge of collecting taxes and cracking down on tax evasion in Greece is not an enviable task.
It was a job given to a man called Harry Theoharis, who was the head of the country's tax-collection agency until last year. He tried to focus on reforming the country's revenue system, so that Greece could better deal with its crippling fiscal crisis.
But in June 2014, after just 17 months, Theoharis resigned.
In an interview with the Telegraph at the start of the year, Theoharis said people were so angry about his attempts that they threatened to "break his legs" during his tenure.
Theoharis is also now an MP for To Potami, a centrist and pro-euro political party that sprung up and performed particularly well at the last election. We met at his party's busy headquarters on Monday in Athens.
The size of the tax-evasion problem facing Greece is worth "roughly about 6% of GDP compared to the average of other countries," he said.
The issue has been exaggerated in media, he added, but "the kind of changes that are required are really underestimated."
An extra 6% of Greek GDP may not sound like a lot, but it would amount to more than €10 billion in taxes collected — a figure that makes Greece's immediate debt repayment needs look like a less pressing issue.
A shoeshine man sits in front of a closed shop with graffiti sprayed on its shutters in central Athens, March 12, 2012. GREECE/ REUTERS/John Kolesidis
Theoharis says that tax dodging is more common among Greece's self-employed and small companies.
"Greece has a lot of self-employed, who are much better at tax evading than employees, which is common in every country," he said. "But we have 2 to 2 1/2 times more self-employed than other countries. So even if we were on par for tax evasion with other countries, we would have 2 to 2 1/2 times more just because of that facts."
He added: "Out of the 6% of GDP that explains about 3% of tax evasion, about half. Not just self-employed but small companies as well, they can tax evade more easily with lax accounting."
I've read about these astonishing statistics before. Self-employment is surprisingly prevalent among the professional middle classes in Greece, people who might well be employees in other countries.
Self-employed Greeks spend 82% of their (reported) monthly income on debt servicing, according to a 2012 University of Chicago paper. That's an absurdly high number, and suggests that most had little left to live on after the repayment.
For "lawyers, doctors, financial services, and accountants," the authors found that over 100% of their reported income supposedly goes on debt repayment — if the figures were correct, those well-paid, middle-class professionals would literally have nothing (less than nothing) to live on.
Demonstrators during a rally in Athens, June 29, 2015. Milos Bicanski/Getty Images
Theoharis went on:
The second thing is the fact that the numbers are skewed because of the shipping industry in Greece. The shipping industry is taxed less in every country ... Both for the ethical basis of taxing it — imagine shipping something from Germany to China, and it's the company's in Greece, it's not easy. In all countries they tax shipping less.
The fact that the Greek shipping industry is so big compared to the rest of the economy skews the numbers, that's another 0.5% to 1% of GDP.
And the rest, 2% to 2.5% of GDP is really down to tax administration.
I pressed him about Syriza's mooted plan to clamp down on tax evasion with "undercover tax inspectors," including tourists, who could be wired up and sent round to retail businesses, building up evidence of improper practices.
He wasn't thrilled:
It's the wrong problem ... The problem isn't finding the shops or corporations evading tax. It's really doing something about it and having the will, for example, to close them for a month.
If you can't do that for social or political reasons, because it's unacceptable, it makes no difference if you've found them.
A slightly grumpy guy at the desk didn't want me taking pictures around the office, but he let me take this picture of a poster featuring Stavros Theodorakis, To Potami's leader:
Phosphorus has always been a big part of just about any water-quality discussion, including those about its levels in the Great Lakes.
A certain amount of phosphorus is healthy and natural. It feeds plankton, which in turn feed fish and other organisms. Too much of it leads to an explosive growth of algal blooms, which in turn depletes the oxygen supply other organisms need. These blooms can also release toxins harmful to fish and humans. Phosphorus levels are one of many factors in dispute as the city of Waukesha prepares to draw drinking water from Lake Michigan and discharge wastewater back into it via the Root River.
The binational Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement, signed in 1972 and updated in 2012, sets targets for phosphorus concentration and load among many other environmental goals. However, neither this agreement nor the federal Clean Water Act address the form of phosphorus in water, which can affect whether and how different organisms use the chemical.
Phosphorus levels in the Great Lakes have gone down significantly since the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement was initially signed. Today, scientists regard the Great Lakes as fairly healthy when it comes to phosphorus, but with trouble spots, most visibly in Lake Erie, which remains plagued by nutrient pollution. One EPA assessment based on 2010 water samples rated 86 percent of Lake Michigan's near-shore waters in "good" condition and 9 percent in "poor" condition. In contrast, Lake Erie rated about 47 percent good and 31 percent poor. However, Lake Michigan still had more of its near-shore waters in poor condition than Superior, Huron or Ontario, underscoring that even a lake with acceptable phosphorus levels overall can still have localized problems.
Phosphorus also intersects with another big ecological problem in the Great Lakes: invasive species. Zebra mussels and quagga mussels started hitchhiking their way into the lakes in the late 1980s. The mussels compete with fish for phytoplankton, which has decreased fish populations, especially in offshore zones. Mussels also process phosphorus in a way that could spell trouble, even when there's less overall phosphorus to go around.
"Until about 15 years ago, we had pretty good models that would tell you how the lakes responded to a certain phosphorus load," said UW-Milwaukee freshwater sciences professor Harvey Bootsma. "But since the zebra and quagga mussels have come to the Great Lakes, basically the rules have changed."
The mussels suck in and expel water to filter phytoplankton and other food in the water. They metabolize phosphorus, lowering the overall concentration in the water, but they also excrete some of that phosphorus back into the water in dissolved form. That process makes for less phosphorus, but more that's readily available to algae, which can make better use of it when it's dissolved as opposed to in particulate form. This relationship upends the impact of phosphorus in the Great Lakes as scientists have traditionally understood it.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Surveys conducted every five years found that concentrations of quagga mussels in Lake Michigan are increasing.
"In the open lake, mussel grazing removes plankton, which contains phosphorus, from the water, thereby lowering both the plankton concentration and the phosphorus concentration," Bootsma said. "Some of that phosphorus is recycled and returned to the water in dissolved form, but the net effect is a decrease in phosphorus concentration. In the nearshore zone, the mussels do the same thing. However, in the nearshore zone there is more light, which allows algae, mostly Cladophora, to grow on the hard substrate immediately next to the mussels. In that zone immediately next to the mussels, the dissolved phosphorus concentration is relatively high. In addition to that, by filtering particles out of the water the mussels have made the water clearer, allowing more light to reach the algae on the lake bottom in the nearshore zone. So bottom-dwelling or benthic algae in the nearshore zone are now getting more light and more dissolved phosphorus, which they love."
Invasive mussels are instigating a management problem that in a sense puts the health of nearshore and offshore areas of the Great Lakes at odds. Having less phosphorus in the lakes compared to the 1960s or 1970s is considered a good thing overall, an indicator of a successful collaboration among eight U.S. states and two Canadian provinces over the decades. But it hasn't stopped near-shore algae from making use of the phosphorus that's still in the water, with an assist from mussels, at times creating harmful localized algal blooms. Further from shore, mussels appear to be creating a situation in which there's not enough phosphorus to support enough phytoplankton to feed both them and fish. This raises the possibility that phosphorus loads need to be cut even more for near-shore areas, while offshore waters could in theory benefit from greater phosphorus loads.
"We don't know how those two different problems will respond to any increase or decrease in phosphorus loading in the lakes," Bootsma said. He added that scientists and environmental regulators are still struggling with the question of what will happen to water quality if Waukesha and other possible newcomers to Great Lakes water begin discharging more wastewater into the lakes.
"I think it's important to recognize that there are a number of success stories related to Great Lakes management," he said. "Sea lamprey [another invasive species] are not eradicated, but they are kept under control. For most lakes, the concentration of many pollutants — phosphorus, heavy metals, PCBs — has declined."
Waukesha's impacts on the environment and on international water politics might not be understood until decades from now. But it's clear that when it taps into Lake Michigan and sends water back, the city's inhabitants will be contributing to the state of constant change in North America's inland seas.
A majority of voters says funding for President Trump's proposed wall along the southern border is not worth forcing a government shutdown, according to a new survey.
Politico/Morning Consult poll finds 61 percent of registered voters think funding for the U.S.-Mexico border wall is "not important enough to prompt a shutdown."
But 27 percent of respondents said funding the wall is important enough to prompt a shutdown.
A majority of voters said they had heard some or a lot about a possible government shutdown and about three-quarters of voters said a government shutdown would be concerning to them, according to the poll.
ADVERTISEMENT
The poll also finds that 51 percent of respondents would blame Capitol Hill Republicans or Trump if the government shuts down. Thirty-one percent said they would blame congressional Democrats.
President Trump has offered mix signals this week about whether he is open to waiting until fall to get money for his proposed border wall, instead of in a must-pass spending bill this week.
The government will shut down if Congress cannot agree on a spending bill by the end of Friday.
On Tuesday, the president insisted he is fully committed to building the wall.
"Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL," Trump tweeted. "It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc."
The world's largest containership, MOL Triumph, was delivered to Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (MOL) from Samsung Heavy Industries on March 27, 2017.
MOL's newest vessel, the first of a fleet of six 20,000 TEU-class containerships for the company, was named MOL Triumph in a ceremony at SHI in South Korea on March 15, 2017.
At 400 meters in length and 58.8 meters in width, MOL Triumph is currently the world's largest containership. With a capacity of 20,170 TEU, the vessel is the first 20,000 TEU-class containership deployed in THE Alliance's Asia to Europe trade via the FE2 service.
MOL Triumph will set off on her maiden voyage from Xingang in April 2017 and will sail to Dalian, Qingdao, Shanghai, Ningbo, Hong Kong, Yantian and Singapore . She will then transit through the Suez Canal and continue on to Tangier, Southampton, Hamburg, Rotterdam and Le Havre. She will then call at Tangier and Jebel Ali on the way back to Asia.
Junichiro Ikeda, President and CEO of MOL said, "The MOL Group is honored to unveil this new vessel, which is the largest containership in the world. The vessel is equipped with various new sustainable technologies to provide more efficient fuel consumption and improved environmental performance."
In line with the eco-sailing initiative of MOL, the new 20,000 TEU-class containerships are equipped with various highly advanced energy-saving technologies including low friction underwater paint, high efficiency propeller and rudder, Savor Stator as a stream fin on the hull body, and an optimized fine hull form which together can further reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions per container moved by about 25-30 percent when compared to 14,000 TEU-class containerships.
Additionally, the vessel has also been designed with the retrofit option to convert to LNG fueled ship in view of the implementation of the International Maritime Organization's new regulation to limit SOx emission in marine fuels which will come into effect in 2020.
MOL will take the delivery of the second 20,000 TEU-class vessel in May 2017. Eventually there will be six of the 20,000 TEU-class containerships unveiled and they will be phased in gradually on the existing trade routes of MOL.
We were very happy to have been invited to the media event for Mass Effect: New Earth. We had a wonderful day and were overall very impressed with the attraction. This ride has flown somewhat under the radar this year, so let's give it some much deserved attention. Enjoy our media day report for the brand new Mass Effect: New Earth.
– Recently our images have popped up on other sites and forums, awesome that our coverage spreads, not so awesome that no one mentioned where they got the images from. We are totally fine with our audience using our images, BUT ONLY IF credit is given to californiacoasterkings.com. Thank you! –
After we arrived, we entered the closed park through the Great America Pavilion.
This provided some wonderful views of Flight Deck. Darn, if only it was open.
Prior to the start of the event, there were people from many of the companies involved in the detailed development of this attraction including, Cedar Fair, Electronic Arts, Bioware, and 3D Live.
In addition, there were some awesome cosplayers hired. One dressed as Samara, and two more in Commander armor.
After some wonderful conversations, the media was ushered in to watch the opening ceremony. Roger Ross from the park introduced a variety of speakers from Electronic Arts, 3D Live, and Cedar Fair, who all explained exactly how much detail went into this attraction.
In the heart of Silicon Valley, a lot of sophisticated technology went into the development of this ride, including the world's largest and highest definition LED screen.
All the speakers were joined onstage by Samara, and the countdown commenced.
Some fireworks were set off, and we headed over to the all new Mass Effect: New Earth!
The queue is all outdoors, but with some very appropriate theming. With marble memorials, grey gravel, and large asteroid-esque rocks, the line is simple yet effective.
In addition, there are two cases of armor. Occasionally, some fog spews out creating a pretty cool effect.
After we were given glasses, and assigned a row, we lined up to watch the pre-show.
Riders are told about the instantaneous travel implemented through the Mass Relays, and informing you about your luxury destination, Terra Nova. It is interrupted by a news broadcast in which we are told there have been communication blackouts and we should be cautious.
The doors open and we are welcomed into the beautiful, cool, and futuristic theater.
There is a live actor, the captain of the cruiser, and he makes some small talk while guests they stow their items and take their unrestrained seats. Once everyone is seated, guests are off on their journey.
Before going into specifics, I have to say, Mass Effect: New Earth is not regional park quality. This is clearly an attraction where every element was carefully scrutinized. An incredible amount of detail went into the production of this ride and it really paid off. Mass Effect: New Earth is a great ride and one of the highlights of the park.
The visuals are both carefully constructed and brilliantly high definition. The LED technology accomplished a crispness pixels could never hope to. In addition, the fact that Electronic Arts and Bioware developed and animated every frame from the ground up makes it not only as authentic as the games, but also gives the Mass Effect universe a new entry and welcome expansion.
The audio is incredible, there are over 70 speakers located throughout the theater, and the sound design puts them to good use. It is immersive yet not overwhelming. Also, fans of the series will be delighted to see cameos from characters such as Garrus, Grunt, and Commander Shepard with voices provided by the original actors.
The extraneous effects such as small, air effects, and smoke are incorporated pretty seamlessly with a few exceptions. Overall, the combination of all these effects really helps to take the ride out of the theater and put them in the universe adding another level of immersion.
The seats are very comfortable and the lack of restraints or seat belts is refreshing. The movement is synchronized perfectly with what's on screen and provides some physical thrills without taking you out of the moment.
The live actor I think is a really unique and potentially trend setting aspect of this ride. It gives riders a window into the universe, providing necessary plot exposition, but more importantly breaking the barrier of the audience and what's on the screen. To have a real person interact with a digital effects makes them much more tangible. To have a bridge between the two worlds really goes a long way as far as immersion.
After the ride, we were treated to some delicious alien food, which was tasted an awful lot like some of the food we have back here on earth. Delicious nonetheless.
Lastly, the park was kind enough to provide guests with a scale replica of the Normandy herself. A magnificent replica to go along with a breathtaking ride.
Thank you to the park for the invitation and wonderful event, and thank you to our good friend Tejas for providing us with some extra Mass Effect knowledge. We were really astonished with the quality of this ride. In our opinion this is on par with attractions like Star Tours and Minion Mayhem, if not better. I couldn't imagine a better way to revamp the old Action Theater.
Learn more of what went into creating Mass Effect: New Earth in this FUN TV video playing at Cedar Fair parks!
So, what's your favorite motion simulator attraction? How do you think Mass Effect: New Earth will/does match up? Comment below and let us know!
Make sure to follow us on our social media for exclusive coverage! Facebook–Twitter–Instagram
P-a-t-r-e-o-n reward for the-money-dog, who asked for some Valkos in a Pro-Wrestling AU. They gave me some pointers and things on how everything is acted out, so I hope it reads okay! Also, know that the characters are playing "roles" in the sport, so they are OOC for that reason!
If you'd like rewards like this, you can support me on P-a-t-r-e-o-n as Kiria Alice!
Disclaimer: I do not own RWBY.
Chapter 48. Caught Up In The Act
The crowded stadium was erupting with noise from thousands upon thousands of fans.
It wasn't very often that teenaged girls managed to fight their ways into the pro-wrestling matches, but it was becoming a much more common sight nowadays, slowly but surely.
Presently, the audience was shouting for one person in particular.
Pyrrha Nikos was a stunning, well-built girl who was undoubtedly made for the sport of pro-wrestling. She was tall, muscular, and of course, looked attractive in the tight-fit clothes necessary for the fights. Her long red ponytail swayed behind her as she entered the ring, and a mixed chorus of cheers and booing surged around the stadium.
Pyrrha was most people's favorite heel, or the villain they loved to hate. She was brutally honest in the worst of ways, especially to her defeated opponents. She'd fought her way up to the top without looking back.
But that didn't stop her from looking down on her adversaries once she'd flattened them into the mat of the arena.
Now, as she strutted about the ring, she glowered at the audience and gave a devilish smirk to the referee. The male voice over the loudspeaker was still in the middle of introducing her.
"Undefeated, Miss Nikos is the reigning champion for competitors in her age group. New challengers appear every day, but she's yet to encounter someone who can bring her to her knees. Will today's new face be able to accomplish the feat?"
As the crowd cheered, hopeful that someone would be able to the best Pyrrha, the fighter herself grabbed the microphone from the ref and all but shouted into it.
"I'd like to see her try! Whoever this new face is won't stand a chance against me! They're all weak, every last one of them! And if you're rooting for one of them, you're just as weak! Pathetic! I'll always emerge victorious, and you'd all do well to remember that!"
Another wave of booing rose up, but amongst it were a few levels of encouraging cheers as well.
Most of the fans knew that all pro-wrestling was just an act, and it was well-known that behind the scenes, Pyrrha Nikos actually harbored the exact opposite personality of the role she played in the ring.
But she was so convincing during her fights that most people tended to forget that fact in the heat of the moment.
Besides, it was much more entertaining this way.
As Pyrrha played up her role, stomping and flexing and throwing a few mock punches into the air, the ref timidly took back the microphone and began announcing Pyrrha's opponent for today's match.
"Today's new face," he began. "Has worked her way up to these prestigious matches. Not only has she defeated men twice her age and size, but she's also developed a reputation for being quite the brute, no matter who her opponent is. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a round off applause for Nora Valkyrie!"
Rather than the mix of negative and positive response Pyrrha's introduction elicited from the crowd, Nora's resulted in almost entirely encouraging, supportive cheers.
As a new face in the art of pro-wrestling, the fans couldn't help but feel inclined to cheer for her. She was bubbly and optimistic, but also very clearly enjoyed the sport. When pit against Pyrrha's more condescending role, the audience of course tended to want to root for the cheerful underdog rather than the brutal villain.
Even now, as Nora came bounding through the crowds to reach the ring, people were cheering her on and calling out to encourage her.
Pyrrha crossed her arms and glared down at the orange bob of her hair, trying to appear unimpressed by this new challenger, despite the fact that offstage, they were the best of friends. It would certainly be difficult to keep up the act today against Nora, but Pyrrha was determined to give the audience a good show.
With a leap and a bound, Nora hopped up into the ring and gave a tumble, then jumped up into a fighting stance with a grin on her face and a spark in her eye. Her gaze met Pyrrha's, and she began reciting the script they'd gone over together many times backstage.
"So!" she called out. "This is the infamous Miss Nikos, eh? Well, I've gotta say, I can see why you've made it this far. You're obviously very talented in the sport, Miss. But today, I'm gonna be givin' you a run for your money! I've trained so hard all my life to get here! I'm gonna make my parents and my brother proud of me today when I take you down!"
Another explosive wave of cheers erupted from the surrounding stadium as people waved hand-made signs and shouted out in support of Nora.
Pyrrha didn't break character at all during all of this. She continued to hold her disgusted expression and snarled across the ring at Nora.
"In your dreams! Like you'd ever win against me, you pathetic little girl! Don't you know who I am? I am the Pyrrha Nikos! Undefeated champion! If you think you can beat me, you've got another thing coming!"
"That doesn't scare me!" Nora replied, puffing out her chest proudly. "I'm going to do my best, and if I just believe in myself, I know I can win! I've become so much stronger over the years, and I know everyone's support of me today will help me come out on top!"
Another chorus of cheers, but Pyrrha shouted over them.
"You're only fooling yourself, little girl! If you want to be proven wrong so badly, then let's get this started so I can put you into your place!"
With the introduction dialogue now completed, both Nora and Pyrrha took up their respective stances and faced one another.
This was the first time they would be fighting one another in front of an audience. Both of them were equally excited and nervous as the other.
It was exciting to be able to finally show off the act and routine they'd been practicing backstage together in front of thousands of people. But it was also a little nerve-wracking, because there was always the possibility one of them might slip up and break character.
Nora got her friend's attention by making a small fist at her side, then shook it twice. Pyrrha smiled and reflected the motion back to her. It was their secret way of saying "let's do this!"
The ref spoke for a few more minutes about today's fighters and made sure to get the crowd even more pumped up than they already were. At last, he addressed the fighters themselves.
"Are you two ready?"
Nora gave a little bounce in place.
"Yessir!"
Pyrrha grunted and cracked her knuckles against her palm.
"Let's get this over with. Shouldn't take long."
And with that, their match began.
Both girls charged at one another, mimicking the steps and motions they'd practiced together so many times behind the scenes. It was thrilling to finally be doing this in front of an audience now, because every minuscule move they made seemed to earn some kind of reaction.
Nora threw the first punch, one that Pyrrha easily dodged before countering with an attempted grapple. But Nora's size worked to her advantage as she ducked and evaded.
Next, she'd have to take a punch, fake as it was, but she still made it look incredibly convincing. As soon as she felt the rush of air from Pyrrha's knuckles right beside her cheek, Nora gave an almost dramatic twirl as she spiraled to her knees. The audience gasped and booed, then encouraged her to get back on her feet. Nora wiped her mouth clean of spit and pushed herself up.
"There's no way I can lose with so many people counting on me!"
With this dramatic declaration, she charged back at Pyrrha. The next landed blow would come from her, a hit on Pyrrha's side that would surprise the crowds and ref alike.
Even though Pyrrha knew it was coming, she made sure to play it up. As she stumbled sideways against the ropes of the ring, she painted a furious expression onto her face.
"What?!" she bellowed. "How could such a weakling land a hit on me?"
Nora squared her shoulders and faced her.
"It's because everyone believes in me!"
Pyrrha snorted.
"Beginner's dumb luck!"
She charged at Nora, grabbing her around the stomach so quickly that the motion appeared to be much more vicious than it truly was. Pyrrha took care to make Nora's landing as painless as possible when she threw her down flat on her back.
But an expertly-timed slam of her own fist onto the mat produced a dull thudding sound that made the crowd wince. This was a simple act that made it both appear and sound like the sickening sound had come from Nora's back hitting the mat, when in reality it was just Pyrrha's hand that had purposefully made the sound to keep up the guise of her character's brutal nature.
Appalled, the crowd screamed and booed her, while Nora made the act all the more convincing by coughing and rolling over onto her side, cringing.
"I... I can't lose... not when I've come this far..."
Pyrrha hovered over her, straddling her thighs to pin her down.
"Sorry to say this, but losing is all you can do."
Without even giving Nora a chance to counter, Pyrrha held her down as the ref began to count.
Nora struggled valiantly against her opponent, trying to wriggle her way free so she could put up a bit more of a fight. But the ref's voice soon bellowed out around the ring.
"You're out! The winner of the match is Miss Pyrrha Nikos!"
The crowds shouted in dismay, their encouraging chants of Nora's name dwindling now as the reality sunk in.
Grinning triumphantly, Pyrrha leaned down over her defeated opponent one last time and delivered the final, verbal blow.
"You're a weakling and a fool to ever think you could defeat me, little girl."
With that, she released Nora and stood herself up.
Pyrrha almost instinctively offered her hand to help her up, but remembered she was still in-character and had to refrain.
She turned her back on the girl and faced the crowds, raising both fists high in a display of victory. There were some cheers for her, some of which were genuine and some of which were reluctant.
But it was another voice that got her attention.
From behind her, Pyrrha could hear sniffling. She turned back to face Nora, who was pushing herself up into a sitting position, wiping her eyes.
"It... It can't be... not after I've come all this way... I l-lost? Even though I promised my family I'd win this... for them..."
She sobbed as the referee hoisted her up by the arm and hustled her away.
It was almost impossible for Pyrrha to keep up her act after seeing and hearing that display. When they'd rehearsed, Nora had never showed tears before. Pyrrha feared she'd actually hurt her somehow by accident.
Therefore, as soon as she was able to, Pyrrha hurried out of the ring and through the aisles between the audience stands, then rushed back to the private rooms where fighters could rest away from the public eye. Panting, she searched frantically for her friend, her voice taking on its natural softness.
"Nora?"
She spotted her hunched over in a chair against the wall. Seeing her so dejected almost made Pyrrha cry, too. She pelted over to her friend and skidded to a halt in front of her.
"Nora? Are... Are you all right? I-I didn't hurt you, did I? I'm so sorry!" She collapsed to her knees in front of her long-time friend, gripping Nora's knees pleadingly.
Her reaction told Nora that her acting might've been a little too good. The ginger-haired girl looked up instantly to find her friend's watery emerald eyes. Nora gasped and threw her hands up.
"Pyrrha? Oh gosh, no no no no! I was only acting, silly! Trying to make it more convincing so the audience would feel for me, y'know? I'm fine, I'm fine! I'm totally fine! You didn't do anything to actually hurt me, you silly goose!" She placed her hands over Pyrrha's shaking ones and gave them a squeeze.
It was Pyrrha's turn to sniffle now, real tears already falling down her cheeks.
"Really...? Are... Are you sure...?"
"Of course I'm sure!"
Nora didn't waste another second. She threw her arms around her best friend and pulled her into a tight hug. Nora slid down off her chair to sit on the floor in front of her, making the embrace easier for them both.
Pyrrha sobbed again and returned the embrace, still shaking.
"Oh, gosh... I was s-so worried... I thought I'd hurt you, Nora... I'm sorry..."
"No, no, gosh! Don't be sorry, Pyrrha! I'm the one who's sorry! Guess my acting was a little too good. I didn't tell you about that part. I'm sorry!"
Knowing that she'd made Pyrrha upset was making Nora genuinely upset as well. She started to sniffle and buried her face into her friend's shoulder. Pyrrha took note and squeezed her tighter.
"Nora... it's all right. Don't cry."
"You first!" she wailed.
Together, they cried for a moment, softly apologizing for unintentionally hurting one another.
But before long, the sniffles turned to giggles. When they finally pulled back, both of them were smiling.
"Look at us," Pyrrha sighed. "We're a mess."
"But we're a mess together!" Nora leaned herself forward and brushed her nose against Pyrrha's. "Boop!"
Pyrrha giggled louder.
"Well then, what do you say to joining me for supper? After we've both washed up a bit, of course."
"Sounds fantabulous!"
With that, the two friends helped one another up and shared one last hug.
A/N: This was a fun little challenge. It was strange to write them so OOC in their roles, especially Pyrrha. But showing the contrast as soon as they were done acting made for a cute comparison.
And the chapter title is sort of a pun, a mix between "caught in the act" and getting "caught up" in the act (aka 'getting carried away with their roles').
If you'd like rewards like this, you can support me on P-a-t-r-e-o-n as Kiria Alice!
Please review!
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Hollywood's hypocrisy about Harvey Weinstein is only outdone by its hypocrisy about gun control.
We still don't know why Stephen Paddock unleashed his arsenal in an evil attack on an outdoor concert crowd in Las Vegas on Oct. 1, killing 59 people and injuring more than 500. But Hollywood's glitterati seem to know, apparently. They quickly and predictably jumped on Twitter and other media outlets to denounce the National Rifle Association as a terrorist and demand "common sense gun control" that, as usual, wouldn't have stopped Paddock in any way.
So why does America have this problem with mass shootings? Will Hollywood ever look inward on this question and explore its role? Four of the biggest box-office successes in the week leading up to the shooting demonstrated the degree to which Tinseltown is aggressively promoting a culture of gun ultraviolence in America.
Matt Philbin of the Media Research Center reported that an astounding 589 incidents of violence were featured "Kingsman: The Golden Circle," "American Assassin," Stephen King's "It" and "mother!" And that's just four movies. It gets worse: There were no less than 212 incidents of gun violence, and the body count is at least 192. In over 100 incidents of gun violence, some kind of automatic weapon is used (which is why the numbers are undercounted -- researchers literally couldn't count fast enough).
There are plenty of other forms of violence as well.
"It" is the monster hit of the fall, with a reported domestic box-office take of $315 million and counting. The movie has only three gun scenes, but one features a penetrating captive bolt pistol, which is traditionally used to stun animals prior to slaughter. Victims are stabbed and bludgeoned, and the killer clown even bites off the arm of a little child. "Mother!" includes an atrocious scene in which a crowd dismembers and eats a baby.
"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" was the No. 1 film that weekend. It's the sequel to the hyperviolent "Kingsman: The Secret Service," which contained one of the grisliest murder scenes that Hollywood has ever produced; in it, the antagonist activates some kind of demonic neurological wave that causes church parishioners to slaughter one another until they're all dead.
"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" includes 118 incidents of gun violence (70 of them with automatic weapons) and another 164 incidents of other violence. Philbin lists the instances, saying, "There are body slams, punches, explosions, ripping off limbs, ripping out vocal cords, putting people in meat grinders, cannibalism, lasso violence, slicing people in half and eyes randomly exploding from people's heads."
The Hypocrite in Chief of this production is actress Julianne Moore, who plays the drug-lord supervillain. Moore went on Jimmy Fallon's late-night show to receive the usual love bombs. Fallon said, "'Kingsman' alone is fantastic!" Moore responded: "Thank you! It's a fun movie, right? It's really, really fun."
Since the Vegas mass shooting, Moore's Twitter feed has been stuffed with tweets in which she attacks the NRA and demands gun control legislation. Naturally, nowhere in this October Twitter festival is there any mention of her "really fun" hit movie.
The Hollywood Reporter, to its credit, asked Moore, "Do critics who accuse Hollywood of glorifying gunplay have a valid point?" Moore shot back, "It is impossible to be killed by watching a violent movie, but unfortunately, it is all too possible to be shot and killed while sitting in a theater and watching any kind of movie."
Hollywood might point the finger of blame for all this violence back on the audience, and there's merit to that argument. The "Kingsman" sequel won the weekend box office for two weeks. Before that, "It" won for two weeks. And before that, the winner for three consecutive weekends was ... "The Hitman's Bodyguard."
But does that exonerate Hollywood for feeding the beast?
Movie stars have no problem mudslinging against the NRA and blaming it for mass shootings. But they have demonstrated a complete lack of moral introspection about their own glamorization of over-the-top violence with guns ... and everything else. Until they get serious about their own responsibility, they have no right to judge anyone else.
The National Health Service in England was hit on Friday by a cyberattack of a magnitude that nearly bought the institution to it's knees. 40 NHS trusts are still affected after a computer virus called WannaCry gained access to medical records, locking data and scrambling files.
Unlike many other malicious programs, WannaCry had the ability to move around inside the network by itself. The NHS is a huge organisation supported by a massive IT infrastructure making it the perfect target. Many partners and suppliers connect to its core network on a daily basis and each one has to be able to communicate patient data securely. But the lack of standardised security across the network was exposed on Friday, resulting in cancelled operations, closed A&E departments and many hospitals unable to access patients medical records. The disruption is expected to last for several days and has almost certainly resulted in loss of life.
As the NHS continues to deal with the fall-out from the attack Patientory founder and CEO Chrissa McFarlane urged the organisation to take proactive steps in adopting blockchain technology.
‘Blockchain presents us with an opportunity to securely store patient data whilst still enabling access across any number of distributed healthcare providers. The situation with the NHS right now is exactly the type of scenario that Patientory is designed to overcome through blockchain-secured medical records'
Patientory's use of blockchain technology can help affiliated healthcare organizations achieve zero data breaches. In addition, it abides by strict US HIPAA Security Rules by maintaining a security compliance team, protecting relevant electronic systems and using encryption to control data access.
The SaaS provider launched in 2015 and are partnered with Kaiser Permanente, one of the largest non-profit healthcare organisations in the U.S. Patientory can bring a range of benefits to healthcare networks through it's blockchain-based system such as lowering costs, raising standards of care and bringing together geographically dispersed providers into one secured network for patient management.
Cyberattacks are on the rise and WannaCry won't be the last. Fortunately a malware analyst at Kaspersky labs unwittingly stopped Friday's attack by registering a website domain found in the malware code, but warned that in time new malware will emerge without a kill switch. For an industry like healthcare, that controls huge volumes of sensitive and highly valuable data, Blockchain can't come soon enough.
To find out more about Patientory visit https://patientory.com
Chicago filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration Monday over its plan to hold back law enforcement grant funds from so-called sanctuary cities.
The lawsuit alleges that the Trump administration's policy forces cities to choose between receiving the money or fulfilling their constitutional obligations, Reuters reports
Sunday . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) announced the city's intent to sue in an interview on WLS radio 890 that aired
ADVERTISEMENT
"We're not going to actually auction off our values as a city, so Monday morning the city of Chicago is going to court, we're going to take the Justice Department to court based on this," Emanuel said.
The lawsuit also alleges that the administration's sanctuary city policy puts cooperation between law enforcement and local immigrant communities at risk, an argument long held by supporters of sanctuary policies.
"These new conditions also fly in the face of longstanding City policy that promotes cooperation between local law enforcement and immigrant communities," the lawsuit reads.
Immigration detainers — requests by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for local authorities to hold undocumented detainees longer than the constitutionally mandated period — have been at the center of that debate.
Last month, Sessions said the federal government would withhold Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program (JAG) grants, which channel federal criminal justice funds to state and local governments, from sanctuary jurisdictions.
"From now on, the Department will only provide Byrne JAG grants to cities and states that comply with federal law, allow federal immigration access to detention facilities, and provide 48 hours notice before they release an illegal alien wanted by federal authorities," said Sessions.
The administration argues that detainers make ICE agents and immigrant communities safer by ensuring that immigration arrests of dangerous criminals take place in controlled environments, such as city jails.
Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores criticized Emanuel's decision Sunday , pointing to Chicago's high murder rate.
"It's especially tragic that the mayor is less concerned with that staggering figure than he is spending time and taxpayer money protecting criminal aliens and putting Chicago's law enforcement at greater risk," she said in a statement.
Archive Archives Select Month February 2019 (13) January 2019 (12) December 2018 (10) November 2018 (10) October 2018 (27) September 2018 (14) August 2018 (19) July 2018 (16) June 2018 (30) May 2018 (21) April 2018 (24) March 2018 (21) February 2018 (21) January 2018 (34) December 2017 (25) November 2017 (23) October 2017 (36) September 2017 (37) August 2017 (38) July 2017 (33) June 2017 (51) May 2017 (38) April 2017 (38) March 2017 (57) February 2017 (15) January 2017 (59) December 2016 (25) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (55) September 2016 (33) August 2016 (37) July 2016 (32) June 2016 (41) May 2016 (27) April 2016 (34) March 2016 (36) February 2016 (31) January 2016 (28) December 2015 (40) November 2015 (34) October 2015 (48) September 2015 (36) August 2015 (37) July 2015 (28) June 2015 (28) May 2015 (36) April 2015 (47) March 2015 (27) February 2015 (29) January 2015 (34) December 2014 (20) November 2014 (36) October 2014 (39) September 2014 (25) August 2014 (23) July 2014 (25) June 2014 (19) May 2014 (24) April 2014 (29) March 2014 (24) February 2014 (22) January 2014 (28) December 2013 (20) November 2013 (44) October 2013 (48) September 2013 (33) August 2013 (37) July 2013 (37) June 2013 (26) May 2013 (25) April 2013 (37) March 2013 (30) February 2013 (34) January 2013 (29) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (40) October 2012 (42) September 2012 (37) August 2012 (36) July 2012 (14) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (8) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (8) January 2012 (8) December 2011 (11) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (16) September 2011 (20) August 2011 (16) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (21) May 2011 (19) April 2011 (23) March 2011 (13) February 2011 (30) January 2011 (13) December 2010 (9) November 2010 (12) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (16) August 2010 (8) July 2010 (6) June 2010 (20) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (15) March 2010 (12) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (1) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (4) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (70) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (7) November 2008 (6) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (1) April 2008 (2) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) November 2007 (2) August 2006 (2) October 2004 (1) January 2000 (1)
Originally Posted by ainitfunny Originally Posted by
L
I am not stupid, and am well aware of the high value of a Mathematics degree, but I question the lack of basic ARITHMETIC SKILLS that would lead such a student to dismiss the onerous DEBT he is contracting to repay when less expensive choices NOW could greatly influence his freedom and range of AVAILABLE options IN THE FUTURE.
I know young people feel bulletproof when they are young, but at least SOME measure of factoring FATE into the mix (cover your ass) to NOT leave you a "street person" or burger flipper should SOMETHING HAPPEN to interrupt and destroy the EXPECTED and planned for ideal, idyllic Educational Outcome you have bet your life on.
Young people, before they ever finish their degree, could become physically or mentally ill, get the "smarts" knocked out of you by a strong-armed robber, get caught or accused of doing something that dirties your name, reputation or character, get sued, arrested, accidentally kill someone with your car, get seriously injured while engaged in youthful "show off" recreational activity, get collared for child support that "puts off school", get divorced, eat a truck while crossing a street texting, piss off the wrong person, discover the real life consequences of actually believing and acting on the politically correct nonsense you were school indoctrinated rather with than the common sense your parents and grandparents taught you. Heck, the potential reasons you were not able to live the life you planned and are now not able to repay your obscene school debt are endless. All I said was that it is foolish to run up more debt than is absolutely necessary if there is any other option/choice.
BTW, it should also be considered that INDIA AND CHINA are graduating mathematics and "hard science" students by the tens of thousands (at least) AND THEY ARE USURPING THE JOBS AMERICAN SCIENCE MAJORS EXPECT TO CLAIM BECAUSE THEY ARE JUST AS QUALIFIED AND WILL WORK FOR A TENTH OF THE SALARY THAT AMERICAN GRADUATES EXPECT!!!
That may well be the real reason companies find it "hard to find" American hard science graduates to hire, BECAUSE OF THE THIRD WORLD WAGES THEY ARE NOW OFFERING, knowing there are plenty of third world scientists they can import to work for that low wage!
Coming Soon
Upstarts
Determined to ride the burgeoning wave of startup companies, three college graduates set out to change the world while making millions.
The Emperor of Porn
This biopic follows the tumultuous life of director Toru Muranishi, who revolutionized the porn industry during the economic boom of 1980s Japan.
KAOS
This genre-bending series puts a modern twist on Greek and Roman mythology, exploring themes of gender politics, power and life in the underworld.
Christmas in the Wild
After her husband leaves her, a stylish New Yorker goes on an African safari alone and finds new purpose in her life. Kristin Davis and Rob Lowe star.
PINOCCHIO
Oscar-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro reinvents the classic tale of the wooden puppet who dreams of becoming a real boy.
Followers
After an aspiring actress hits it big thanks to a candid Instagram, her life intersects with many other Tokyo women as they follow their dreams.
ReMastered: The Miami Showband Massacre
Ambushed by Ulster loyalists, three members of the Miami Showband were killed in Northern Ireland in 1975. Was the crime linked to the government?
Jinn
When a girl accidentally releases a jinn in the form of a teenage boy, they learn they've also unleashed an ancient darkness that threatens the world.
Defaults and Deferrals on Commodity Contracts:-
The Financial Times reports China buyers defer raw material cargos
Chinese consumers of thermal coal and iron ore are asking traders to defer cargos and – in some cases – defaulting on their contracts, in the clearest sign yet of the impact of the country's economic slowdown on the global raw materials markets. The deferrals and defaults have only emerged in the last few days, traders said, and have contributed to a drop in iron ore and coal prices. A senior executive at another large trading house also confirmed there had been defaults and deferrals in both thermal coal and iron ore. China's economy grew 8.1 per cent in the first quarter from the same period of 2011, the weakest rise in nearly three years but still pointing to a so-called soft landing.
Fantasyland Scenario
Pray tell how or why does any of this portend a soft landing?
The next two paragraphs are more realistic.
Other key economic indicators followed by Chinese policymakers, including electricity consumption, rail cargo volumes and disbursement of bank loans, point to a sharper slowdown, suggesting the risk of a hard landing. Soft commodities such as soybeans and cotton have also seen Chinese customers default in the past two weeks, a trader at a third global trading house said.
China Manufacturing PMI Softens Again, In Contraction For 6 Months
China shows modest deterioration in operating conditions during May according to HSBC Flash China Manufacturing PMI.
Commenting on the Flash China Manufacturing PMI survey, Hongbin Qu, Chief Economist, China & Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC said: “Manufacturing activities softened again in May, reflecting the deteriorating export situation. This calls for more aggressive policy easing, as inflation continues to slow. Beijing policymakers have been and will step up easing efforts to stabilize growth, as indicated by a slew of measures to boost liquidity, public housing and infrastructure investment and consumption. As long as the easing measures filter through, China will secure a soft landing in the coming quarters.”
“As Long As Pigs Have Wings”
The question of the day is: How does Markit find these perpetually bullish clowns every month for every country?
Here's my “as long as” thesis: As long as pigs have wings, they will fly.
I am amused that the vast majority of economists still have not figured out that pigs don't have wings and neither does the China soft landing theory.
For further discussion, please see 12 Predictions by Michael Pettis on China; Non-Food Commodity Prices Will Collapse Over Next Three to Four Years; Nails in the Hard Landing Coffin?
Mike “Mish” Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Images: Flickr (licence attribution)
About The Author
Mike Shedlock / Mish is a registered investment advisor representative for SitkaPacific Capital Management. Sitka Pacific is an asset management firm whose goal is strong performance and low volatility, regardless of market direction. Visit Sitka Pacific's Account Management Page to learn more about wealth management and capital preservation strategies of Sitka Pacific.
You are currently viewing my global economics blog which typically has commentary every day of the week. I am also a contributing “professor” on Minyanville, a community site focused on economic and financial education. Every Thursday I do a podcast on HoweStreet and on an ad hoc basis contribute to many other sites.
When not writing about stocks or the economy I spend a great deal of time on photography and in the garden. I have over 80 magazine and book cover credits. Some of my Wisconsin and gardening images can be seen at MichaelShedlock.com
WASHINGTON/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Iran tested a new medium-range ballistic missile last month in a breach of two U.N. Security Council resolutions, two U.S. officials said on Monday.
The officials, both speaking on condition of anonymity, said the test was held on Nov. 21. One of them said the missile traveled within Iranian territory.
A Western diplomatic source said last week on condition of anonymity that the test was held near Chabahar, a port city near Iran's border with Pakistan. He said it was a liquid-fueled missile with a 1,900 km (1,180 mile) range and was capable of carrying a nuclear warhead.
All ballistic missile tests by Iran are banned under a 2010 Security Council resolution that remains valid until a nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers is implemented.
Under that deal, reached on July 14, most sanctions on Iran will be lifted in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program. According to a July 20 resolution endorsing that deal, Iran is still "called upon" to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons for up to eight years.
In October, the United States, Britain, France and Germany called for the Security Council's Iran sanctions committee to take action over a missile test by Tehran that month that they said violated U.N. sanctions. So far, no action has been taken by the committee.
Sign up for daily Foreign Desk updates By signing up, you agree to receive emails from The Foreign Desk.
Several Security Council diplomats said on Monday they had received no official notification of a new alleged violation of the U.N. missile sanctions against Iran since the October notification. The diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity.
(Reporting by Timothy Ahmann, Philip Stewart and Mark Hosenball in Washington, Louis Charbonneau in New York and Dan Williams in Jerusalem; Editing by Eric Walsh, Jonathan Oatis and Ken Wills)
“Be ye lamps unto yourselves, be a refuge to yourselves. Hold fast to truth as a lamp; hold fast to the truth as a refuge. Look not for a refuge in anyone beside yourselves. And those, who shall be a lamp unto themselves, shall betake themselves to no external refuge, but holding fast to the truth as their lamp, and holding fast to the truth as their refuge, they shall reach the topmost height.” The Buddha
Here is another wonderful poem by Mary Oliver from her collection of poems House of Light. The poem is accompanied by a sample of beautiful music by shakuhachi (bamboo flute) master, Riley Lee, from his album Sanctuary (Music of a Zen Garden). May these gifts be a comfort to you and and an inspiration to your path!
The Buddha's Last Instruction
Mary Oliver
“Make yourself a light,”
said the Buddha,
before he died.
I think of this every morning
as the east begins
to tear off its many clouds
of darkness, to send up the first
signal—a white fan
streaked with pink and violet,
even green.
An old man, he lay down
between two sala trees,
and he might have said anything,
knowing it was his final hour.
The light burns upward,
it thickens and settles over the fields.
Around him, the villagers gathered
and stretched forward to listen.
Even before the sun itself
hangs, disattached, in the blue air,
I am touched everywhere
by its oceans of yellow waves.
No doubt he thought of everything
that had happened in his difficult life.
And then I feel the sun itself
as it blazes over the hills,
like a million flowers on fire—
clearly I'm not needed,
yet I feel myself turning
into something of inexplicable value.
Slowly, beneath the branches,
he raised his head.
He looked into the faces of that frightened crowd.
Riley Lee: “Moon Shadows” from Sanctuary https://mettarefuge.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/03-moon-shadows.mp3
♥♥♥
The Irish pub – that staple of community life and a major tourist draw – is in steep decline but could save itself by the simple expedient of rolling out free Wi-Fi. More than half of 18 to 24-year-olds would go to the pub more often if there was free Wi-Fi, a Molson Coors survey reveals.
One of the unexpected casualties of the recession in Ireland has been the good old Irish pub. Once a focal point of community life (for better or worse) these hostelries are struggling and closing as revellers prioritise mortgages and groceries and transfer their socialising to Facebook in the midst of personal economic strain.
Irish pubs are also threatened by the lower price of alcohol in supermarkets as recession-weary shoppers opt for nights in rather than nights out.
No doubt the fine weather this weekend will boost business, but Wi-Fi for free I suspect would entice footfall in general. I live 48 kilometres or more from Dublin in a little village with two pubs. When I am allowed off the leash and head off for a pint of the black stuff I observe a daft ritual where the few remaining ‘regulars' would crook their mobile phones against the window pane or hand it to the bar man to put up on a shelf just so they could get just enough cellular signal to retrieve a simple text message. Daft in this day and age.
A simple investment in a broadband connection and a Wi-Fi router would ensure a younger audience who needs to remain wired into their Facebook and Twitter friends would show up and provide customers. Simple, really. Not only that but tourists who want to keep in touch with loved ones via Skype, email and various social channels would also view the hostelry as a kind of beacon in the wilderness.
Then again there are the purists who still bemoan the arrival of the television in the quiet city or country pub. They may argue a good conversation – or pure silence – is better company than people with their eyes glued to a glittering little screen retweeting their every utterance.
Better food, free Wi-Fi
According to the Molson Coors survey, one in three people polled said they'd go to the pub more often if there was free Wi-Fi. Some 51pc of 18 to 24-year-olds definitely want it and some 45pc of 25 to 34-year-olds say the same.
In Ireland, 43pc of the pub-going public in Dublin say they would go more often if there was free Wi-Fi in their boozer of choice. This corresponds to 31pc of would-be revellers in Leinster, 37pc in Munster and 28pc in Connaught.
Molson Coors, one of the world's biggest beer brewers which set up in Dublin and Belfast in 2010, has revealed that 63pc of Irish pub goers go to their local less than they did two years ago, but 86pc (85.7pc) would visit their local more frequently if pubs offered features such as free Wi-Fi and better food and entertainment.
The countrywide research looked at the changing habits of the Irish pub-going public over the past two years and what the Irish pub industry needs to provide them in order to increase more frequent visits and increase its survival chances.
When asked what they want from their local pub that they're not currently getting, more than 1 in 3 (36pc) of the Irish public polled said free Wi-Fi, 35pc would like live music entertainment, 29.8pc want better food, 27.8pc called for better toilets, 26.6pc would like a shuttle bus service laid on, 23.4pc would like outdoor heating, 21.6pc would like more laughs with live comedy, 20.6pc want to test their knowledge in a pub quiz, 14.6pc want their own dedicated smoking area, 10pc would like to join a pub sports team, and 7.6pc would be happier if their local provided social network feeds.
Unsurprisingly, 65pc want cheaper drinks.
“Everyone knows the pub industry has been in steep decline for some time now,” said Niall Phelan, country manager, Molson Coors Ireland.
“We conducted this research so we could help publicans identify what their customers are looking for, and as a means to help address and improve some of the issues the industry is currently facing.
“While price is typically a barrier to growth in a stagnant economy, the research illustrates that by offering value-added services like free Wi-Fi, entertainment and better food and facilities, pubs can meet customer expectations and attract footfall without actually resorting to ongoing price reductions.”
QR codes and augmented reality
The survey comes the same week that an innovative new beer glass with a QR code was developed in New York by advertising agency BBDO.
The unique pint glass design presents you with a scannable QR code – but only when you have filled it to the top with Guinness.
Scanning the code will then prompt you to tweet about your pint, update your Facebook status, check in via Foursquare, download coupons and promotions, invite friends to join you for a tipple and launch exclusive content from Guinness.
What bar owners need to realise is that new forms of marketing such as QR codes and augmented reality won't work unless revellers can get a decent cellular signal in the worst-case scenario.
by
In 1989 the Greens held their national gathering in Eugene, Oregon. That was before they had entered national electoral politics, when they still focused on grassroots organizing, and what we now call ‘movement from below.' I was sitting on the stairs of the U of O campus, where the event was held, chatting with George Katsiaficas and an ecological organizer from India, when the subject of the next years' 20th anniversary of Earth Day came up. We talked about how it would be good to radicalize the event, and counter the attempt by corporations to co-opt it. I would soon be moving to New York City, and mostly as a joke, I suggested that we shut down Wall Street for Earth Day. George liked the idea, and made me a deal: He would suggest it when he addressed the gathering that evening and, if it was well received, I would have to make sure it happened. Well, he did present the idea, putting forward a vision of using abandoned cars chained to light polls to block the streets around the stock exchange, and the Greens loved it, giving him a standing ovation. We were on.
At the time I was part of an organization called the Youth Greens, made up of anarchist, socialist and generally radical, Leftist youth. We sought to counter those who thought the Greens should become a national political party, instead emphasizing direct action and the creation of counter-institutions and dual-power. We had a good number of ideological battles with older reformists, and often aligned ourselves with the Left Green Network, with whom we shared many political principles. We were in part influenced by the work of Murray Bookchin, in particular his understanding that the ecological crisis was based in the crisis in society, and that to end the attempt to dominate nature, we would have to end forms of social domination. We understood that social relations like capitalism, patriarchy and racism were at the root of the ecological crisis.
The Youth Greens were born at a gathering at Antioch College in 1989, adopting a set of politics that included Gay, Lesbian and Bi-Sexual Liberation, Social Eco-Feminism, Revolutionary Dual-Power, Anti-Racism and Anti-Capitalism. These political principles were developed through a directly democratic process, in which working groups would write principles, bring them to a general assembly for discussion and debate, then back to the working group for further development. We wrote our founding documents this way over the weekend.
We would go on to develop five active local groups, and individual members across the US and Canada. The Youth Greens proposed an Earth Day Wall Street Action for April 23rd, 1990, the Monday morning after the huge 20th Earth Day celebration. Pretty quickly the Left Green Network endorsed the action, as did the revolutionary anarchist Love and Rage group, and eventually over forty other social justice, ecological, and Green groups from around the country. We saw this action as an opportunity to push a social movement direction for the Greens and broader environmental movement.
Former members of the anti-nuclear Clamshell Alliance in New England got involved, and a group in Vermont produced a fifty-page action handbook with essays from various organizers, information on forming affinity-groups, write-ups about the grassroots groups involved, and even a bibliography for further reading. At the time, corporations put forward the idea that it was individual behavior that was responsible for environmental problems, so the cover of the Action Handbook proclaimed: “Who is destroying the Earth – Are we all equally to blame? NO! We say go to the source. We say: Take it to Wall Street!”
We rented office space from Love and Rage and held regular meetings in New York and New England. Young folks from The Guardian, the Leftist national newspaper that is now defunct, got involved, and groups like Bhopal Action Resource Center, Dine Green Alliance, the Love Canal Homeowners' Association, ACT UP and other groups endorsed the action. A Youth Green local in San Francisco organized a solidarity action for the same time, and other actions were planned to coincide around the country.
At the time, mass actions were usually characterized by permitted marches, with ‘Peace Police' keeping people in line. We wanted to break out of this model. There would be no permit, and no one in charge. Instead, we encouraged folks to form affinity-groups, and to show up at 6am to block the traders from getting in to the stock exchange. Mind you, this is almost ten years before the World Trade Organization protests in Seattle.
The weekend leading up to the action, we held huge organizing meetings and direct action trainings at Charas/El Bohio, the squatted Lower East Side school that was home to Puerto Rican cultural and political groups.
The Youth Greens, who were in part influenced by the German autonomen, organized a black bloc, a ‘mobile cluster' of affinity groups, with everyone dressed in black, using black bandanas to cover their faces to deter the police from singling people out for surveillance and arrest. The meet-up point for the black bloc was Liberty Plaza, which later would be renamed Zuccotti Park, and become home to the Occupy Wall Street movement. This was one of the first times the black bloc tactic was used in the US.
Dozens of young folks showed up at Liberty Plaza at 6am, and quickly got to work building barricades on Broadway with bicycle racks, garbage cans, and pieces of wood from a nearby construction site, before the sun had even come up. Meanwhile, hundreds of additional folks arrived, and affinity groups began sitting down in front of the entrances of the police saw-horse mazes erected to make sure Wall Street opened for business. Six hundred police were mobilized for this purpose, in effect shutting down Wall Street, surrounding it with saw horses and riot cops so no one could get close. Over 1,500 people showed up for the action, which lasted till the late afternoon, blocking entrances and causing mayhem. Over 200 were arrested. In San Francisco, 600 people showed up at the Pacific Stock Exchange, blocking entrances, scuffling with police and unarresting people. The windshield of a police car was broken, as were several bank windows and several people were arrested on charges of assaulting a police officer. It felt like the beginning of a new ecological direct action movement, targeting capitalism for the social and ecological crisis.
In 1990 those of us who confronted 600 police guarding Wall Street felt we were part of a new movement. That summer, Earth First!, through the efforts of Judi Barry and others, would organize Redwood Summer in California, seeking to bridge the gap between the working-class, labor, and environmentalists. Hundreds of young people went to Northern California for a series of direct actions to protect old growth forests. That fall, the Student Environmental Action Coalition would hold its second national conference, with more than 7,000 students from all 50 states and eleven countries attending. We felt optimistic about the future of the movement.
When one is in the streets with hundreds and thousands of others, part of a sustained movement – think of Occupy at its height, or the recent movement against police violence – it feels timeless, like the movement will go on until we're victorious. It's easy to get infatuated with our collective power. Yet, this youthful social ecological insurgency died down over time. In 1992, the Youth Greens, disgusted with the Greens' entry into national electoral politics, would seek to change their name, but eventually fizzled out. The journal the organization produced, Free Society, would continue to publish until 1996, but after that it too was finished.
The Youth Greens were limited in their makeup, primarily white, working and middle class, mostly college students. While having a relatively sophisticated understanding of patriarchy, racism and class exploitation, the group was new to organizing, and mostly made things up as they went along. They were caught between older Greens, who often thought they were too radical, and younger anarchists and other Leftists, who questioned why they thought the Green movement had revolutionary potential. Eventually, the Youth Greens began to question this as well and most, such as the Minneapolis AWOL collective, dived deeper into anarchist politics. AWOL began working with local Native peoples against radioactive waste storage on a nearby reservation.
For an organization of mostly people in their twenties, with some high school students also involved, the Youth Greens are significant for what they tried to navigate and figure out, namely the relationships between social forms of domination and ecological collapse, attempting to both think through these things, and organize an oppositional movement to create a new society. That's a lot for a bunch of folks in their early twenties to take on. That they failed says more about the depth of our situation and the size of the tasks involved, more than anything else, but it also proves how difficult it is to sustain organizing with a demographic inherently in flux, unable to commit to long-term projects.
Twenty-five years later, the social and ecological crisis is even worse. In 1990 climate change was a minor concern, just one among many other ecological issues. Today it is preeminent in many people's minds. Naomi Klein, in her book This Changes Everything, names capitalism as being responsible for climate change, which is important, yet she backs off this insight with too many qualifications and ultimately recommends primarily reformist solutions. Rather than addressing how capitalism is inherently an anti-ecological social and economic force, she blames “unregulated capitalism” and leaves the reader believing that a Green capitalism is a possibility; that reforms can solve the problem. It is this type of muddled, misdirected thinking that the organizers of the Wall Street Action sought to counter. We need to talk about how climate politics really does change everything, and just how profound a restructuring of society is required.
We can learn much from the experience of the Youth Greens, and the Earth Day Wall Street Action. The politics they advanced, based in directly democratic process, is now common amongst radicals. The Youth Greens' understanding of the inter-connections between various forms of oppression, and that the ecological crisis stems from the crisis in society, is widespread. But how do we translate that into a sustained movement to transform society? How do we maintain our movements when people stop showing up? How do we build institutions to weather the inevitable lulls in activity? How do we go on, despite the odds, and the pulls of needing to survive, to pay the bills, in a society that leaves so little room for devoting oneself to working for change? These are some of the questions we need to address, and that today's movement against police violence, for example, must answer.
One thing we can draw from the experience of the Youth Greens is the importance of forming study groups. Study groups can help organizers to develop collective understandings and political cohesion, while countering isolation and despair. Study groups can also lay the basis for growing into political collectives that can take action together, and confederate and work with other collectives.
The Youth Greens lasted about four years, but we need to develop political organizations that can continue when movement activity dies down. Between upsurges, it's important to have groups of radicals and revolutionaries that have a common analysis, and can act together when people begin to mobilize. Having revolutionaries in organizations can have a positive influence on the development of new insurgencies.
The Earth Day Wall Street Action, like the later Seattle protests against the WTO, the Occupy movement, and the Black Lives Matter movement, demonstrate the way in which militant direct action can influence public consciousness. In the case of the Wall Street Action, the following morning, newspapers across the country proclaimed thousands of people turned out to indict capitalism for environmental problems, and helped counter the corporate attempt to Greenwash Earth Day.
Today, we need an ecological movement against capitalism even more than we did twenty-five years ago. Looking back at the Wall Street Action, we can look forward to the future.
Paul Messersmith-Glavin is an organizer with the Hella 503 Collective, an organization that grew out of the Occupy movement, in Portland, Oregon. He was a founder of the Youth Greens, and is a part of the Institute for Anarchist Studies and the Perspectives on Anarchist Theory journal collective. Twitter: @glavin_paul
PYONGYANG, North Korea — Goose-stepping soldiers, columns of tanks and a broad array of ominous-looking missiles poised on mobile launchers paraded through Pyongyang's main square on Saturday in a painstakingly choreographed military pageant intended to strike fear into North Korea's adversaries and rally its people behind young ruler Kim Jong-un on the 60th anniversary of the armistice that ended the Korean War.
The lavish assembly of weapons and troops is reminiscent of the marches held by the Soviet Union and China at the height of the Cold War. It is one of the few chances the world gets to see North Korea's military up close. Although Pyongyang frequently uses the occasion to reveal new, though not always operational, hardware, there didn't appear to be any new weapons in Saturday's parade. Its arsenal of missiles, however, was front-and-centre.
Overlooking a sea of spectators mobilized in Kim Il Sung Square to cheer and wave flags, leader Kim Jong-un saluted his troops from a review stand. He was flanked by senior military officials, the chests of their olive green and white uniforms laden with medals. As fighter jets screamed overhead, a relaxed looking Kim smiled and talked with China's vice-president. China fought with North Korea during the war and is Pyongyang's only major ally and a crucial source of economic aid. Kim did not make a speech.
Saturday's parade marks a holiday the North Koreans call “Victory Day in the Fatherland Liberation War,” although the 1950-53 Korean War ended in a truce and the Korean Peninsula remains technically at war.
In Washington, President Barack Obama marked the day with a speech at the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the National Mall, saying the anniversary marks the end of the war and the beginning of a long and prosperous peace.
“Here today, we can say with confidence, that war was no tie, Korea was a victory,” with 50 million South Koreans living in freedom and “a vibrant democracy” in stark contrast to dire conditions in the North, Obama said.
He said the U.S.-South Korea partnership remains “a bedrock of stability” throughout the Pacific region, and gave credit to the U.S. service members who fought all those years ago and to the men and women currently stationed there.
Kim's rule, which began in late 2011 after the death of his father, Kim Jong Il, has been marked by high tensions with Washington and Seoul. He has overseen two long-range rocket launches and a nuclear test that drew widespread condemnation and tightened UN sanctions.
North and South Korea have turned to tentative diplomacy in recent weeks, but March and April saw North Korean threats of nuclear war against Washington and Seoul in response to annual South Korean-U.S. military drills and UN condemnation of Pyongyang's February nuclear test, the country's third. Long-stalled North Korean nuclear disarmament talks show no sign of resuming.
Last year's parade in Pyongyang, held to commemorate the April celebrations of the 100th birthday of the late national founder Kim Il Sung, Kim Jong-un's grandfather, created a buzz among military watchers when the North rolled out a mysterious long-range missile known abroad as the KN-08. Most outside observers now believe the missiles were mock-ups, but they were carried on mobile launchers that appeared to have been obtained from China, possibly against UN arms trade sanctions.
Choe Ryong Hae, the army's top political officer, said North Korea should be ready to fight to defend the stability the country needs to revive the economy. But his speech at Kim Il Sung Square was mild compared with past fiery rhetoric from Pyongyang attacking the United States and South Korea.
Meanwhile, in South Korea, President Park Geun-hye vowed not to tolerate provocations from North Korea — Seoul says North Korean attacks in 2010 killed 50 South Koreans — but she also said Seoul would work on building trust with the North. “I urge North Korea to give up the development of nuclear weapons if the country is to start on a path toward true change and progress,” Park said in a speech.
North Korea is estimated to have a handful of crude nuclear bombs, but many analysts don't think it has yet mastered the technology needed to build warheads small enough to fit on long-range missiles.
About 200 people gathered in Seoul, some burning pictures of the North's ruling Kim dynasty, at a rally meant “to condemn the nuclear development and threatening strategy of the tyrannical regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un,” said Park Chan-sung, an anti-North Korea activist.
Shin Eun-gyeong, who visited an exhibit on the armistice on Saturday at a recently opened history museum, said she wants the rival Koreas to be unified — but as a democracy, not under North Korea's autocratic rule. “It's a real tragedy for Korea that we are still a divided nation,” Shin said.
The North's parade tradition goes back to the founding of the country in 1948. Few countries — including North Korea's communist models — continue to trot out their military forces in public squares with such pomp and pageantry. But Pyongyang has stuck with them because its leaders believe they are a good way to show the world those things about the military they want to reveal, while at the same time sending a potent message domestically of the power of the ruling elite.
“The beauty of a parade is that weapons systems don't actually have to work in order to be impressive — a missile launcher looks good even when the missile won't launch,” said David Stone, an expert on the Soviet and Russian militaries at Kansas State University.
That can be risky, however.
Almost as soon as last year's parade was over, military experts around the world said they thought the stars of the show — the long-range KN-08 missiles — were mock-ups of a design that is still being perfected and probably couldn't actually fly, despite North Korea's claims that it has the capability to strike the United States with nuclear-tipped ICBMs.
“They certainly learned that they might lose some reputation by showing imperfect mock-ups,” said Marcus Schiller, a private-sector aerospace engineer in Germany who is regarded as one of the world's leading authorities on North Korea's missile capabilities. “Better to show nothing and let the world know by 'leaked secret information' how dangerous they are.”
Even so, analysts say the parades send important messages meant to signal strength to North Korea's people — who are not privy to such outside analysis. As it rolled out its arsenal Saturday, military helicopters, jets in formation and other warplanes did flyovers. Later, thousands of civilians marched alongside festive floats, a departure from previous parades. A truckload of soldiers wore chest packs with nuclear symbols.
“After watching this parade, I feel our country could defeat anyone,” said Ryang Un Ho, 84, a captain in the North Korean infantry during the war who sat in the hot sun with other veterans at the square for the two-hour spectacle.
The Associated Press
VANCOUVER—George Weston Ltd. and Loblaw Companies Ltd. revealed Tuesday that both the bakery owner and grocer participated in an industry-wide bread price-fixing arrangement for over a decade, but will receive immunity after tipping off Canada's competition watchdog. “This is a difficult matter and clearly something that never should have happened,” said Galen G. Weston, CEO of both companies, in a conference call with analysts.
The competition bureau's investigation into alleged bread price-fixing involves at least seven companies. George Weston Ltd. and Loblaw Companies Ltd. admitted to participating in the arrangement. (The Canadian Press)
The companies became aware of an arrangement involving the co-ordination of retail and wholesale prices of some packaged breads from late 2001 until March 2015, they said in a joint statement. They notified the Competition Bureau and have co-operated as an immunity applicant since March 2015. “As a result of the co-operation we have provided to the Competition Bureau, neither George Weston Ltd. nor Loblaw or their respective employees will face criminal charges or penalties,” Weston said.
Article Continued Below
Participants in what the companies called an industry-wide arrangement included Loblaw, George Weston's bakery division, as well as other major grocery retailers and another bread wholesaler, the companies said, adding they regularly increased prices on a co-ordinated basis. Last month, the Competition Bureau executed warrants to search the offices of certain grocers to gather evidence, but said that there had been no conclusion of wrongdoing and no charges had been laid. Metro Inc. said in a statement Tuesday that it continues to co-operate with authorities and it has launched an internal investigation. Read more: Competition Bureau's bread price-fixing probe leaves experts surprised
The employees responsible for Weston Bakeries and Loblaw's role in the arrangement are no longer employed by the companies, George Weston Ltd. and Loblaw Companies Ltd said in a joint statement. ( Doug Ives / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Article Continued Below
“Based on the information processed to date, we have found no evidence that Metro has violated the Competition Act and we do not believe that the bureau's investigation will have a material adverse effect on the corporation's business, results of operations or financial condition,” the statement said.
Share your thoughts
Sobeys Inc., Canada Bread and Walmart Canada also said they were fully co-operating. The three companies and Sobeys's parent company, Empire Co. Ltd., did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Loblaw and George Weston said they've taken several steps since discovering the arrangement to beef up compliance programs. They established an independent compliance office earlier this year and provided compliance training and recertification to marketing personnel at Weston Bakeries and all merchants and store managers at Loblaw, as well as senior managers at both companies and at parent company George Weston. The employees responsible for the companies' role in the arrangement are no longer employed there. Loblaw is also offering eligible customers who register online at LoblawCard.ca before May a $25 gift card that can be used at its grocery stores across Canada. Registration will open January 8 and spokesman Kevin Groh said broadly speaking, customers will have to declare they are at or above the age of majority and purchased certain packaged products bread products at an eligible banner store before March 1, 2015. Loblaw expects three million to six million Canadians will receive the goodwill gesture and that it will book a $75 million to $150 million quarterly charge in relation to the program. To see if you're eligible for a Loblaw gift card, visit loblawcard.ca. The companies might also book charges related to damages in the coming quarters but said their cash balances “far exceed any realistic damages scenario.” The companies do not expect the outcome of class actions filed in relation to the investigation to have a material impact on their finances. However, they added Loblaw is likely more exposed because the majority of the over charging on bread accrued to retailers. They added disclosure came after sealed court filings into the matter were made available to the companies and other affected parties for review. Canada's Competition Act prohibits agreements that “prevent or unduly lessen competition or to unreasonably enhance the price of a product,” according to the bureau. That could include agreements between competitors to fix prices, or to restrict production of a product by setting quotas or other means would be considered cartel activities. Penalties for price fixing could include fines of up to $10 million, imprisonment to a maximum term of five years, or both. However, the bureau says price-fixing conspiracies are, by their nature, difficult to detect and prove.
Read more about:
David de Gea tells Sky Sports' Patrick Davison he is happy at Manchester United and wants to become a club hero David de Gea tells Sky Sports' Patrick Davison he is happy at Manchester United and wants to become a club hero
Ahead of Manchester United's Super Sunday clash with Liverpool, David de Gea gives a rare interview in English to Sky Sports' Patrick Davison, declaring his desire to stay with the 20-time top flight champions and become a club icon...
It felt like a massive moment, the Theatre of Dreams coming alive as Anthony Martial burst past Martin Skrtel and then, after a split-second of calm, erupting as the 19-year-old slotted the ball past Simon Mignolet with all the coolness you'd expect from the 'new Thierry Henry'.
By the time he was done, Liverpool were beaten, the Premier League had a new star and Old Trafford had a new hero, but there was another huge story that day. In fact, there was another huge story in the warm-up.
That story was the return of David de Gea and the ear-splitting reception he received from the home fans as his name was announced before kick-off.
"I cannot describe how I felt in that moment," said the Spain international, who had been ready to return to his hometown and play for Real Madrid.
"In another country, at another club, the fans would not be the same as at Manchester United. They are some of the best in the world, it was unbelievable."
De Gea has once again been one of United's stand-out performers
De Gea's move to Madrid collapsed amid administrative chaos and finger-pointing between two of the world's great clubs on deadline day - four days before the Liverpool match and at around the same time as the club were making Martial the world's most expensive teenager.
It looked, initially, like a temporary reprieve, like De Gea would be lost to Madrid on a free transfer the following summer.
But a lot has changed since then. Firstly, De Gea signed a new contract and now, even if, as many suspects, that contract contains some sort of release clause, Madrid have been banned from transfer activity for the next two windows, anyway.
They could yet make a move in the last couple of weeks of January but a transfer seems unlikely. The very fact he was happy to do a rare interview in English with us for this week's Super Sunday indicates that he's settled and the club are relaxed. They and he could easily have dodged it.
"I'm happy, I'm enjoying it and I believe in the team," said De Gea, not sounding like a man on his way. In fact, when asked about the feats of Peter Schmeichel and Edwin van der Sar, he sounded like a man ready to dedicate at least the next few seasons of his career to the club.
"They were the greatest goalkeepers in the Premier League, they are legends for this club and that is what I want."
I train every day to be the best goalkeeper in the world, that is my aim. David de Gea
In keeping De Gea, United clung on to a man close being the best in the world in his position and a man with the hunger to get even better.
"I train every day to be the best goalkeeper in the world, that is my aim," said the stopper who this week finished behind only Manuel Neuer in the voting for the FIFPro World XI.
"I'm not sure who the best is now, but it's what I want. Also, to win trophies for Manchester United."
It's easy to forget now that De Gea's early days at United were dogged by high-profile errors and criticism. He thought about leaving back then, at a time when there wouldn't have been anything like the same clamour for him to stay.
"The early days were difficult, there were some moments when I thought, 'This is not the place for me, I need to go back to Spain'," said De Gea, talking of a time when a mistake against Blackburn back in 2011 cost his team the game and him his place in the side.
"But I worked hard, in the gym and on the pitch. And I fight, I fight a lot."
Quique Sanchez Flores made David de Gea his No 1 goalkeeper at Atletico Madrid
The hard work and the fight paid off. De Gea has been United's Player of the Year in each of the last two seasons. He's excelled at a time when the club have been in transition and the team underperforming.
That's why last time against Liverpool was so huge. United hadn't just gained a new hero, they'd kept an old one.
It looked like he'd gone but David de Gea stayed. On Super Sunday, Liverpool will have to find a way past him.
Watch the full interview with De Gea on Super Sunday, live on Sky Sports 1 HD from 1pm
In the months following the collapse of Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, the bitcoin community is still struggling to understand what brought the oldest and once-largest exchange to its knees.
How did it lose so much money? Where did it go?
They're answers we're very much looking for, but a new report published at The Willy Report raises even more questions, particularly surround the exchange and its relationship to the price of bitcoin.
The report spotlights two trading bots that were spotted by community members last year, given the names “Willy” and “Markus”.
Both bots would purchase somewhere between 10 – 20 bitcoins every 5 to 10 minutes non-stop for the least one month. In total, the report indicates that somewhere in the neighborhood of 570,000 bitcoins were purchased, valued at hundreds of millions of dollars.
These actions took place in November, when the bitcoin price soared past $1,200 — leading the report's writer to draw a connection between Markus and Willy to Mt. Gox.
But how do trading bots point that finger at Mt. Gox and not, perhaps, a rich investor looking to get into the bitcoin space? Further, why would Mt. Gox inflate the price artificially?
The Markus bot never had to pay any fees on his trades, curiously enough, and continued trading right through the numerous amount of times Mt. Gox experienced downtime. And as pointed out by our friends at CryptoCoins News, both trading bots had no country code attached to their accounts.
But there's real flavor in this next tidbit of information:
In a released version of trading logs, the user identification belonging to Markus was changed to ‘634'. Going back to a leaked user account list from 2011, user ID 634 was attached to the handle “MagicalTux” — which is of course the alias the belongs to Gox CEO Mark Karpeles.
Assuming the information provided can be traced back to Mt. Gox, what we could be looking at here is the company's last-ditch effort to save themselves upon realizing their reserves had been depleted.
The report's author closes:
“Barring similar shenanigans at other exchanges (looking at you China) I think this means we may be at a ‘fair' valuation now, and that this knowledge will not hurt the price all that much. That said, despite everyone's expectations, it seems unlikely that there will be another huge ‘bubble', seeing as they were never ‘real' in the first place.”
We implore you to read the The Willy Report article here.
What do you think? Damning evidence or pure speculation?
0
Pixar took some big chances from 2007-2009. Ratatouille starred a rat (not a cuddly animal), WALL-E spent its first act in a quiet and abandoned Earth, and Up had a geriatric as an adventure hero. They're all great movies, and none of them came close to matching the $1 billion worldwide pulled in from Toy Story 3 (it's worth noting that of the 2007-2009 movies, only Up was in 3D). And while Cars 2 grossed only $559 million worldwide, its merchandising sales were probably through the roof. These movies and have hopefully put enough into the company's coffers that they can have the creative freedom to pursue the original features The Good Dinosaur, Inside Out, and the Untitled Dia de Los Muertos movie. The sequels will begin again in November 2015 with Finding Dory, and it looks like a sequel to another Pixar movie might be in the works.
Hit the jump for more.
On a recent conference call with shareholders, Disney CEO Bob Iger said the following [via Bleeding Cool]:
On the animation front, Pixar continues to create great value for our company too. We are very excited about Monsters University which opens next month. Pixar's slate of films for the next five years includes fantastic original stories as well as some great sequels to their previous hits. And as we recently announced, we are in production on one of those sequels, Finding Dory, featuring Ellen DeGeneres once again as the voice of Dory, one of the most beloved characters from Finding Nemo which was one of the most popular and profitable movies to date.
The key phrase is “one of those sequels”. It's possible Iger means Planes, but Planes is a spin-off and it's not from Pixar. Of everything Pixar has, Toy Story 4, seems the likeliest candidate. Back in 2011, Tom Hanks said the studio was working on it, the franchise is the most successful of Pixar's work, there's plenty of room for more stories, and it can generate the merchandising dollars of Cars (or close to it) without carrying the stink of those movies. Personally, I'd love to see The Incredibles 2, but that feels like director Brad Bird‘s baby whereas Toy Story has always belonged to the whole studio.
I'm glad Pixar is about to break their sequel streak, but I also acknowledge that their owner, Disney, is a business, and that there is some give and take. Hopefully, the upcoming slate original features will be as daring as the 2007-2009 movies.
Romney Shifts Gears On Auto Industry Bailout
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jae C. Hong/AP Jae C. Hong/AP
Mitt Romney is from Michigan, a state he has said he hopes to win in November. But the likely Republican presidential nominee has very publicly opposed the government bailout of the auto industry.
In 2008, when it was clear Chrysler and General Motors were in big trouble, he wrote a New York Times op-ed with the headline "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt."
Today the companies are back, making cars and making money. And now, candidate Romney says it was his idea all along.
Romney's Bailout Views Talking about the auto bailout in an appearance on WEWS-TV in Cleveland this week, Mitt Romney said he would "take a lot of credit for the fact that this industry's come back." WEWS TV YouTube
In an appearance earlier this week on Cleveland's WEWS-TV, Romney raised more than a few eyebrows when he said: "I pushed the idea of a managed bankruptcy and finally when that was done and help was given, the companies got back on their feet. So I'll take a lot of credit for the fact that this industry's come back."
It's true that in his 2008 editorial, Romney suggested the idea of a managed bankruptcy. He says it was a mistake for the Bush administration and later the Obama administration to give the automakers money before they went into bankruptcy.
In November, during a debate sponsored by CNBC, Romney said he would have had "the private sector guiding the direction as opposed to what we had, with the government playing its heavy hand." video platform video management video solutions video player
He explained his vision in a CNBC-sponsored debate in November 2011. "[In] my plan, we would have had a private-sector ... restructuring and bankruptcy, with the private sector guiding the direction as opposed to what we had, with the government playing its heavy hand."
'No Money To Do It'
Bob Lutz, a retired vice chairman of GM and author of the book Car Guys vs. Bean Counters: The Battle for the Soul of American Business, was at GM at the time of the crisis.
"Frankly, what we told ourselves at General Motors was we're sure he's a good governor, but he doesn't know what he's talking about in this instance," Lutz says.
Lutz says he and other executives wrote off Romney's idea of a private-sector restructuring for one simple reason.
"What he conveniently forgets is that there was zero liquidity in the country," Lutz says. "There was no way to fund a private Chapter 11 — even though, believe me, General Motors really tried to get private debt financing or organize a private Chapter 11. But there was no money to do it."
Ultimately, GM and Chrysler did go through managed bankruptcies — managed by the government with taxpayer dollars. In the months since that November debate, Romney has changed his emphasis, saying he was also open to the idea of government guarantees — though not government checks — to help the companies emerge from bankruptcy.
Lutz describes himself as a conservative and a Republican and he's no fan of President Obama — that is, except in the case of the auto rescue.
"He just went in and he put the right team together and he got it done and the results are there for all to see, and I think you have to give credit where credit is due," Lutz says.
And, despite his own personal political leanings, Lutz says it's not due to Romney.
"I hope he carries Michigan, but to me there's something not quite right about a political system that will rely on modifications of the truth in order to get the political job done," Lutz says.
Taking Credit?
Another person who was deeply involved in the auto bailout is Steven Rattner. He was the lead adviser to the president and the Treasury secretary, and was known as the "car czar."
"Oh, I have seen the quote," Rattner says, but he isn't sure how Romney can, as the candidate said earlier this week, "take a lot of credit" for the industry's comeback.
"We, of course, had absolutely no contact with him during this. We were unaware of any views he might have had. I know he wrote a piece for The New York Times in '08, but we really hadn't paid any attention to it," Rattner says. "So this idea that he now is taking credit for it does boggle the mind."
Obama this week described it as one of Romney's "Etch-A-Sketch moments." For his part, Romney points back to that 2008 editorial, saying he was right all along.
The green doors of the mosque stand like scarred giants, with gaping holes torn through the wood. The debris of four days of rioting between Palestinians and Israeli police lie in a large pile to one side, while pieces of wood, metal, book cases and burned carpet litter the courtyard.
This is Al Aqsa Mosque, the third holiest site in Islam after Mecca and Medina and the flashpoint for violence in divided Jerusalem for decades. Just days ago, Palestinian protesters were holed up inside the mosque throwing stones and petrol bombs at Israeli police, who fought back before sealing the doors of the building. Palestinians claim the police entered the mosque itself.
By Thursday, the violence had spilled into the warren of streets and alleys that surround the Al Aqsa compound, which contains both the mosque and Dome of the Rock, with its golden dome. On Friday, Jerusalem was poised for more violence with a heavy police presence and journalists being prevented from entering the Old City at all.
Blind faith? Violence at al-Aqsa is no new phenomenon. In 2000 it was a visit to the site by Ariel Sharon that sparked the bloody second intifada, or uprising, in the West Bank and Gaza. Ever since, many Jewish activists have attempted to visit the compound, which is believed to be the site of the first and second Jewish temple and therefore the holiest site in Judaism. Jews can worship below the mosque at the Western Wall, believed to be an original outer wall of the temple. Traditional Judaism banned Jews from going to the Temple Mount for fear they might desecrate the inner chamber of the sanctuary in the Jewish Temple reserved for the presence of God that could be entered only by the High Priest on the Day of Atonement (Yom Kippur). Since Israel conquered the Old City of Jerusalem in 1967 from Jordan, the mosque compound has been under Jordanian administration but Israeli military control. Jews are allowed to visit the site but they are not permitted to pray, and a group of Muslim security guards known as the 'Waqf' patrol the site to ensure that visiting Jews are not breaking the rules. In the earliest years of Islam, Muslims prayed in the direction of Jerusalem until the Prophet Mohammed and his followers were expelled to Medina, and began praying towards Mecca. Muslims believe that the mosque is built on the spot where Mohammed ascended to heaven.
As the riots raged, a group of Muslim Palestinian women were protesting in front of Israeli border police. One, Aida Sidawi, had been banned from entering the Al Aqsa compound for two months and is a member a group who see their role as defending the mosque from what they see as Jewish extremists who insist on praying when they visit.
She has been put in prison three times, each for 48 hours for her protest inside Al Aqsa compound. The group of women known as the Mourabitat and their counterparts, the men, known as the Mourabitoun, were declared illegal over a week ago by Israel's Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon, paving the way for prosecution of the groups' members.
Sidawi has lived in Jerusalem's Old City since she was 15. Now she spends each morning protesting her ban from Al Aqsa.
She sits beside one entrance to the mosque. Her petite frame is fully covered by her black abaya (long dress) with delicate white embroidery and a black headscarf. She has kind brown eyes but a militancy about her as she leaps to her feet at a moment's notice.
She divides her time between chanting at Israeli forces and Jewish groups leaving the Al Aqsa compound and sitting resting her swollen feet and damaged voice box on the steps leading into the site. She says: "I don't know if my feet or my voice hurt more, but all I can say is it's worth it."
Suddenly she leaps into action joining another 20 women who have also been banned for varying periods from entering the mosque. A Jewish group is escorted out of Al Aqsa compound past the protesting women. Some of the Jewish men film the protesting women on their mobile phones.
"With our spirit, with our blood we will redeem you: Al Aqsa," Aida screams, and the women echo after her.
"From Al Aqsa we have been forbidden. This is Palestine, we are not terrorists," the group yell in unison, waving Qurans bound in burgundy leather cases.
In a flash of movement, a group of young men and boys run down the alley holding hands and they form a guard in front of the women. Several of the youth are dragged off by police.
One of them, Abdullah, 21, tells IBTimes UK that he is here to support the women who have been banned. "We don't have weapons or anything else to defend ourselves with, but we do have our voices so we protest," he said.
Suha Eid, 54, a mother of six, said her female friends in the group including her sister had been dragged and thrown to the ground by police during the week. "I have been banned for two months and it's the seventh ban in a year," she said.
On Wednesday, there were 53 women on a list of names of those banned from the Al Aqsa compound and the number is growing by the day.
When IBTimes UK was inside the Al Aqsa compound, a woman began chanting "Allahu Akbar [God is great]" as a Jewish group was fielded by heavily armed Israeli forces around the compound. She was dragged out of the compound by another group of Israeli border police.
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat denied Israeli leadership had any motive to change the status quo on the site. "[It] is not always the most logical, however [the] Israeli government [...] respects the status quo and it says the following: Jews and visitors can enter the site but not pray on it," he said.
"The Jews ask us why we can't pray on the site that's holiest to Jews, and Muslims say why do Jews enter the site that is holy to Muslims - everyone wants to move the status quo in a different direction - but for the benefit of living in the city of Jerusalem we must maintain [it] to the detail."
Sheikh Omar Kiswani, the director of Al Aqsa Mosque, called on police to close the compound to non-Muslim visitors ahead of the Jewish New Year but his request was ignored.
He said the number of Jewish visitors that he labelled "Jewish extremists" had increased tenfold since 2003 when the Moroccan Gate was opened to Jewish visitors. Initially only three to five Jewish visitors entered the site each day; today, that has risen to 1,000 a month and up to 1,000 per day during Jewish holidays.
"Jewish settlers come all the time and come to certain spots and they stand by the Dome of the Rock and yell that it belongs to them and then they perform prayers. They don't respect this place and the rituals performed here," he said.
For the Jewish community, though, it is an injustice that Jews are forbidden from praying at the site. Rabbi Shmuel Rabinovitch, the Rabbi of the Western Wall, has put signs about the outside of the entrance to the Dome of the Rock and Al Aqsa Mosque saying it is forbidden from Jews to enter (see box), but he is unhappy with the restrictions and argues that Muslims are not prevented from praying at the Western Wall.
"The Jewish way says we do not have a monopoly over God - that's why this place [the Western Wall] is open to everyone. A holy place should not be closed for anyone, no matter what his religion is, or what his view on life if," he said.
Others go further. Right-wing Jewish activist Yehuda Glick has long advocated for an increased Jewish presence and prayer on the site and survived an assassination attempt in 2014, when he was shot four times at close range in the chest, stomach and arm by a Palestinian man who police later shot and killed.
Until May this year, a court order banned Glick from visiting the Al Aqsa compound but on 5 May, this was partially overturned and he was allowed to return to the site but only once a month and is forbidden from taking his mobile phone. Police opposed the lifting of the ban said Glick posed a danger to the public order at the compound.
"I do see life differently now, surviving a major trauma has certainly changed me and I take more precautions. I have purchased a pistol, hired a bodyguard at my own expense and I wear a bulletproof vest," he told IBTimes UK.
""People wanted to discourage me from what I believe. I won't be discouraged. It makes my very sad when you see Jews cannot go into the Temple Mount freely without being under threat. It's a sad situation. It should be a centre of peace and respect."
Rivka Solomon and Mary Dimmock contributed to this article
This document includes the steps ME advocates are taking to get a State Resolution for ME passed in their State House (aka State Assembly or State Legislature). It also includes a draft template of a resolution for you to use in your state.
Why pursue a state resolution?
A state resolution, though non-binding, can be a useful tool for advocacy. A resolution can raise awareness and reduce stigma with the lawmakers in your state. If a legislator has family with the disease or other experiences with ME/CFS, the resolution can help you identify that future ally.
Remember, state lawmakers sometimes become federal ones, so getting a sympathetic ally on the ground floor is invaluable. Also, a resolution is a form of governmental validation. This is useful when courting Congress as you have proof that other legislators have taken the disease seriously. Your resolution can be useful to advocates in other states trying to take similar action. We used the fact that a neighboring state had already passed a neuro-immune resolution to encourage a representative to help us.
Once your legislative body has voted on the resolution, you have representatives or senators on the record as supporting the disease. When you return to them for support of future actions, the resolution can be a helpful reminder that they have already taken a stand for ME.
We learned there are two types of resolutions: Privilege and Urging (jargon may vary between state houses). A Privilege Resolution has less oomph but is easier to pass as it does not have to go through the legislative process. It is announced on the floor but does not require a vote to adopt it. An Urging resolution has greater weight and goes to a vote on the floor of the chamber. However, an Urging resolution has to pass through committee and rules. The more steps a piece of legislation has to take, the more chances it has to flounder. However, it also gives you and your community the opportunity to educate lawmakers on the issues. So be clear with your lawmaker what kind of Resolution are you pursuing and why they think that is advisable.
—————————————————————————
How-to Guide
1. Connect with advocates who have gotten a state resolution:
I spoke with ME advocate Tina Tidmore about her experience getting a neuro-immune resolution passed in the Alabama State House and Senate (2013). Both Tina and I are happy to help if you also embark on this process. Email: Timbrelivesay@gmail.com and Tina@TidCom.net (FYI: Tina's resolution was for neuroimmune illnesses, and our State Resolution is for ME.)
2. Research ahead of time:
Check your State Legislature's calendar. When is it in session and on break? You will probably need to prepare the groundwork during a break to be able to introduce a resolution when they are in session.
All State Houses have a health committee (perhaps called the HHS committee). Identify all the state legislators (elected officials) sitting on State health committees. Do this for both the House and Senate sides of your State Legislature. This info can be found on your state's General Assembly website.
Identify the state legislators who will advocate for ME and can be part of your team.
3. Get help from a lobbyist?
Consider calling a state lobbyist for a one-time, free consultation or an ongoing pro-bono arrangement. Ask him/her which State House legislators are good for you to approach (i.e. who is likely to introduce a State Resolution on ME), and how best to approach them.
Ideas: Approach a young state legislator who does not yet have a pet cause, or approach a member of the health committee who has been successful with past pet projects.
4. Learn from others' experience.
Read the case study below. Also, check out this article on how one group of advocates got a State Proclamation in Massachusetts.
—————————————————————————
Case Study: Georgia
The steps that Georgia activists took to secure a State Resolution for ME
Strategized with state lobbyist (a friend who volunteered after attending the first #MillionsMissing demonstration) about ways to engage legislators for our upcoming #MillionsMissing protest planned for our State Capitol.
(Lobbyist stated that the success of our bringing advocacy directly to state politicians was contingent on dropping the word “protest” from our action, and instead framing the action as an Awareness Day. She stressed this to us many times throughout the process, politicians will not be associated with anything that rings of protest.)
Created a core team of advocates: We are a mother of a patient; a long-time advocate and documentarian; a new advocate with a wheelchair (a physical representation of invisible disease); and our volunteer, state-level lobbyist.
Team discussed goals for potential meetings with state legislators (keeping goals focused on the state level). Our goals: Explain the disease, introduce a State Resolution for ME and invite legislators to attend our (#MillionsMissing) Awareness Day.
FYI: We agreed to use the name “ME/CFS” due to past and current interactions with government entities in our state and state legislators.
Found State House representative with an already-established connection to our team (one advocate's parents had gone to “constituent coffees” with him). State Rep. X is young, relatively idealistic, motivated and with no current pet project.
Via the advocate's parents, we gave State Rep X the “Forgotten Plague” DVD, an action plan for introducing an ME/CFS Resolution and a draft of the proposed resolution. We asked if he'd consent to help. (Other states may not want to bring an already-written action plan but rather create one with their elected official's staff after they consent to be on board.)
We used a draft copy of a congressional resolution and the 2013 Alabama NEIDs State Resolution to create a new draft specific to our state. Emailed State Rep. X for his approval.
Once State Rep. X was fully on board, we set up a meeting with the chair of the State House Health Committee to meet with my advocates. (State Rep X could not attend, but gave permission for our lobbyist to use his name as fully committed to our team's goals). We also did this with the chair of the Senate's State House Health Committee.
Prepared info. packets for upcoming meetings with the two chairs. See below for links to materials you may want to use to prepare for the meeting and/or bring to the meeting. They contained: proposed draft of resolution on ME Awareness, our state's prevalence chart, IOM (now the NAM) report brief, Atlantic magazine article (of 2015), #MEAction fact sheet, Blue Ribbon Foundation info, letter written by team of scientists to Senator Mikulski in 2015 (saying they want to work on ME) and state specific fact sheet on ME, as well as copies of “Forgotten Plague” DVD.
Our team met to go over the backgrounds of each chair and learn their past work on health and/or human services issues. We also clarified our meetings' goals and agendas. Our agendas were: Thank elected officials for meeting us; explore their pre-conceptions of “CFS” (this is a very important step, don't neglect it); develop empathic understanding of ME/CFS; explore ways they can help; discuss State Resolution; invite them to our Awareness Day; thank effusively for meeting with us.
Just prior to meeting the chairs we emailed a copy of the draft resolution and a clip of “Forgotten Plague” to their assistants.
Lobbyist contacted State Senator to get a feel for her preconceived ideas about “CFS,” getting misgivings out on the table.
Prepared additional handout on ME and CFS medical coding/billing issues that State Senator noted as barriers to medical interest in our disease (she had worked as a nurse and in insurance industry, so she knew this world).
At meeting with Senate HHS Chair: We explored her perceived barriers regarding moving ME forward on the state level (i.e. the declining state of general health care, lack of state funds, and other issues including the difficulty of changing medical education curricula and the general stigma of CFS).
We respectfully countered her negative perceptions, focusing on economic impact, personal devastation of disease, lack of diagnosis and tracking of patients. After she expressed her (inaccurate) understanding of CFS as a catch-all garbage pail diagnosis, we corrected her misperceptions and explained the medical specificity of ME. Lobbyist highlighted that a similar resolution had passed in Alabama. We also explored state level processes to get ME/CFS continuing education (CEs) to medical professionals.
At meeting with House \ HHS Chair: She was more receptive and empathic. After covering intro and explaining biologic nature of ME, she turned her attention to how she could help. Suggested we convene a small panel of ME/CFS experts and have them present at one of her early 2017 Health Committee meetings, thus ensuring quick passage through committee once the resolution is actually introduced. She asked us to pursue an official State calendar Awareness Day (in addition to our ME advocate-backed #MillionsMissing Awareness Day). She also linked us to someone who might help with press once the resolution is moving forward.
Team wrote thank-you emails, followed up with articles appropriate to discussions held.
The following week, lobbyist briefly touched base with all three State Legislators we had worked with (the two Chairs and State Rep. X).
Once calendar date was set for first Committee meeting of 2017 session, Chair agreed we could present at that time. We invited an ME/CFS researcher to join our presentation as well as representatives from CDC. (The CDC as a federal agency needs an official invite to interact with a state govt agency. They had never been to the GA Capitol or Health committee before, and appreciated the link.)
We wrote statements and prepared visual aids – handed out fact sheet specific to our state as well as national issues, lapel pins (expensive, don't do). We also showed a clip of “Forgotten Plague” with Whitney Dafoe and Ron Davis. We had intended to display the disease burden vs funding chart but ran out of time.
After the presentation we spoke directly with Reps and others who work at the State Capitol and have had the disease impact their lives. These contacts will be invaluable for our future work.
The lobbyist approached legislators in attendance about their reactions. We learned we needed to shorten our presentation and keep strongly to the facts. Using the emotional clip showing how bad the disease can get did not impress several of the reps. They prefer hearing about the science and epidemiological facts.
We held a meeting with the Chair and the CDC representatives who attended to discuss the need for medical education in Georgia.
Sent handwritten thank-you cards to chair and lobbyist. Followed-up a week later with shortened version of Resolution per her request, with changes also reflecting post-presentation meeting and action plan developed.
Future plan: Will possibly hold another ME Awareness Day during a future State Legislative session to reach more state legislators. Renting space in a Capitol building tends to be relatively inexpensive. Will utilize Resolution to introduce state agencies to the issues of ME. Will use Resolution to in Congressional advocacy work. Will pursue city proclamations.
—————————————————————————
Materials to prepare for your meeting/ Resources to bring:
Visit the Reports & Fact Sheets page on #MEAction for an updated version of our:
Fact Sheet
Congressional one-pager
Prevalence spreadsheet that shows the number of people in your state with ME
Scientific articles
Popular articles on ME/CFS
—————————————————————————
STATE RESOLUTION for ME
(Template)
Whereas, Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME), also known as Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS), has been found by the National Academy of Medicine (NAM) to be “a serious, chronic, complex, and systemic disease that frequently and dramatically limits the activities of affected patients” leaving them with a lower quality of life than multiple sclerosis, stroke, renal failure, heart failure and other chronic diseases; and
Whereas, between xxx and xxx <name state here> residents of all ages, races and sexes are believed to be afflicted with ME, with an estimated 836,000 to 2.5 million Americans afflicted and 17 million worldwide; and
Whereas, ME persists for years or decades because of a lack of treatments, leaving one quarter of patients housebound or bedbound, with many students unable to attend school and 50-75% of patients unable to work at an annual cost to <name state here> of $xx million to $xx million in medical expenses and lost productivity; and
Whereas, the National Academy of Medicine noted a lack of knowledge about the disease due to a “paucity of research” and “remarkably little research funding,” and concluded that “more research is essential”; and
Whereas, the National Academy of Medicine noted that the medical community “generally still doubts the existence or seriousness of this disease” and patients have difficulty getting diagnosed or accessing quality medical care;
Now, therefore, be it
Resolved, that the House [or Senate, or both] —
(1) Recognizes that ME is a tragic, disabling disease that destroys the lives of many patients and imposes a severe toll on their families, friends, and caretakers;
(2) Recognizes and affirms the commitment of <name state here> to improving the availability and quality of medical and supportive care for ME patients;
(3) Recommends that the National Institutes of Health (NIH) funds ME research at a level commensurate with similarly burdensome diseases;
(4) Encourages universities in <name state here> to focus research attention on this underserved disease;
(5) Recommends that the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) disseminates new ME medical education, updated in accordance with the National Academy of Medicine recommendations, the recommendations of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services's (HHS) own CFS Advisory Committee, and the best practices of disease experts;
(6) Encourages media organizations to inform the public about the seriousness of this disease.
Photo Credit:
According to a study by Hebrew University's Professor Sergio DellaPergola, the global Jewish population reached 13.75 million in the past year, with an increase of 88,000 people. Israel's Maariv newspaper published excerpts of the study last week, reporting that one out of every 514 people in the world is Jewish, less than 0.2 percent of mankind.
About 43% of the world's Jewish community lives in Israel, making Israel the country with the largest Jewish population. The Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics reported on the eve of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, 5773, that the total population of Israel in 2012 grew to nearly 8 million. About 73% of the population is native born.
Advertisement
The Israeli Jewish population stands at 5,978,600, up 1.8%; the Arab population numbers at 1,636,600, up 2.4%; and the rest of the population including Christians and non-Jews reached 318,000 people, up 1.3%. Israel's Jewish population makes up 75% of the state's total people.
In all, the Jewish state's population increased by 96,300 people in 2012, a growth rate that did not diverge from the average rate in the past eight years.
Part of Israel's population increase comes in part of the new immigrants that have arrived to the country. In 2011, Israel welcomed 16,892 new immigrants as citizens, with the largest populations coming from Russia (3,678), followed by Ethiopia (2,666), United States (2,363), Ukraine (2,051) and France (1,775).
Israel's population is relatively young compared to populations in other western countries, with 28% of the population aged 0-14. Israel's life expectancy is one of the highest of the international Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's (OECD) 34 member states, with Jewish males' life expectancy 4.2 years higher than their Arab counterparts.
The Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics also found that 40% of Israel's population lives in the center of the country, with Tel Aviv as Israel's densest region, while 17 % lives in the north, 14% in the south, 12% in Jerusalem and Haifa, and 4% in Judea and Samaria.
Over 47,885 couples married in Israel in the past year, of which 75% were Jewish and 21% Muslim. In 2011, there were 166, 296 babies born in Israel.
The world's principal religious populations divide as follows according to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 2012: Christians at 33% or 2.1 billion, Muslims at 24% or 1.65 billion, Hindus at 14% or 900 million, and Buddhists at 6% or 350 million. At least one billion people in the world do not ascribe to any religion at all.
