The crisp fall air and the crunch of fallen autumn leaves ushers in the changing season. Decorate a pumpkin, take the little ones Trick or Treating and mark your calendars now for these Halloween-themed events and fall festivals. There are too many to count, and they're all sure to be fun. Many are FREE. Be sure and visit the websites to confirm dates, locations, and times as they may change after posting. They also may post updates in the event of bad weather. Let us know of others by emailing information to: info@rvaonthecheap.com.
Explore Richmond. Save Money. Have Fun.
October 29, 2018
Richmond Department of Parks and Recreation's Harvest Hayride at Bryan Park from 6-9pm is a fun filled evening of hayrides, games, and food! Participants should come dressed in their best costume!
October 31, 2018
Senator McClellan's 13th Annual Community Harvest Festival on Halloween Night, Wednesday, October 31st from 5:30pm-7:30pm. Please note the NEW LOCATION this year, the ARTHUR ASHE ATHLETIC CENTER located at 3001 N. Boulevard. This is a FREE event, and all children must be accompanied by an adult. Dress up in your favorite costume, and come trick or treat, jump in the photo booth, get your face painted, get some food and enjoy the games and numerous resources provided.
Halloween Spooktacular – Mall Wide Trick or Treat at Virginia Center Commons. October 31. Virginia Center Commons will offer Richmond- area children a safe place to take part in Halloween activities.
BOORITO! Eat for just $4 at Chipotle on Halloween if you come in costume or document online. October 31.
It's the Great Pumpkin at Bass Pro Shops. October 31. Games, crafts, parades, and more.
November 1 & 2
Pumpkin Season at Chesterfield Berry Farm. Pumpkin Season means hay rides to pick pumpkins, corn maze, Scary Fun Barn, visiting mini animals and more!
Virginia Carolina Craftsmen's Classics. November 2, 3 & 4, 2014. Consistently voted the “Best Arts & Crafts Show” in Virginia. Features original designs and work from hundreds of talented artists and craftspeople from across the nation. See the creative process in action as many exhibitors demonstrate throughout the weekend. Meet the actual artists and craftsmen as you visit them in their booths and discover what goes into the making of these one-of-a-kind treasures that are sure to please people on your gift giving list.
Nov. 3
Ashland Train Day and Festival. November 3, 2014. 10am-5pm. FREE. An event for the whole family. Come visit us along the tracks for a day of fun and excitement. We have music, games, lots of model trains, children's train rides, food, railroad related vendors, displays and of course our mascots – Cinder and Tender Bear, plus much, much more. So hop on board and come on down. Feel free to dress up for the day in your bib overalls, bandana and engineer hat. Don't forget the camera.
Heart of Virginia Wine Trail, Nov. 3 & 4, James River Cellars, Glen Allen Use your HOVA Passport to visit each winery the weekend of November 3rd and 4th. Each winery will be serving a different seasonal favorite to kick off the fall season. James River Cellars will be dishing out mac'n'cheese this year to all those traveling the trail. Come wine down with some warm foods.
Nov. 4
Foundry Market at the American Civil War Museum, 500 Tredegar St. Richmond, 11am-3pm A celebration of Virginia makers and doers, in conjunction with the completion of outdoor construction on our brand-new museum building with Triple Crossing Beer for a pop-up beer garden. Shop, drink, and enjoy the beautiful James River walk.
Halloween: El Dia De Los Muertos. Sun. Nov. 4, 2018, 1-5pm Cultural Arts Center at Glen Allen. Festive fun for all ages! In conjunction with the Latin Ballet of Virginia, “El Dia de los Muertos” is a festive celebration of life with live performances, dancing, music, sweets, treats, and fun art activities for the whole family! Learn about the traditions connected with this holiday including Ofrendas, beautiful private altars built to honor deceased family and friends. Wear your Halloween costume to join in the fun at this community tradition! This event is FREE to attend! Includes a Mercado Muertos This mini-shop at the annual El Dia de los Muertos Festival features a fun array of themed gifts and art to celebrate the spirit of the dead. Most items priced $20 and under!
Nov 9
Cider Week Virginia kicks off. J oin eleven cideries in celebrating Virginia's craft beverage through a weeklong series of events including festivals, pop-up tastings, tours, workshops, and more. Visit http://ciderweekva.com/ for updates and a complete calendar of events.
Holly Jolly 2018, Nov 9 & 10 Lakeside Ave. Henrico. Yearly holiday festival! Join us on the Avenue as the local businesses kick off the Christmas season with sales, food, and fun!
American Indian Pow-Wow. November 9-11, 2014 is a showcase of Native American culture and music
Santa's Arrival & Grand Illumination, Fri. Nov. 9 at 7:30pm Short Pump Town Center Main Plaza. . Spectacular holiday décor featuring 60-foot, walk-thru tree and 22-foot reindeer! Santa will arrive in style along with his favorite Holiday Characters: The Gingerbread Boy, Raggedy Ann and Andy, Frosty the Snowman, Toy Soldier, Dancing Tree and two of Santa's very own elves along with many other friends and fan favorites during our annual parade. Then we'll raise our wands to help Santa light our magical holiday tree. Magic Wands will be distributed at 5:30PM in the Nordstrom Court. *While Supplies Last. Children 10 & under only. Child Must Be Present.
November 29
The Bizarre Bazaar. Nov. 29, 2018. Richmond Raceway Complex. The Bizarre Bazaar®shows are unique marketplaces featuring hundreds of exclusive exhibitors selected from the best craft and gift shows in America. The shows attract thousands of enthusiastic shoppers from Virginia and the surrounding Southeastern states.
December
Holiday Farm & Craft Market, Dec. 6 & 13, 17th Street Farmers Market, 100 N 17th St. Seasonal farmers market from 4 to 7pm every Thursday, beginning in late Fall. The market will feature local farmers, seasonal products, specialty vendors, artisans, music, and more!
If you want to peek at an ambitious list of spaceflight-related activities for the new year, take a look at some Space Exploration Technologies Corp.'s objectives:
Saturday morning's rescheduled launch of cargo to the station includes a test landing of the first stage of the company's Falcon 9 rocket on a solid surface – a football-field-scale floating landing pad, with the ungainly name of autonomous spaceport drone ship. One of the company's goals is to drive down launch costs by fielding a fully-reusable rocket with a short turn-around time between launches.
Under NASA's commercial-crew program SpaceX's Dragon capsule faces two crucial tests of its launch-abort system in anticipation of carrying crews to and from the space station.
The company's Falcon Heavy is expected to undergo its first test flight in the third quarter of this year. The rocket uses three Falcon 9 first stages, strapped side by side, with a second stage and payload topping the stage in the center of the pack. The rocket's ability to loft heavy payloads to low-Earth orbit will be comparable to NASA's late lamented Saturn V rocket, which sent astronauts to the moon.
SpaceX is expected to complete its efforts to earn US Air Force certification to compete for launches of some of the nation's largest, most sophisticated military satellites.
The company is working on a Mars Colonial Transporter system as well as new designs for space suits that "look like a 21st century space suit and work really well," wrote Elon Musk, SpaceX's founder, chief executive officer, and chief technology officer, during an on-line question and answer session on the online forum Reddit earlier this week. He said he hoped to present the architecture for the Mars transportation system and unveil the new suit design by the end of the year.
And that's all addition to successfully launching satellites for customers and making cargo runs to and from the International Space Station for NASA.
The list of to-dos highlights the remarkable progress the 12-year-old, started-from-scratch company has made since its first successful rocket launch in 2009, involving its first model, the Falcon 1.
It's a pace of development and growth that turns heads among some observers.
"In a relatively short period of time, SpaceX has made historic progress as a launch provider and helped prove how effective competition can be in the civil space industry," said Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, commander of the US Air Force's Space and Missile Systems Center in El Segundo, Calif., in a statement noting the progress the company has made in achieving Air Force certification.
On one level, the statement could be read as an attempt to soften the news that SpaceX, based in neighboring Hawthorne, hadn't quite cleared the certification hurdles by the end of 2014, as previously hoped. On another level, however, it's an testament to how quickly the company has grown to be an increasingly influential force in the space-launch business.
SpaceX has been aggressive in fielding new families of more-capable rockets and taking steps to show reusable rockets don't need to look like airplanes, according to Lance Erickson, a professor and program coordinator for commercial space operations at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Fla.
"They haven't been perfectly successful," he says, "but they haven't had any major mistakes along the way."
Several factors have contributed to the company's success so far, analysts say, not the least of which is Mr. Musk's vision-driven approach as founder and CEO. He says that for the human species to survive, it must become a multi-planet species and so is working toward that goal.
Moreover, his sense of timing helped. He founded SpaceX in 2002, as the country was reeling from the loss of the space shuttle Columbia and its seven-member crew but also had developed a wealth of rocketry talent, some of whom were attracted to the idea of working for a privately owned spaceflight start-up, rather than the more established launch providers or for NASA.
The company had its teething problems. Between March 2006 and August 2008, it endured three failures of its Falcon 1 rocket. By the end of September, SpaceX posted its first launch success and launched one additional Falcon 1 successfully before shifting payloads to its new Falcon 9. First launched in 2010, that rocket – a nine-motor-version of the Falcon 1 – has had 13 successful launches, although it failed to deliver one satellite to orbit as a secondary payload to an otherwise successful space-station cargo mission.
To be sure, the company has benefited financially as well as technologically from its cargo and commercial-crew agreements with NASA, notes Micah Walter-Range, who tracks trends in the aerospace industry for the Space Foundation, a spaceflight-advocacy organization based in Colorado Springs, Colo. And it's knocking on the door to compete for big-budget defense payloads.
"But the genesis of that whole family" of rockets "was an independent venture," Mr. Walter-Range says.
"You have a company that was built from the very beginning to design things quickly and to figure things out as quickly as possible," he says.
It's a trait typical of high-tech start-ups, he continues, adding, "when you have that start-up, get as far as you possibly can before it loses the agility that comes with being a start-up."
A penchant for thinking ahead as SpaceX designs its vehicles helps as well – designing its Dragon capsule from the outset with human passengers in mind, even as the craft initially serves as a cargo craft, for instance.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
With Saturday's scheduled launch from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 4:47 a.m. ET, the company is striving for a successful cargo mission even as it raises the bar in testing its first stage landing system.
Perhaps it's another test as well: one that focuses on a start-up's agility and ability to move at the speed of ideas.
WASHINGTON — Hillary Clinton changed her tune Monday and referred to the Orlando massacre as a result of “radical Islamism,” a sharp break from President Obama, who has declined to use the term.
“Whether you call it radical jihadism, radical Islamism, I think they mean the same thing,” Clinton told CNN.
“I'm happy to say either. But what I won't do, because I think it is dangerous for our efforts to defeat this threat, is to demonize and demagogue and, you know, declare war on an entire religion. That plays right into ISIS' hands.”
The shift comes a day after GOP rival Donald Trump called on Obama to step down and Clinton to withdraw her White House bid for not naming the religion of the shooter, Omar Mateen, who pledged allegiance to ISIS.
“In his remarks today, President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the words ‘radical Islam,'” Trump said Sunday.
“For that reason alone, he should step down. If Hillary Clinton, after this attack, still cannot say the two words ‘radical Islam' she should get out of this race for the presidency.”
Obama has refrained from using the term, saying he doesn't want to demonize an entire religion or to legitimize ISIS and their recruiting efforts.
Obama called the worst mass shooting in US history an “act of terror” and an “act of hate.” He directed the FBI to identify any ties to terrorist groups.
There are a lot of different ways to craft a bio in Twitter. A lot of schools like to use something like "the official Twitter account of ______ University" or "Tweets from the University of ______" This is a fairly standard practice. Institutions use their Twitter accounts for engagement, recruitment, news, alerts, and myriad 140 character posts. Some bios simply read as being fairly repetitive with the account "@something" in the actual bio. This is most-likely a result of search engine optimization as a well-written bio is going to be indexed by Google and other search engines. Plus, there's a certain element of authenticity when a bio mentions that the account is "official."
A bio on Twitter has so much potential to concisely share the spirit and zest of a place. Everyone gets the same 160 characters on Twitter to make their bio interesting to a potential follower. Thankfully, there are schools that have decided to forgo staid and/or bland bios. Presented in no particular order, here are 12 schools that have crafted interesting Twitter bios that automatically make them unique and instantly pique our curiosity:
Victoria University: "Our graduates are known for their practical experience and learning outside the classroom." I appreciate the focus on differentiation. The subtext in this bio says that not only will you learn a lot and earn a degree, but you will also gain experiences that go beyond the classroom. Victoria University's bio on Twitter instantly shares the story of the university.
UNSW Australia: The University of New South Wales Twitter bio starts off with a rather banal intro. However, the addition of "straight from the Lion's mouth" is a great way to go from boring to bold. The lion is UNSW's mascot and it appears in the center of the university's crest.
University of West London: A bit of bragging is never a bad thing in the ultra-rich higher education environment that is London. Plus, this bio lets you know exactly what happens if you earn your degree at UWL: "95% of our graduates find employment within 6 months." Getting a degree is important. Getting a job after you graduate is critical.
UCLA: This bio jumps right into the narrative of what UCLA is all about. And, the big-picture approach for the second half takes the focus beyond Los Angeles or California to a global perspective. The final sentence tugs at the hearts of prospective students as it simply states: "Welcome to your future.
University of Kent: The first portion of this bio isn't as intriguing as the second half. I've always said that it's important to acknowledge that humans are responsible for Twitter accounts. "Looked after by Allie 9am-5pm, Mon-Fri." gives you an immediate connection to the fact that there is someone who will be there, ready to answer, if you tweet at them. Plus, while I can't say I've seen this particular practice in a lot of Twitter bios, the link to the "house rules" (the University of Kent Social Media Guidelines) definitely makes for an interesting addition.
Queen Margaret University: 80% of this bio should probably be rewritten. Too harsh? Maybe...but this bio could be improved with a bit more narrative/story. However, I had to add this account to my list because of the last sentence. Perhaps it's supposed to be serious or maybe it's a bit tongue-in-cheek, but "All information posted will be genuine" immediately grabbed my attention and made me smile.
Oregon State University: Full disclosure - I graduated with my masters degree from OSU in 2006. Okay, all bias aside, this bio is full of zest. We are the home of extraordinary people, world changers and difference makers." Are you curious about OSU yet? This bio captures your attention within the first 79 characters. It's excellent and makes you want to know more about the institution. But, let me just add that the emphasis on "Beaver Nation" probably doesn't need to be present on the primary university account. Oregon State University's community is so much more than the not-so-subtle nod to its athletic program. Still, I suppose it's better than being a duck.
Melbourne University: This bio begins with "Tweet large." It's a bold statement for a university Twitter bio. Starting off a bio with a call to action requires more context. Tell a bit of the story of Melbourne University and continue the initial call to action and this bio will be phenomenal.
Macquarie University: "50 years, still different." The introductory sentence in Macquarie University's Twitter bio tells the story of the school in a simple and concise fashion. The rest of the bio adds a bit more context, but the intro instantly reveals that this is a rather unconventional "newish" school.
Keele University: This bio packs a lot into 159 characters. Keele University has a lot to brag about and their bio references student satisfaction, prominence in academics, and grandeur of campus size. And then they throw in a curveball: "Many, many squirrels." This part of the bio adds the perfect amount of humor. Also, the inclusion of "Tweets by Alistair, Declan & Kimmy" humanizes the account and makes the university's Twitter presence feel much more personal.
On Fox News Sunday this morning, Herman Cain calmly and succinctly took one of the hardest lines against Muslims in modern mainstream politics.
Islam is not a religion like other religions, he said, and Americans have the right to keep it out of their communities if they wish.Show host Chris Wallace asked about the Murfreesboro, TN mosque project Cain took a stand against last week. The planned construction project will build a new home for a Muslim group that's worshiped in the Tennessee town for three decades. But protesters say the group behind the mosque is trying to impose sharia law on America, and they've tied up the project in court for months.
Cain made it clear this morning he stands with the critics.
“Let's go back to the fundamental issue,” Cain said. “Islam is both a religion and a set of laws — Sharia laws. That's the difference between any one of our traditional religions where it's just about religious purposes.”
“So, you're saying that any community, if they want to ban a mosque…” Wallace began.
“Yes, they have the right to do that,” Cain said. “That's not discriminating based upon their particular religion. There is an aspect of them building that mosque that doesn't get talked about. And the people in the community know what it is and they're talking about it.”
Cain also addressed his past controversies with Muslims, including his promise to be wary of Muslim applicants to his administration, lest they be terrorists.
That's not discrimination, Cain insisted.
“Aren't you willing to restrict people because of their religion?” Wallace asked.
“I'm willing to take a harder look at people who might be terrorists, that's what I'm saying,” Cain replied. “Look, I know that there's a peaceful group of Muslims in this country. God bless them and they're free to worship. If you look at my career I have never discriminated against anybody, because of their religion, sex or origin or anything like that. ”
“I'm simply saying I owe it to the American people to be cautious because terrorists are trying to kill us,” Cain continued, “so yes I'm going to err on the side of caution rather than on the side of carelessness.”
Check out the video:
Who hasn't dreamt of collaborating with musical genius and fashion icon Kanye West? If you're one of the many, you may have your chance, as Yeezy needs 1,200 extras for his sold-out YEEZY Season 3 fashion show at Madison Square Garden.
The news broke this morning via an email blast sent out to select fans, expressing the need for paid extras.
“Yeezy Season 3 is launching a casting for up to 1,200 paid extras to participate in the exclusive YEEZY Season 3 fashion show, and premiere of Kanye West's upcoming album at Madison Square Garden on February 11.”
Those chosen will receive a payment of $50 to $80 USD for participating. Here's what those interested can expect: “Extras will go through makeup & wardrobe and will be positioned throughout the floor of Madison Square Garden in a fully designed set. They will stand comfortably throughout the set and receive direction on their performance gestures.”
Those interested in applying to be a paid extra, follow here for the details.
Subscribe
Photographer: Thomas Welch for Highsnobiety.com
Words by Jonathan Sawyer Staff Writer Not NYC, not LA.
Dark Sci-Fi RPG “Hellpoint” Coming to Consoles and PC, Kickstarter Campaign Launched
Canadian developer Cradle Games has launched a Kickstarter campaign for its sci-fi action RPG, Hellpoint, which is expected to release in Q1 2018 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. You can check out some early footage above.
Here's an official description of the title:
Hellpoint is a dark sci fi action RPG set in the aftermath of a massive quantum cataclysm called the Merge. For the blink of a second, every living being quickly lost their mind as their memories and bodies were merged with alternate versions of themselves from parallel universes. The accident also attracted entities of immense power that should have been left alone, in the depth of other dimensions. You play as a mysterious nameless character whose intentions are entirely determined by your choices. You wake up in the derelict Irid Novo space station, in orbit around a super-massive black hole.
Features include a real-time dynamic world, splitscreen multiplayer, flexible combat, and an ever-changing universe.
Cradle seeks CA$ 50,000, out of which it has raised over CA$ 10,000 with 30 days to go. A pre-alpha demo is available on PC for those who want to try it out. To download it and/or support the title, head over here.
Named for its creator Alan Turing, the Turing test is meant to test a machine's intelligence by assessing its conversational abilities (Bieri, 1988, 163). Turing adapted the test to suit machines from an existing test, the Imitation Game, wherein a man and a woman would converse via teletype (Bieri, 1988, 163).
The Turing test is virtually the same, only instead of a man attempting to pass himself off as a woman, a machine is talking to a human while the judge is left to determine the humanness of the participants (Bieri, 1988, 163). According to Turing, if a machine can converse well enough with a human, such that other humans in observation of the conversation reliably believe that they are observing two humans conversing, then that machine has sufficient intelligence to be deemed capable of thought (Bieri, 1988, 163).
Although the Turing test has been held as a benchmark for evaluating machine intelligence, there are many concerns regarding the type of intelligence likely to be identified by the Turing Test. One of the most frequently raised concerns argues that some artificial intelligences may simply convey the intelligence of their creators, and there is no way for the Turing Test to distinguish between a machine that is intelligent in this manner and one that is self-aware, conscious, and capable of reflexively thinking about itself. As a result, these "intelligent" machines may be able to pass the Turing Test without ever being intelligent themselves.
These criticisms of the Turing test are made from the perspective that in order for a machine to be intelligent, it would need to have some sort of existential experience such that it could act in its environment, observe, and learn from the consequences of its actions (Bieri, 1988, 174; Beavers, 2002, 71). True artificial intelligence would be self-aware and capable of self-reflexive thought, such that it could think about its own thinking. From this perspective within artificial intelligence scholarship, the Turing test seems to conflate conscious artificial intelligence with a sort of machine capable of cleverly parroting human intelligence in something akin to a high-tech ventriloquist trick.
Although these criticisms certainly have metaphysical merit regarding the Turing test's inability to identify consciousness, they seem to discount a key feature of the Turing test. The Turing test is conducted from the perspective of a human subject observing the human-machine interaction. From this perspective, the construction of this test suggests that interacting with such intelligence is indistinguishable from a human in terms of conversational interaction.
There may be reasons to think that the particular artificial intelligence is not really intelligent, but the key point is that it appears to be. Turing wasn't necessarily after a test that determined the actual intelligence of an artificial agent; he simply may have wanted a test to determine when an artificial intelligence would pass for a human when confronted by another human being.
With this in mind, the Turing test raises the question as to whether a metaphysically sound understanding of consciousness is important. In fact, Turing's construction of his test for artificial intelligence in this way reflects a traditional phenomenological problem of how it can be known that consciousness is present in our fellow human beings. In terms of immediate sensory experience, immanence in phenomenological terminology, the consciousness of another being is always inaccessible. Edmund Husserl addressed this issue of how to experience the consciousness of someone else through the transcendent, “harmonious experience of someone else” (Husserl, 2007, 224).
This experiencing of someone else involves dispensing of any belief that the other person exists and attempting to understand what it would be like to be that other person instead of one's self. In this sense, one is attempting to achieve a first person experience of being someone else in order to demonstrate that, in accordance with phenomenologist methodology, if someone else existed, existence as that someone else would be analogous to one's own existence (Husserl, 2007, 224).
Whether or not Husserl's particular methodology of determining the existence of consciousness in others is compelling, it conveys the difficulty of being able to identify consciousness. In this sense, Turing's approach demonstrates a certain common sense wisdom. If experiencing consciousness in other humans has troubled philosophers, it is likely to be as troubling to develop a test for consciousness in artificial intelligences.
Furthermore, in an everyday sense, we seem content to grant the benefit of the doubt to other humans when it comes to having consciousness whether we have a rigorous proof for it or not. We can continue on as if they are conscious because others act in such a way as we imagine they would if they did have consciousness. Ostensibly, this is the same standard that Turing applies to his test. It accepts that, in terms of immanent experience, consciousness is inaccessible and that, in everyday life, consciousness is a primary concern outside of circles of philosophers and scholars concerned with phenomenology, philosophy of the mind, and artificial intelligence.
So, the Turing test seems to figure that if an artificial intelligence can perform consciousness to an equal degree as a human, then why could we not grant the same everyday benefit of the doubt regarding consciousness as we grant to our fellow humans? In this regard, we should wonder, in dealing with robots and artificial intelligences in everyday life, does consciousness matter, or is the convincing performance of consciousness enough?
References
Beavers, A. (2002). Phenomenology and artificial intelligence. Metaphilosophy, 33, 70-82.
Bieri, P. (1998). Thinking machines: Some reflections on the Turing test. Poetics Today, 9(1),163-186
Husserl, E. (2007). The problem of experiencing someone else. In R. Craig & H. Muller (Eds.), Theorizing Communication: Readings across traditions (pp. 223-224). Los Angeles, CA: Sage.
Fair Work announces minimum wage rise
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Wage increase fails to satisfy unions (7pm TV News NSW)
The workplace umpire Fair Work Australia has announced a 2.9 per cent increase to the minimum wage following its Annual Wage Review.
The additional $17.10 a week takes the weekly income of the more than 1.4 million workers whose pay is set by awards to $606.40 from July 1 this year.
The ACTU had called for an increase of $26 a week, while the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ACCI) wanted a $9.40 rise.
The Minimum Wage Panel rejected requests for deferrals and exemptions for individual industries this year, and ruled that low income earners did not need any extra compensation for the carbon tax.
"In this review we have decided that the relevant statutory considerations favour a moderate increase, which will improve the real value of award wages and assist the living standards of the low paid," said Fair Work president Justice Iain Ross.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard welcomed the decision, saying the Federal Government wanted to see low-paid workers "doing better".
"We're working hard on it as a government on things like the Schoolkids Bonus - $410 for a primary school student, $820 for a high school student - a bit of cost of living help and relief for the cost of getting kids to school," Ms Gillard said.
Federal Opposition Leader Tony Abbott also voiced his approval, saying he did not begrudge workers on the minimum wage a pay rise.
"At a time like this, with a government which is hitting people with new taxes, with more red tape, with greater uncertainty, the last thing I want to do is begrudge them a pay rise," he said.
ACTU secretary David Oliver told ABC Local Radio that an additional $17.10 a week was not enough.
And he warned that workers on minimum wage "will be finding it extremely tough to keep their heads above water" given the costs of petrol, electricity, water and childcare.
"[That will] entrench the growing gap between real wage earners and those who are in no capacity to bargain, and that gap will widen and we're concerned that we could end up with a working poor," Mr Oliver said.
ACCI's Greg Evans said the decision suggested the panel was "cavalier" about the structural changes in the economy resulting from the mining boom, and small businesses would be particularly hard-hit.
"The decision, from what we can see so far, doesn't reflect the fact that the mainstream economy outside the buoyancy of mining and mining-related areas is struggling, and this will only further add to the pain in those areas," Mr Evans said.
The panel decided not to exempt employers in retail and hospitality from passing on the wage increase, despite submissions from those sectors arguing that they had been particularly hard hit by low consumer confidence and volatile economic conditions.
"The evidence does not support a conclusion that, as a whole, these industries are suffering economic circumstances which would warrant an exemption from wage increases arising from our decision," the panel noted.
In weighing the decision, panel says it took note of weaker employment conditions in the second half of last year and patchy economic growth, which had been slower than expected.
"There are also conflicting signals in the main economic indicators and considerable volatility, from quarter to quarter, in important measures such as growth in company gross operating profits, inflation, hours worked and gross value added by industry," the panel said.
"These considerations make it difficult to form a clear view of current and prospective economic performance. This uncertainty, and the diversity of experience in the economy, have been significant factors in our determination of the level of increase in minimum wages."
Greens MP Adam Bandt agrees, saying the unions are justified in their concern and that there is a growing gulf between the rich and poor.
"There's a growing risk of a working poor in this country," Mr Bandt said.
"It's something that is far more acute in the United States and we're not there yet but without a proper safety net I'm concerned that's where we might end up."
Topics: work, business-economics-and-finance, industrial-relations, australia
First posted
Over three thousand people, mostly students, protested on Sunday in eastern Afghanistan against a deal that would allow a long-term presence of U.S. troops in the country.
Over three thousand people, mostly students, protested on Sunday in eastern Afghanistan against a deal that would allow a long-term presence of U.S. troops in the country.
A gathering of some 2,000 tribal elders known as loya jirga approved the idea of such a long-term partnership deal at a conference that ended on Saturday.
The demonstrators gathered near the capital of the eastern province of Nangarhar and shouted "Death to America! Death to the Government of Hamid Karzai!" to protest against any partnership with the United States allowing for the stay of U.S. troops in the country.
All international combat troops are expected to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014, with security to be passed to the Afghan police and army. However, the proposed security agreement envisages the keeping of U.S. troops in the country past this deadline.
Tony Blair said today it was time for the world to get moving as negotiators in Copenhagen entered the final few days of talks still deeply divided on how to avert climate catastrophe.
With ministers, tycoons and celebrities flooding to the Danish capital, the former British prime minister said a compromise was possible, though likely to fall short of the actions recommended by scientists to avoid dangerous levels of global warming.
"There can be a deal at Copenhagen. There should be a deal. It will not be all that everyone wants. But it was never going to be," he told an audience on the sidelines of the conference.
But time is running out. Major differences emerged in the first week of talks as developing nations accused richer countries of offering insufficient emissions cuts and inadequate financial and technological assistance to help poorer countries deal with climate change.
Heads of state will fly in at the end of the week to try to seal a deal. But even that is emerging as a contentious issue because developing nations want an agreement in place before they arrive and have their arms twisted.
Ed Miliband, energy and climate change secretary for Britain, warned that far more progress needed to be made before the leaders arrive.
"We're getting close to midnight in this negotiation and we need to act like it. That means more urgency to solve problems not just identify them, more willingness to shift from entrenched positions and more ambitious commitments," he said.
Blair, who is here not as a negotiator but as head of the climate group NGO, said the key was to put changes in place now and build momentum later.
"Let us get it under way. And that really is the objective for Copenhagen: to get us moving: To be the signal set that makes us switch track to low carbon future.
"And to make sure everyone is on the train, going in the same direction. Some will be at the front, some at the back. Some will pay more than others, but together we are on board for a new destination for the global economy."
Blair was prime minister when the world's last climate agreement – the Kyoto protocol – was signed in 1997 after heads were banged together by negotiators at the last minute.
Twelve years on, Blair acknowledged the flaws of that deal.
"Kyoto was a treaty that aimed at making a point, but less successful at making a policy. Copenhagen is where we need to make a policy. It is time to lift this issue firmly within the framework of a credible, achievable policy for change."
Despite the leak of damaging emails from the University of East Anglia Blair said the need for action was as evident as ever. "It is said that the science around climate change is not as certain as its proponents allege. It doesn't need to be.
"What is beyond debate, is that there is a huge amount of scientific support for the view that the climate is changing and as a result of human activity. Therefore, given the seriousness of the consequences, we should act."
But the scientists advice is not going to be fully acted upon. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – a body of the world's leading scientists – has called for deep cuts in emissions from rich nations and a significant move away from business as usual by developing countries in order to keep global warming to two degrees Celsius, the level at which climate change will start to hit catastrophic proportions.
Given everything that is currently on the table, Blair said, the developed world would reduce emissions by just under 20% by 2020 from 1990 levels. There was also a danger, he said, that rising greenhouse gas emissions from developing nations could eclipse efforts made in richer nations.
He said targets could be revised and strengthened later, it was important to send a signal to the business and science community that they should invest and develop low-carbon technology.
People who want a laptop pre-installed with GNU/Linux are a niche market (sadly), and people who want that GNU/Linux to be entirely free – no binary blobs in the kernel – are a small percentage of that niche. But people who care about security and privacy? That's a large and growing number of regular computer users – thanks to Vault 7 and other news about the extent to which we're all monitored online.
The Purism Librem 15 (and other laptop models) are high-end devices built from the ground up with security and privacy in mind. Worried about someone remotely activating the camera and mic on your child's laptop? The Librem has hardware kill switches to power off these devices.
We got to spend a couple of days with a Librem 15 – which starts from $1,449 in the US, and £1,110 in the UK, plus 20% customs duty – while members of the Purism team were in the UK for GUADEC. Here's how we fared with it.
Spec Sheet Here is the Purism Librem 15 configuration provided to Linux User & Developer for review: CPU: Intel Core i7-6500U (dual-core, 2.5GHz with boost to 3.1GHz) Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 520 RAM: 4-16GB Storage: 120GB-4TB SATA SSD and/or 512MB-2TB NVMe SSD Display: 15.6-inch Full HD screen Ports: 3 x USB 3.0 (1 x Type-C), 2 x USB 2.0, 1 x HDMI (4K capable) Connectivity: Atheros 802.11n Wi-Fi Dimensions: 375 x 244 x 22mm Weight: 1.5kg (1.8kg with battery)
Design
First impressions are very good: a lovely slim wedge of black anodised aluminium that opens with good resistance from the hinges. There's a good collection of ports around the outside, including USB Type-C, but no RJ45 – wired is considered legacy nowadays, and if you need it you'll have to get a USB adaptor.
The keyboard – despite looking like a ﬂimsy ‘chiclet' type – is a bit of a surprise. Feedback has a nice feel rare in this type of keyboard, and touch-typing is far easier than on a MacBook Pro, for example. It's not your ThinkPad mechanical keyboard, but it's pleasantly tactile with enough travel to make touch-typing feel natural – once the user adjusts to the slightly shorter key travel, everything feels just right.
Typing all day is as it should be – something done without a great deal of conscious thought about the mechanical process. The space bar even has a pleasant amount of mechanical noise, so the feel of an old-school keyboard is not entirely lost. These are not trivial matters to anyone who spends eight or more hours typing and rarely uses a mouse.
As far as the touchpad goes, some of us will never be fans of such pointing devices, but for its kind it's at the relatively painless end of the spectrum – with multi-touch working well for scrolling, swiping and, where supported by apps, pinch zoom/rotate. At least it comes with middle-click, and the whole thing can be turned off simply via Fn+F1, for avoiding accidentally moving your cursor position during extended typing sessions.
Function keys also control the usual shortcuts to sleep (which also works with the lid closed, as it should), mute, adjust screen brightness, wireless and such. What marks the Librem laptops out is the presence of hardware kill switches (HKS).
Camera and microphone, as well as Wi-Fi, are all controlled by HKS – slide the switch and you cut the power, giving the Librem user protection from any software switching on the microphone, camera or Wi-Fi, whether for corporate data gathering, government surveillance or more personally malicious purposes. Little wonder many people are choosing to buy these devices for their children.
Evolutionary improvements over earlier models are certainly noticeable given that we couldn't ﬁnd any of the problems mentioned in older reviews during our brief time with the laptop. Construction quality is good, and the access to memory and storage via Phillips screws is welcome. You can also buy the Librems without any storage, and put in your own. There are some replaceable parts – Purism is gradually building up inventory.
Check out our in-depth interview with the CEO of Purism, Todd Weaver
Performance
The dual-core Skylake Intel Core i7 is fast enough, but more cores would be nice since compilers and other apps take advantage of them. Performance is certainly on a par with rivals, and battery life is decent but not the best – no surprise given the slim form factor, and large and lovely screen. We experienced about six hours of real-world use, although you could stretch it out towards the claimed '6 to 9 hours' scale with a dimmer screen.
If GNOME 3 isn't your current desktop of choice, PureOS could be a pleasant surprise. Every recent GNOME release has added polish, as well as security improvements (such as Flatpak), and with PureOS being all about both security and convenience, it does deliver one of the best out-of-the-box GNOME experiences. If you do purchase this notebook in the UK, don't forget as we mentioned before, there's a 20% duty charge to take into account.
We've picked out the best Linux laptops of 2017
Final verdict
If you're in the market for a high-end laptop that will last, Purism's engineering excellence and attention to detail will put this on your shortlist. If you want a user-friendly desktop on a system that has real credibility when it comes to digital rights, this should be at the top of your list.
This review was first published in issue 183 of Linux User & Developer
California Gov. Jerry Brown got apocalyptic Tuesday during a speech he gave in front of dozens of government officials gathered in Vatican City. Brown claimed human-induced global warming was so harmful and unpredictable, we shouldn't rule out extinction as a possible outcome.
“We don't even know how far we've gone, or if we've gone over the edge,” Brown said at the Vatican's climate summit, according to The Sacramento Bee. “There are tipping points, feedback loops, this is not some linear set of problems that we can predict.”
“We have to take measures against an uncertain future which may well be something no one ever wants,” Brown went on. “We are talking about extinction. We are talking about climate regimes that have not been seen for tens of millions of years. We're not there yet, but we're on our way.”
But Brown didn't stop there, he went on, according to the Bee, quoting chapter six, verses six through eight from the Bible's book of Galatians.”
“God is not mocked,” Brown said, “for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reaps.”
Brown's comments come about a month after Pope Francis released his encyclical letter on global warming, blaming it on mankind and backing efforts by the United Nations to write an international agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
“The Earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth,” Francis wrote in his letter. “In many parts of the planet, the elderly lament that once beautiful landscapes are now covered with rubbish.”
Environmentalists and politicians seized upon the encyclical, saying it gave moral weight to the argument that carbon dioxide emissions needed to be reduced in order to curb global warming.
“We have to respond, and if we don't the world will suffer, we will all suffer,” Brown said. “In fact, many people, millions are suffering already.”
“But if every year things get worse,” he concluded, “our goose will be cooked.”
Follow Michael on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
PA cops making arrest ( NBC10)
A Pennsylvania family has filed a federal lawsuit alleging three Collingdale police officers entered their home without permission to confiscate a cell phone being used to record the officer's actions in front of their home.
Kia Gaymon, 38, and her husband Michael Gaymon, 35, state in the suit that one officer, identified as Officer Carl White, burst into the home without a warrant and arrested her after threatening to use a taser on her, according to NBC10.
In the suit, the officers are accused of unlawful arrest, malicious prosecution, retaliatory arrest, and unlawful search.
According to the Gaymons, the February 22 altercation began when police were called out because a family member had parked her car illegally. The Gaymons state that, as one officer became overly aggressive with his questions, Mrs. Gaymon pulled out her cell phone and began recording.
Noticing that he was being recorded, Officer White advanced on Gaymon demanding she turn off her phone, stating it was illegal to record him without his permission.
Mr. Gaymon and the couple's 21-year-old daughter, Sanshuray Purnell, told the officer he was wrong and that she had the legal right to film him. According to the lawsuit, the officer then told Mrs. Gaymon that if she didn't stop recording him he would enter her home, take away her cellphone, and arrest her.
After refusing to allow him to enter her home the officer then handcuffed Purnell. Mrs. Gaymon says a second officer then escorted Purnell away from the scene.
White then allegedly entered the home, ignoring the couple's demand that he not come inside, and demanded the phone, placing a taser against Mrs. Gaymon's chest and threatening to use it.
“I panicked,” she said. “I was scared.”
The suit states that two officer then arrested Mrs. Gaymon along with her daughter and charged them both with disorderly conduct.
The family's attorney said the police had no cause to enter the home illegally and make an arrest.
“The actions that are described in the citation are for videoing the officer,” said Jonathan Fienberg. “It's not a crime.”
Mrs. Gaymon and Purnell appeared before a judge on May 22 and, after hearing their testimony, the judge dismissed all charges against them.
According to the lawsuit, the officers, “had no legal cause to believe that any plaintiff committed any crime” and that they “maliciously initiated a criminal prosecution.”
The lawsuit also accuses the officers of illegally entering the home without a warrant.
My biggest mistake was not taking my time on a tag board prototype to make sure that all the interlocking sections would work. While the sections in the pattern between the knuckle plate and vambrace barely worked I was not happy with it. Instead I substituted them for sheets of 6-in-1, 14 gauge chainmail. I have seen historical examples that are similar so it isn't unprecedented. I already have a winding mandrel I forged from a steel bar and a jig for winding coils quickly so fabricating the rings was not difficult. The first sheet you see below worked, but I was not happy with the gap when the hand was bent so I expanded it in the final version (pictured at the top).
I had a few options for the finish on the metal. I had to sand each one down to 320 grit to remove some surface rust and the remnants of the paper pattern. Being bare mild steel it needed some kind of protection. I could force a patina with an acid, paint them, oil them, use a Renaissance wax, or blue them. After looking at other examples, I settled on using a simple propane torch to form an oxide layer and an attractive coloring.
“The media storm surrounding the publication of Thomas Piketty's remarkable Capital in the Twenty-First Century (2014) has ensured that inequality is now in the forefront of public debate. But what next?”
Thus begins an essay in The British Journal of Sociology by the dean of inequality studies, A. B. Atkinson of Oxford University. This is a must-read for anyone interested in public policy addressed to the growing inequality in the rich countries.
Professor Atkinson's focus is on the United Kingdom, but his far-reaching set of policy prescriptions address many aspects of public policy (not just tax and transfer policy), and have relevance well beyond the European context.
Tony Atkinson is an economist of the highest order who has been studying and contributing to the economics of inequality since the 1960s. In this paper he offers 12 proposals that, he says, “could bring about a genuine shift in the distribution of income towards less inequality.”
Here is a link to the paper.
“Inequality is embedded in our social structure, and the search for a significant reduction requires us to examine all aspects of our society.” So here, taken directly from the article, are his proposals:
What can we do about the division of income between capital and earnings?
The direction of technological change should be an explicit concern of policy-makers, encouraging innovation that increases the employability of workers, notably by emphasizing the human dimension of service provision. Public policy should aim to reduce market power in consumer markets, and to re-balance bargaining power between employers and workers, contribute to reducing the share of capital.
What can we do about the distribution of earnings, and the concentration of wealth?
Return to a more progressive rate structure for the personal income tax, with a top rate of 65 per cent on the top 1 per cent of incomes. The government should offer guaranteed employment at the living wage to everyone who seeks it. Employers should adopt ethical pay policies that share common principles, and the adoption of such a policy should be a pre-condition for eligibility to supply goods or services to public bodies. Increased taxation of investment income via the re-introduction of earned income relief in the personal income tax, so that earnings are taxed at a lower rate over an initial range. A fresh examination of the case for an annual wealth tax, and the prerequisites for its successful introduction. All receipts of inheritance and gifts inter vivos to be taxed either under a lifetime capital receipts tax or under the personal income tax, with appropriate averaging provisions and thresholds. The government via National Savings should return to offering a guaranteed positive (and possibly subsidised) real rate of interest on savings, up to a maximum per person. The encouragement of institutions to represent the interests of savers and to provide alternative outlets for saving not driven by shareholder interests, aided by the establishment of a publicly-funded money advice service providing independent guidance free to all savers. A capital endowment for all, either at adulthood or at a later date.
What can we do about security for all?
An EU initiative for a participation income as a basis for social protection, starting with a universal basic income for children.
Advertisements
If you had to name the town with the most (European) Communist name, which would you choose? Leningrad? Stalingrad? What about Karl-Marx-Stadt? Like the first two (now Saint Petersburg and Volgograd respectively) Karl-Marx-Stadt only had that name for a short time, between the 10th of May 1953 and 1st of June 1990, and has since reverted to Chemnitz. It had been called something similar to that as far back as the 12th Century and was a center of commerce in eastern Germany, first producing textiles in the medieval period, then as an industrial center beginning in the 19th Century. Like near neighbors Leipzig and Dresden, Chemnitz is smaller today than it was at its peak (over 360,000 people in 1930) due in part to the impact of World War II, trials and tribulations faced during the East German period, and large-scale movement to the west after reunification.
Like the city it represents Chemnitzer FC is a football club with an interesting history. Originally formed in 1899 as Chemnitzer SC Britannia, financial difficulties saw them bankrupt and liquidated in 1933 at which point they reformed as Chemnitzer BC 1933. Post World War II they went through a series of name changes, first in 1945 to SG Chemnitz Nord, then BSG Fewa Chemnitz in 1948 and BSG Chemie Chemnitz in 1951. Upon the renaming of the city to Karl-Marx-Stadt in 1953, the club also renamed themselves SC Motor Karl-Marx-Stadt, which was in turn changed to SC Karl-Marx-Stadt in 1963 before becoming FC Karl-Marx-Stadt between 1966 and 1990. One can only speculate as to why lots of the merchandise in the club shop still references that period in their history, when the club badge bore the legend FCK.
This confusion over names probably did not help their case when the East German government decided that the city with the name of the founder of Communism needed a football club that would be one of the best in the league. Rather than move the best players to Chemnitz, they simply changed the name of the team in nearby Aue to SC Wismut Karl-Marx-Stadt and made sure that it was one of the strongest teams. That club never actually moved the 37 klm [23 miles] to Karl-Marx-Stadt; it just held the name until 1963 when it reverted back to BSG Wismut Aue. Now known as FC Erzgebirge Aue they have spent 12 of the last 15 seasons in the Bundesliga 2 without ever really looking like being promoted to the Bundesliga (their best finish was 5th back in 2010-2011). They are, however, local rivals with the modern-day Chemnitzer FC.
Like a number of sides in the former East Germany, Chemnitzer FC (as FC Karl-Marx-Stadt) got to play some European football. In the 1967/68 season they were knocked out in the first round of the European Champions Cup by Anderlecht. After beating Boavista (Portugal) and FC Sion (Switzerland) they were defeated by the eventual winners, Juventus, in the third round of the 1989/90 EUFA Cup. However, in the junior ranks of the club during that season was Michael Ballack, who began his career with Chemnitzer FC before going on to play for 1. FC Kaiserslautern, Bayer Leverkeusen, Bayern Munich, Chelsea and 98 times for the German national team. He started with the club at the age of 7 and even today Chemnitzer FC has a young talent center certified by the DFB (German Football Association).
Even the club's home ground has identity issues. Currently it is called the community4you ARENA because of the sponsorship of a local software and fleet management company. However street signage (including the bus stop name) knows it as Stadion an der Gellertstraße. In 1950 it was renamed after an East German politician (who had recently died) as the Dr. Kurt-Fischer-Stadion and that goes some way to explaining why it is still known by the nickname, the ‘Fischerwiese'. Chemnitzer FC, no matter what they or the stadium were called at the time, has been playing here since 1933 when it was first converted from horse riding grounds. It is very easy to get to, an approximately 15-minute walk north-east from the main station will do it, alternatively you can catch Bus 51 heading toward Zeisigwald to the stop “Stadion Gellertstraße”, or the Bus 21 heading to Ebersdorf until you reach the stop “Palmstraße”.
Both Chemnitzer FC and VfL Osnabrück (their opponents today) have had indifferent starts to the season in the 3. Liga. On Matchday 1 Chemnitzer FC won their local derby with FSV Zwickau 1:0, but followed that up with two high scoring losses and a 1:1 draw with FC Carl Zeiss Jena. On the other hand VfL Osnabrück have had two high scoring draws sandwiched around two rousing defeats. However, the DFB-Pokal matches last weekend could not have been more different. Chemnitz went down 0:5 to Bayern Munich, while Osnabrück were able to defeat Bundesliga side Hamburger SV 3:1. Even though they were further down the table, on that form it seemed like Osnabrück would be brimming with confidence.
Indeed, that was how it started. The relatively small group of VfL Osnabrück supporters who had made the 500 km trek to Chemnitz got to see their side dominate the opening part of the game. Osnabrück were using their attacking players to get in among the defense and pressure them into mistakes. In the first 6 minutes there were two good shots at Chemnitz's goal, first from Sangaré and then from Sušac. Indeed, in the first 25 minutes Chemnitzer FC barely made it into the opposition half. They struggled under the VfL Osnabrück press, struggling to find their own players with passes and having to resort to thumping balls up the field. However a fairly strong southerly breeze even kept those hanging in the air. It seemed like only a matter of time before Osnabrück would convert one of their many chances.
Perhaps they would have, if it had not been for the performance of Kevin Kunz in the Chemnitzer FC goal. His distribution may be problematic (at one point he managed to stop a back pass then roll it under his foot and out for a corner) but he can stop shots. In particular Danneberg and Savran were denied by excellent saves during the first half. This frustrated the VfL Osnabrück players, causing them to occasionally try to be too tricky in the hope of getting past Kunz, and also to start talking back to the referee, Patrick Ittrich, which eventually led to a yellow card for Groß. By half time Chemnitzer FC had finally managed to get up to the other end and get some shots on target, but Osnabrück were dominating with nothing to show for it.
After half time the fans of both teams made their dissatisfaction with some of the actions of the DFB (German Football League) felt. There were banners at both ends of the field, mutual chanting, and applause for each other before the banners were lowered and they resumed their rivalry. Meanwhile, on the pitch the game continued much as it had in the first half, although this time it was VfL Osnabrück players who had to contend with the wind blowing toward them and the sun in their eyes on high balls, which led to some occasionally comical moments in defense. It was obviously warm out there, on a couple of occasions when players were injured or substitutes were coming on almost all the other players moved to the side where there was some shade and grabbed water bottles.
Both sides recorded some good shots on goal in the second half, although it was still Kunz who was doing most of the work to keep VfL Osnabrück from scoring; including one astonishingly good save early in time added on at the end of the game. Of the 5710 spectators (just over a third of the capacity of the ground) the ones who were supporting Chemnitzer FC will have been relieved to have escaped with a point. On another day, or with a different goalkeeper they could easily have lost badly. Schalke 04's Ralf Fährmann is a former Chemnitzer FC goalkeeper; on this display it would not surprise me if a bigger team also picked up Kunz, especially if he can improve his play with his feet.
As 0:0 draws go this was still a very entertaining game. The point has at least moved VfL Osnabrück out of the relegation places and, if they continue to play like this I would be really surprised to see them down there for much longer. Chemnitzer FC have a good stadium with some awesome fans and helpful ground staff. Hopefully I will get a chance to go back at some stage in the future and see more of the city.
Wayne from Chemnitz!
AUSTIN (AP) – State lawmakers pushed closer to approving the licensed open carry of handguns, but only after a fierce Senate debate over restricting police powers to question people carrying guns if they are legal.
The open carry bill was expected to easily pass the Republican-majority Senate but got tangled in a bipartisan move to add a ban on police from stopping someone solely because they are visibly carrying a handgun.
Senate approval came less than a week after a biker shootout in Waco killed nine. The bill still needs a final House vote. That chamber has already passed a nearly identical version.
Supporters say the ban prevents police harassment of law-abiding citizens and racial profiling. Police groups say they must be allowed to determine who is legally carrying a weapon.
(© Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Alt-right leader Christopher Cantwell and supporters involved in incident at Walmart in Albemarle County.
The Albemarle County Police Department is looking into an incident involving alt-right members at the Walmart parking lot Friday afternoon.
Officers responded to the store around 12:20 p.m. Friday, August 11, after receiving a report that customers were concerned with a group of people pointing guns in the store's parking lot.
Christopher Cantwell, a leader of the alt-right movement, was one of the people involved in the incident.
“They were carrying weapons. Open carry, which is legal in Virginia with the weapon not concealed. They all checked out OK where they could carry a weapon," said Albemarle County Police Captain Tim Aylor.
According to the Anti-Defamation League, Cantwell "runs Radical Agenda, a racist, 'pro-European,' internet radio show/blog that touts its pay-to-view content as 'common sense extremism.'"
Cantwell is scheduled to speak at white activist Jason Kessler's Unite the Right rally Saturday, August 12. Other alt-right leaders expected at the event include National Policy Institute President Richard Spencer and Traditionalist Worker Party co-founder Matthew Heimbach.
Police tell NBC29 that Cantwell's group left the parking lot without incident and no arrests were made.
I was going to write about nice warm memories with the transit vehicles and the civilian road cars, too. Then I find that there's not only a trainporn guy, but a busporn guy as well. And that they're artists enough to have discernible styles. Wow! Is there any account of a P&Wporn guy? Or maybe just some P&W footage? 'T'would make MY pulse rate quicken. MvM
favorite favorite favorite
While watching this salute to Philadelphia busses, I began to wonder, who shot this? Was it our #trainporn correspondent? Or was it the #busporn correspondent who has made strange films on here about, yes, busses pulling in and out? This film looks like the #busporn guy, but many clues (the busporn guy didn't actually ride a bus in his films, for one) makes me believe, yes! It's #trainporn guy!
- September 18, 2014Who made this?
UN peacekeepers in the Ivory Coast say forces loyal to incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo have opened fire on civilians in the main city of Abidjan, killing around 10 people.
They also accuse groups of pro-Gbagbo youths of burning a man alive and attacking two groups of UN staff.
There has been no immediate comment on the accusations from Gbagbo's camp.
Up to one million people have fled Abidjan because of the fighting, according to the UN refugee agency. A backlash has been reported against West Africans accused by Gbagbo loyalists of supporting the rebellion.
Issa Dayabou, a Nigerian fish salesman, said he lived in Williamsville, the area of northern Abidjan where the UN claims the shootings took place.
“There are people who come there, into our courtyards, they rape the women and hit the men, and if you put up a fight, they kill you,” he said.
Forces loyal to Gbagbo's electoral rival Alassane Ouattara have reportedly seized the towns of Duékoué, Daloa and Bondoukou in a new offensive from their northern powerbase.
Ouattara's militia also patrol large parts of Abidjan. The fighting has rekindled Ivory Coast's civil war.
Gbagbo has refused to step down since November's disputed election, which UN-certified results showed Ouattara won.
Star Trek fans who want to play video games based on their favorite franchise are constantly frustrated. Trek games are few and far between, and they seem to range from terrible (like the recent Faux Trek game for consoles from back in 2013), to promising but ultimately destroyed (like Star Trek Online), to blatant, lazy cash-grabs (like Star Trek Trexels). Is it really possible that there's a decent Star Trek game on the horizon? Signs point to "maybe."
Disruptor Beam, the developer behind the Game of Thrones Ascent mobile game, is switching from fantasy to sci-fi. The upcoming Star Trek: Timelines is a game that mixes all of the original Trek franchises in a big continuity-warping time bubble. That notably excludes the Star Trek timeline from the new J.J. Abrams movies - either Paramount doesn't want to mix its newest properties with the old stuff, or Disruptor Beam recognizes the new movies for the complete bags of targ crap that they are. The game was announced last year, but a new developer video sheds a little light on the gameplay and the design process. Oh, and and all-powerful cosmic trickster Q (in his earthly disguise as actor John De Lancie) shows up too.
As a life-long Star Trek fan, I am cautiously optimistic. What little gameplay has been shown seems to positively wallow in the deep and wide Trek lore, with creative takes on classic episode stories mixed together in a blender like a good Peter David novel. The setup is broadly strategy-RPG, with you playing the captain and utilizing your ship and your crew to achieve the mission. And refreshingly, those missions aren't simply "shoot everything that moves" - there will be scientific and diplomatic solutions to your problems as well. Unless you're playing as classic Kirk, in which case (I assume) you try to seduce anything that's vaguely bipedal. As an example, at one point you'll have to mediate a Maquis conflict and decide whether they've earned a chance at creating an independent government.
I am Locutus of Borg. You will respond to my questions... and gain 62 experience points.
Timelines will feature turn-based combat, PvP and co-op multiplayer, and characters and ships from all five-Star Trek television series. In addition, the developers are cramming the in-game universe with physics models based on real cosmology. That said, it's not all looking rosy: Game of Thrones Ascent includes some pretty blatant pay-to-win mechanics, and the Unity engine that the developers are relying on is known to be inefficient on Android (especially for 3D graphics). Star Trek: Timelines doesn't have a confirmed release date yet, though the developer website says that a closed beta is coming.
In brief
What if you could improve your mental aptitude and performance by directly stimulating specific parts of the brain? That's what a team of researchers from Boston University wanted to find out, and they developed an experimental procedure that can change how you think.
Hitting the right lobes
A team of researchers from Boston University (BU) has explored the possibility of enhancing a person's ability to learn and control their behavior — in short, to change how people think — by stimulating the brain. BU researcher Robert Reinhart used a new form of brain stimulation, called high-definition transcranial alternating current stimulation (HD-tACS), to “turbo charge” two brain regions that influence how we learn.
“If you make an error, this brain area fires. If I tell you that you make an error, it also fires. If something surprises you, it fires,” Reinhart said in a BU Research press release, referring to the medial frontal cortex, which he calls the “alarm bell of the brain.”
Image: Boston University
Reinhart and his colleagues found that stimulating this region, as well as the lateral prefrontal cortex, could change how a person learns. “These are maybe the two most fundamental brain areas involved with executive function and self-control,” he added.
In a study published in the journal of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), Reinhart's team described how applying electrical stimulation using HD-tACS quickly and reversibly increased or decreased a healthy person's executive function, which led to a change in behavior.
Smart charge
Reinhart's team tested 30 healthy people, each wearing a soft cap with electrodes that conveyed the stimulation. The test was simple: each subject had to press a button every 1.7 seconds. In the first three rounds of tests, the researchers either cranked up the synchronicity between the two lobes, disrupted it, or did nothing.
The participants' brain activity, monitored with an electroencephalogram (EEG), showed statistically significant results. When the brain waves were upped, the subjects learned faster and made fewer mistakes, which they corrected abruptly. When it was disrupted, they made more errors and learned more slowly.
What was even more surprising was when 30 new participants took an adjusted version of the test. This group started with their brain activity temporarily disrupted, but then received stimulation in the middle of the activity. The participants quickly recovered their original brain synchronicity levels and learning behavior. “We were shocked by the results and how quickly the effects of the stimulation could be reversed,” says Reinhart.
Although their study still leaves much to learn, the BU team was actually the first to identify and test how the millions of cells in the medial frontal cortex and the lateral prefrontal cortex communicate with each other through low frequency brain waves. “The science is much stronger, much more precise than what's been done earlier,” said David Somers, a BU brain sciences and psychology professor who wasn't part of the study.
Translating Standard Sheet Sizes to Fabric Yardage
Trying to decide if your next sewing project will need a twin or full-sized sheet? Here's how to convert standard sheet sizes into yardage.
I thrift a lot, and I sew a lot. When I sew, I try to use primarily thrifted or recycled or otherwise unwanted materials, and when I thrift, a large part of what I'm searching for is material to sew with–T-shirts, button-down shirts, pants, sweaters, pillowcases, curtains, sheets, etc. If I find any of these items in good shape and at a good price, and if they sport an especially appealing pattern or image, then I add them to my fabric stash for later crafting.
One of the trickier components of sewing using these thrifted items, however, knows how much fabric there actually is there, and therefore what you can sew with it. I know from experience that I can sew one skirt and and one pair of matching leggings for my three-year-old from one adult-sized stretchy cotton or acrylic sweater, but is the queen-sized sheet that I picked up at a yard sale last summer enough to make matching pajama pants for me, my husband, and both our girls? How do standard sheet sizes translate when you're looking at a sewing pattern?
Questions like that are much easier to answer when you know the standard yardages for standard sheet sizes.
Here are the standard sheet sizes for flat sheets (easier to work with and always less worn than the fitted sheet) and their translations into yardages:
Crib Flat Sheet: 42″72″. This equals two yards of 42″-wide fabric.
42″72″. This equals two yards of 42″-wide fabric. Twin Flat Sheet: 66″x96″. This equals a smidge over two and two-third yards of 66″-wide fabric.
66″x96″. This equals a smidge over two and two-third yards of 66″-wide fabric. Twin Extra Long Flat Sheet: 66″x102″. This equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 66″-wide fabric.
66″x102″. This equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 66″-wide fabric. Full or Double Flat Sheet: 81″x96″. This equals, lengthwise, a smidge over two and two-third yards of 81″ fabric. The fabric is wide enough, however, that you can turn it the other way if the print works sideways. Widthwise, the fabric equals 2.25 yards of 96″-wide fabric.
81″x96″. This equals, lengthwise, a smidge over two and two-third yards of 81″ fabric. The fabric is wide enough, however, that you can turn it the other way if the print works sideways. Widthwise, the fabric equals 2.25 yards of 96″-wide fabric. Queen Flat Sheet: 90″x102″. This equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 90″-wide fabric. Used sideways, widthwise, the fabric equals 2.5 yards of 102″-wide fabric.
90″x102″. This equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 90″-wide fabric. Used sideways, widthwise, the fabric equals 2.5 yards of 102″-wide fabric. King Flat Sheet: 108″x102″. This fabric is longest when turned sideways. Widthwise, the fabric equals three yards of 102″-wide fabric. Used lengthwise, the fabric equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 108″-wide fabric.
108″x102″. This fabric is longest when turned sideways. Widthwise, the fabric equals three yards of 102″-wide fabric. Used lengthwise, the fabric equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 108″-wide fabric. California King Flat Sheet: 102″x110″. This equals a smidge over three yards of 102″-wide fabric. Widthwise, the fabric equals a little over two and three-quarter yards of 110″-wide fabric.
Whew! Now you can invent your own projects using sheets, or apply this yardage to an existing pattern to see if your sheet will work.
P.S. A queen-sized flat sheet turned out to be enough to make one adult and two children's pairs of pajama pants, although one child's pants had to have the pattern turned sideways on one side to fit. I made the children's pants very roomy, however–with a better-fitting pattern, I might be able to squeeze in all three pants going the right way.
Keep up with the latest in the world of green crafts by signing up for our free newsletter. CLICK HERE to sign up!
I came up with her for the March design challenge at This is the version with the full background. The pony alone is here: [link] They pick a color scheme and you design a pony for it. It's a weird bunch of colors but it kind of grew on me (like a fungus, get it?) after a while. The combination of very light pinky-tan and dark blue and gray made me think of a pale mushroom growing in a dark, dank, cold forest. That sounds kind of creepy and depressing, so I decided to make the pony herself very cheerful-looking in expression. She is to mushrooms what Applejack is to apples, and clearly she loves her job.Edited the basic vector I made for Sew-and-So, with some modifications to the body, whole new mane, tail, cutie mark and eyes, and added teeth.
These stories were often told in a smoky restaurant at a table holding empty wine bottles and a dwindling flask of pear brandy, said Stanley Karnow, the historian and author of ''Vietnam: A History'' (Viking, 1983), who spent 70 hours interviewing Mr. Conein (pronounced co-NEEN) for a proposed biography. The project was abandoned when Mr. Karnow decided that his subject was beginning to resemble Somerset Maugham's fictional spy Ashenden, a man so consumed by espionage that he cannot sort out his cover stories from the story of his life.
''He was out of his time,'' Mr. Karnow said. ''He was the swashbuckling soldier of fortune -- the guy who has ceased to exist except in fiction. A marvelous storyteller. Whether the stories were true or not was beside the point. They were almost always almost entirely true.''
Born in Paris in 1919, Mr. Conein was sent to Kansas City to live with an aunt, a French war bride, in 1924. He raced to enlist in the French Army when World War II erupted in 1939. When France fell in 1940, he made his way to the United States and joined the Army, which assigned him to the Office of Strategic Services, the wartime spy service.
The O.S.S. trained him to parachute behind enemy lines. In 1944, based in Algiers, he was dropped into occupied France to rendezvous with the Resistance. In Algiers, during a different liaison, he conceived his first child with a Frenchwoman who later became the first of his three wives, Mr. Karnow said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
With France liberated, the O.S.S. sent Mr. Conein to southern China to join a French-Vietnamese commando team assigned to attack a Japanese post in northern Vietnam. He formed an attachment to Vietnam, an affair that ended badly for both.
When the C.I.A. was begun in 1947, Mr. Conein was on board. He infiltrated saboteurs into Eastern Europe and trained paramilitary forces in Iran. In 1954, he was sent to Saigon, where he laid down caches of arms -- in coffins, buried in cemeteries -- for anti-Communist uprisings that never came. He also met and married his third wife, Elyette.
He returned to Saigon in 1962, with the rank of lieutenant colonel, as the C.I.A.'s liaison between the American Ambassador, Henry Cabot Lodge, and South Vietnam's top generals. In that role, he delivered a message that the generals read to mean that the United States would not object if they assassinated the President, Mr. Diem.
''Few secret agents are ever given the opportunity to scale the professional summit by arranging the overthrow of a government,'' Neil Sheehan wrote in his book, ''A Bright Shining Lie'' (Random House, 1988). ''Conein was transmitting the power of the United States to influence these generals to do its bidding.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The war did not go well for Mr. Conein. He was increasingly unhappy as a small covert operation grew into a huge military disaster. He retired from the C.I.A. in 1968 and contemplated a war-surplus trading venture in Vietnam. In 1971, he declined an offer from E. Howard Hunt, another retired C.I.A. officer, to join President Richard M. Nixon's ''plumbers,'' the secret team that bungled the Watergate burglary.
From 1973 until 1984, Mr. Conein ran secret operations for the Drug Enforcement Administration. Much about these missions remains secret, although Mr. Conein became a public figure of sorts in 1975 by candidly testifying about his role in the Diem killing to a Senate committee investigating the United States role in the assassination of foreign leaders. His own role, he testified, ''was to convey the orders from my Ambassador to the people who were planning the coup, to monitor the people who were planning the coup, to get as much information so that our Government would not be caught with their pants down.''
Mr. Conein, who is survived by his wife, Elyette, six sons, one daughter, 11 grandchildren and one great-grandchild, will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery on July 14, Bastille Day.
It seems, at least according to my inbox, that Earth Day is once again becoming a time to take action instead of just a marketing holiday. In years past, I've been bombarded with emails requesting reviews for sustainable products. Some were truly sustainable and some were total greenwashing, but regardless, for several years, Earth Day seemed more about what you could buy than about what you could do for the Earth.
This year, I received fewer emails about buying things for Earth Day and more emails about taking Earth-friendly actions. A few focused on food waste, one of the things we're constantly battling at my house.
Specifically, the Natural Resources Defense Council sent me information about its new Save the Food initiative. Partnering with the Ad Council, the group has launched savethefood.com with statistics, tips and this PSA, which hits very close to home.
The Save the Food website explains food waste in useful terms, particularly the way it presents how much water is wasted when food is thrown away by explaining it in shower minutes.
When you throw away a pound of chicken, it's as if you are running the shower for 104 minutes. A wasted pound of bananas is the equivalent of running a shower for 42 minutes. And one pound of wasted cheese uses up the equivalent of 122 minutes — more than two hours. A pound of beef waste is the equivalent of a 370-minute shower. That's more than six hours — no one would run the shower for that long.
The website also has tips for shopping and deciphering those confusing sell-by and use-by dates on food packages and storing foods so they last longer.
If you're looking for a way to observe Earth Day this year, an easy way is to go into your kitchen, find food that needs to be used up before it goes bad, and create a meal from it. Here are some ideas:
Think about food waste like a non-stop shower
You wouldn't leave the shower on for 42 minutes, right? When you think about food waste that way, it's more tangible.
A famous autograph is only worth as much as someone else is willing to pay for it at a particular time.
But Reddit user TinCanGoat knows the individual signatures of comic book artists in a special collection put together by the redditor will always maintain the same minimum value: $1. That's because TinCanGoat asked those artists to autograph and do a small sketch on American—and in some cases, Canadian—currency.
Recently, the Reddit user shared a gallery of the doodled-on dollars in the Comic Book community. The autographs were collected between 2014 and 2015 at Emerald City Comicon in Seattle, Rose City Comicon in Portland, Ore., and the Library Comic Con in Boise, Idaho.
TinCanGoat also explained how this practice began with a popular award-winning artist known for his work on Starman and Ex Machina.
Future artists, however, didn't make Harris' mistake and took extra time to use more than the Sharpies provided by TinCanGoat to render their money masterpieces. In fact, writer and artist Matt Kindt, who created MIND MGMT for Dark Horse and has worked on a variety of titles for DC, Marvel, and Valiant, scoured a convention for 15 minutes for a cigarette lighter, yelling, “Doesn't anyone smoke anymore?” according to TinCanGoat.
Here's a look at some of the other well-known artists TinCanGoat was able to convince to creatively deface legal tender for the sake of posterity.
Mark Bagley (Ultimate Spider-Man)
Joelle Jones (Lady Killer)
Frank Cho (Liberty Meadows, Totally Awesome Hulk)
Alex Maleev (Daredevil)
Jim Zub (Wayward)
Steve Lieber (Whiteout, Superior Foes of Spider-Man)
Check out the full gallery posted by TinCanGoat in the Comic Book community.
Image by The Wellcome Trust
When researching a famous historical figure, access to their work and materials usually proves to be one of the biggest obstacles. But things are much more difficult for those writing about the life of Marie Curie, the scientist who, along her with husband Pierre, discovered polonium and radium and birthed the idea of particle physics. Her notebooks, her clothing, her furniture, pretty much everything surviving from her Parisian suburban house, is radioactive, and will be for 1,500 years or more.
If you want to look at her manuscripts, you have to sign a liability waiver at France's Bibliotheque Nationale, and then you can access the notes that are sealed in a lead-lined box. The Curies didn't know about the dangers of radioactive materials, though they did know about radioactivity. Their research attempted to find out which substances were radioactive and why, and so many dangerous elements--thorium, uranium, plutonium--were just sitting there in their home laboratory, glowing at night, which Curie thought beautiful, “like faint, fairy lights,” she wrote in her autobiography. Marie Curie carried these glowing objects around in her pockets. She and her husband wore standard lab clothing, nothing more.
Marie Curie died at age 66 in 1934, from aplastic anemia, attributed to her radioactive research. The house, however, continued to be used up until 1978 by the Institute of Nuclear Physics of the Paris Faculty of Science and the Curie Foundation. After that it was kept under surveillance, authorities finally aware of the dangers inside. When many people in the neighborhood noticed high cancer rates among them, as reported in Le Parisien, they blamed the Curie's home.
The laboratory and the building were decontaminated in 1991, a year after the Curie estate began allowing access to Curie's notes and materials, which had been removed from the house. A flood of biographies appeared soon after: Marie Curie: A Life by Susan Quinn in 1995, Pierre Curie by Anna Hurwic in 1998, Curie: Le rêve scientifique by Loïc Barbo in 1999, Marie Curie et son laboratoire by Soraya Boudia in 2001, and Obsessive Genius: The Inner World of Marie Curie by Barbara Goldsmith in 2005, and Radioactive: Marie and Pierre Curie, a Tale of Love and Fallout by Lauren Redniss in 2011.
Still, passing away at 66 is not too shabby when one has changed the world in the name of science. Marie Curie was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize (1903), the only woman to win it again (1911), the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris, and the first woman to be entombed (on her own merits) at the Panthéon in Paris. And she managed many of her breakthroughs after the passing of her husband Pierre in 1906, who slipped and fell in the rain on a busy Paris street and was run over by the wheels of a horse-drawn cart.
via Christian Science Monitor/Gizmodo
Related Content:
New Archive Puts 1000s of Einstein's Papers Online, Including This Great Letter to Marie Curie
A Haunting Drone's-Eye View of Chernobyl
Free Online Chemistry Course
Ted Mills is a freelance writer on the arts who currently hosts the FunkZone Podcast. You can also follow him on Twitter at @tedmills, read his other arts writing at tedmills.com and/or watch his films here.
This week, several media outlets who were lucky enough to visit the Vancouver film set of STAR TREK BEYOND back in August released expanded interviews with the cast, covering many topics from writing to production.
We've poured through five different reports out in the past few days, and have picked out the most interesting segments – the below excerpts are sourced from Collider, Nerdist, io9, Slashfilm, and this other Collider report.
* * *
Simon Pegg and Chris Pine on the flexibility of the writing team to cast input:
Simon Pegg: We sent an email out to the cast whenever we got here saying, “Look. Look at your character. If you have any feelings or any kind of impulses, you know them better than we do. Let us know.” And that's been really helpful. And it's been great to be part of both sides of it in a way.
Chris Pine: If one person has a great idea then you go with that' if the script that's written is great then we go with that. If Karl [Urban] has a great Easter egg he wants to throw in from the Original Series we're like, “Oh that's fucking great!” If I wanna do like a side gag or something, you just kind of –There's a lot of trust I think, there's a lot of trust to Simon, Simon has a lot of trust in us, and Justin as well, that we know where the characters are, what in the dynamics work, and what might be fun to do. I guess it evens the playing field and everybody has the room to play.
For BEYOND – unlike the two previous films – the Enterprise bridge and corridor builds were built on gimbal systems to shake and turn the constructed sets as if the “ship” was really rocking in space, rather than leaving it all up to the actors and camera motion.
Zoe Saldana: It's fucking awesome. That made me want to kind of do a little more. It looks amazing. … So it keeps you always…it keeps you at the edge of your seat kinda going, ‘Oh, my god. What's going to happen?' These people are being tossed everywhere. It wasn't the kind of set where they are jerking the camera. You have to see it. It's really comical. You always have that one camera guy: ‘And, action!' It used to be J.J. too! He'd be, like, jerking the camera… This time, the set really moved. So they went all out to give us that experience, and it was cool. There is one set that rotates 360 degrees, and there are two sets that shake a lot.
Anton Yelchin: I feel like a kid playing make-believe. Except now someone has invested millions of dollars into making your make-believe really fucking awesome.
Chris Pine: What did we do the other day? We were in some dark places of the ship and it was slanted 65 degrees so you had to run up and being tackled by someone, and it's a lot of fun. It's actually way more physical in that regard than the first two films. Something I could equate it to would maybe be in the first one when me and Sulu have this fight outside. It's definitely the most physical film. I would say once the setup is established, three quarters of the film is just nonstop action beat after action beat. I wouldn't wanna scare anybody, I don't think it's kind of senseless blowing shit up for blowing shit up's sake, but I think it has a real drive to it and I think that Justin's aware of not wanting to dumb the audience down that way.
Director Justin Lin has also brought a new eye to the Enterprise, changing up how the camera presents the vessel's interior.
Karl Urban: I think it's one of the great things about Justin — he's got his eye keenly on the macro. It's all about enhancing the performance and enhancing the visuals and actually bringing space into the bridge. Whereas, perhaps in J.J.'s version, the bridge was really brightly lit and stuff but space is out there. Justin really wants to bring space to us. I think that's a really interesting concept.
There's been a great deal of talk about the vast number of new creature designs that have been created for BEYOND, up to fifty new aliens (in honor of the franchise's fiftieth anniversary).
Zoe Saldana: There are a lot of 3:30 AM call times. I heard one time there was like a 1:30 AM call time for somebody. It was brutal for that person and the crew that was handling them. So it's great. It's always a fun thing to see just the opportunity that each department has to showcase their work. And you are going to have a lot of aliens. That's one thing that I always like to see. If we're doing a film in space, I don't want to see just human beings in space. It's so boring. We must be like the dullest species ever. So we have a variation of a lot of species.
The opening act of the film starts out as “a day in the life” of the Enterprise crew, years into their Five Year Mission – but the time alone in space has taken its toll on the Starfleet officers.
Chris Pine: What I love about the beginning of this film is that it takes into account what it may be like if you're on a submarine or something and you're with the same people day in and day out for months and years. It's the second year of a five year mission, so what is that kind of repetition like? How you kind of get out of the day-to-day doldrums and doing nothing but kind of flying the ship and trying to find stuff. And these films always take place during big moments of high drama, but what happens the day before the high drama?
Zoe Saldana: They're at that point when you see them for the first time. … We've been working for two years straight. We're exhausted. I think we kinda need a break. It's not like we hate each other, but we need a break as people. We've just been working and sharing the same space. That's how you start the movie. That's where you see us in the beginning. Every relationship in this movie will be tested on a very, very high scale. The great thing about this installment is that it's not only Kirk and Spock and J.J.'s Spock and Uhura, his twist, it's also Chekov and Scotty. It's Sulu. So I'm really excited about this because now it's an ensemble more than ever.
Lastly, Zoe Saldana took some time to address the status of Spock and Uhura's relationship.
Zoe Saldana: Everybody's relationship, all of their dynamics are tested. Spock and Uhura are going to be tested as well. To what extent? I don't know. But I mean they made it in the show. They were old in the show. [laughs] What more can I say without giving it away? They are in each other's lives in a very passionate way. So you will see that. To what extent? I don't know. But I think Spock is absolutely in love with Uhura. I think he's crazy about her. And if Uhura is done with him, it's going to kill him. [laughs] I'm joking. But he really loves me more than I do him.
STAR TREK BEYOND hits theaters July 22.
My three questions about U.S. foreign policy principles in the Middle East
Your humble blogger was all set to pivot from the U.S. presidential campaign to the state of the global economy when he stumbled across Tom Friedman's column this AM. The headline — "It's Not Just About Us" — was beguiling. It suggested the limits of U.S. influence in the region — a suggestion that is not terribly popular with American foreign policy columnists. The bottom of the first paragraph — following the de rigeur denunciation of Romney's latest foreign policy speech — also makes this point:
The worst message we can send right now to Middle Easterners is that their future is all bound up in what we do. It is not. The Arab-Muslim world has rarely been more complicated and more in need of radical new approaches by us — and them.
Okay, so what's our radical approach to a region with countries hostile to Israel, worried about Iran, and vulnerable to takeover by extremists? Friedman elaborates:
How does the U.S. impact a region with so many cross-cutting conflicts and agendas? We start by making clear that the new Arab governments are free to choose any path they desire, but we will only support those who agree that the countries that thrive today: 1) educate their people up to the most modern standards; 2) empower their women; 3) embrace religious pluralism; 4) have multiple parties, regular elections, and a free press; 5) maintain their treaty commitments; and 6) control their violent extremists with security forces governed by the rule of law. That's what we think is “the answer,” and our race to the top will fund schools and programs that advance those principles. (To their credit, Romney wants to move in this direction and Obama's Agency for International Development is already doing so.)
Three things. First, if you're recommending a policy that both presidential candidates are also advocating, then there's nothing new. Second, there's a strong whiff of "it's all about us" by the time the column comes to the end.
Oh, and third: Saudi Arabia. Think about it.
This last point raises an extremely important issue. We're going to have a foreign policy debate in less than two weeks, and based on the news cycle the Middle East is going to dominate it. So it would be good, when either candidate evinces broad, sweeping policy pronouncements on the region, to at least acknowledge the inconsistencies.
So… might I suggest to Bob Schieffer that when he moderates the foreign policy debate, he keeps the follow-up questions listed below in case of emergencies?
1) You argue that we should aid conditionality and other measures to require democratization, liberalization, and the promotion of human rights in the Middle East. How exactly would this policy apply to Saudi Arabia, the other Gulf sheikhdoms (including Bahrain, home of the Fifth Fleet), and Israel's role in the occupied territories?
2) Is it possible for the United States to tie itself closer to Israel while still maintaining its popularity with newly empowered Arab populations? If so, how?
3) Why do you believe that economic sanctions will not work against Iran but that aid conditionality will work against newly-democratizing Arab regimes?
Predictably, many regard the Kashawn Campbell story as proof of low school standards. But I would argue that the underlying problem is grade fraud, which is a different issue.
I've been writing about grade fraud for college admission for a while now. Wait, you say, that's a link to a KIPP piece. Well, yeah. Charters are among the worst offenders in grade fraud, which is the tacit admissions directive enabled by Top Ten % or eligibility in the local context plans: the kids with the best grades in their schools are guaranteed entrance to the public universities.
The policy rewards compliance more than ability, as I've also written; I routinely see bright kids with low GPAs in every type of school. If we are going to lower standards to bring in underrepresented minorities, far better to find the brightest ones—which aren't necessary the ones with the best grades. And when I complain about this, some folks say some version of “Well, what's wrong with rewarding hard work?”
Well, what's wrong with it, eventually, is Kashawn Campbell. The people who value grades like to believe that the difference between an A and a B is nothing more than effort, when in fact, teachers can give whatever grades they like, with only a few restrictions that limit how low we can drop a grade. None limit our ability to give an A.
So the people blame crappy schools, because of course the only thing that prevents Kashawn from learning is a school that wanted the easy way out. And if we'd have Common Core, then we would have known Kashawn didn't know anything. This line of thinking ignores the fact that California state tests almost certainly showed that Kashawn didn't know anything—assuming, that is, he took the standard tests (more on that later). And then you have the affirmative action complainers—this group, I generally agree with but I am coming to the point of finding college admissions so revoltingly corrupt that affirmative action for blacks and Hispanics seems almost benign compared to the contortions universities go through to bring them in under alternative means.
But that's not what interested me.
No, I'm wondering why the reporter, Kurt Streeter, who is African American, hinted at so much. Some details are so instructive that I can't figure out why he didn't go further or, more typically, leave them out.
What details? Well, the big one I wonder about: is Kashawn brain damaged? (Or, as a National Review commenter said in summarizing this essay, perhaps he is not neurotypical?)
“When I delivered him, I thought he was dead,” said his mother, Lillie, recalling the umbilical cord tight around his neck. “He was still as stone but eventually he came to. Proved he was a survivor. Ever since, I've called him my miracle child.”
Umbilical cord around the neck is pretty common and doesn't usually lead to brain damage. The “still as stone” bit makes me wonder, though, if he was oxygen starved during birth.
He filled his dorm room with Cal posters, and wore clothes emblazoned with the school's name. Each morning the gawky, bone-thin teen energetically reminded his dorm mates to “have a Caltastic day!” “It was clear that Kashawn was someone who didn't know about, or maybe care about, social norms,” said one of his friends. “A lot of people would laugh at first. They didn't understand how someone could be that enthusiastic.”
and
They sat together in the front row. One teacher noticed that Kashawn subconsciously seemed to mime his roommate: casually cocking his head and leaning back slightly as he pondered questions, just like Spencer. Kashawn reveled in the class in a way he hadn't since high school. He would often be the first one to speak up in discussions, even though his points weren't always the most sophisticated, said Gabrielle Williams, a doctoral student who helped teach the class.
and
Many of them jaywalked. Not Kashawn. Just as he'd been taught, he only used crosswalks, only stepped onto the street when the coast was clear or a light flashed green.
and
Sometimes in the dorm room, Spencer would look over at Kashawn and see him sitting in front of his computer, body frozen and face expressionless, JVC headphones wrapped over his ears, but no music playing.
He's weird, in other words, and completely unconscious of it. Nothing wrong with that. Except he was prom king, and most likely to succeed.
His teachers and his classmates at Jefferson High all rooted for the slight and hopeful African American teenager. He was named the prom king, the most likely to succeed, the senior class salutatorian.
That strike you as a tad odd? Since when do high school kids name socially awkward kids prom king? Huh. Something comes to mind. But take a look at this first:
Part of the pressure came from race. ….When Kashawn arrived, 3% of Berkeley undergraduates were African American.
Kashawn's high school is 91% Hispanic. So Kashawn went from being a 9% minority to a 3% minority. Not entirely sure he'd notice that difference.
A black kid with a goofy affect, limited social skills, geeky, awkward, and attending an all Hispanic school is declared prom king and most likely to succeed?
You know when a slight, geeky, weird guy with awkward social skills is voted most likely to succeed and prom king? When it's an act of charity, an act that makes a group of tough kids feel good about themselves—that is, when the kid in question is “special”. You see it in all those feel-good articles about a special day student who becomes kind of a mascot for the school, the one everyone loves, who brings all the feuding elements together. Naturally, there might be another explanation. But anyone familiar with high school dynamics has to wonder about the specifics of Kashawn's popularity.
Which is what I'm wondering, because even within the context of a low income, low ability school, Kashawn's writing problems and his failure to improve seem significant.
And then, of course, there's the friend, Spencer:
Spencer was raised in a tough L.A. neighborhood by a single mom who had sometimes worked two jobs to pay the rent. Spencer had gone to struggling public schools, receiving straight A's at Inglewood High. Spencer didn't curse, didn't party, didn't try to act tough and was shy around girls.
…
To Spencer, Berkeley was the first place he could feel fully comfortable being intellectual and black, the first place he could openly admit he liked folk music and punk rock. He was cruising through Cal, finishing the first semester with a 3.8 GPA despite a raft of hard classes. “I can easily see him being a professor one day,” said his political theory instructor, noting that Spencer was one of the sharpest students in a lecture packed with nearly 200 undergraduates.
Why not write an article about Spencer? Wouldn't it be nice to see a story about an inner city kid who was prepared for college? You could even include his SAT scores–hey, speaking of metrics that are totally absent.
Notice that Spencer and Kashawn take African American studies together. Notice that Kashawn got an A on the essay and a B on the midterm–and an overall A in the class, and that he “copied” Spencer's every move. And notice that his writing professor basically accused him of cheating:
After reviewing his writing, though, it was clear to her that he had received far too much help from someone else.
It's never mentioned again, this little cheating episode.
Questions remain:
How did Kashawn pass the Introductory Science class with a D? No information about that class or the teacher is included. Why did the writing instructor give him an Incomplete twice instead of an F? What did Kashawn's African American studies essay look like? Was it a deserved A, or a pity A? If the former, why could Kashawn only write well in this class? Why didn't Streeter ask to see the A essay? Why doesn't Streeter mention what classes Kashawn took in high school? Kashawn was a junior in 2011, which would be the last year he took the California end of state tests. Only 22 juniors at Jefferson High were black that year. Nine of them took geometry, nine took algebra II, two of them took Summative Math (for precalc and beyond). Which of these was Kashawn? Streeter clearly reviewed the school's test scores. What were Kashawn's scores? Did Streeter know that Kashawn's school was 91% Hispanic? If so, why imply that Kashawn felt isolated in a non-black environment?
See, Kashawn's story isn't unusual—well, if he's suffering from brain damage or is actually mentally retarded, then it's a bit unusual. Otherwise, thousands of African American and Hispanic kids enter college every year, woefully unprepared to even begin to succeed. And, as the story clearly illustrates, the ones that work terribly hard or show the slightest bit of effort are often given passing grades out of some combination of pity and paternalism.
I am puzzled, however, that Streeter has left clues. Why mention Kashawn's unusual affect, his nomination as prom king, his faithful copying of Spencer, to make it fairly clear to a closer reader that there's something really off about the kid? Why be so uncompromising on the point of Kashawn's incoherent writing and his failure to improve in any way, unless it's for the same reason he includes only one quote from his mother which suggests his birth was unusual?
If Streeter wanted to indict the University of California admissions system, he has the stuff: an illiterate, possibly retarded, student is accepted via a standard specifically created to bypass the affirmative action ban. But he could have been more explicit: included SAT scores, state test scores, courses taken, specific examples of Kashawn's writing.
If he wanted to indict Kashawn's high school, which is how most readers seem to interpret the story, he could have gone even further and shown exactly how deep the fraud went. What math had Kashawn advanced to? What were his state scores? What books had he read in English class? How badly had his school fooled him? But all of that data is missing in action.
Of course, he might not have included this data because it would have given far too much away.
Or perhaps Streeter just wanted to illustrate the tremendous internal pressures experienced by a clearly wonderful young man who has no ability to complete college level work. Leave aside blame. Leave aside larger policy considerations. Just tell his story. Okay. Then why just hint at the special ed and the cheating?
Reporters often tell me they simply seek to tell the story, that they don't think of policy issues, which strikes me as just a tad disingenuous. I have no idea what Streeter's response would be but surely not that. How can any reporter tell a story about an unprepared African American student at the top public university in the country without thinking of the larger social issues he represents? He can't. And if he can avoid the larger issues, surely his editor wouldn't?
Then I read the article comments, and interspersed between the jeremiads about public education and complaints about affirmative action, I see:
Keep up the hard work Kashawn, college is not easy and your story is not an isolated one. There are thousands of college students that struggle like you, remember to stay motivated and keep working hard. If college was easy everyone would go (and graduate).
…..
Keep it going Kashawn! Nothing that is worth it comes easy! Everyone is looking for “that chance.” I don't think it's wrong to give him one.
…
Keshawn – do not let anyone take away your stellar record and GPA from Jefferson or your heartbreaking first semester at CAL. You have heart and you will continue to make it. Good luck.
…
You can do it, Keshawn! I am a Cal grad who had the advantage of tough private school training. Your story makes me realize how lucky I was. You've got my full admiration for your integrity and determination. Don't ever quit!
…and I realize that for some people, Kashawn's story represents a beautiful struggle and success. And maybe Streeter is just writing for them.
The rest of us should avoid drawing any policy implications, and just pick up on the hints.
*************************
Updated to add: A few commenters have suggested that Kashawn has Asperger's or autism. I thought of including this originally, but I'm not an expert, even though I sound like I think I'm one in the comments.
Kashawn doesn't seem anything like the Asperger's students I've worked with, but then, none of them have been low IQ. I've only worked with one diagnosed autistic student, and I do see some similarities.
But if Kashawn was autistic, wouldn't Streeter mention this? UC Berkeley has a huge organization dedicated to helping students with disabilities, including autism, and extensive support for learning disabilities. Yet there's no mention of that in the story.
I'm not any sort of expert on autism spectrum disorders. It could be that autism, rather than hypoxia at birth, is at the root of Kashawn's oddness. However, I still don't see any reason for withholding information about Kashawn's high school academic record unless it would reveal that Kashawn's cognitive abilities were profoundly limited.
Ten years ago today, one of the most important blog posts in recent American history was published. Beach Boys enthusiast Michael Leddy highlighted an important section of an obscure, now-offline Brian Wilson interview in the Asbury Park Press, in which Wilson revealed his favorite movie: Eddie Murphy's 2007 multiple-personality, fat-joke-steeped comedy Norbit.
In the typically terse interview, Wilson explained not only that the Brian Robbins-directed comedy was the film he'd most recently seen and enjoyed, but that it was also the best film he'd ever seen and enjoyed. Here, for posterity, is the exchange the writer of “Heroes and Villains,” “God Only Knows,” and “In My Room” had with interviewer Mark Voger:
Q. Have you seen any good movies lately? A. Well, I've only seen one in the last couple of years. It's called Norbit by Eddie Murphy. Q. How did you like it? A. Fantastic movie. Very funny. Q. What's your favorite movie? A. Norbit.
By 2015, Wilson had changed his mind: He told Consequence of Sound it was Pinocchio. Thankfully, it seems as if Wilson meant the original animated Disney film, and not the Roberto-Benigni-directed live-action version from 2002 which boasts a 0% on Rotten Tomatoes. Norbit holds a 9%, and has its moments.
In a piece from Yahoo! Sports' Charles Robinson last night, we learn that former NFL Head Coach Jon Gruden has been advising the Los Angeles Rams in their search for a new head coach:
One source said Gruden spoke with the Rams, but that the former NFL coach was acting in an advisory capacity, offering an “organizational assessment.”
In and of itself, it's notable. It's moreso because Jon Gruden's brother, Jay, is the head coach of the Washington NFL Football Team and we've recently learned that his offensive coordinator, Sean McVay, is the first candidate for the Rams' HC gig to take on a second interview.
Robinson's piece does note that McVay would be the youngest head coach in NFL history citing an anonymous NFL executive who does express a bit of concern at that fact:
A handful of executives who spoke to Yahoo Sports on Monday night said McVay has a reputation of being one of the bright young minds in the coaching community – but some also added that they believe he was a year or two away from being a serious head coaching candidate. The reticence appeared to be rooted in three areas. One was McVay's age (he'll turn 31 on Jan. 24). Another is his relatively short track record as an NFL coach (he became a full-fledged NFL assistant in 2010 and the Redskins' coordinator in 2014). And arguably the most pressing: Whether McVay was ready to lead an entire franchise while also building an experienced coaching staff to support him in the effort. “That's a big bite at [30 years old],” one executive said. “Recent coaches who have been that young, they clearly weren't ready for it – situations that seemed to come down to experience issues and maturity issues [with the coaches]. I don't know [McVay] well enough to say whether that would be a concern. It's just a lot for anyone, even the most experienced coaches.
Stay tuned.
At least 10 people were injured and vehicles were torched when a mob attacked a group of Dalits returning from Una in Gir-Somnath district on Monday after attending a flag hoisting ceremony to mark the end their 10-day Azadi Kooch (freedom march).
The incident reportedly occurred on the Una-Bhavnahar highway near Sametar village. It is the same village from where 13 of 36 accused have been arrested for flogging a Dalit family at Mota Samadhiyala village when they were skinning a dead cow on July 11.
Pradeepsinh Jadeja, minister of state for home, however, denied reports of any violence but confirmed that the road leading to Sametar village has been blocked by locals. “Senior police officers are on the spot and are trying to convince people who have blocked the road to go back. There has been no report of violence so far.”
“They (attackers) greeted us with Jai Bhim slogan. When we responded with the same, we were attacked. I had a narrow escape but my cousin Ashok was badly injured,” said Mavji Sarviya, who had come to participate in the culmination rally. The march had started from Ahmedabad on August 5.
“My two-wheeler was torched. One Qualis car was also attacked and damaged. Police brought us back to Una but they did not file FIR. They have accepted a complaint,” added Sarviya.
First Published: Aug 15, 2016 19:36 IST
Brad Friedman Byon 4/10/2009, 12:13pm PT
Over the last few months, it looks like the wingnuts have undertaken a specific and systematic effort to try and downrate items that don't reflect well on them at places like REDDIT and DIGG.
Of course, lots of recommendations on those two sites result in thousands --- if not hundreds of thousands --- of more eyeballs to the various stories we run here at The BRAD BLOG --- stories which are often not seen anywhere else in the media, even in the Progressive Blogosphere for that matter!
So your REDDITs and DIGGs actually do matter quite a bit, particular now since the wingnuts seem to have begun their downrating campaign. Click here to see the amazing number of DOWN votes at REDDIT, for example, for last night's "Franken Isn't 'Leading'; He Won and Coleman Lost" story. Without all that downrating, the story would easily have made it to the front page of REDDIT for a long while, and therefore been propagated across dozens of other key sites on the net as well.
It takes about 30 seconds to sign up for REDDIT and/or DIGG the first time, and then you can remain logged on forever. It then takes less than 2 seconds to vote for and/or uprate our stories here at The BRAD BLOG without even leaving this page by hitting the REDDIT and DIGG vote icons for stories that you believe are important to get out there.
Your 2 seconds of a mouse clicking matters. Really. And, as ever, your help is much appreciated! (And thanks to those regular DIGGers and REDDITers who already help out!)
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a decisive 22-point lead in the race for the Democratic primary, according to an ABC/Washington Post national poll released Wednesday.
The poll found support for Clinton at 57 percent, while her closest rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), lagged behind at 35 percent. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley (D) came in at 3 percent.
Although the gap between Clinton and Sanders has narrowed since the same poll was conducted in December, when Clinton led by 59 percent to Sanders' 27 percent, the poll indicates that Clinton nevertheless continues to hold a clear lead in the national race. Sanders seems to hold the advantage in the early-voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire, though, according to most polling.
The ABC/Washington Post poll was conducted Jan. 21-24 and surveyed 481 likely Democratic voters by live phone interview. It had a margin of error of 5 percentage points.
Authorities have charged a prominent pro-amnesty activist in Salt Lake City, Utah, with rape.
Adolfo Tony Yapias-Delgado, director of Proyecto Latino de Utah, allegedly forced himself onto a woman who broke up with him.
Yapias allegedly went to the woman's home in March after she broke up with him ten days earlier as the two exchanged contentious text message exchanges. After she confronted him in the parking lot, he went into her home, according to Fox13 Salt Lake City:
“The victim again made it clear she was not interested in continuing a relationship and did not want to engage in sex,” court documents state. “The defendant forced the issue and had sexual intercourse with the victim without her consent.” After the alleged assault, court documents indicate, Yapias wanted to talk more about their relationship. That conversation took place in his car. As the victim explained why was upset and angry, the defendant grabbed her cellphone and deleted their text message exchanges, court documents state… “As part of those April 4 communications, the defendant further acknowledged that the victim had told him ‘no' she did not want to have sex multiple times,” court documents state. “As part of the defendant's asking the victim to ‘accept my apologies for what happened,' the defendant also stated he felt she had eventually consented ‘when you took your clothes off.'”
It's possible the alleged victim is an illegal alien. The local news outlet reported that “despite the woman's fears concerning immigration issues, court documents state, she reported the assault the day after it happened.”
Yapias had also told her over text message, “‘I'm at meeting about immigration with representatives from Washington D.C.'” A nurse who examined her told authorities her “multiple physical injuries [were] consistent” with her recounting of the incident.
Yapias was well-known for advocating for amnesty for illegal aliens. He's due to appear in court on Sept. 27. Bail is set at $250,000.
The alleged attacker, 35-year-old Song Lirong, went on the killing spree in Songjiapo village in the north west province of Shaanxi after an argument with his wife, according to Xinhua, the government news agency.
Believing his neighbours had helped fuel the quarrel, Song visited six nearby homes with a kitchen knife and axe early on Monday morning.
According to Huashang, a local website, Song arrived at the home of Gao Aiqin, a 54-year-old woman, at seven o'clock in the morning while she was cooking. "He was outside calling my name," she said. When she emerged from her house, she saw him holding an axe, which he used to hit her with on the head. With blood streaming down her face, she "quickly went back inside, bolting the door. Eventually he went away".
His next victim was 22-year-old Gong Zhilan, who was holding a young baby and cooking with her mother-in-law, Zhang Fengmei. Both were hit with the axe, but the baby was unharmed.
Jia Aihua, a 59-year-old storekeeper, was killed by Song, as was one of her customers, a woman named as Zhang Chufang. Mrs Jia's three-year-old granddaughter was injured as was Mrs Zhang's son. Song also allegedly stole cash from Mrs Jia's house and stole a motorbike to make his escape after hacking at other villagers.
Songjiapo has just 500 residents and most of its men have migrated to find work in China's cities. The villagers said Mr Song was bad-tempered and had been punished by the police for previous attacks.
"He is an animal," said Song Rongze, Mrs Jia's son, to Huashang. "He lost his mind and was only trying to attack women and children. Most of the men in the village are elderly and no one could stop him."
It is the seventh time in just over a month that young children have been attacked in China, a country where violent criminal attacks are relatively rare.
On Saturday a man stabbed to death eight people, including his wife, elderly mother and young daughter in a village in the south-eastern province of Jiangxi, while on the same day, another two people were killed and three injured in a stabbing spree in Hong Kong.
Earlier this month, three attacks on kindergarten pupils occurred in the same week, leaving scores of children under five injured.
Why Dopamine is like an Investor (and how to fool the investor)
Daniel H. Roberts Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 19, 2016
To get from where you are to where you want to be, you have to spend effort. But how do you know whether it is worth it?
Dopamine has for a long time been considered a ‘pleasure chemical'. It is released when you get a reward. It makes you feel good. It is a very simple idea. But it also seems to be false. Most neuroscientists now reject it. What they propose instead is much more interesting.
Their idea is that dopamine tells you whether your effort is paying off. Like a shrewd investor, it keeps tabs on how much you are spending and how much you are getting back. If you gain more than you lose, dopamine neurons fire you up, filling you with motivation. If you lose more than you gain, these same neurons turn against you, cutting your supply of motivation. They do more than this, however. They do everything they can to minimize your losses.
Have you ever wondered what building a skill was all about? Maybe you haven't paid it much mind. We get better at stuff. It's just the way things are. What if I told you dopamine is the key to to all of it? By optimizing behavior, dopamine makes you perform at minimal cost. Why? So you will get the same amount of value at a lower cost. It outsources your behavior to the basal ganglia buried deep inside your brain. Here, behavior that was once conscious is performed automatically. All this time you thought you were the one riding your bike. Well, at first you were. But now it's the basal ganglia.
So how can you trick your dopamine system? By learning the rules of its game, and exploiting them.
The trick is to make the dopamine system cut your costs without cutting off its supply of motivation. And this is actually not hard. It may be the easiest thing you've ever done.
Let's say you want to develop a habit of running. If you just get out there and run until you feel like hell, your dopamine system isn't going appreciate it. You've spent a heck of a lot of energy, and what have you got to show for it? It will respond by decreasing your “running motivation”. And you will feel its sting every time you take a glance at your running shoes. But if you make a mini-investment, your dopamine system will have no reason to reduce your motivation. If you take a 2-minute run on day 1, you will have invested very little energy. And instead of the dreadful motivation zap, your dopamine system will quietly inform the basal ganglia that it should be optimizing “running”. Why? Because it noticed a small loss — and it responds by minimizing future losses. On day 2, it will take slightly less effort to run for two minutes. So run for a little bit more. And this is the key to it all: keep going just for a small amount longer each time. Dopamine — the shrewd investor — will keep cutting losses. And suddenly, on day 30, you will find yourself running for an hour. And it will feel just as easy as that first 2-minute run.
Of course, this applies not only to running. The same principle holds for everything. Want to develop a habit of writing? Follow the procedure. Lifting weights? Follow the procedure. Meditating? You guessed it — follow the procedure.
At first you might feel silly. It feels weird building skills this way. We're not accustomed to it. We've been taught that we have to push ourselves and that discipline is the key to success. But that may not be true. In reality, motivation may be the product of a clever — but not infallible — investor.
If you enjoyed this post, please share it. If you want something more to read, check out the Top 3 Willpower Myths.
DEAD: The Primary 5 pupil was found dead on May 18.
In his first four years in primary school, he had never fared poorly in any examination subject, usually averaging about 70 marks.
But in this year's mid-year exams, the Primary 5 pupil found out that he had failed two papers – mathematics and Higher Chinese.
On May 18, the boy was found dead at the foot of his Sengkang block, just nine days after his 11th birthday.
He was due to collect his exam results that day for his parents to acknowledge.
A coroner's inquiry into the boy's death yesterday was told that his 45-year-old mother thought he had killed himself over his exam results by jumping from his bedroom window in the 17th-storey flat.
But his father, a 47-year-old customer service engineer, felt his son had accidentally fallen to his death.
SHIN MIN DAILY NEWS FILE PHOTO
The identities of the boy, his family members and his school cannot be disclosed because of a gag order.
Yesterday, investigation officer Inspector Lynn Ong told State Coroner Marvin Bay that the boy's mother, a housewife, had expected him to score at least 70 marks per subject for his exams.
He had scored about 70 marks for every subject from Primary 1 to Primary 4.
If he did not meet her expectations, she would cane his palm lightly, Insp Ong said, adding: "She would hit him once for every mark short of 70 marks."
However, she would cane him only if his average score across all subjects was below 70 marks.
"Sometimes, she would look through his examination papers first, and if they were difficult, she would not hit him."
His mother also rewarded him when he did well, such as buying him a gift.
For the mid-year exam, he had asked for a kite, and she bought one for him on May 14, even before the results were out. He went out to fly the kite with his father the next day.
The school principal described the boy as an average performer who was generally able to cope with school.
The principal also said that pupils tend to see a dip in their exam results in Primary 5 because of changes in the exam format to prepare them for PSLE.
The boy found out his results before May 18, when the exam papers were returned to the pupils for checking.
Out of 100 marks, he scored 50 for English, 53.8 for Chinese and 57.5 for science. He fared poorly in two subjects, scoring 12 marks for Higher Chinese and 20.5 for mathematics.
UPSET
The boy's Chinese and Higher Chinese teacher noticed that he was visibly upset after receiving the results for both subjects.
However, his science teacher saw him on May 17, a day before he was supposed to take his results home to show his parents, and he was cheerful and bubbly as usual, the court heard.
On May 18, his father noticed that he was taking a longer time than usual to get ready for school.
His mother tried to open the bedroom door, but it was locked.
She used a spare key to unlock it, and when they entered the room, he was nowhere to be seen.
The couple, who also have a 16-year-old daughter, looked out of the window and saw their son lying on a grass patch at the foot of their block.
His mother called the police at around 6.50am.
She called his school about 15 minutes later and told the principal what happened and said she needed help as her husband was distraught.
Insp Ong said that when the principal arrived at the scene, the mother was "very emotionally unstable".
"She heard her lamenting in Mandarin, saying 'I only asked for 70 marks, I don't expect you to get 80 marks,'" Insp Ong added.
A paramedic pronounced the boy dead at the scene at around 7am.
The police do not suspect any foul play.
The cause of death was found to be multiple injuries, consistent with those sustained after a person had fallen from height.
Coroner Bay will deliver his findings today.
(Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times via AP)
“The law's totally on my side, meaning, the president can't have a conflict of interest.”
— Donald Trump, interview with the New York Times, Nov. 22, 2016
President-elect Donald Trump will enter office with an astonishing array of business projects, loans and business deals around the globe. Reports have raised questions about those potential conflicts – Trump acknowledged that he recently encouraged British politician Nigel Farage to oppose offshore wind farms that might affect the view from one of his Scottish golf courses — but Trump shrugged off any potential problems.
“The law's totally on my side, meaning, the president can't have a conflict of interest,” he said.
Is this the case?
The Facts
The law doesn't say the president can't have a conflict of interest. But Congress, under Title 18 Section 208 of the U.S. code, did exempt the president and vice president from conflict-of-interest laws on the theory that the presidency has so much power that any possible executive action might pose a potential conflict.
“As a general rule, public officials in the executive branch are subject to criminal penalties if they personally and substantially participate in matters in which they (or their immediate families, business partners or associated organizations) hold financial interests,” the Congressional Research Service said in an October report. “However, because of concerns regarding interference with the exercise of constitutional duties, Congress has not applied these restrictions to the President. Consequently, there is no current legal requirement that would compel the President to relinquish financial interests because of a conflict of interest.”
This principle was outlined in a 1974 letter from the Justice Department, issued at a time when Nelson Rockefeller was under consideration to be confirmed as vice president after Richard Nixon resigned and Gerald Ford became president. Rockefeller, then governor of New York, was heir to a fortune and consented to congressional hearings in which his business interests were closely examined.
“The uniqueness of the President's situation is also illustrated by the fact that disqualification of the President from policy decisions because of personal conflicting interests is inconceivable,” the letter noted. The 1978 Ethics of Government Act and the 1989 Ethics Reform Act later codified this principle.
In other words, Congress assumed that the president could be trusted to do the right thing. Most recent presidents — Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton — have placed their personal assets in a blind trust, even if they did not have a legal obligation to do so. President Obama did not, but his assets were only in mutual funds and Treasury bonds.
Trump is unique because so much of wealth is tied in with the value of his “Trump” brand. Already, foreign diplomats have been flocking to his recently opened hotel in downtown Washington — and Trump noted to the Times that his brand is suddenly “hotter.”
The fear of potential influence from foreign governments through economic benefits to federal officials led to the Foreign Emoluments Clause in the U.S. Constitution. Trump's business holdings around the world could test the boundaries of the letter or spirit of the clause. Case Western Reserve University law professor Erik Jensen outlined key questions that may arise regarding whether the Emoluments Clause would apply to Trump and his business holdings.
“If nothing else, however, the Clause emphasizes the founders' fears about economic benefits coming to American officials from foreign governments. It adds a constitutional dimension to some good, old-fashioned appearance-of-impropriety concerns,” Jensen said in response to a question about Trump and the Emoluments Clause posed by Jonathan Adler of the Volokh Conspiracy blog.
For what it's worth, Trump's pick for chief of staff, Reince Priebus, has vowed that the White House counsel will review all potential areas that could pose a conflict: “I can assure the American people that there wouldn't be any wrongdoing or any sort of undue influence over any decision-making.”
The Pinocchio Test
While spoken in classic “Trumpese” that fails to capture the nuances of the law, the president-elect did rightly point to an exemption for the president and vice president in conflicts of interest laws. And while such an exemption exists, the theory was that the presidency has so much power that any policy decision could pose a potential conflict. The law assumed that the president could be trusted to do the right thing and take actions to avoid appearance or presence of impropriety — not that the law is “totally” on the president's “side” or that it would allow the president to use the exemption to his favor.
Trump's statement does not quite rise to the level of a Geppetto Checkmark, nor does it qualify for a Pinocchio. So we will not rate this claim. Trump, nevertheless, should be more careful about his wording on this point. It's quite possible he will face a number of conflicts of interest during his presidency. The law may offer an exemption for the president, but political reality — and perception— often does not.
(About our rating scale)
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Check out our guide to all Trump and Clinton fact checks
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
Zwolle is a beautiful mercantile town with a Medieval centre. It is an excellent destination for a weekend of absorbing culture, shopping and good food. In the Dutch Golden Century, Zwolle rapidly developed into a powerful Hanseatic town, and the resultant wealth and liveliness can still be felt when visiting Zwolle.
Stroll through the historic inner city and visit the Gothic St Michael's Church.
Try such local delicacies as peperbuskaas, balletjes and Blauwvingerkoekjes.
Admire works by Vincent van Gogh and Piet Mondrian at Museum de Fundatie.
What to do in Zwolle
Zwolle has a Medieval centre, gorgeous theatres, a broad range of shops, excellent hotels and restaurants and many splendid parks. In other words, Zwolle has everything one might expect a modern-day city to have, without compromising the intimacy of its history. The historic facades, city walls and towers, the 600-year-old Sassenpoort gate and star-shaped city moat, flanked by monumental merchant's homes and trees still characterise this city, and its beautiful alleys and impressive fortifications still beg to be explored.
The main characteristic landmark of Zwolle is the Peperbustoren, or Pepper Mill Tower, the 75-metre-high tower of the Basilica of Our Lady, which has been an eye-catcher since the fourteenth century. If you wish, you can climb the tower – it commands a breath-taking view of the city.
If going on a city trip to Zwolle, there are a number of highlights you cannot afford to miss. The 15th-century Great or St Michael's Church, to begin with, has a rich cultural and historical past. It is famous for its Gothic architecture, its many monuments and the world-famous four-manual Schnitger organ (1721). Museum De Fundatie has interesting exhibitions to offer, with venues in both Heino and Zwolle. And be sure to drop in at one of the city's many culinary establishments to try regional produce, such as Zwolle mustard, peperbuskaas (spicy cheese named for the Pepper Mill Tower), balletjes and Blauwvingerkoekjes.
Load photos By loading the photographs, you are expressing consent with cookies and other tools.
Where to eat in Zwolle
Restaurant de Hofvlietvilla (Pannekoekendijk 6) is located in an old villa by Zwolle's moat, with a splendid terrace by the water's edge. You are also certain to enjoy Pestengasthuys (Weversgildeplein 1), which serves very enjoyable courses. In the brasserie corner, there is Brasserie Jansen (Nieuwe Markt 14), located in a number of ancient buildings, and it has exceptionally friendly. The meatball on the menu uses the recipe of chef Johnnie Boer (owner of the Michelin-starred restaurant De Librije *** in Zwolle).
Accommodation
Zwolle has a lot of great hotels and bed and breakfasts where you can stay when visiting this historic city. Check out our offerings here.
It's like a hi-tech sneezeguard at a salad bar
It's like a hi-tech sneezeguard at a salad bar
A certain famous industrial designer once told me I'd be absolutely amazed if I could see some of the things he'd seen inside Microsoft's skunkworks. I pushed him for specifics, but alas, the design DNA was NDA'd. But this project here just might be one of those things.
Right now we all use computers the same way: Moving from the back of your desk to the front, you've got the screen first, then your hands on the keyboard or mouse, and then your head taking it all in. Now imagine swapping the order so that back-to-front we have your hands first, then the screen, then your head.
Researchers Jinha Lee and Cati Boulanger of the Microsoft Applied Sciences Group have developed a prototype called the See-Through 3D Desktop where the user reaches behind the screen to interact with objects in virtual 3D space. Check it out:
Here's another vid showing a different demo of the same technology. You can skip ahead to 1:00 for the action:
A A
SEATTLE -- A Romanian couple accused of a $68 million tax cheat in their home country was hoarding gold and had built a bunker at their Yelm home, according to recently unsealed FBI statements.
Currently facing extradition proceedings, Radu Nemes and his wife, Diana, have been accused of conspiring with high-ranking officials in the Romanian government in a profitable tax dodge. The Nemes have extensive properties in Yelm - federal investigators now contend they used laundered money to pay for a $3 million log home, and were running a number of shell businesses in Washington.
The Nemes were arrested in early March and have been jailed since as federal prosecutors seek to have the couple returned to Romania. Diana Nemes, a 38-year-old currently pregnant with her third child, is fighting to be released from custody.
Recently unsealed statements to the court show an FBI-led investigation is ongoing into a money-laundering scheme the Nemes and others are suspected of operating in Western Washington. Neither has been charged publicly with any offenses in the United States.
According to court papers, investigators searching the couple's 53-acre Yelm property discovered a "fully equipped and furnished underground bunker" that could be sealed from the inside.
"That bunker could comfortably have housed the entire family for months if not years, given the supply of food found in storage in that structure," Assistant U.S. Attorney Norman Barbosa said in court papers.
FBI agents searching the Nemes home found four pistols and two rifles, including an AR-15-style assault rifle, according to prosecutors' statements. As non-immigrant visitors, neither Nemes is allowed to possess firearms.
Arresting the couple on March 18, FBI agents searched the couple's Vail Road Southeast property, as well as a neighboring property occupied by two associates. Investigators came to believe the couple had buried boxes of gold "liberty" coins on the properties and returned with ground-penetrating radar.
Working with Romanian authorizes, the FBI's Seattle division began investigating the Nemes in 2012 after it was discovered they were living in Yelm.
Anti-corruption officials in Romania contend Radu and Diana Nemes cheated the government out of $68 million in taxes due on nearly 1 million tons of diesel fuel. The couple is alleged to have conspired with high-ranking Romanian finance officials to perpetrate the fraud.
Investigators contend the Nemes laundered the proceeds of the scheme through banks in Dubai and the United States before fleeing Romania. They previously created several businesses in Western Washington, purportedly to aid in money laundering.
The Nemes are alleged to have spent millions in laundered money on construction equipment, gold and real estate, as well as at least one yacht.
Writing the court, Diana Nemes' attorney, Martha Boersch, described the purported scheme as a legitimate tax dispute and claimed the money at issue was earned legally.
"Ms. Nemes and her husband operated several companies in Romania that were highly profitable, and were engaged in lawful commercial activities," Boersch said in court papers.
"At most, there appears to be a tax dispute about the amount of excise tax paid on diesel fuel," the continued. "There is no crime in openly investing the profits of a lawful business in businesses and properties in the United states, and it is insulting for the government to treat the Nemeses as if they were drug dealers who were 'laundering' money."
In a recently unsealed search warrant affidavit, though, a Seattle-based FBI special agent said the couple's finances are "permeated with fraudulent money laundering activity and have been funded primarily, if not exclusively, with the proceeds of their Romanian tax evasion scheme."
The FBI became involved in the investigation in November 2012 after Romanian authorities contacted the bureau's Bucharest attach. Romanian investigators suspected the couple was living in Western Washington.
Charged in Romania with tax crimes, the couple is alleged to have imported automotive diesel masquerading as industrial fuel. That fuel is taxed at a 4 percent the rate of commercially available diesel.
Romanian investigators contend Radu Nemes was helped in the fraud by the nation's top tax collector and his chief deputy, as well as the head of the Romanian customs department. Nemes is believed to have bribed the men for their assistance.
On July 9, 2012, Romanian investigators swept up the organization, executing 70 search warrants and arresting several conspirators. The web of paperwork supporting the operation unraveled as investigators found homeless people at the heads of several shell companies.
FBI agents in the United States identified several bank accounts apparently controlled by the Nemes, and learned Radu Nemes and a friend frequently traveled with large amounts of cash.
Arriving in the United States in May 2011, Radu Nemes and an associate had more than $41,000 in cash split between the two of them. The day he arrived, Radu Nemes bought a Chevy truck for $31,000; he paid cash for the pickup, handing over a stack of $100 bills.
According to the FBI agent's account, the Nemes passed a $100,000 cashier's check to the owner of a small South Sound pizza chain. That man tried to cash the check; when his bank refused, he deposited it and slowly withdrew the money over several days.
Bank records showed Radu Nemes spent more than $1 million at a Federal Way-based precious metals dealer, buying gold bullion. Investigators believe he bought additional gold from several other coin sellers.
"The Nemes are using the proceeds of their crimes held at banks in Dubai to purchase gold in the United States and later convert the gold back to cash," the FBI agent said in court papers.
Writing the court, the FBI agent said the Nemes have been traveling the United States, flying first class and staying at luxury hotels. In just more than a year, they spent more than $235,000 at designer boutiques and withdrew hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash.
The Nemes appear to have moved their yacht - the Ramaya - to the Americas from the Mediterranean in late 2012. The 70-foot Azimut yacht was sold months later for $2.3 million.
According to search warrant affidavits, the Nemes are suspected of paying $2.8 million in laundered money to the construction firm building a log house on the Yelm property.
Business records indicate the Nemes own parts of a commercial property in Thurston County as well as a winery nearby in Rainier. Both are alleged to have been bought with laundered money, which investigators claim also financed a business operated by the mother of one of Radu Nemes' purported conspirators.
The FBI special agent contends the Nemes also used a trust account belonging to a Los Angeles attorney to further clean their dirty money. An attorney with the firm is alleged to have represented herself as an executive with one of Radu Nemes' businesses.
All told, they moved more than $3 million through the trust account, which is generally meant to house payments to or from an attorney's clients.
Agents searching the Nemes' properties seized most of their valuables, including 21 boxes packed with silver coins, more than a dozen cell phones, seven vehicles and a riding lawnmower. Also seized was a large quantity of building materials, including a collection of solar panels apparently for use on the log house.
The Nemes remain jailed. Publicly accessible court records don't show any charges against the 10 men and women living in the United States suspected of assisting them.
Former Florida Gators quarterback Tim Tebow had a mostly positive performance on Thursday in his final opportunity to earn one of the Philadelphia Eagles‘ coveted 53 roster spots ahead of the 2015 season. By the end of the night, Tebow may very well have made head coach Chip Kelly's decision for him.
Tebow finished the contest 11-of-17 for 189 yards with two touchdowns, including a long 45-yard completion, and a fourth-down interception; he also took four carries for 32 yards, with a long gain of 17.
His first highlight of the night was a 19-yard completion on 3rd and 16 that moved the chains and kept the Eagles alive in their drive.
Running the two-minute drill at the end of the first half, Tebow completed an 18-yard touchdown pass to top off a seven-play, 85-yard drive.
.@TimTebow came here to stand in the pocket and throw touchdowns. You're welcome to watch the show. #TebowTime http://t.co/p8NqVA22Ew — NFL (@NFL) September 4, 2015
In the second half, Tebow kicked things off with a 17-yard gain on the ground.
Don't get it confused because Tebow is throwing darts. He can still spin out of tackles, tuck and run for 17. http://t.co/W4FsCvu2fH — NFL (@NFL) September 4, 2015
He then threw the aforementioned 45-yard bomb down the middle of the field.
Tebow concluded his night with his best play of the game. After rolling out left to avoid the rush, he threw an off-balance, somewhat-wobbly pass into the end zone in a perfect position for Freddie Martino to make a tip-toe highlight grab.
Whether Tebow ultimately makes the Eagles' 53-man roster remains to be seen, but with word out of Philadelphia being that Kelly is enamored with his overall talent and has a plan to utilize him as a quarterback and utility player, things are looking good for the Heisman Trophy winner.
Those were hard days for Trevor Linden and the NHLPA
Labour law has a long tradition in Canada, and it's no surprise that a game so interwoven with Canada's national identity is currently watching as its players seek to take advantage of the rights that have been afforded to them. Efforts in Quebec and Alberta may only delay the inevitable, but there's an intriguing local angle to sports labour law that is worth considering.
The Canucks players in 2005 tried to certify themselves as a unique union in the province of British Columbia. Ultimately they lost the case, and weren't permitted to certify, but the story is particularly relevant today given the announcement that Canadiens players will move to block a lockout in Quebec under the unique circumstances afforded them. More on that later.
In 2005, players in both Montreal and Vancouver sought to have themselves certified as separate, unique labour unions. We should get into some quick background at this point, and explain that the NHLPA is not certified in Canada, which makes their bargaining relationship somewhat problematic. Arrangements that are made on the players behalf – the CBA – aren't codified in BC, but the rules are respected nonetheless. It's like the written and unwritten rules of parliament: it has long been understood that owners and players in Canada would respect the rules as laid out in the USA. Thus, all teams in the NHL operate under the CBA, even though Canadian teams fall technically "outside" its jurisdiction.
The argument presented by the would-be BC-NHLPA was that Canucks players weren't correctly represented under BC labour law by the existing NHLPA, and that they should be allowed to certify as a separate union to represent their rights to the NHL and the Canucks.
The Quebec process was dropped when the lockout was settled, but the BC case carried on, being ruled on twice by the BC Labour Relations Board, which eventually denied the application.
Ultimately the BC board rejected the claim because the NHL and the NHLPA already existed and had a long-standing labour arrangement; adding a new bargaining unit would in fact destabilize what was a long-standing, functional relationship. The fact that owners had locked out the players was not reflective of long-standing dysfunction.
The law won't allow these sorts of tactical moves to be used as a bargaining tactic; a union can't pretend it's not functioning properly if it's in fact functioning properly. Similarly, the NHLPA threatening to de-certify, an idea which has been publicly mooted on more than one occasion, would only be acceptable if the players could prove that the union itself was acting in a grossly negligent manner.
It was a move by the NHLPA to rectify a situation that is a rather curious one, but not really all that unusual. Players in Canada aren't actually members of a Canadian union, though they are acting as a collective group to further their goals. Even if the players aren't in a Canadian-recognized union, they still have many rights as workers, which is exactly what the current move to stop the lockout in Quebec is all about. Under Quebec law, owners are not allowed to lock out employees if the employees aren't in a recognized union.
Also of interest is the baseball umpires case that was brought to the Ontario Labour Relations Board in 1995. Major League Baseball had locked out its umpires, but a ruling by the OLRB found that MLB had not followed Ontario labour law and were thus not allowed to lockout their umpires in Ontario. This set a precedent for subsequent sports-labour actions; each jurisdiction's rules would have to be respected. Thus the move in the last lockout to use the labour relations process in BC and Quebec. With the BC (and separate certification) door now closed, it makes sense that the NHLPA and its members would look to use other provinces' labour policies to their benefit.
The players for the Oilers and the Flames have also intiated procedures in Alberta – ironically enough by using provisions that might be seen as actually existing to help owners. It all adds up to a clear push by the NHLPA to be seen as negotiating in good faith, while placing doubt on the sincerity of the owners. How that really gives them an advantage is unclear – the labour dispute certainly has a PR angle, but the settlement doesn't really take public opinion into consideration.
This actually happened on the Senate floor this afternoon. Senator Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) asked for consent to take up and pass the Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act, a bill that would make it easier/possible for the scandal-plagued department to fire employees based on poor performance. The House overwhelmingly passed the legislation on Wednesday, with a bipartisan vote of 390 to 33. (Only Democrats objected.)
Surely the Senate would follow suit, right? Not exactly. Senator Bernie Sanders, a union-backed socialist from Vermont, objected on behalf of Senate Democrats to Rubio's request. Instead of taking any action now, Sanders said he is going to hold a hearing—several weeks from now.
Sanders, who chairs the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs, has been one of the most outspoken defenders of the VA against allegations of misconduct. When asked about reports of multiple deaths related to long wait times at the VA healthcare system, Sanders told CNN: "People die every day."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D., Nev.) on Thursday offered a lukewarm assessment of the House-passed legislation, describing it as "not unreasonable."
House Speaker John Boehner (R., Ohio) was not happy. "As we head into the Memorial Day weekend, I am disappointed, and—frankly—shocked that Senate Democratic leaders chose to block legislation that would hold VA managers accountable," Boehner said in a statement. "As we head home to honor the men and women who have sacrificed so much for our freedom, it's fair to ask why Senate Democrats won't stand up for more accountability?"
Siberia
Anthropologists unearthed a single pinky finger in Siberia that may have belonged to a previously unknown human species, according to a report released Wednesday. Preliminary DNA evidence suggests that the early human, who died in a cave between 30,000 and 48,000 years ago, was neither a Neanderthal nor a modern man. How do anthropologists decide where to look for ancient humans?
In most cases, they wait for an amateur to get lucky, then make their move. Anthropologists can't see what's under the first layer of earth without digging—ground-penetrating radar isn't sensitive enough to distinguish fossils from the surrounding rock—and there's too much land and too few anthropologists to dig up every site where the geology favors bone preservation. So most anthropologists wait until a farmer, geologist, or curious child stumbles upon an interesting bone. Then they use geological maps, Google Earth, and good, old-fashioned walking around to determine the likelihood that there's more to discover in the vicinity.
Caves are particularly promising areas for excavation. Early humans used them to hide from predators and the elements. Neanderthals, and possibly other early humans, may even have buried their dead in caves as early as 200,000 years ago. (Skeptics argue that early man simply liked to rest in hollows with a little snack and sometimes died in his comfy spot.) Some researchers, therefore, survey caves— particularly those in Siberia, where scientists are looking for evidence of the early humans of Eurasia and North America—without waiting for a fortuitous amateur find. They look for painted walls and artifacts like tools or bones lying on the ground. If they find nothing, they may dig a test hole about 1 meter square and a few inches deep. If that doesn't turn anything up, they usually abandon the site.
Finding our earlier ancestors in the deserts of Africa, where caves are virtually nonexistent, is much more challenging. If a passer-by discovers a fossil, researchers look around for sedimentary rock—a particularly good material for fossil preservation. Because it's difficult to secure funding for a new excavation, almost all of our digging in Africa has been limited to places where people have previously happened upon bones, a fairly small portion of the continent between the East African Rift and the Indian Ocean.
Bonus Explainer: The Siberian early human lived during the Pleistocene ice age, so researchers assume that he or she would have worn clothes for insulation. When did humans start dressing up? At least 100,000 years ago. Human raiment is not typically preserved in the fossil record, so researchers have turned to lice genetics for hints. Body lice diverged genetically from other louse species about 100,000 years ago. Because body lice live primarily in our clothing, scientists use that moment of differentiation as the likely era when humans started dressing themselves.
It's possible, however, that humans started wearing clothes even earlier. We know that pubic lice jumped over to humans from gorillas—our genetically distinct head lice migrated from chimpanzees—about 2 million years ago. And since pubic and head lice probably couldn't have coexisted on the same body if there was a hairy highway connecting their favorite anatomical spaces (one would have beaten out the other for all the available resources), it's likely that we had lost our body hair by then. Some claim that humans donned clothing shortly after that, but others argue that there's no reason our ancestors would have needed clothing in steamy Africa.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks Andrew Hill of Yale University and Pat Shipman of the Pennsylvania State University.
Become a fan of Slate and the Explainer on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
True to their tease, Epic Games is beginning development on a brand new Unreal Tournament today. The game will be completely free and co-developed by Epic and their community.
"Let's do something radical and make this game together, in the open, and for all of us," Epic says in a newly published blog post. The company is offering much more than lip service on their new community focus. The new game will be jointly developed by a small team of veteran Unreal Tournament devs at Epic, fans, and Unreal Engine 4 developers. "From the very first line of code, the very first art created and design decision made, development will happen in the open," Epic states.
Epic wants the community to be involved in every facet of the game: artwork, mechanics, weapon balancing, game modes, and even the core deathmatch experience. All of the code will be freely available to any Unreal Engine 4 developer via Github.
While the game will be free (not free-to-play, meaning no microtransactions), Epic is taking a page from Valve's Team Fortress 2 and other games like Forza Motorsport in the eventual release of a marketplace. Here, fans, artists, and developers will be encouraged to release mods, maps, and other items as either free or paid content. A revenue split between marketplace sellers and Epic will be instituted, and this is actually how Epic plans to recoup costs for the development process.
Diehard Unreal Tournament fans will be pleased to hear that the new game will be true to its roots as a competitive FPS, and development will be focused on Windows, Mac, and Linux. Additionally, Epic is discussing the blueprint for Unreal Engine 4 on their Twitch channel, including VR initiatives for the Oculus Rift and Sony's Project Morpheus. This means we may very well see an Oculus Rift version of Unreal Tournament, and it's not unreasonable to expect an eventual VR-supported version for the PlayStation 4.
I've reached out to Epic on that front and will keep you posted on any developments.
This is a wonderful initiative. Between this and Fortnite, Epic is showing a resurgence of support for the PC platform. As I said earlier this month, a new Unreal Tournament would be the perfect flagship for Unreal Engine 4, and I'm thrilled that Epic is making this a truly collaborative, community effort.
By the way, last week's tease prompted me to re-install Unreal Tournament III, and it's shocking how well this 7 year old game stands up to modern PC shooters. It even looks stunning in 4K.
CORRECTION: The initial version of this article stated that the game itself would include support for Project Morpheus. I apologize for the error.
Continue the conversation by following me on Twitter and Facebook. Listen to my tech and gaming podcast “Tangled Cables” for free in iTunes.
BORO's U18s have been crowned champions of the Barclays U18 League Northern Division after the only team that had a mathematical chance of catching them lost this afternoon.
Manchester United had to win all their remaining games and Boro lose their last one for the Red Devils to have a chance of pipping Craig Liddle's side to the title, but they lost 1-0 away to Wolves.
Lead Coach Liddle says Boro's youngsters have been a credit to the club this season and to win the league is a huge achievement.
"I think throughout the season the lads have been a credit to the club and themselves," he says.
"They're a focused group and the way they have conducted themselves on the pitch has been great.
"When you think of the investment made by Manchester City, Man Utd, Liverpool, Everton and Blackburn, we can be really proud of our achievements. We're grateful for the investment we have here, but we're talking about finishing in front of Premier League clubs here with all the resources they have."
Liddle adds: "Obviously at this level it's about developing them as players and the long-term aim is to get them in the first team.
"But at this moment in time, to win the league is a fantastic achievement for them."
Boro qualified for the next stage of the season over two weeks ago, but winning the league not only brings prestige, it brings an advantage when it comes to the next phase as they will play four at home and three away.
Boro, with the teams who finish second third and fourth in their league - currently Everton, Man Utd and Man City - will be joined by the top four from the southern section - currently Chelsea, Villa, Spurs and West Brom - in an eight team group, the winner of which will play in Europe next season.
"This next stage will not faze our group at all," said Liddle. "If anything it will make them even better.
"This is a great achievement and it is down to a lot of people who have put in a lot of hard work."
First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus
Friday, May 20th, 2016 11:10PM CDT
55,398
Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply
TF Fan Nathan wrote: I'll be real metroplex is the better toy, there's too much of him in Fort Max's design and it hurts the quality, playability and makes you feel like your transforming him wrong a lot of the time.
I really thought fort max was gonna have more guns, he doesn't even have the wrist gun that metroplex has. The back of the hand guns I can kinda forgive but when metroplex already had the gun? Weird choice hasbro.
Also I would gladly sacrifice the sounds in base mode to be able to have those hip guns. He just looks and feels a lot smaller than metroplex. For a guy called Fortress Maximus, I'm not getting that from his toy. The original had way more features in base mode than his updated counterpart.
Cerebros's shoulders are held in by two small tabs that pop out constantly due the rest of the joints being too tight I'm already starting to get some stress marks in the plastic and I got him yesterday.
I love this toy because I love the character and the line that he's going to be a part of and I was always a headmasters fan, it's just to me this whole figure screams missed opportunity. He's a great toy but when compared to metroplex comes up short in all three modes.
Credit(s): Transformers Fan Nathan Australian Transformers fan Nathan sent us some amazing pictures of the Titans Return Fortress Maximus toy he picked up locally. He also offered us a written review. Enjoy:
Search Got Transformers News? Let us know here!
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791331)
Posted by
Missed opportunity ' seems to pretty much summarize this guy quite succinctly - shame, the character deserved so much more ' seems to pretty much summarize this guy quite succinctly - shame, the character deserved so much more Posted by Hellscream9999 on May 20th, 2016 @ 11:14pm CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791333)
Posted by
Hellscream9999 wrote: ' Missed opportunity ' seems to pretty much summarize this guy quite succinctly - shame, the character deserved so much more ' seems to pretty much summarize this guy quite succinctly - shame, the character deserved so much more
Let's all just hope that Takara has something great up its sleeve for their release of Fort Max in September. We still haven't seen the Master Sword, that we KNOW is coming, so perhaps there are a few nicer little touches we have yet to see from them? Let's all just hope that Takara has something great up its sleeve for their release of Fort Max in September. We still haven't seen the Master Sword, that we KNOW is coming, so perhaps there are a few nicer little touches we have yet to see from them? Posted by Wolfman Jake on May 20th, 2016 @ 11:25pm CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791335)
Posted by
Going to wait and see what the SDCC version has up its figurative sleeve before making a concrete decision. If he doesn't seem to have any other improvements, I'll stick with the standard release. Not that interested in Takara's release for some reason. Posted by Mindmaster on May 21st, 2016 @ 12:03am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791337)
Posted by
Kinda sounds like a bummer, but would anyone think it might be worth it for someone who doesn't have Metroplex yet? Posted by Mr Skram on May 21st, 2016 @ 12:55am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791340)
Posted by
I've said it before, and I'll say it again. For the price, it just doesn't have what the original G1 Fort Max had. If you're willing to pay the money for this, just put a bit extra in, and buy the reissue of the G1 Fort Max. That figure had so much play factor built into it. Posted by Black Bumblebee on May 21st, 2016 @ 1:18am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791341)
Posted by
This still won't kill my joy for getting Fortress Maximus. Posted by Rainmaker on May 21st, 2016 @ 1:27am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791344)
Posted by
Mr Skram wrote: Kinda sounds like a bummer, but would anyone think it might be worth it for someone who doesn't have Metroplex yet?
I skipped Metroplex because the only thing it had going for it was how big it was. The city mode just looks like a splayed out robot, and the land cruiser thing just looks like he's doing light yoga. Fort Max looks like the better figure to me, the city mode actually looks like buildings and roads instead of just a splayed out robot, and the cruiser hides the robot features a lot better. That review wasn't really any good to be honest. The only information I got was he wanted more guns on it, which is totally subjective. I skipped Metroplex because the only thing it had going for it was how big it was. The city mode just looks like a splayed out robot, and the land cruiser thing just looks like he's doing light yoga. Fort Max looks like the better figure to me, the city mode actually looks like buildings and roads instead of just a splayed out robot, and the cruiser hides the robot features a lot better. That review wasn't really any good to be honest. The only information I got was he wanted more guns on it, which is totally subjective. Posted by Evil_the_Nub on May 21st, 2016 @ 2:08am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791345)
Posted by
In this day and age, having more guns to be truer to the original but it would of shot the price up, by how much is unknown. The question is, would people pay the extra price? And would parents pay the extra? Posted by ZeroWolf on May 21st, 2016 @ 2:29am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791357)
Posted by
So... he's not taller than Metroplex? Posted by Kurona on May 21st, 2016 @ 3:08am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791363)
Posted by
As a owner of Gen Metroplex and G1 Encore Fortmax, I don't feel the need at all to own the TR version. I mean, Fortmax 2.0 transform even less than Metroplex! While Metroplex sat down and made an effort, TR Fortmax just pass out drunk on the ground. Pathetic. Especially compared to the G1 original. The original toy will NEVER be beaten unless Takara decide to make a 1000$ MP. Posted by -Kanrabat- on May 21st, 2016 @ 5:11am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791364)
Posted by
Mr Skram wrote: Kinda sounds like a bummer, but would anyone think it might be worth it for someone who doesn't have Metroplex yet?
If you have neither or Gen Metroplex nor G1 Fortmax, I say it would be better to double the money you are prepared to pay and go for Encore G1 Formax. They made way too many of him and he's been in clearance since about a year. He would cost around 300$US shipped for Canadians and Americans. If you can only afford or just want to pay 150$ max, got for the TR version. Either way, having a huge bot in a TF collection is always a good thing.
However, your money will defenitely be better spendt on the long run with Encore-23 Fortress Maximus. If you have neither or Gen Metroplex nor G1 Fortmax, I say it would be better to double the money you are prepared to pay and go for Encore G1 Formax. They made way too many of him and he's been in clearance since about a year. He would cost around 300$US shipped for Canadians and Americans. If you can only afford or just want to pay 150$ max, got for the TR version. Either way, having a huge bot in a TF collection is always a good thing.However, your money will defenitely be better spendt on the long run with Encore-23 Fortress Maximus. Posted by -Kanrabat- on May 21st, 2016 @ 5:16am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791365)
Posted by
Ehhhhhh no. Honestly, I may very well just save up and try and track down the reissue + PE Warden. G1 Max may be a brick but he's so loaded with play features it doesn't really matter. Also, the G1 figure's city mode knocks the TR figure into a cocked hat. That thing looked like a fortress. Posted by Black Hat on May 21st, 2016 @ 5:53am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791372)
Posted by
Mr Skram wrote: Kinda sounds like a bummer, but would anyone think it might be worth it for someone who doesn't have Metroplex yet?
I say yes, but wait for the eventual price reduction (like 20%). He sadly doesnt have the same functionality as Metroplex even though they use the same mold. Here is what Nathan wrote to me about how his legs still open:
they do open up but from underneath so its that back half that opens out not the gun half, means they don't really work in vehicle or base mode. hes really just lacking from not enough guns, i forgot to say the shin guns dettach and can go on his shoulder or have a fold out handle but they dont show that feature in the instructions. still dont know what that lil leg bit is meant to do though, its hollow and weird.
Black Bumblebee wrote: I've said it before, and I'll say it again. For the price, it just doesn't have what the original G1 Fort Max had. If you're willing to pay the money for this, just put a bit extra in, and buy the reissue of the G1 Fort Max. That figure had so much play factor built into it.
Yup. I just got CW Skylynx yesterday and thats another figure who's original version has a totally different kind of playability that makes it still as relevant to own as ever. What you wrote is something I totally stand by and something I did when I saw this new fort max. For 100$ more, you get one of the greatest TF toys of all time.
Kurona wrote: So... he's not taller than Metroplex?
Thats a major bummer, he also seems much smaller in width. I say yes, but wait for the eventual price reduction (like 20%). He sadly doesnt have the same functionality as Metroplex even though they use the same mold. Here is what Nathan wrote to me about how his legs still open:Yup. I just got CW Skylynx yesterday and thats another figure who's original version has a totally different kind of playability that makes it still as relevant to own as ever. What you wrote is something I totally stand by and something I did when I saw this new fort max. For 100$ more, you get one of the greatest TF toys of all time.Thats a major bummer, he also seems much smaller in width. Posted by william-james88 on May 21st, 2016 @ 7:13am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791374)
Posted by
I guess they left the arm gun out due to parts count. The remolded the panel also. Posted by Roninx35 on May 21st, 2016 @ 7:40am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791378)
Posted by
I think I'll hold out and wait until Trypticon is released and they get around to Omega Supreme. I have higher hopes for those two, they can be my big robits Posted by SureShot18 on May 21st, 2016 @ 7:58am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791379)
Posted by
SureShot18 wrote: I think I'll hold out and wait until Trypticon is released and they get around to Omega Supreme. I have higher hopes for those two, they can be my big robits
Or you can do what I plan on doing and just wait and see how low this goes down in price. Would you say no to this toy for 75$? You would be surprised how good a deal you can get if you dont get things right away: Or you can do what I plan on doing and just wait and see how low this goes down in price. Would you say no to this toy for 75$? You would be surprised how good a deal you can get if you dont get things right away: http://www.seibertron.com/transformers/ ... ale/35409/ Posted by william-james88 on May 21st, 2016 @ 8:17am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791383)
Posted by
OKAY! G1 version despite being a brick still knocks the new version by lightyears
Blunt force trauma object!.................I think the G1 version still wins in that criteria Wait for the TT version. New head for Fortress. Anime paint apps. Master sword/swords(?). Japanese voice clips and uhhhhhhhh working elevator (nope, that was in G1). 360 degree rotating radar dish (nope, that was in G1). Cog (Gasket and Grommet), nope (that was in G1). Twin Tower photon rifles,nope (again in G1). Tech spec meter built in (so is there a tech spec meter here?) Tilt/gravity position vehicle/inertia powered vehicle launchers! Nope, again in G1 figure.OKAY! G1 version despite being a brick still knocks the new version by lightyearsBlunt force trauma object!.................I think the G1 version still wins in that criteria Posted by fenrir72 on May 21st, 2016 @ 8:52am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791396)
Posted by
So.... I guess we can confirm that the sound gimmick for fort max being able to play the headmaster op (fort takara verison and it seems theres one in the hasbro verison too) is placed in celebros chest cause it seems that theres a sound gimmick in his chest. Posted by Starsaber468 on May 21st, 2016 @ 10:51am CDT
Re: First Written and Pictorial Review of Transformers Titans Return Fortress Maxmus (1791399)
Posted by
Anyone knows if the knee joints are any better/stronger on Fort Max than they were on Metroplex? Posted by Sharkticon Soup on May 21st, 2016 @ 11:14am CDT
Meghan McCain finds herself embroiled in controversy this morning after posting a picture on popular social networking site Twitter.com yesterday in which she holds an Andy Warhol biography and smiles, clearly implying she enjoys it. The wildly sexy McCain, contributing writer for the website The Daily Beast, and her choice of literature elicited hundreds of negative comments and vociferous outrage about her choice of reading material.
“WHAT THE -?!” posted Twitter user SirSnarksalot. “How someone as mind-blowingly attractive as @McCainBlogette could be interested in a pasty no-talent like Warhol is personally offensive!”
“Incredible!” posted McDeetzey. “With a YOWZA body and killer smile like @McCainBlogette has, you think she'd know better! Warhol was a hack!”
“I hope @McCainBlogette enjoys her fifteen minutes of fame,” posted hamburglaring211.
The gorgeous Miss McCain's father, former Presidential candidate and Senator from Arizona John McCain, was quick to defend his stunning offspring.
“Cindy and I have always supported the reading habits of our children,” McCain said in a statement. “Even if their tastes run to the mediocre and mundane, it is their decision to read what they choose, and we're behind them one-hundred percent.”
The dazzling Miss McCain has been outspokenly pro-sex in the past, but oddly mute on the issue of 20th century artists, until now anyway. “Given her tendency to break from the Republican party's set line of decision in the past,” Russell Hapsmith, political correspondent for MSNBC said, “It should be no surprise she would court controversy by making this daring declaration of her artistic preference now.”
This sudden shove into the national spotlight has afforded the breathtaking, mountain-breasted Miss McCain the obvious opportunity to run for higher office down the road, given the GOP's recent track record.
“We would fully support a Meghan McCain campaign for the Presidency,” Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele announced this morning. “She has the lineage, the savvy, and the eyes, legs, hair, and figure to be a great leader.”
Meghan McCain, who turns 25 next week, won't become eligible to run for President until 2020.
Alcohol Involved Fatalities in the U.S.
Posted in Accident Information on February 17, 2016
We examined data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) to find who was most at risk to be at fault, most at risk to be a victim, and the true cost for those involved from both perspectives. And even though you may be an adult or a college freshman who has heard it all before in high school health class, it's important to always be aware of just how many drinks it takes for you to be over the limit.
[wpdatachart id=1]
What Factors Influence Alcohol Related Fatalities?
[wpdatatable id=10]
Are colder weather states more likely to be involved in Alcohol Related Fatalities?
[wpdatatable id=12]
How “Fine” Are You?
We've all heard the term “lightweight” before, and that is mainly because there is scientific evidence to back it up. It takes far fewer drinks for someone weighing 100 pounds to find themselves over the legal limit than for someone weighing 200 pounds. But the effects of a .08 BAC are the same for everyone, no matter your size or gender. It's unlikely that you'll have a breathalyzer on hand to test what your BAC is, so it's important to always be aware of how many drinks you've had.
To expand upon that, given the craft beer craze and the propensity of making yourself drinks at home that are much stronger than those made for you at the bar, it's always important to be aware of how much alcohol content is in your drink. A lot of beers have more than the standard 5% ABV used to measure a single drink, which means that you can't drink anywhere near as much of that as you could a light beer before finding yourself over the legal limit. There are many occasions that call for a drink, but carelessness in what you do after those drinks is where a good night can turn bad real quick.
Young and Inexperienced
We all know that the legal age of consumption is 21 – there are states with exceptions to consumption and possession – and most states have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to minors and alcohol. That doesn't mean that most Americans haven't had a drink by the time they reach 21; in fact, 65 percent of those 18 and younger have had a drink in their lives. On top of that, drivers aged 16-20 accounted for 17 percent of the total fatalities related to car accidents involving alcohol; those 21-24 comprised 30 percent of the total, the highest of any age group.
Penalties for a DUI are much more severe for those underage. Fines vary from state to state but if you are involved in an accident with alcohol in your system, you can count on paying a few thousand dollars in fines and losing your license for a while, even if it's your first offense. And not many things are worse than losing your license as a teenager. Except of course prison, which depending on how far over the legal limit you are or if you're responsible for injuries, is a possibility as well. Some states have a .02 BAC minimum for those underage to prevent false readings from mouthwash or gum, but the zero-tolerance policy of other states mean that, even if you blow a .01, you'll be arrested.
Repeat Offenders and Innocent Bystanders
One of the more troubling statistics for DUIs are the amount of drivers who have been arrested for the same offense before. It is estimated that 25 percent of drivers arrested or convicted fall into this category, and while that number has declined in recent years, one-fourth is still a very high percentage. Currently, there are only 21 states that require a mandatory ignition interlock system for first-offenders, despite 79 percent of respondents to a AAA poll saying they would support such initiatives.
However, the interlock is not completely fail-safe. It does reduce the likelihood of a repeat offender by 67 percent, but some counties are reporting problems. One in California found that only 27 percent of those required to install the device actually do so, which means a lot of people are driving with a suspended license or not at all. These results are not typical though, as 97 percent of drivers in the entire state of Michigan follow through with the program, and only 2.8 percent become repeat offenders. Nationwide, interlocks are responsible for a 70 percent reduction in DUI arrests.
Of greater concern than the number of drivers being arrested who perhaps shouldn't have been driving in the first place, are the passengers and pedestrians that fall victim to someone else's poor decision. Sadly, 209 children 14 and younger died as a result of being in an accident caused by an impaired driver. Approximately 29 percent of those kids were occupants of other vehicles. The tragic reality is that this just happening once is too much, and passengers, whether with the driver or in a different car, of all ages make up 27 percent of the total fatalities. The number of innocent pedestrians killed makes up eight percent of the total.
When and Where Alcohol-Related Accidents Happen
The increased likelihood of a DUI happening at night may be obvious, but just how much more is startling. These accidents happen at four times the frequency at night compared to the day, and that gap only increases on the weekend. The rate of those killed during holidays is also very high. New Year's, the Fourth of July and Labor Day have the highest frequency, as 44, 39 and 38 percent, respectively, of the car accident deaths during these holidays happen as the result of a drunk driver.
There also appeared to be a direct correlation between states that consume more alcohol and those with a higher frequency of DUI occurrences. North Dakota, Delaware and Montana were the worst three of this category; North Dakota had the highest rate of fatal accidents involving alcohol, and the fourth highest gallons of alcohol consumed. Delaware was sixth and third, Montana was fifth and six th in each respective category.
Measures Taken to Prevent
Over the past few years, many steps have been taken to cut down on the frequency of DUIs. We've mentioned mandatory interlock systems for first time offenders and zero-tolerance policies for those underage, but other efforts are in place as well. Sobriety checkpoints, media campaigns and instructional programs in schools are just a couple of ways the government and local law enforcement are attempting to keep the roads safe. Friends and family can do their part as well by simply talking to those whom they feel could be at risk, because those who drink a lot or have prior convictions are more likely to be arrested for drunk driving.
Some do question the effectiveness of such programs, though. Checkpoints are especially tricky, in part because 12 states view them as unconstitutional; so it's tough to reduce occurrences of drunk driving nationwide when many police officers believe them to be a much more reliable way to curb DUIs than simple patrol. According to the most recently available data, drivers in the U.S. admit to driving within two hours of having alcohol one billion times per year. This equates to only one arrest being made for every 88 instances of someone driving over the legal limit. Checkpoints have been found to reduce alcohol related accidents by 17 percent, but some believe that these checkpoints are improperly used because far more citations are issued for a broken taillight or driving without insurance than for a DUI.
The state and federal governments can only institute so many programs. The majority of the responsibility still lies with the driver. If you feel like you've had too much, don't drive. It's estimated that alcohol-involved crashes cost a total of $236 billion in 2015. A $40 Uber home (and again to get your car in the morning) or crashing on your friend's couch is far cheaper than the fines, court costs and jail time you could be faced with if you cause an accident while driving drunk.
Canada's national statistics agency has mapped the country's bars and taverns, revealing that it's easiest to find a drink in the major cities of Quebec and Atlantic Canada.
Ottawa?
It's the very picture of moderation.
Statistics Canada divided Canadian cities into five categories based on how many drinking establishments they had for every 10,000 people in their census metropolitan areas (CMAs). Ottawa-Gatineau was a mid-ranked city with 1.0 to 1.2 bars, taverns and nightclubs for every 10,000 people within its borders.
The study included only licensed establishments that earned the majority of their revenue from alcohol sales. It excluded full-service restaurants.
The cities of Montréal, Québec City, Sherbrooke, Trois-Rivières, Saint John, Moncton and St. John's all had more than twice as many drinking establishments for every 10,000 (2.0 to 3.3) as Ottawa. Kelowna was the only city in Western Canada in the same category.
In Ontario, St. Catharines-Niagara, Windsor, Sudbury and Kingston are the most drinker-friendly cities with 1.2 to 2.0 watering holes for every 10,000 people, according to Statistics Canada.
Ottawa was more well-watered than cities such as Toronto, Hamilton, London, Oshawa and Guelph, all of which had less than 1.0 drinking places for every 10,000.
The same map also showed that Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador were the provinces most heavily populated by bars and taverns on a per-capita basis.
Statistics Canada analyst Jamie Brunet produced the information map based on data collected as part of a national count of the country's businesses. He said the map has to be read with some caution since the data does not consider the size of a bar or tavern.
“Any differences could be saying as much about the kinds of drinking establishments in different places as much as anything else,” Brunet warned. “Maybe some places tend to have larger bars, or ones that are more often combined with restaurants.”
Still, the Statistics Canada map of bars and taverns squares with some previous studies of Canadian drinking habits. In July 2010, for instance, a study published in the Canadian Journal of Public Health revealed that Maritimers tended to drink more daily and binge more often than other Canadians. Drinkers in Quebec turn to wine more often than those in any other province.
According to the data table on which Statistics Canada's bar map is based, Canada has an average of 1.4 drinking establishments for every 10,000 people. Newfoundland and Labrabor (3.9), Quebec, (2.7) and New Brunswick (2.1) were the only provinces that topped the national average.
The rankings of cities with the most bars, taverns and brasseries reflect those numbers. According to Statistics Canada, the cities with the most bars by pop are Sherbrooke (3.2), St. John's (3.1), Trois-Rivières (2.8), Saguenay (2.8), Saint John (2.6), Moncton (2.4), Montréal (2.3), Québec City (2.0) and Kelowna (2.0).
Ottawa-Gatineau (1.1) had more bars and taverns for every 10,000 than some other major Canadian cities, such as Toronto (0.82), Winnipeg (0.99), Regina (0.99) and Calgary (0.88).
CLOSE Politicians, pundits and celebrities were quick to tweet their reaction to the video showing Donald Trump making vulgar remarks about women that was released Friday by The Washington Post.
Donald Trump is under fire for a new leaked tape in which he brags about groping women. (Photo11: Evan Vucci, AP)
Stars were quick to join the masses by weighing in on Donald Trump's latest scandal: A leaked 2005 tape of him joking with Today show anchor Billy Bush about being famous enough to freely sexually harass women.
In the video, obtained by The Washington Post, Trump boasts that as a "star," women let him do anything he wants and brags of kissing and groping women he's attracted to.
Trump graphically describes attempts to sleep with a married woman, telling Bush, then an Access Hollywood host, "I did try and f--- her," acknowledging he was unsuccessful. "I moved on her like a b---- but I couldn't get there," Trump says.
It got coarser from there. In the video, prior to Trump greeting a woman while visiting the set of Days of Our Lives, Trump says, "I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her," adding that he immediately starts kissing "beautiful" women when he encounters them.
Trump released the following statement: “This was locker room banter, a private conversation that took place many years ago," the GOP presidential nominee says. "Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course — not even close. I apologize if anyone was offended.”
Bush apologized and said he was embarrassed, in a statement he issued late Friday via NBCUniversal.
“Obviously I'm embarrassed and ashamed," the statement said. "It's no excuse, but this happened eleven years ago — I was younger, less mature, and acted foolishly in playing along. I'm very sorry.”
Meanwhile, here are some reactions from Hollywood:=
I never heard him "apologize" for talking to me & others about his family member's spouse, and especially her breasts. THIS IS WHO HE IS. https://t.co/W9RH1otj0t — ashley judd (@AshleyJudd) October 7, 2016
Trump and Bush. Talking about Nancy O'dell and then Arianne Zucker who are both friends of mine. Vulgar and Disgusting. — lisa rinna (@lisarinna) October 7, 2016
I'll just say it - only a small man (yup) says what's on #TrumpTapes - real men don't disparage women like that. @realDonaldTrump — Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) October 8, 2016
You don't have to have daughters or granddaughters to find Trump's comments repugnant. It's an odd, unnecessary qualifier. — John Legend (@johnlegend) October 8, 2016
Trump should be forced to have gender reassignment surgery, just for fun. He can find out what it's like to be on the other side of him. — Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) October 7, 2016
Donald Trump thinks "when you're a star" you "can do anything" to women? Well you can't make me vote for you, you misogynistic entitled pig. — Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) October 7, 2016
I'm voting Trump because I know he'd never say anything to embarrass me as a loyal fan. — Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) October 7, 2016
LADIES👑WE R NOT DISPOSABLE BLOW UP DOLLS,4RICH MENS PLEASURE.I HAD SCARY EXPERIENCE W/RICH IMPORTANT FILM PROD.& I WAS CHER‼️
I WANTED JOB😥 — Cher (@cher) October 7, 2016
TRUMP AUDIO "You can do anything to women if you're famous...I just grab her p****" Presidential? — Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) October 7, 2016
Trump literally just declared to a reporter that "No one respects women as much as me." So explain this, Donald. https://t.co/ISy38mjCgb — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) October 7, 2016
But in the case of @realDonaldTrump , an apology won't even suffice. I am disgusted and disturbed. — JoJo. (@iamjojo) October 8, 2016
He found a new basement! Wow! It's truly impressive! https://t.co/LNlxv3hvhD — Jesse Tyler Ferguson (@jessetyler) October 7, 2016
My heart breaks for the @nbcsnl writers who thought they were going home to their wives and children tonight. #TrumpTapes — Josh Gad (@joshgad) October 8, 2016
Contributing: Cooper Allen
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dSJltN
Belgium concluded their UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying Group 9 campaign with a comfortable win against ten-man Cyprus – although their hopes of a top-two finish remain in the balance.
Johan Walem's side kicked off level with Serbia on 13 points and one ahead of Italy but having played a game more than each. Belgium had taken only one point from their previous three qualifiers but made an early breakthrough in Larnaca when Youri Tielemans robbed Panos Theodorou and gave them a 13th-minute lead with a wonderful strike.
Belgium made the game safe with two more goals either side of the hour, Junior Malanda's header setting up Jason Denayer to make it two before Dennis Praet played in captain Paul-José Mpoku for No3. Cyprus' woes deepened in the 65th minute when Kostas Laifis was dismissed for a foul on Malanda, Michy Batshuayi scoring twice on the counterattack in the final 16 minutes and substitute Nathan Kabasele adding a volleyed sixth in added time as Belgium made their numerical advantage tell.
Italy's victory against Serbia later in the evening kept them a point behind Belgium, but both they and third-placed Serbia could overhaul Belgium on the final day of qualifying. Belgium can only watch the conclusion of Group 9 and will look to Cyprus for a favour as they travel to Italy on Tuesday.
Last week, Buncombe County Manager Wanda Greene‘s office ordered the removal of 17 newspaper boxes in front of the courthouse, claiming they were unsightly. The move, according to North Carolina Press Association attorney Amanda Martin, was illegal and violates of First Amendment protections on newspaper racks on public property.
The newspaper boxes after their removal. Photos by Jeff Tallman
“We removed them because they were just becoming quite unsightly,” Greene tells Xpress. “There were so many of them, and everyone who had a box there was contacted to pick their boxes up.”
Greene says she wasn't sure if the newspapers, including Xpress, were notified beforehand. According to Assistant Distribution Manager Jeff Tallman, the county gave no notice, and he first realized the boxes were missing on June 29.
“There's absolutely a First Amendment issue here. Newspapers have the right to be on public property,” Martin tells Xpress.”
Public agencies can establish guidelines for the “reasonable time, placement and manner of that right,” she adds. That authority covers incidents like removing boxes if they block a fire hydrant, but “they can't just unilaterally decide to do that because they're not pretty. It's illegal to do that.”
The sidewalk is overseen by the city of Asheville and the county. Greene notes she did not consult with the city before removing the boxes. After their removal, the boxes were placed next to a storage container off Valley Street.
(The former site of the newspaper boxes.)
“At least twice, the U.S. Supreme Court has recognized the importance of the distribution of news through newsracks, and public officials do not have the authority to unilaterally make the decision to remove newsracks from public property,” Martin adds.
The first of those decisions, 1988's City of Lakewood v. Plain Dealer Publishing Co., struck down a city ordinance that gave the mayor authority to decide where newspapers could place their racks. The second, 1993's City of Cincinnati v. Discovery Network, Inc., struck down a city rule requiring commercial publications to purchase a permit. Cities, the court found, could not discriminate between commercial and noncommercial publications on public property, nor place limits on the number of news racks.
County officials have yet to elaborate if they sought legal advice before making the decision, or what legal justifications they have for removing the boxes.
— David Forbes, senior news reporter
The article, titled "Take the Pledge: No More Indulging Porn," references former congressman Anthony Weiner's split from wife Huma Abedin following his latest sexting scandal.
Former Playboy model Pamela Anderson is asking men and women alike to stop consuming pornography.
In a new Wall Street Journal column co-written with rabbi-counselor Shmuley Boteach, the actress warns against the "addictive dangers of pornography" and uses former congressman Anthony Weiner's divorce from wife and longtime Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin as an example of the devastating effect porn consumption can have on those "closest to the addict."
Weiner and Abedin split shortly after the New York Post published a front-page story on Weiner's latest sexting scandal. He resigned from Congress in 2011 following his first sexting scandal and attempted to make a comeback by campaigning for New York City mayor, but a second scandal, which has been documented in the film Weiner, broke in 2013.
"This is a public hazard of unprecedented seriousness given how freely available, anonymously accessible and easily disseminated pornography is nowadays," the column reads. "How many families will suffer? How many marriages will implode? How many talented men will scrap their most important relationships and careers for a brief onanistic thrill?"
The op-ed compares porn addiction rates (between 50 percent and 99 percent among men) to those of marijuana (9 percent) and cocaine (15 percent) and relays data that shows that men have reported to have "less satisfactory intimate lives with their wives or girlfriends as a result."
"But it is a fair guess that whereas drug-dependency data are mostly stable, the incidence of porn addiction will only spiral as the children now being raised in an environment of wall-to-wall, digitized sexual images become adults inured to intimacy and in need of even greater graphic stimulation," the article states. "They are the crack babies of porn."
Read the article in full here.
Police arrested the 31-year-old man wanted in the fatal hit and run that killed a father of two on June 13.
Jonathan Jake Cardinal was taken into custody Monday morning after a foot chase with police.
Police say they received a report of a male passed out in a vehicle in the area of 86th Street and 106th Avenue. When police approached the vehicle, the man — who police later identified to be Cardinal — fled on foot.
Police later determined the vehicle he was in had been stolen.
Acting Staff Sgt. Scott Carter said Cardinal broke through a glass door of a nearby apartment while running away from police, cutting his arm and scalp in the process.
“He essentially dived through the patio door, hence the injuries are to his arm and to his scalp,” Carter said.
Cardinal then broke into a second apartment near 90th Street and Jasper Avenue before trying to hide, but was eventually found by a member of the Edmonton Police Canine Unit.
Claire Bennett witnessed part of the police chase.
“I saw this guy running really, really hard, very fast, desperately it seemed like, and screaming quite a bit,” Bennett said.
Cardinal's arrest a relief, say police
Police said Cardinal was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
EPS would not confirm if Cardinal was under the influence of drugs or alcohol when he was arrested, but did say he was carrying a drug suspected to be methamphetamine.
“I think we're all relieved that he's in custody and no longer poses any threat to the public,” said Carter.
Cardinal was wanted on Canada-wide warrants for manslaughter, criminal negligence causing death, failing to stop at the scene of an accident and theft over $5,000.
Adam Groves, 33, was killed June 13 trying to stop a thief from stealing his blue 2006 Dodge Ram truck outside his Rundle Park home. Police were already chasing the suspect when the man stole the vehicle.
Cardinal has no fixed address. He has at least 35 criminal convictions on his record and has spent the past 12 years in and out of jail.
Police said there are several charges pending against Cardinal.
They also said they do not believe ASIRT will be investigating the incident, as Cardinal's injuries sustained in the pursuit were "a result of his actions, not the actions of police."
North Korea's government fired another salvo of words Saturday, taking aim at President Donald Trump's remarks and warning that the "American empire will meet its tragic doom" if the Trump administration does not "talk and act properly."
The statement was issued through North Korea's state-run media, reports ABC News, and complained about strategic nuclear assets being introduced into the Korean peninsula area.
"Of late, the president and other riffraff of the U.S. are trumpeting about 'military option' against the DPRK, claiming that they 'will not rule out a war,'" the North Korean statement read. "Meanwhile, they introduce huge strategic nuclear assets into the Korean peninsula, staging reckless nuclear war games and rendering the regional situation extremely tense."
The statement was released on the heels of a telephone call between China's President Xi Jinping and Trump, in which the Chinese leader urged a peaceful resolution to the tensions, and for both sides to avoid strong statements or actions.
Xi's call came hours after Trump warned North Korea that the U.S. military is "locked and loaded," and as the Pentagon said the United States and South Korea plan to proceed with a joint military exercise in 10 days.
On Saturday, North Korea further accused the United States of "doing all sorts of wrongs" to its country, while "styling itself the 'only superpower' in the eyes of the world."
"Now it finds itself in an ever worsening dilemma, being thrown into the grip of extreme security unrest by the DPRK [Democratic People's Republic of Korea, North Korea's official name]. This is tragicomedy of its own making."
Further, North Korea declared its military is "capable of fighting any war the U.S. wants is now on the standby to launch fire into its mainland, waiting for an order of final attack."
On Friday, Trump himself had yet another warning for North Korea, which has threatened to launch attacks on Guam, where several U.S. military assets are located.
"If he utters one threat in the form of an overt threat — which, by the way, he has been uttering for years, and his family has been uttering for years — or if he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast," the president said.
Later in the day, he reassured residents of Guam to "believe me, they will be very safe. And if anything happens to Guam, there's going to be big, big trouble in North Korea."
India's Supreme Court has deferred hearing of a defamation case against the local unit of Google on whether it's liable for offensive comments posted by a user on Blogspot.com. The case has been in play for three years.
The case, originally filed by a Hyderabad-based construction company Visaka Industries, underscores growing concerns around Internet freedom in India and several grey areas in interpreting the Internet laws that could have an adverse impact on everybody from Google to Facebook and Twitter. A Google India official confirmed that the case will now be taken up after four weeks.
However, the laws in India are still unclear.
In 2009, India changed laws to hold Internet companies liable for any “offensive” content on their site. Basically, this means that the Internet companies such as Google, Facebook and Twitter can be held liable for any “offensive” comments posted by a user. Later, in December 2011, the Indian government asked Google and others to pre-screen user content and remove anything defamatory. The government also asked Google and other social media sites to delete any content deemed objectionable.
Since then, several users have been booked for Internet offenses. In 2012 for instance, police arrested two women in Mumbai for making “offensive remarks” against a politician on their Facebook pages.
The precedent isn't looking good for Google. In 2011, Google lost a case against Visaka in the High Court of Andhra Pradesh and appealed to the higher court saying it has no control on what users post.
Meanwhile, cases like these are making it even tougher for users and the Internet firms to interpret what's wrong and right. The consequences of any criminal proceedings can be really damaging for Google if held liable. As the WSJ noted, Google managers in India could face fines starting from around $1,600 and even life imprisonment if convicted.
In November last year, Google chairman Eric Schmidt even made an appeal to the Indian government to give up on Internet censorship. Schmidt had written a piece for the book “Reimagining India” by McKinsey.
India has been tightening its grip on social media using the 2008 Information Technology (Amendment) Act that allows increased censorship.
India also ranks quite low on Internet Freedom, according to this report by the Freedom House. The Freedom House adds that the Central Monitoring System, partly in place since April 2013, seeks to equip a range of agencies to monitor any electronic communication in real time, without informing the target or a judge. A bigger challenge facing users and Internet companies in India are that they can be held liable and even arrested for making any “offensive” comments on the web and social media.
This is how Freedom House describes the current state of Internet freedom in India.
A 2008 Information Technology Act amendment allowed officials to issue blocking orders to internet service providers (ISPs), outlining a procedure and protecting compliant companies from legal proceedings. But 2011 intermediary guidelines under the same Act introduced a different process, making companies liable to criminal penalties if they fail to delete or take down content which any individual flags as “offensive.”
Like many governments around the world, India too has been justifying these actions citing security threats. But the problem is lack of clarity on the IT Act's punitive section 66. “During the coverage period of this report, police arrested at least 11 people for social media posts—including tags, ‘likes' and closed group comments—under the section's vague ban on annoying, offensive, or menacing messaging,” the Freedom House said in its 2013 report.
If Google loses this case, it will be held accountable for criminal activities on its network. This will force Google and others including Facebook, Twitter to ensure monitoring of posts and comments all the time. This kind of tracking will be “humanly impossible”, according to a top executive at a large Internet company based in India.
To be sure, it could take few months after the Supreme Court starts hearing Google's plea for any judgement to be passed. But officials at Facebook, Twitter and Google are anxiously watching the developments as a test case for how to do business in fast-growing, developing markets like India.
PHOENIX (AP) Arizona Cardinals general manager Steve Keim has won NFL executive of the year honors.
The award, presented by Sporting News, was announced Monday at the league meetings.
Keim helped the Cardinals tie a franchise mark for victories (11) as they earned a wild-card berth in the NFC. They did so despite a slew of injuries: 21 players missed 109 games, and they finished the season with a third-string quarterback.
Article continues below ...
Their coach, Bruce Arians, was voted AP Coach of the Year.
Last year, Keim made 217 roster moves. Of the 53 players on the roster at the end of the season, 40 were acquired by Keim during his time as GM. That total includes 13 of the team's 16 draft picks in the last two years.
—
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
The focus on non-issues like 'love jihad' has dragged radicals like from the fringes to the mainstream
"Now, here's a Hindu girl waiting for her Muslim boyfriend," said Vijaykant Chauhan, as his associate shepherded a worried 14-year-old into the large cow shelter on Vande Mataram Chowk in this town. "She's been standing at the same spot on the road for half an hour; why else would she be here?"
At 36, Chauhan is thickly muscled, with 'Vande Mataram' tattooed on his chest, back, biceps and hands. He sports an upturned moustache and wears olive green army fatigues offset by a pair of blue and yellow Crocs, radiating the contentment that comes with a mid-career renaissance.
"I've been fighting 'love jihad' for decades," he said, pulling out a ledger stuffed with news clippings detailing his exploits, "Back then, everyone called me a lunatic, but now they listen to me."
Chauhan is not formally a member of the (BJP), but claims he works closely with it. "On Yogi Adityanath's birthday, I donated blood and organised 51 bottles of blood in his honour," he said, referring to the BJP's five-time MP from Gorakhpur, "Yogi Aditynath is an inspiration."
- or the apparent practice of young Muslim men allegedly seducing Hindu girls to convert to Islam - once existed on the outer-fringe of the political spectrum of revivalist Hindutva Now, it may have become the primary plank of the BJP's bid to win back 11 Vidhan Sabha seats in (UP) in a by- scheduled for this Saturday.
Chauhan, for his part, has tried everything to prevent and from befriending each other - processions, street brawls, night patrols and once filed false papers in a court of law - to prevent a Hindu woman from marrying her Muslim fiance. "I claimed to be her husband," he said, "But the girl filed an affidavit claiming she wanted to stay with the Muslim. She was brainwashed."
Now, Chauhan runs a cow shelter and occasionally rounds up young Hindu girls, like the one sitting before him, and sends them home with a stern warning not to consort with
This by-poll will not change the balance of power in the UP Assembly, but the outcomes are important for the three big political parties vying to form the government after the next state polls in 2017.
For the BJP, a strong performance on Saturday will cement its position as a durable force after winning a record 71 seats from UP in the general elections this summer. The party has nominated firebrand Hindutva leader, holy man and Gorkahpur riot-accused to consolidate the Hindu vote bank, by aligning UP's diverse castes behind a unified Hindu identity.
Adityanath has obliged by making a series of inflammatory, anti-Muslim public statements in rallies across UP, from Noida in the west to Varanasi in the east, that have earned him a showcause notice from the Commission of India.
For the (SP), they will reveal if the ruling party can regain control over its Yadav-Muslim base, fractured in the 2013
As the party in power, the SP is expected to leverage its control over the administration and police to ensure a strong showing. Failure, SP members admit, could shake the faith of partyworkers and drive them to the
"The issue is making it difficult for the SP and the to create Muslim votes with either the Yadavs (for the SP) or the Dalits [for the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)]," said a local leader, speaking off the record, "It is uniting to protect their daughters."
The SP accused of fomenting the tension in the months preceding the Muzaffarnagar riots, has responded by nominating a Muslim candidate in only one of the 11 seats; the remaining ones are all Hindu.
Yet, evidence on the ground suggests it will be years before Uttar Pradesh's ruptured social fabric repairs itself.
Last week, the Muzaffarnagar administration organised a 'religious harmony' function to commemorate one year of the "Schoolchildren were supposed to form a human chain to illustrate communal harmony," said an organiser, "But local and activists said they would not let Hindu girls hold hands with Muslim boys."
The function, the organiser said, was to end with a poetry reading. "But we made the mistake of calling it a Mushaira," said the organiser, "which prompted the Hindutva groups to insist we call it a Kavi Sammelan. So, we just cancelled everything."
By sitting out this election, Mayawati's appears to have bought time to assess how to negotiate UP's changed realities. "Behenji told us the SP government could fall at any point, so we should focus on the state-level polls," said a worker. In the interim, the worker said, the party was focusing on building support among the and Dalits.
To this end, BSP workers seem to have reached out to Muslims too afraid to return to their homes after they were displaced in the of 2013.
In Panjit, in the Shamli district, Mohammed Akhlakh, the village headman and BSP worker, has worked with his community to earmark about 20 acres of private land to be sold for between Rs 100 and Rs 200 per square foot for settling riot-affected Muslims.
"Riot affected families can buy the land for as little as Rs 5,000 up front and then pay the rest in instalments," said Akhlakh, who insisted that this was a community initiative in his capacity as a community leader rather than a political personage. This correspondent met at least two other BSP workers who were connecting displaced Muslims with riot-relief organisations.
"After Muzaffarnagar, we lost all faith in the Samajwadi Party," said Jamil Ahmed, a former pradhan from Dhabeli, where homes are being built for displaced Muslims, "SP leaders also played their part in the riots. So, we will see what to do."
In the longer term, it is unclear how the resettlement of Muslims from mixed-neighbourhoods to homogenous settlements will affect the political dynamics of western UP.
"There are two factors behind Muslim migration. The push factor of communalism, and the pull factor of better wages in the towns," said academic and farmer activist Professor Sudhir Panwar from Lucknow University, "After the riots, Muslims have moved from Hindu majority villages to the fringes of towns like Kairana that have a significant Muslim presence."
The recent riots and the love jihad" narrative, Panwar said, had created a situation where both communities felt like victims of each other, "This will mean that both communities shall move away from political movements and towards religious figures."
Vijaykant Chauhan, in the meantime, is pleased with his return to relevance. "We have four pillars of strength," he said, "Our cows, our temple, our ancient culture and our girls."
As defined, it wouldn't cover a hacking attack like one against the Office of Personnel Management -- and that officials have blamed China for -- but would extend to ones that hit Google and others in 2010, or Anthem earlier this year. There's no word on how the agreement would (or could) be enforced, or if it will further slow the pace of recent attacks. Responding to questions, Obama described the deal as "progress," and mentioned the threat of sanctions on individuals or entities behind attacks. While we wait to see if these rules have any impact, Obama indicated that the US and China, along with other world powers, will continue working to develop an architecture to govern cyberwarfare that is enforceable and clear.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: Okay, we're going to take a few questions. We're going to start with Margaret Talev of Bloomberg.
Q Thank you, Mr. President. President Obama and President Xi, I'd like to talk to you about cyber. If I am an American business and I'm being hacked by Chinese pirates who are trying to steal my intellectual property, what firm assurances can you give us today that things are going to get better, and when?
President Obama, are you satisfied enough about the steps that China is taking to hold off on imposing any new sanctions to this end? Or what do you still need to see?
And, President Xi, could we expect prosecutions of Chinese people and organizations who have hacked American businesses? And if the U.S. did sanction anyone in China, would you respond with sanctions?
PRESIDENT OBAMA: I'll take them in order. With respect to cyber, this has been a serious discussion between myself and President Xi since we first met in Sunnylands. And the good news, from my perspective, is, is that in the lead-up to and then finalized during our meetings here today, we have, I think, made significant progress in agreeing to how our law enforcement and investigators are going to work together, how we're going to exchange information, how we are going to go after individuals or entities who are engaging in cyber-crimes or cyber-attacks. And we have jointly affirmed the principle that governments don't engage in cyber-espionage for commercial gain against companies. That all I consider to be progress.
What I've said to President Xi and what I say to the American people is the question now is, are words followed by actions. And we will be watching carefully to make an assessment as to whether progress has been made in this area.
With respect to the various tools that we have to go after those who are attacking our companies or trying to extract trade secrets or data, we have traditional law enforcement tools, but -- as I indicated a while back -- through executive action, I've also instituted the ability to impose sanctions on individuals or entities where we have proof that they've gone after U.S. companies or U.S. persons.
And we did not, at our level, have specific discussions of specific cases. But I did indicate to President Xi that we will apply those and whatever other tools we have in our toolkit to go after cyber criminals, either retrospectively or prospectively. Those are tools generally that are not directed at governments; they are directed at entities or individuals that we can identify. And they're not unique to China. Those are tools that we're going to be using for cyber criminals around the world.
And President Xi, during these discussions, indicated to me that, with 1.3 billion people, he can't guarantee the behavior of every single person on Chinese soil -- which I completely understand. I can't guarantee the actions of every single American. What I can guarantee, though, and what I'm hoping President Xi will show me, is that we are not sponsoring these activities, and that when it comes to our attention that non-governmental entities or individuals are engaging in this stuff, that we take it seriously and we're cooperating to enforce the law.
The last point I'll make on the cyber issue -- because this is a global problem, and because, unlike some of the other areas of international cooperation, the rules in this area are not well developed, I think it's going to very important for the United States and China, working with other nations and the United Nations and other -- and the private sector, to start developing an architecture to govern behavior in cyberspace that is enforceable and clear.
It doesn't mean that we're going it prevent every cyber-crime, but it does start to serve as a template whereby countries know what the rules are, they're held accountable, and we're able to jointly go after non-state actors in this area.
PRESIDENT XI: (As interpreted.) Madam reporter has raised the cybersecurity issue. Indeed, at current, for the international community and for China and the United States, this is an issue all attach great importance to. With President Obama and I have on many occasions -- and this is a long history -- have exchange of views on this. I think it's fair to say we've reached a lot of consensus on cybersecurity, including some new consensus.
Overall, the United States is the strongest country in terms of cyber strength. China is the world's biggest cyber country in terms of the number of Web users. We have more than 600 million of netizens. Our two sides should cooperate because cooperation will benefit both, and confrontation will lead to losses on both sides. We are entirely able to carry out government department and expert levels of dialogue and exchanges to strengthen our cooperation in many respects and turn the cybersecurity between the two countries into a new growth source, rather than a point of confrontation between the two sides.
China strongly opposes and combats the theft of commercial secrets and other kinds of hacking attacks. The U.S. side, if it has concerns in this respect, we can, through the exiting channels, express those concerns. The Chinese side will take seriously the U.S. provision of any information. Now, we have already, and in the future, we will still, through the law enforcement authorities, maintain communication and coordination on this matter, and appropriately address them.
So, all in all, we have broad, common interest in the field of the cyber. But we need to strengthen cooperation and avoid leading to confrontation. And nor should we politicize this issue. During my current visit, I think it's fair to say that the two sides, concerning combatting cyber-crimes, have reached a lot of consensus. Going forward, we need to, at an early date, reach further agreement on them and further put them on the ground.
Thank you.
From a reader:
I have searched high and low. When is it permissible for priests to celebrate the Novus Ordo (Editio Typica) in Latin in the U.S.? Is the permission of the local bishop needed?
I am always surprised when this comes up. I am always not surprised when this comes up. In the name of the Council so many falsehoods were perpetrated.
Priests of the Latin Church don't need permission to say Mass in Latin. Latin is the official language of the Latin Rite.
The 1983 Code of Canon Law says, first, that Mass is to be celebrated in Latin, and then, or in other approved languages.
The Council's document on liturgy, Sacrosanctum Concilium, says that the Latin language is to be preserved.
Contrary to the LIE that Latin was forbidden or that special permission is required, Sacrosanctum Concilium 54 requires that pastors of souls teach their flocks to sing and respond in Latin and their mother tongue.
Tonight's Riverdale mid-season finale may not have been as clear-cut as Sheriff Keller would like you to believe—so stop reading now if you haven't seen the episode yet. Spoilers ahead...
If you were let down by the "reveal" that the school janitor, Mr. Svenson (a.k.a. Joseph Conway), is the Black Hood, then we have some good news: It may not be him. So if you thought that the whole scene on the bridge didn't seem right, you're not alone. After all, why would a character who was introduced only a few episodes ago end up being the man responsible for terrorizing Riverdale and Greendale? And what was up with that last scene, when Betty burned all evidence of the Black Hood except for her own hooded mask?
Lili Reinhart understands why you'd be confused. In fact, she wasn't even sold on the idea that Svenson was the Black Hood when she read the script. "I don't think the mystery is completely solved just yet," she tells us. "There are a lot of questions behind the motive." We had a lot of questions for Lili as well, who was more than gracious to explain everything—well, almost. Read on.
Spill it, Lili! I don't know what to think after that last scene.
Lili Reinhart: [Laughs.] There are a lot of cliffhangers. Even at the end of the episode, things don't really feel resolved. Things don't feel right. At least for me watching it, you don't feel like the mystery was solved; like, there's still some deep, dark, unspoken mystery going on—and that's intriguing. There are a lot of questions.
Exactly. You think, Is it really Svenson, or is there more to the Black Hood mystery? Because what motive would Svenson have for shooting Fred Andrews?
LR: Right. If you're thinking about why Svenson would do that, it would be because he just has a vendetta against the town. I mean, one must have a really big grudge on Fred. Fred wasn't necessarily doing anything wrong [when he had a thing with Hermione]. He wasn't with his wife anymore. I think there are a lot of questions behind the motive, and that's what makes you question whether that was really the Black Hood or not.
When did you find out who the Black Hood was? And when you did find out—at least up until this episode—were you surprised?
LR: I found out when I got the script. Obviously, Svenson wasn't even a character [on Riverdale] until episode seven, so you didn't even know who this person was [until then]. So there was no way you could have predicted that. But even shooting the episode…I do think that Svenson wasn't really the Black Hood, and that the situation is not really over. I think there's much more to it, whatever it may be. I don't think the Black Hood mystery is completely solved just yet.
Interesting.
LR: I've seen so many theories of who people think it is, but I honestly don't know! I don't think the mystery has been solved yet.
Katie Yu
There's so much to unpack in every episode that you need a flow chart. Is it hard to keep track of every development?
LR: Well, to me it's kind of easier because I'm mostly focused on Betty's storyline. Betty doesn't really know what's going on with Hiram and the Lodges, for instance. So in my mind, it helps to not focus too much on storylines outside of Betty. If she doesn't know, I don't necessarily want to know either. I don't want that to infiltrate through my acting with any of the other characters and have knowledge my character doesn't. I have to remind myself, "Oh, Betty doesn't even know about that." Sometimes it's OK to be a little left in the dark and to focus on my stuff rather than everyone else's. We all read the scripts when we have our table reads, but when I go back and read again I focus on my part and let the others slip out of my mind to be more focused and in tune with what Betty has going on.
Scientists have long believed that the moon formed as a result of a collision between the early Earth and a smaller planet, but computer models of the giant impact have always predicted the wrong composition for the moon. Now, researchers at Harvard University and the SETI Institute are proposing a new spin on the giant-impact model to match the observed composition of the moon.
The previous giant-impact models held that a small planet, Theia, hit the Earth, sending a cloud of debris from Theia into orbit that formed the moon. But the chemistry of the moon matches that of the Earth. Now, Sarah T. Stewart, a professor in Harvard's Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, and her SETI colleague Matija Ćuk propose a new model in which pieces of the Earth broke off and formed the moon.
The researchers present a dynamic model of their theory, based on the results of chemical analyses of isotopes from the Earth and moon, in a paper published online today in the journal Science. The results are also being presented this week at the 44th meeting of the American Astronomical Society (AAS) Division for Planetary Sciences in Reno, Nev.
Additionally, Stewart and Ćuk propose that prior to the collision and creation of the moon, the Earth was spinning much faster than it does now, and had a day that was only two to three hours long.
Many scientists believe that Earth itself emerged from a series of giant impacts. These impacts would have made the early Earth spin near its stability limit of about two hours per revolution. The last giant impact, they believe, formed a moon that is a twin of the Earth. Stewart and Ćuk posit that when the giant impact occurred between Theia and the fast-spinning Earth, the high speed of the Earth's spin caused the ejection of material from Earth into orbit. They believe that the ejected material formed a moon with chemical composition similar to Earth. After the impact, the rapidly rotating Earth was slowed down by the gravitational interaction between the sun and the moon.
In the animation, Earth and the smaller planet that hit Earth, named Theia, are represented by many particles with a fixed mass, shown as small balls. The color of the ball indicates the material: iron cores and rocky mantles. Before the impact, Earth's shape is an oblate spheroid because the day is only 2.3 hours long. Video by Sarah T. Stewart
Previous giant-impact models could match the size of the moon and the present angular momentum of the Earth and moon, but did not explain the similar chemistry of the Earth and moon. But the new theory, with the discovery of a mechanism to slow the spin of the Earth after the impact, explains how a giant impact with a fast-spinning Earth could have resulted in a moon with a similar chemical composition.
As part of their dynamic model, Ćuk and Stewart found that a resonance between Earth's orbit around the sun and the moon's orbit around Earth can pass angular momentum to the sun. Furthermore, Ćuk and Stewart showed that if the Earth was fast-spinning before the impact, then a giant collision could eject enough Earth material into orbit to make the moon.
Today, tides between the Earth and moon both slow Earth's rotation and push the moon's orbit further away. But the total angular momentum of the system is conserved. The finding is significant because without a fast-spinning Earth preceding impact, “a giant impact could not make the moon originate from the Earth's mantle with today's angular momentum,” said Stewart.
The origin of the moon had been called into question by isotope analyses of material from Earth and the moon. The isotope signatures of celestial bodies differ greatly and often are used to “fingerprint” different planets and meteorite groups. The data show that the Earth and moon are isotopic twins, a contradiction to the moon-origin story from the original giant-impact model. If the original model were correct, then the moon should have had a different isotopic fingerprint from the Earth.
Nineteenth-century scientists speculated about a fast-spinning early Earth. George H. Darwin, son of biologist Charles Darwin, studied the relationship between tides and the moon. In 1879, he suggested that the moon formed by fission from the Earth, but he did not know how early Earth might have being spinning so quickly.
A similar dynamic model for a great impact, resulting in the formation of the moon from Earth material, is described in a second paper in the same issue of Science. This alternative dynamic model is presented by Robin Canup of the Southwest Research Institute (SwRI).
Stewart and Ćuk's work was funded by NASA's Origins of Solar Systems program and used the Odyssey cluster supported by the Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences (FAS) Research Computing Group.
Harvard writer B. D. Colen and correspondent Jacqueline Sly contributed to this report.
President Trump disputes key elements of former FBI Director James Comey's Senate testimony, sources close to the president tell Fox News.
Minutes before Comey began testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee, sources said Trump has reviewed his prepared remarks and disputes claims that he sought “loyalty” from Comey and pressed him to lay off former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
He “did not say it,” a source said, adding, the “language used was not remotely close.”
One of the key details of Comey's testimony concerns a Jan. 27 dinner where Comey claims Trump told him, “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.”
He also said Trump told him in a subsequent meeting that he hoped Comey could “let this go” with regard to any investigation of Flynn.
A White House source also confirmed that Trump's legal team and senior aides are watching Comey's testimony from the president's personal dining room near the Oval Office.
Only the attorneys were expected to be watching.
Eskom CEO Tshediso Matona on Monday told stakeholders that one unexpected event at any of its power stations could push the country to the total failure of the national electricity system that may take weeks to resolve.
Eskom previously said it might take two weeks to restart the electricity system, should a national black-out occur.
Matona also said load shedding could be expected from next week, according to Christo van der Rheede, CEO of the Afrikaanse Handelsinstituut, who attended the meeting.
In reaction, Professor Raymond Parsons from the North West University Business School said whether Eskom could keep the lights on in the period ahead would be critical for the country's economic prospects in 2015.
“Business people need the assurance, not only that production will not be again seriously disrupted as industry and commerce reopen this month after the holidays, but also for investors who need to have certainty if they are to commit themselves to the SA economy in the long term,” Professor Parsons said.
The two-hour high level meeting on Monday afternoon was attended by about 100 representatives fom business, several consultancy firms and organised agriculture, said Henk van de Graaf, assistant executive manager of agricultural body TLU SA, who was in attendance. Apart from Matona, the meeting was also addressed by Eskom chair Zola Tsotsi and attended by members of the board and the whole Eskom executive.
The media was not invited.
Matona repeated his earlier statements that Eskom is not in a crisis, because the organisation is functional but in the next breath he said we were facing a national emergency, Van der Rheede commented. “How can you say the organisation is not in a crisis, but you cannot supply your product?” he asked.
“Basically it seems they are all on their knees every evening, praying that there is enough electricity,” Van der Rheede said.
Matona told the delegates that the diesel budget was depleted and Eskom was hoping for money from government “but they are not collecting [from] their municipal debtors,” said Van der Rheede.
He said it was the same government in charge of the non-paying municipalities and asked when this government was going to clamp down on them.
Van de Graaf said according to a calendar shown to delegates, power failures [are possible] from middle January, the whole of February, March and April.
“We are concerned, because [for] farmers who rely on irrigation for growing cash crops, especially vegetables … the whole cold chain is dependent on electricity and if it cannot be preserved, the consumer will be affected.”
Van de Graaf also questioned why farmers who do not pay their full Eskom account are being disconnected, but there are no consequences for municipalities that fail to pay. He said Eskom representatives could not give a clear answer.
“We told them, whatever the name of your customer, you have to collect [from] your debtors.”
Matona told the meeting that Eskom's interim profit of R9.3 billion will be wiped out in the second half and a mere R500 million profit is being projected for FY2014/15.
“I got the impression Eskom was giving us the facts as they are, and that we appreciate,” Van de Graaf said.
Vusi Khumalo, president of the South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Sacci), who also attended the meeting, said Sacci will canvas ideas from its members to mitigate the risk of a total blackout and take it back to Eskom. Members will focus on alternative energy sources and plans to conserve energy, he said.
He added that while the picture is bleak, Eskom has plans to minimise the risks. He said Eskom made it clear that there is a high probability for load shedding from next week until the end of April. Khumalo said while it will still be damaging to businesses, Sacci hopes that load shedding can be limited to weekends.
“The sum total is that this problem is much bigger than Eskom. It is a country problem,” Khumalo said. He appealed to business formations to educate members on the current state of affairs and called on all South Africans to stand together to avert the risk of a total national blackout.
Parsons said the prolonged uncertainty around the energy outlook in SA is beginning to have a corrosive effect on investor confidence and the overall situation at the beginning of 2015 needs to be addressed at the highest level.
He called on the ‘war room' on Eskom, created by the Cabinet last month to manage the Eskom emergency, to issue a statement on what remedial steps are being taken to rectify the short-term situation, to stabilise Eskom finances and to limit the damage which expectations of further power failures will do to business confidence.
“Already the SACCI Business Confidence Index for December 2014 released last week showed a sharp drop largely attributable to business concerns around the impact of power supply problems and load-shedding on the economy in the recent past,” Parsons said.
In its system bulletin sent out on Monday, Eskom forecast the following supply and demand for the week:
Eskom system bulletin from Monday, 12 January 2015
Republished with permission from MoneyWeb.
More Eskom load shedding news
We might have to implement load shedding: Eskom
Eskom power cuts cause manufacturing decline
Eskom hopes to avoid rolling blackouts
Eskom must sort out its problems: Finance minister
Eskom is 21 days from going broke
“Would you allow your unmarried daughters to live alone in their own apartments in Cairo?” This was the question asked by American journalist Milton Viorst to the late Naguib Mahfouz in the 1990s. The legendary Arab novelist replied that such a circumstance would not be acceptable, as it simply would not look right.
Mahfouz did not invoke a financial, safety, or even religious motive to underpin his reasoning—in effect, he made the “what would people say?” argument, which permeates Egyptian society and holds hostage any and all statements and actions to the court of public opinion, consequently warping people's reasoning.
In light of the increasing harassment of bearded men in Egypt, I called a relative of mine out of concern for his safety. His first response to my inquiries was, “Can you imagine what the Americans and British are saying about us now?” He found this conjecture to be a more pressing issue than his personal safety and the safety of others. Indeed, every relative with whom I speak cannot help but ask, “What is the West saying about us? Make sure you tell them the truth!”—as if I had a monopoly on the information coming out of Egypt (and the rest of the world had no access to the Internet).
A sort of obsessive-compulsive public-image disorder is sufficiently widespread that it crosses social and class lines in Egypt. At the heart of everyday decision making lies the anxiety of what society may think rather than any consideration of the merits involved. This hyper-sensitivity to public opinion is present on multiple levels, ranging from how society will judge the individual to how the international community will judge Egypt. For the latter, this sensitivity is in no way a constructive one that encourages appropriate responses, such as tackling sexual harassment and human rights abuses. Instead, it combines with an entrenched political and social schizophrenia, leading to a pattern of denials, conspiracy accusations, and selective historical reminders whenever sensitive topics are discussed –“Did you not know that Egypt loaned money to Great Britain during World War Two? Or that Egypt used to provide the Kiswah (covering cloth) for the Kaaba in Mecca?” There is an accordingly disoriented sense of priorities for the state and individual.
You would think that the deaths of protestors would lead to the prosecution, if not at least the resignation, of the responsible public officials. To the regime, however, such deaths are not as serious as December's banner fiasco, which marred the promotion of Egypt's new constitution by featuring foreign, stock-image faces and an Arabic spelling mistake. This public relations embarrassment before the world saw State Information Service head Amgad Abdel-Ghaffar resigning and the designer of the banner being “penalized.” Yet, the Interior Minister is still in his position. Banners, clearly, make Egypt look bad—arrests and killings do not.
Such a climate transforms Egypt's political sphere into a theatre of the absurd, enabling the recent, extraordinary scandal of the military “invention” that allegedly cures Hepatitis C and AIDS. This worrying development is a reflection of the authorities shifting into desperation mode, trying to improve their image by demonstrating any sort of unprovable achievement. This is so even though it comes at the expense of damaging the reputation of Egyptian doctors and scientists and, worst of all, giving false hope to millions of impoverished patients across the country who are unlikely to see through the political smokescreen.
What about the world?
One of the most common tactics to justify the public image disorder is to employ the logical fallacy of tu quoque, Latin for “you, too,” which has become increasingly rife in everyday language. Criticism, constructive or not, when levelled at Egyptian policies or social ills, is rejected solely on the basis of the critic's perceived inconsistency, not the argument or position itself. While many critics of Egyptian matters may indeed be hypocritical and inconsistent, this form of ad hominem attack still does not invalidate their arguments.
Following the horrific 1997 Luxor massacre, which saw 62 people, primarily tourists, killed, an Egyptian official came out before the international press, grinding his teeth and insisting that this happens everywhere else in the world. Such is the function of the time-honored deflection of responsibility that we still hear daily—“It happens around the world, not just in Egypt!”
Sexual harassment rampant in Egypt? That is fine, it happens in India too. Buildings and bridges collapsing in Alexandria and Cairo? Not to worry, Bangladesh has it worse. Pollution choking Egypt's capital? Have you even seen Beijing? Foreign journalists illegally incarcerated in Tora prison? What about Guantanamo? Was that a massacre of a couple of hundred demonstrators in Rabaa? Well, it's our war on terrorism, just like yours.
Egypt might be burning, but the only response it seems to have is to deflect attention away from the flames. Tu quoque or not, it is clear by now that reason and logical arguments have been pushed to the margins of political discourse in an Egypt where a stork and muppet can be investigated for conspiracy, terrorism and espionage.
The politics of visual piety
The public image disorder can also be seen in the way that religion plays a powerful role in Egyptian society and the value attached to being seen to adhere to religious norms reflects the society's abiding concern for what others may say.
Once, while attending the Friday sermon at a Cairo mosque, I heard the imam express disappointment that youth were not attending the fajr (dawn) prayer. After a number of conversations with the devout who were not in attendance, it did not take me long to figure out that, apart from the stay-up-and-sleep-in behavior common to the Egyptian lifestyle, the societal incentive to be seen attending the fajr prayer is significantly less than that which is attached to the weekly, congregational Friday prayer, an event that not even a bank robber would miss.
This is neither to dismiss genuine convictions nor to deny the fact that Friday prayers—in the congregational manner—are considered obligatory in Islam. Rather, it is to show that the social element attached to public displays of devotion is so overwhelming that it skews the degree of religiosity in Egypt, widening the gap between beliefs, statements, and actions.
The rule of former President Hosni Mubarak gutted the official political-administrative sphere, and the religious sphere grew in scale as a form of societal empowerment and opposition. Women increasingly donned the veil, the zabiba (a mark on a Muslim man's forehead from frequent prostration) mysteriously proliferated, and the crucifix became more prominent on Copts. This phenomenon at least partly explains why the Muslim Brotherhood confused Islam with Islamism and believed that their form of identity politics could just be rammed through the public sphere without any semblance of negotiation
Women, religious or not, receive the harshest judgements regarding personal dress, whereabouts, and life decisions in general. Every deviation from the behavior associated with that of a mohtarama, or a “respectable woman,” is discouraged by families concerned by the social impact of what people may say about her.
Since the revolution, there has been a growing trend of Muslim women removing their veils. Those with whom I have spoken largely argue that they have neither become any less religious nor comprised their principles, and they stress the freedom element involved in the decision to wear the veil. Strangely enough, these women are not admonished with “God will disapprove” statements; they instead encounter responses focused on society. One young woman who had recently removed the veil remarked, “I lost so many friends who felt that I was letting them down, that I was no longer the person they thought I was. The public was unforgiving; they had certain expectations of me that were defeated.” Equally, it is not unusual for women who wear the veil to receive compliments and criticisms that revolve around fickle public opinion, not divine ordainments.
The state's extreme makeover
However, there is a deeper and more sinister side to this disorder. Inevitably, as national image becomes conflated with national security, this disproportionate concern with perception over reality helps to pave the way for public policy to effortlessly make inroads into the private social sphere. Taking advantage of a public already well-practiced in focusing on social perceptions, the state sets the tone of this self-image affliction by accusing its “opponents” of nonsensical crimes such as “spreading false news,” “damaging Egypt's image abroad,” “insulting the judiciary,” and “breaching national trust.” Looking at the names of these “crimes,” it is almost as if the Egyptian state has feelings that are easily hurt.
Egyptian's private spheres are continually violated rather than protected, particularly with regard to bodily integrity such as an individual's safety, privacy, religious freedom, liberty, and protection from arbitrary arrest and detention. This is a key factor behind the establishment of Hossam Bahgat's Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights, human rights in Egypt have largely focused on the public sphere, not the personal sphere (and even in the former, they are struggling against a rising tide of state authority). The private sphere is where one experiences everything from silent violations, like one's religion being placed on national ID cards, to the more menacing trend of neighbors ratting out neighbors to the authorities—your business is everyone's business when your actions are seen to reflect on the state.
As with many problems, one may need return to childhood for an answer. Here, the 1971 collection “The Black Prince and other Egyptian Folk Tales,” by Ahmed and Zane Zagloul, may have the answer.
In one of the stories, a father decided to teach his son a valuable lesson due to the son's frequent response of “what would people say?” in regards to his father's disciplining him. The father mounted a donkey and told his son to follow along on foot in the marketplace. The crowds immediately responded: “Do you have a rock instead of a heart, you merciless man? How do you have the shamelessness to ride while that poor boy of yours runs along behind?”
So they switched places, with the father now following the boy and donkey on foot. An old man yelled out: “I do declare! If that ain't the way to bring up an ingrate. Yes sir-ree, if you want no respect from your boy, that's the way to get it…What are fathers made of these days, I'd like to know?” Finally, they both mount the donkey only to be jeered at by more onlookers who are never happy with whatever the father and son do. The ending sees two police officers taking the father and son first to the police station, then to the madhouse. “This, my son,” the father says, “is the result of troubling yourself over what other people would say.”
Egypt's own written traditions scream against the excessive “what would people say?” syndrome, as it compromises one's integrity and leads to actions that are not reflective of an individual's true self. It shuts down debate, separates one from exposure to new ideas to improve the human condition, renders self-expression perilous, and makes hypocrisy and double-standards into accepted norms. The end result is a society that is living a lie as the world moves on, with or without Egypt.
Now vs. Then
Dr. Nawal el-Messeri Nadim did her dissertation on Mahfouz's Sugar Street. She makes the case that, in Egypt's culture of the alleys, what people think of you trumps your individual achievements. That is to say, an alley-dweller is not just a person; he or she is part of a social network that is final arbiter of his or her value.
Yet, one of the Egyptian revolution's secondary goals has been to break this kind of social network, particularly its harmful elements. Despite the revolution's apparent regression, it has had remarkable success in the cultural arena, which has witnessed a massive expansion in the space that is open for creativity, from new forms of street art to the wide popularity of satirist Bassem Youssef. Such openings reflect a force against which the state will have to reckon.
It will be some time before the public space renegotiates the question from “what would people say?” to “what would the future say?” Historians studying the current period in Egyptian history will undoubtedly find its events beyond description and understanding.
One only hopes that the obsessive-compulsive image disorder, along with the many other disorders that are a part of this increasingly fascist-leaning environment that is pushing people into the folktale's madhouse, burns out before it burns the rest of the country with it.
Johannesburg - Terror claims by an East African businessman living in South Africa are said to be behind the security alert issued by the United States Embassy in Pretoria over the weekend.
A source with access to South African intelligence said, however, that the businessman was believed by South Africa to be a "discredited" informer who was only after the money he'd be paid for the information.
South African authorities appear to be taking the threat less seriously than the US government, as the State Security Minister David Mahlobo delayed his response to the American alert by more than a day - and then downplayed it by saying there was no need to panic.
Mahlobo on Monday said that SA security services "have liaised with the Americans on the concerns they have and these engagements will continue as part of the ongoing work".
He added: "It is the responsibility of the South African security forces to ensure that all people within our territory are and feel safe.
"We remain a strong and stable democratic country and there is no immediate danger posed by the alert."
Alerts
The US said in its alert that it had received information that radical Islamic terrorist groups were planning to attack "places where US citizens congregate in South Africa, such as upscale shopping areas and malls in Johannesburg and Cape Town" ahead of Ramadan, which starts on Tuesday.
Both the United Kingdom and Australia updated their travel advisories to citizens on Monday, but they did not caution against travel to South Africa.
It is believed that they acted as a result of the US alert and did not get additional information.
Africa Director for the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium (TRAC) Jasmine Opperman said the alerts were clearly from the same source.
"What is noteworthy is the alerts are directed to their citizens, which clearly indicates that they are importing their threats of direct attacks onto South African soil."
Asked what purpose the terror alert and advisories serve, she said: “It is a play-it-safe tactic so when an attack should happen, they can claim to have done early warning to their citizens.
"These statements are more reflective of our counter-terrorism approach and ability to protect their citizens."
'No indication of planned attacks'
Opperman, however, said that there "is simply no indication of Islamic State cell structure presence or planned attacks" in South Africa, and that while South Africa should not take the terror alert lightly, it should not "allow such statements to dictate its counter-terror strategy".
She said more practical steps should be taken to upgrade security at tourist resorts and malls, without having to wait for foreign embassies to make statements.
The US government distinguishes, on its information websites, between issuing a travel warning (when there are frequent terrorist attacks or instability in a country, for instance Somalia) and travel alerts (for short-term events in a country, such as elections, an outbreak of bird flu, or evidence of an elevated risk of terrorist attacks, for instance in Europe at the moment).
The security message that it issued on Saturday was neither of these, but rather a security message from the embassy, which contains information about "personal security threats of a general or systemic nature, such as crime trends, demonstrations, peaceful actions intended to disrupt normal activity, or localised events not likely to affect large numbers of US citizens".
US Embassy spokesperson Cynthia Harvey told News24 on Tuesday that the embassy "cannot comment on intelligence matters". She gave reassurances, however, that "we are working closely with local authorities".
State Security spokesperson Brian Dube said: "At this stage, we are not in a position to reveal the intelligence being worked on."
Roman Abramovich can buy all the Francis Bacons and Lucian Freuds he wants, but he will never spend £24m better than he spent it on Didier Drogba eight years ago. If this was indeed the great Ivorian's last match in a Chelsea shirt, then what a way he chose to go. Having pulled Chelsea back from the brink of disaster with a goal two minutes before the end of normal time, Drogba converted the penalty that gave them victory at the conclusion of a shootout that had seemed, inexorably and excruciatingly, to be going their opponents' way.
In between times, Drogba had threatened to plunge his side and their supporters into terminal gloom by committing a wholly unnecessary foul on Franck Ribéry inside the Chelsea area early in the first period of extra time. Luckily for him, Petr Cech made a brilliant stop from their old teammate Arjen Robben. To finish off the night, it was Drogba who placed the trophy in the hands of Abramovich. The Russian billionaire must surely feel that, at last, he has got what he paid for.
And another sort of justice was served here in Munich. More than half a century after the myopic blazers of the Football Association and the Football League denied Roy Bentley's team the chance, as the champions of England in 1954-55, to take part in the first edition of the European Cup, their descendants made Chelsea the first London club to hold the most precious of titles. No one could say they did not fight for it, in conditions that hardly conspired to assist them.
Before the kick-off, Bayern's fans had unveiled a huge banner of the European Cup, along with a set of giant messages: UNSER STADT, UNSER STADION, UNSER POKAL ("our town, our stadium, our cup"). It was a graceless statement from a side enjoying home advantage, and Chelsea approached the match like men determined to ram their opponents' assumptions down their throats, forcing them to endure a series of ordeals: first by exasperation, then by penalties.
For 83 minutes, until Thomas Müller stole in behind Ashley Cole to apply his head to Ribéry's cross, it worked. And then, instead of folding in the face of such a calamity, Chelsea struck back with the sort of majestic blow that Drogba seems to reserve for such occasions. Before Müller struck and after Drogba had headed the equaliser, every minute without a goal for Bayern seemed like a victory for Chelsea. The tactic that proved so unexpectedly effective against Barcelona – "overcrowd the central defence, force the enemy wide, throw yourselves in the way of every cross and shot" – was the one selected for use once again as Roberto Di Matteo's players worked their way towards the ecstatic climax of an extraordinary period in their history.
Two and a half months ago, remember, this was a team heading for the knackers' yard. Then Di Matteo replaced André Villas-Boas, and everything changed. Before this game , Chelsea had played 20 under their Italian interim manager, with a record of won 13, drawn four, lost three. Facing opponents almost as formidable as the brilliant Catalan team they had beaten to reach the final, Di Matteo saw no reason to tinker with an approach that had restored to his players the feeling that they were the masters of their own destiny.
At times Bavaria seemed to be enjoying an even greater percentage of possession than the 80% or thereabouts that had given Barcelona total territorial dominance of the two legs of the semi-final. Ribéry and Robben, bouncing off the unyielding armour-plate of the Chelsea defence, found the experience every bit as frustrating as had Lionel Messi and Andrés Iniesta. Was it pretty? Was it the sort of thing to expand football's audience? Was it the sort of thing Abramovich had in mind when he paid Ken Bates the first instalment on what would become a billion-pound investment? Di Matteo would be entitled to respond: who cares? Football is a contest of goals, not of aesthetics. We love it when the two elements are combined, but that is not the primary purpose of the exercise.
The banner customarily draped across Stamford Bridge's Matthew Harding stand – "JT CAPTAIN, LEADER, LEGEND" – was hung out along the top tier of the end housing the Chelsea fans . But with John Terry sitting in the stand alongside the club's other three suspended players, leadership had to come from elsewhere as their team-mates strove to make Abramovich's dream of European glory come true.
In a team including such relative youngsters as David Luiz, Mikel John Obi, Juan Mata and, of course, Ryan Bertrand, the obvious candidates were Frank Lampard and Drogba, representatives of the old guard whose distaste for Villas-Boas's methods led to the removal of the Portuguese coach in February and the promotion of his assistant, a man steeped in the club's atmosphere and trusted by the senior pros to restore them to their comfort zone. In this case, however, being in a comfort zone has not meant being granted a licence to take it easy.
Chelsea's trio of thirtysomethings is outstanding. Lampard set an example of vigilance and concentration to the younger men around him, Ashley Cole made countless blocks, and Drogba gave the evening its shape.
When he stepped up to apply the coup de grâce, it was impossible to forget that he had missed two crucial penalties for his country in the African Cup of Nations finals of 2006 and 2012. But this time there was no hesitation, no mistake, and suddenly Chelsea were in a blue heaven.
"Yes, I'm Pakistani. Yes I'm Muslim. But that's not all I am," says Changez Khan, played by Riz Ahmed, in Mira Nair's film adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's second novel, The Reluctant Fundamentalist.
It's a film about a Pakistani caught in the throws of post-9/11 climate of America and the turbulence it caused for many Pakistani Americans trying to figure out their identities and their allegiances.
Starring Hollywood stalwarts, Kate Hudson and Kiefer Sutherland, the movie is bound to be a boon for getting a distinctly Pakistani narrative in the limelight.
The trailer begins with a journalist (Liev Schreiber) interviewing Khan, about the kidnapping of an American citizen.
Khan then describes how he arrived in America and took a job on Wall Street, only to have his life change after the Twin Towers crumbled to dust.
The film explores the journey of a man caught between his American dream and the enduring call of his homeland, and the effects that his dillema has on the people he works with and the woman he's grown to love.
Earlier, in an exclusive interview with Dawn.com, author Mohsin Hamid said he was hoping that the film would make a premier in Pakistan and praised Mira Nair's work as the director, saying “Mira's a very generous, inclusive film-maker. She regularly asked for my opinion. But a novel writer is part of the supporting cast in making a film, not the star.”
Speaking to the Hollwood Reporter, Hamid mentioned that his aim in the book and the movie was to eschew the simplistic notions about Americans and Pakistanis.
"Very often in the news today we get a very simple story," he said. "America is good or America is bad, Pakistan is good or Pakistan is bad, India is good or India is bad. We [the filmmaking team] all feel that part of our job was to re-complicate what has been simplified and to show complexity in a story — in which one person is neither right nor wrong."
The film has set a US release date of April 26.
CLOSE Iowa City Bike Library volunteers and patrons discuss the importance of the program the desire to keep it as close to downtown as possible. NIck Fetty / Iowa City Press-Citizen
Buy Photo Iowa City Bike Library volunteer Les Lamping repairs a child's bike Saturday. (Photo: Nick Fetty / For the Press-Citizen)Buy Photo
The Iowa City Bike Library's proximity to downtown has been crucial to its success, so officials with the group hope they can find an affordable location close to downtown when forced to vacate its current location likely before the end of the year.
The Bike Library has had a deal with the city of Iowa City since 2005 to use the former John Wilson Sporting Goods building, 408 E. College St. Iowa City Bike Library volunteer and Steering Committee member Mark Pooley said they knew the day would come when they would need to find a new home.
"The location's always not been set in stone," he said. "We have an arrangement with the city and the city's been very generous, incredibly generous, to let us have it here so it's always been on the horizon, but when it gets to the horizon has been the point of uncertainty."
Pooley stressed that the Bike Library has developed an excellent relationship with the city over the years and understands that the eviction is strictly business for the city. The current Bike Library building will be demolished to make room for The Chauncey, a 20-story commercial and residential development. Pooley said they haven't been given an exact date for when they need to leave but he anticipates it will likely be sometime this fall.
Finding something affordable with decent proximity to downtown has been difficult for the Bike Library, which is an all-volunteer nonprofit organization. Pooley said while no plans have been finalized, the Bike Library has considered possible locations on the north side as well as along Gilbert Street near other local bike shops. He added that the Bike Library views area bike shops as partners and doesn't necessarily look to compete with them.
Aniruddha and Shruti Deshpande recently chose to purchase bikes from the Bike Library because they like that the group promotes bike advocacy and gives back to the community in other ways. The couple recently moved to Iowa City to take jobs with the University of Iowa after both earned doctorate degrees in audiology from the University of Cincinnati. Aniruddha Deshpande said he likes the volunteers at the Bike Library teach patrons about basic bike maintenance.
"They help you with fixing your bike if there is something wrong. They teach you how to fix a flat tire or something. That's good for amateur bikers like us," he said.
Shruti Deshpandes agreed that the volunteers showed a high level of customer service.
"All of them that work here a really good," she said. "They're very helpful and they give you good advice, and I think that's very important."
Buy Photo (Photo: Nick Fetty / For the Press-Citizen )
On a typical Saturday — which is their busiest day of the week — the Bike Library will serve anywhere from 30 to 50 customers, sometimes with lines as long as 10 going out the door and around the building. Not only does the Bike Library help the community by providing bikes, education and other resources, but it also allows the public to donate old bikes that will either be repurposed or scrapped. Pooley said the Bike Library recycles more than 1,000 pounds of metal and hundreds of pounds of rubber every year.
Pooley said they will continue to search for something affordable while trying to remain close to downtown.
"There's going to be a balance that we have to try and strike, a needle we have to thread, and we just have to find it," he said.
Iowa City Bike Library
• Where: 408 E College St.
• More information: www.bikelibrary.org.
Read or Share this story: http://icp-c.com/1lLSkJd
The vending business is one that's been around for a while, but did you that now is the time to capitalize on it? You're probably thinking, “but vending is just so boring.”
You're right. Vending is boring. Practically nothing in the industry has changed. But did you know there is a new vending business in town? That's right…healthy vending is a fairly recent industry that is revamping everything you knew about the stagnant, $30 billion vending industry.
I think you know where we're going with this. Healthy vending is the business to get into. But before you think about healthy vending, forget everything you assume about the vending business.
Forget about the plain, bulky machine. Forget about the countless times you spent standing in front of a vending machine, eyes glazed over as you chose a candy bar that you knew wasn't good for you.
Forget your frustrations as the machine wouldn't take your semi-crinkled one dollar bill. And, forget about the times when your bag of chips was stuck hanging off of a coil and your desperate attempt to do anything possible (without it being illegal) to free your purchase from its trap.
Traditional vending machines are everywhere you look. There is nothing special about them, and we all know them well. That vending business is outdated.
Question: Does AW consider making the UI customizable, such as reticle shape and color? Answer: While UI customization will initially be limited to just turning different HUD elements on and off, we do have plans to introduce increasing levels of customization over time. Initially we will add adjustments such as reticle color or shape, but we eventually hope to offer the ability to select from different color schemes for the whole UI and possibly enable support for community reskins of the menus and HUD.
Question: Will there also be a software development kit for AW? Answer: We are not planning that at the moment.
Question: Can we expect user created skins in Armored Warfare? Answer: In the Early Access phase modifications will not be allowed. It will not be possible to replace model files within the game as those will be covered by protective measures.
Question: Will it be possible for players to trade tanks or gold amongst themselves? Answer: No, we are not planning such a thing. Although this would be an attractive feature, it has many drawbacks including – amongst other things – attracting a large number of account hackers, scammers, and gold selling spammers, an issue known from other games to make the life of both players and developers much more difficult.
Question: Is the 15 player team size for random battles final? Answer: Yes. After multiple rounds of testing and experimenting with various sizes, we have confirmed that the 15 player size is ideal for our needs and the best gameplay.
Question: Armored Warfare is focusing mainly on modern vehicles. Does this however mean that old vehicles will not be added because of their age, regardless of whether or not they'd be unbalanced in-game? An example would be the IS-7 Soviet heavy tank that is quite powerful but comes before the time frame. Answer: We want to present the players with dynamic and active gameplay. Few old vehicles do fit into that picture. On the other hand, we do not have any specific year set before which the vehicle would be unacceptable and thus it is possible for old but very powerful vehicle to appear in Armored Warfare.
Question: Do all commanders have the same perks or are there commanders with specific tank type perks (for example perks usable for one class only)? Answer: The commander system is currently undergoing changes to make it more interesting. It is completely possible for certain commanders to be more proficient in certain classes.
Question: What software is used when modeling tanks and maps? Answer: Our vehicles are primarily modeled in 3DS Max with some texture work made in other programs. Our maps are put together entirely with the CryENGINE editor though the individual modeled props are also created in 3DS Max.
Question: Are you going to model and add the entire Armata series in the game, including the T-15? Answer: It's possible.
Question: I'd like to see a damage counter and hit-log (a list where the damage I have done and to me is displayed) – will you add such a function? Answer: We are continuing to evaluate the option for a Damage Counter and Hit Log. At this point, we are considering developing them as options to be enabled in the UI Options screen with them disabled by default but we have not made a final decision about whether to implement them or not.
Question: Certain vehicles in real life have variable rate of fire depending on whether they are moving or not (for example the Leclerc). Will you model this mechanism? Answer: The rate of fire of all the vehicles will be constant regardless of whether they move or not. There are two reasons for this decision. First is the obvious one – simplification of the reload mechanism, we do not want players to feel confused as to why some vehicles are firing slower on the move and some are not. Secondary is the gameplay – having a stationary vehicle fire faster promotes the infamous “camping” and we want to have the gameplay dynamic without main battle tanks hiding behind bushes for maximum rate of fire.
Question: Are there any plans to produce "raid-like" content as hardcore endgame PvE? Answer: Yes, there are plans for hardcore PvE scenarios. PvE mechanism news will be disclosed when they are ready.
Question: Will there be different types of ERA on different vehicles? If so, what is the difference in game? Answer: Yes. The very basic (simplified) division is to “light” ERA and “heavy” ERA. “Light” ERA usually stops only HEAT shells. “Heavy” ERA weighs – as its name suggests – more and includes (apart from the standard explosive blocs) also hefty chunks of metal, providing extra protection against kinetic penetrators.
Question: Will there be national voiceovers? Answer: We are planning several voice-localized versions of the game. The function of “national” voice crews (the Spanish crewmember speaking Spanish, the French one speaking French etc.) is however currently not planned – in Armored Warfare the crews are multi-national (each crewmember possibly from a different country) and it would make no sense for them to speak in different languages – a French commander would like to communicate with his Polish driver in English.
Question: Will the atmospheric conditions in various maps (rain, snow and blizzard for example) be variable? Answer: Yes, we are preparing a mechanism where the weather can change, even during the battle. Weather conditions will affect the gameplay by for example limiting the viewrange or by blowing away the smokescreen during heavy wind. The dynamic weather elements will not be present in our maps initially as we wanted to focus on getting the maps balanced and fun as possible before we introduce additional variables into the matches that take place on them. Once we feel we have accomplished that, we will begin phasing in the dynamic weather systems we have planned that will have impacts on gameplay mechanics once fully implemented.
Question: What is the current RNG factor when it comes to damage and penetration? Is it final? Answer: We are currently running with a +/-10% randomization on shell Penetration and Damage for AP and HE shell types. HEAT shells have a +/-15% randomization for Penetration and Damage to better reflect the additional complexities involved with HEAT shell impacts in real life.
In her most dramatic speech to date about climate change, National Security Advisor Susan Rice suggests climate change was partially responsible for the conflict in Syria and represents a looming threat to the entire world.
“In the years prior to civil war breaking out in Syria, that country also experienced its worst drought on record,” she said during a political speech at Stanford University. “Farming families moved en masse into urban centers, increasing political unrest and further priming the country for conflict.”
An alarmed Rice warned that climate change was “an advancing menace” that portended doom for the nations around the world.
“Today, we face no greater long-term challenge than climate change, an advancing menace that imperils so many of the other things we hope to achieve,” she said according to advance text of her speech.
Rice echoed many themes promulgated by the Obama administration but ratcheted up the alarmist rhetoric to a fever pitch.
“Consider the impacts—to the global economy and to our shared security—when rising seas begin to swallow nations whole,” she explained while discussing rising sea levels of “as much as 20 feet.”
She also suggested that the the recent floods in North and South Carolina and massive forest fires were partially a result of climate change.
“While we can't say that climate change is the direct cause of any specific weather event, these are exactly the trends that we expect to see more of, if climate trends continue on their current trajectory,” Rice said.
Rice detailed how climate change was directly affecting national defense, warning of military bases that were “imperiled” by rising sea levels and training ranges that were “jeopardized” by drought.
“In fact, this summer we had to cancel some training exercises, because it got too hot,” she explained.
The changing climate, she insisted would change the entire world, plunging into conflict, disease, and despair.
“[E]ven if climate change isn't the spark that directly ignites conflict, it increases the size of the powder keg,” she said.
Downtown hotels, Hart Plaza, Cobo Center and Ford Field are jammed with ebullient teens and harried chaperones who add a theme park vibe.
They arrived Wednesday for an Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Youth Gathering -- five days of faith, festivities and public service. The event has nearly 30,000 participants and "is expected to bring a $30 million economic impact to the region," Sherri Welch blogs at Crain's.
“This place is going to look like Disney World for a few days,” Michael O'Callaghan of the Detroit Metro Convention & Visitors Bureau tells her.
He refers to hundreds of tour buses, but the comparison also is apt because of matching T-shirts, outdoor snacking, selfie snapping and the type of effusive enthusiasm this tweet reflects:
Detroit watches out! CRAZY FOR JESUS! Waiting 3 years for this!!!! This is going to be an amazing week!!#RiseUpELCA pic.twitter.com/4jGxhE3lCb — Emily Martinez (@em_m1021) July 16, 2015
Downtown worker Diana Thomas McNary, a Detroit News graphic artist and designer, comments on her Facebook page: "They've really changed the downtown vibe from 'too-cool-for-you hipster' to 'yayyyy wheeeee OMG where are you from???' "
Updates: Jason Marker, a member of the Detroit Party Marching Band, posts on our Facebook page: "They are insufferably cheerful."
Another reader, Colleen Hasten of Grosse Pointe, comments: "It looks like a Skittles factory exploded."
The national event isn't all prayers, speeches and selfies, Welch notes Thursday:
Today through Saturday, 10,000 high school-aged kids and adults will board 220 buses each day at Hart Plaza and head to nonprofits around the city, in Highland Park and Inkster to take part in community service projects. Those projects -- 600 in all -- will focus on providing housing and food, education, environmental sustainability, arts and culture, and other services. About 100 area nonprofits will benefit from the volunteering, the Detroit Metro Convention & Visitors Bureau said.
Beneficiaries include the Belle Isle Conservancy, Focus: HOPE, Detroit Public Library main branch, Cass Community Social Services and Gleaners Community Food Bank of Southeastern Michigan, the Crain's writer adds.
This is among Thursday morning tweets as volunteers headed to the nonprofits:
And in a decidedly deeper tone, this was posted from Cobo on opening night:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Spectrum previously used by the Ministry of Defence and sports broadcasters will soon be auctioned off
BT is already in the firing line over its dominant position in the broadband market, with pressure on the regulator, Ofcom, to be tougher in policing it. Now, there is a call for the telecoms giant's wings to be clipped in its new role - as the UK's most powerful mobile operator.
When the year began, it looked as though we would soon have just three giant players slugging it out in the mobile market. BT's merger with EE, and Three's takeover of O2 would leave them battling Vodafone for supremacy.
But while the first merger went ahead, the second was blocked by the European Commission. That ruling came with the full backing of Ofcom, which had warned that a reduction from four to three operators would be harmful to consumers.
Three - owned by Hong Kong's Hutchison - had spent 18 months planning for a future in which it would be the biggest noise in the UK market. On Tuesday morning, still seething about the ruling, it has warned that the result has been to create exactly the conditions that Ofcom feared.
Image copyright Three Image caption Mr Dyson wants BT to own a lower percentage of the UK's mobile network spectrum
Its chief executive, Dave Dyson, told me that prices are now going up and competition is on the wane.
He said it was because two players now had the lion's share when it came to spectrum, the electromagnetic waves Mr Dyson described as the "lifeblood" of any mobile operator.
He points to figures indicating that:
BT/EE has 42% of the spectrum assigned to the UK's mobile networks
Vodafone has 29%
Three has 15%
O2 has 14%
"If you've got one or two players in the market that dominate spectrum," he said, "then there is always a fear that innovation is slower because you don't have people pushing each other."
Despite the fact that Three has just published some pretty healthy earnings for the first half of the year, he said it could not challenge BT unless it got hold of more spectrum. And that is where he wanted action from Ofcom.
In a much-delayed auction, the regulator is preparing to sell off a healthy chunk of spectrum that has been freed up by the Ministry of Defence. It will provide plenty of capacity for the high-speed data services that are now at the centre of every mobile operator's offering.
But Three's chief executive wanted Ofcom to set the rules to level the playing field in the UK mobile market.
Mr Dyson called for a cap on the total amount of spectrum that any one company could hold - and wanted that set at 30%.
Unless BT/EE sold some of its existing spectrum, that would mean it would not even be able to bid in the forthcoming auction - and Vodafone would be limited in what it could buy.
Mr Dyson said both the big players had plenty of unused spectrum and did not really need any more but were likely to indulge in what strategic bidding.
"If they were to bid on this spectrum, it would most likely be a mechanism to stop ourselves and O2 strengthening our position, which would effectively be anti-competitive," he said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption BT paid £12.5bn for the UK's biggest mobile operator, EE
Now, this piece of sabre-rattling is obviously designed to put pressure on Ofcom, which is expected to launch a consultation on the rules for the auction in the coming weeks.
Sources at BT point out that Three could have bought more spectrum in the last auction but chose not to. Furthermore, the competition authorities had assessed BT and EE's spectrum holdings before letting that merger through and found nothing to worry them.
But for Ofcom, there are now some tricky decisions to be made. To impose the kind of curbs that Mr Dyson is demanding would be tantamount to saying the regulator got it wrong when it backed the merger between BT and EE but lobbied Brussels to block Three's takeover of O2.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The 2.3GHz-3.4GHz spectrum that will be sold is suited to providing fast mobile data
But equally, having come under fire for not requiring BT to sell off the Openreach broadband division, Ofcom will not want to be accused of allowing a new monopoly to grow unchecked.
You might have thought the battle over the shape of the UK's mobile market was over - but it looks like it has just moved on to a new phase.
Good news for corporate lawyers and lobbyists, who will get plenty of work as the rules of the complex game that is a spectrum auction are decided.
All developments are carried out thanks to donations on Purchase of these or other devices
thank
Please do not copy files to other file shares
the project is under constant development and refinement
Root SuperSU v2.46
XPosed 2.6.1
BusyBox v30
tested
tested
DISCLAIMER
***
VZW for Verizon XT1060
ATT for AT&T XT1058
***
**
Please do not copy files to other file shares
the project is under constant development and refinement
Root available on 4.4.4 Version 1.02 for Full Flash Stock-> herehttps://yadi.sk/d/WDUlvQgtiQNbv/MotoX/KXA21.12-L1.26Write Protect=This methodon Moto X ATT XT1058 KXA21.12-L1.26 (non OTA Update)This methodon Moto X VZW XT1060 KXA21.12-L1.26 (non OTA Update)Method takes about 10-30 min, 1 steps.Author is not responsible for totally bricked devices, broken arms, legs, plane crashes and your wife's cheating.All actions taken is your own risk.You:- shouldn't be afraid of- do not change any files, pathes;- can install drivers manually;- need to installand- unzippto00 Flashfirmware01 Unzipp everything to02 Run03 After you got, install drivers manually04 Run. Parts XX of system.05 Turn device on. Now you have KXA21.12-L1.26 STOCK PreRootedinstalled application Xposed 2.6.1Xposed launched clicked install, reboot your phoneI see that the application is launched is set app_process 58 (pre-installed in the system) and XPosedBridge.jar 54 version (made with the application)then uploaded GravityBox [KK], a check mark, the next reboot, and everything worksWill Sunshine be able to be used in conjunction with this to achieve an unlocked BL?No, the latest firmware which was supported unlock KXA20.16-1.31
Translingual [ edit ]
G English Wikipedia has an article on: Wikipedia
Letter [ edit ]
G (lower case g)
The seventh letter of the basic modern Latin alphabet.
See also [ edit ]
Symbol [ edit ]
G
Gallery [ edit ]
Letter styles
Capital and lowercase versions of G , in normal and italic type
Uppercase and lowercase G in Fraktur
See also [ edit ]
Other representations of G:
English [ edit ]
Etymology 1 [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g, plural Gs or G's)
See also [ edit ]
Number [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
seventh, derived from this gee and written in the The ordinal number, derived from this letter of the English alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
Etymology 2 [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
G (countable and uncountable, plural Gs)
( sports , baseball ) Games ( the statistic reporting the number of games that a player has participated in ) . ( US , politics ) Green. ( US , of a movie of a movie ) General ( suitable for a general audience ) . ( sports ) Goals ( a sports statistic ) . Ground floor (of a building). A galaxy. gravity ( slang , chiefly chiefly US ) Grand ( thousand dollars ) . 2005, Jordan Houston, Darnell Carlton, Paul Beauregard, Premro Smith, Marlon Goodwin, David Brown, and Willie Hutchinson (lyrics), “Stay Fly”, in Most Known Unknown ‎[1], Sony BMG, performed by Three 6 Mafia (featuring Young Buck, 8 Ball, and MJG): , Jordan Houston, Darnell Carlton, Paul Beauregard, Premro Smith, Marlon Goodwin, David Brown, and Willie Hutchinson (lyrics), “Stay Fly”, in, Sony BMG, performed by Three 6 Mafia (featuring Young Buck, 8 Ball, and MJG): Just really want to smoke my weed, fuck these hoes, and stack my Gs. ( grammar ) genitive case Abbreviation of ( Britain , education ) The academic grade that comes next below F.
Alternative forms [ edit ]
Derived terms [ edit ]
( gravity ) : 1-G
1-G ( astronomy ) : ClG
ClG ( sports ) : GF, GA
Noun [ edit ]
G (plural Gs)
( slang ) A gangster, gangsta. ( economics ) Abbreviation for Government Spending. g Alternative letter-case form of ( unit of gravitational acceleration ) .
Afar [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G
The fourteenth letter in the Afar alphabet.
See also [ edit ]
American Sign Language [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
( transliteration needed ) (Stokoe G)
The letter G
Azerbaijani [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G upper case (lower case g)
See also [ edit ]
Dutch [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( letter name ) : IPA (key) : /xeː/
IPA : Audio
Letter [ edit ]
G (capital, lowercase g)
The seventh letter of the Dutch alphabet.
See also [ edit ]
Esperanto [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( letter name ) : IPA (key) : /ɡo/
IPA : ( phoneme ) : IPA(key): /ɡ/
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
go and written in the The eighth letter of the Esperanto alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Finnish [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
gee and written in the The seventh letter of the Finnish alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
Usage notes [ edit ]
Used only in loanwords expect for ng [ŋː].
See also [ edit ]
German [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
The seventh letter of the German alphabet.
See also [ edit ]
Ido [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (lower case g)
See also [ edit ]
Italian [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( name of letter ) IPA (key) : /dʒi/
IPA : ( phoneme ) IPA (key) : /ɡ/
IPA : ( phoneme, before e or i ) IPA(key): /dʒ/
Letter [ edit ]
G m , f (invariable, lower case g)
gi and written in the The seventh letter of the Italian alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Japanese [ edit ]
Etymology 1 [ edit ]
From English G.
Noun [ edit ]
G (katakana ジー, rōmaji jī)
Etymology 2 [ edit ]
Initial of ゴキブリ.
Noun [ edit ]
G (katakana ジー, rōmaji jī)
( slang , euphemistic ) a cockroach
Latvian [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Proposed in 1908 as part of the new Latvian spelling by the scientific commission headed by K. Mīlenbahs, which was accepted and began to be taught in schools in 1909. Prior to that, Latvian had been written in German Fraktur, and sporadically in Cyrillic.
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
gā and written in the The tenth letter of the Latvian alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Letters of the Latvian alphabet: burti A a Ā ā B b C c Č č D d E e Ē ē F f G g Ģ ģ H h I i Ī ī J j K k Ķ ķ L l Ļ ļ M m N n Ņ ņ O o P p R r S s Š š T t U u Ū ū V v Z z Ž ž
Malay [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( Name of letter ) IPA (key) : [d͡ʒi]
IPA : ( Phoneme, Syllable initial ) IPA (key) : [ɡ]
IPA : ( Phoneme, Syllable final ) IPA(key): [k̚]
Letter [ edit ]
G
See also [ edit ]
Norwegian Bokmål [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
G
( pensions ) grunnbeløp Initialism of
Norwegian Nynorsk [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
G
( pensions ) grunnbeløp Initialism of
Portuguese [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
See also [ edit ]
Romanian [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
The ninth letter of the Romanian alphabet representing the phonemes /g/ and /dʒ/. Preceded by F and followed by H.
Usage notes [ edit ]
When followed by the letters i or e, this letter represents the phoneme /dʒ/, as in plângi /plɨndʒʲ/ (you cry) and înger /ɨn.dʒer/ (angel). When followed by "hi" or "he" (ghi & ghe) and in all other cases, it represents /g/.
See also [ edit ]
Skolt Sami [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( phoneme ) IPA(key): /ɡ/
Letter [ edit ]
G (lower case g)
The twelfth letter of the Skolt Sami alphabet , written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Slovene [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (capital, lowercase g)
The 8th letter of the Slovene alphabet. Preceded by F and followed by H.
See also [ edit ]
Somali [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
( phoneme ) : IPA (key) : /ɡ/
IPA : ( letter name ) : IPA(key): /ɡæ/
Letter [ edit ]
G upper case (lower case g)
ga and written in the The thirteenth letter of the Somali alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
Usage notes [ edit ]
The thirteenth letter of the Somali alphabet, which follows Arabic abjad order. It is preceded by C and followed by F.
See also [ edit ]
Spanish [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
The seventh letter of the Spanish alphabet.
See also [ edit ]
Turkish [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
ge and written in the The eighth letter of the Turkish alphabet , calledand written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Vietnamese [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
gờ or giê and written in the The tenth letter of the Vietnamese alphabet , calledorand written in the Latin script
See also [ edit ]
Welsh [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G
The 10th letter of the alphabet, preceded by Ff and followed by Ng
Mutation [ edit ]
G at the beginning of words is omitted in a soft mutation, mutates to Ng in a nasal mutation and is unchanged in an aspirate mutation, for example with the word gorsaf ( “ station ” ) :
Welsh mutation radical soft nasal aspirate gorsaf orsaf ngorsaf unchanged Note: Some of these forms may be hypothetical. Not every
possible mutated form of every word actually occurs.
See also [ edit ]
Zulu [ edit ]
Letter [ edit ]
G (upper case, lower case g)
by Caitlin Emma | Mar 20, 2012 4:08 pm
(2) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Downtown
A burglar who knocked off Caseus on Whitney Avenue and The Blossom Shop on Orange Street became an overnight Internet star—without even trying.
Employees from both businesses posted snapshots of the burglar from their surveillance tapes on Facebook. The man in the tape burglarizing The Blossom Shop looks similar to the man who smashed a hammer into the glass door at Caseus and stole the cash drawer.
As his photo rocketed around the web, people sent in information about him. Cops are now looking for him.
Tom Sobocinski co-owns Caseus, a fromagerie and bistro, with his brother Jason. Sobocinski said the alarm system at Caseus is rigged to send him a notification via cellphone whenever it goes off. He got that notification at around 9:05 p.m. Monday night.
“I got here in like four minutes, and the cops got here in like five,” he said. “But he was already gone.”
Sobocinski called it a minor setback; the burglar got away with only Tuesday's start-up cash. But this is the third time Caseus has been robbed in four years and this time, the brothers didn't want to keep the incident quiet. Sobocinski posted the snapshot from the surveillance tape on Facebook.
“If this guy has the balls to come to the door with a hammer, then I'm going to broadcast it,” he said.
Over 100 people either liked or commented on the photo within the first 24 hours.
“We have a very close relationship with our customers,” Sobocinski said.
Some of the comments the Facebook picture include:
• “I like your style, Caseus.”
• “Hoping social media brings the malefactor down!”
• “Cheesehead who needed a fix?”
Sobocinski wrote over the picture:
“Here he is, hammer in hand! He is banned from Caseus from now on—no more soup for him!”
Sobocinski said he hopes social media will prevent other local shops from going through the same problem.
“As for Facebook, I hope we can use it to identify and stop this guy,” he said. “If he's hit a few local shops in the area so far, then he's not going to stop.”
Caseus already had a brand new glass door by Tuesday afternoon. Sobocinski said New Haven and Yale police recognized the man in the surveillance tape and are tracking him down.
“This has really been more of an annoyance than anything else,” he said. “It was really just important to get the door fixed and to serve lunch today.”
A woman at the Blossom Shop on Orange Street got a similar response—immediately—when she posted the burglar's mug from a surveillance photo on Facebook.
The burglary took place last week while the shop was closed, according to police spokesman Officer David Hartman. The burglar made off with the cash register.
Some people seeing the posting sent in helpful details about the man, according to top downtown cop Lt. Rebecca Sweeney. She said her officers are on the case.
With all of the money that Samsung (005930) has made over the last year, some of its fans have been hoping that the next-generation Galaxy S IV model would use higher-quality building materials for its casing instead of the plastic used for the Galaxy S III. Unfortunately, all rumors indicate that the Galaxy S IV will have the same plastic build as its predecessor and that Samsung is for now eschewing materials such as aluminum or even higher-quality plastics such as polycarbonate. In an interview with CNET posted Tuesday, Samsung mobile business executive vice president YH Lee said that the company decided to remain with its plastic build because it was a very durable material and because it was much easier to manufacture on a large scale.
UPDATE: A Samsung representative chimes in to say that it's incorrect to infer from the CNET story — which contains the headline “Why the Galaxy S4 won't be shedding its plastic roots” and includes a line about “Samsung's plastic GS4” — that the Galaxy S IV will have plastic casing because the Samsung executive in the interview never specifically mentions the Galaxy S IV and only talks about Samsung's general design philosophy and its reasons for its continued use of plastic for its major devices. The representative also claims that it's incorrect to refer to an unannounced Samsung device as the “Galaxy S IV” because that device may or may not exist, the person can or cannot confirm. We'll know for sure if the device-that-shouldn't-be-referred-to-as-the-Galaxy-S-IV has plastic casing in less than two weeks when Samsung may or may not unveil it in New York.
“Since we are shipping really large units, we always have to think how efficiently we can manage the manufacturability and also durability,” Lee told CNET.
Lee did acknowledge that there seems to be market demand for metals and high-quality plastics, however, and said the company has tried to strike a balance between firmer build quality and easy manufacturability.
“I think the next product has a nice balance between this,” she said. “We listen to the market and try to accommodate.”
Advertisement
Tessel is a new breed of development board that runs entirely on Node.js What is Node.JS and Why Should I Care? [Web Development] What is Node.JS and Why Should I Care? [Web Development] JavaScript is a just a client-side programming language that runs in the browser, right? Not any more. Node.js is a way of running JavaScript on the server; but it's so much more as well. If... Read More , and after a successful Kickstarter, they've now the reached the point of being available to everyone. What is it exactly, how does it differ from other hobby boards, and what potential uses does it have?
What is Tessel?
Tessel is a pure Node.js development board, so everything is written in JavaScript and run using a super fast Node engine developed by Google. It's $99 including your choice of a basic module, or $125 with an advanced module like RFID.
In terms of hardware, Tessel has:
180 MHz ARM processor
32 MB SDRAM
32 MB flash storage
20 GPIO pins
Built-in WiFi (though the signal is weak, so it's recommended you add your own antenna)
The built-in WiFi is an admirable feature: in one simple command, I had my Tessel connected to my home network, the details of which are then saved separately to any programs you add, so it'll automatically reconnect each time.
Currently, there is no special IDE required (or provided) to program for the Tessel. Since it's standard JavaScript, you can use any text editor, or a programming-oriented editor like Sublime Text (check out my review Try Out Sublime Text 2 For Your Cross-Platform Code Editing Needs Try Out Sublime Text 2 For Your Cross-Platform Code Editing Needs Sublime Text 2 is a cross-platform code editor I only recently heard about, and I have to say I'm really impressed despite the beta label. You can download the full app without paying a penny... Read More ) for syntax highlighting. Uploading code to the Tessel is done via the command line in one simple command. As with any Node application, there are thousands of programming libraries available – such as a simple Web server – available to drop into your application using NPM (the Node Package Manager).
There are 14 different hardware modules to add extra features such as infra-red or RFID, though some are not yet shipping. They work in a similar way to Arduino shields, slotting into one of the four module plugs on the Tessel. If it takes off in the same way Arduino has, we should expect to see third party add-ins fairly soon.
Pictured below: the RFID and IR modules plugged into the Tessel via 3 of the 4 expansion ports.
Comparison to Raspberry Pi
Much of what the Tessel can do can already be achieved with a Raspberry Pi Just Bought A Raspberry Pi? 11 Things You Need To Know Just Bought A Raspberry Pi? 11 Things You Need To Know In this video, we explain everything you might need to know if you've just bought a Raspberry Pi, or are thinking of buying one. Read More : a Pi can run Node.js, for instance, albeit very slowly (we tried in the Heimcontrol home automation project Home Automation Guide With Raspberry Pi and Arduino Home Automation Guide With Raspberry Pi and Arduino The home automation market is flooded with expensive consumer systems, incompatible with one another and costly to install. If you have a Raspberry Pi and an Arduino, you can basically achieve the same thing at... Read More ); and it has a set of GPIO pins for interacting with sensors. Similarly to the Pi, Tessel's GPIO pins operate at a maximum 3.3 volts, though the board provides power for 5 volts.
The ease of use is the main differing factor. Installing Node.js on a Raspberry Pi isn't an easy task, and even with graphical desktop functions disabled, Node runs at a snail's pace. You'll need to SSH in to the Pi remotely to edit files, and then there's the issue of configuring wireless networking Setting Up Wireless Networking on Your Raspberry Pi Setting Up Wireless Networking on Your Raspberry Pi Virtually every Raspberry Pi project will require a network connection, and considerable flexibility can be gained by ignoring the Ethernet port in favour of a wireless USB dongle. Read More .
Uploading your Node.js code to the Tessel is a single command, as is connecting to WiFi. And by running Node natively, it's a lot faster.
Of course, you can't use the Tessel as a general purpose cheap computer like the Pi. The Pi is a jack-of-all-trades and a master of none; the Tessel is a master at just running Node. The Pi also has considerably more RAM, and more drive space for your apps thanks to its SD card storage.
Comparison to Arduino
Arduino What is Arduino: Everything You Need to Know (In Video) What is Arduino: Everything You Need to Know (In Video) What is an Arduino and why should you care? In this video, I attempt to answer that question, and more. Read More is an extremely low cost micro-controller (you can even build one yourself), available in a variety of form factors. With a mind-blowing number of tutorials and additional functionality available via standard components as well as breakout boards, it makes an ideal low-cost starter in the world of electronics. It uses a special programming language that's derived from C and a custom development environment application (IDE), but it's no less difficult to pick up than Node/JavaScript, particularly if you already have a little experience.
Programming in Node is easier for things like reacting to sensors, thanks to the event-based paradigm. With Arduino, reacting to sensors means adding a function to read the value each loop cycle. With Node, you simply attach to an event, which is then fired when a signal is detected.
The processing power and memory of the Arduino is rather limited compared to Tessel – it won't handle anything software-heavy. Even the largest of the true Arduino boards only offers 128KB of flash memory with 8KB of RAM.
That said, if your project is heavily electronics-based or you require more fundamental access to things like interrupts and timings, you might want to stick to an Arduino. The cost is also a big difference, of course.
The Bad
In theory, Tessel should be working with most NPM packages. In practice, it's buggy, and at the time of writing neither Express nor Sockets.io were fully-functional due to incompatibilities in core HTTP modules. I have no doubt these will be fixed in time, but right now it's a bit limiting.
Although the expansion module hardware is a nice package, the Infra-Red functionality isn't nearly as simple to work with as the Arduino one Introducing the TV Devil, An Easy Remote Control Arduino Prank Introducing the TV Devil, An Easy Remote Control Arduino Prank Read More – it requires the use of decoded buffers, rather than the standard signal type + Hex code we're used to. Again, improvements are promised here later down the line.
The WiFi antenna also has a terrible range – we're talking same room, ideally – and improving it involves a nasty bit of small-scale soldering (though instructions on how to do the hack are very clear). Documentation also suggests the WiFi chip may have issues with 802.11n speeds, and 5GHz networks, though I was at least able to get it connected to my 802.11n 2.4GHz network. Including a switch for the antenna hack with the external socket pre-soldered would have been much appreciated, and not everyone is confident with a soldering iron.
What's Tessel Good For Then?
The Internet of Things. Tessel has a lot to like about it, but it's early days yet. On-board WiFi means it's perfect for a new generation of interconnected devices; whilst Node support from the ground up should ensure fast and easy implementation of JSON APIs or simple server stacks.
Tessel is one to watch – a potential contender to take the crown from Arduino, even – but I'd hold out for now until some the wrinkles have been ironed out. And if you decide to buy one, you'll find some great Tessel DIY tutorials from us to look out for on the horizon.
Welcome to Gaming World Wide
There are several tips that one should follow before signing up with any online bästa casino . One cannot and should not take this first and foremost step lightly after all one isn't just playing for fun . Well, yes, but the fact that several financial transactions are going to take place can't be overlooked. Hence, give ample amount of time while hunting for an online casino.
One should visit review sites to acquaint themselves with the reputation of several casinos . The ones that are floating since a decade should be preferred. Unbiased reviews of these sites will definitely help you to choose a reputable and safe casino like oddsbonus.biz . If you would like to obtain such a bonus, you need to visit the appropriate site and simply apply for the bonus. It's that simple. So it is quite surprising to see that many casino players aren't seemingly aware of the tremendous benefits that can come from obtaining the deal. If you want to have an advantage over them, you are definitely encouraged to visit the netent casinos site soon.
The license of the online casino Netti Casino is the primary one. There are various fake online casinos and the ones which do not provide complete information regarding their license. The payment options should be checked out. Prefer an Roulette bonus that goes along with your preferred option of depositing money or withdrawing it. You don't need to actually bring a deposit in order to play live casino games at some casinos. Did you know that? You can test out various sites and see whether you like them first. Afterwards, you can choose whether you'd like to invest money in any particular platform.
One shall look for the amount of bonus that the online casinos such as realmoneycasino.eu provide. This is sometimes the first factor that many players look into while choosing an online casino. If you like to play casino games on your desktop computer, you'll love playing them on your mobile phone or tablet. Oranje Casino is the safes and most reliable online casino in The Netherlands. Don't start playing here before you have read the review that these guys from OCV have written for you!
UbiShow is a slideshow maker for Windows Phone 8 where you can take your pictures, add background music and create a video slideshow that can be shared through OneDrive or uploaded to YouTube. The interface does take a little time to get used to but in tinkering with UbiShow for a short while, it makes a nice first impression. UbiShow is an easy way to turn your Windows Phone 8 still images into a video slideshow.
UbiShow's Main Pages
UbiShow has a series of main pages designed to give you access to the core features and easily view your latest slideshows and videos. The menu page offers you the options to: Create a new show
Download and manage music files
Watch and share your videos
View the UbiShow tutorial video
Offer feedback to the developer I am not entirely sure of the source for the music files but the interface is straightforward. Just enter the keyword for the music you are looking for and a list of choices will be generated. Tap the music result that best matches your search and tap the download button.
The concept for UbiShow is simple. Select photos from your Windows Phone Pictures Hub, add a music background, frame your photos if desired (over thirty to choose from), choose from more than thirty image transitions and save it all as a video presentation. Once created, you can share these slideshow videos by uploading them to your YouTube account or OneDrive account. Once uploaded, you can also share the videos via Facebook or email (via link) as well. Creating Videos The interface with UbiShow takes a little time to get used to. The video tutorial does a good job of getting you in the ballpark but you really need to spend some hands-on time with UbiShow to get the hang of things.
Saturday, July 27th, 2013
Baseball 101: How to Score a Game (Introduction)
Greetings class. It's been a while since our last session. Get your pencils and scorecards ready because our next lesson will be divided into multiple sessions. This time we will learn how to score a live baseball game. Scoring baseball is simple and a fun way to learn the game. There are as many unique ways to score a game as there are fans. For the sake of this lesson, I will demonstrate my method. *Don't fret, you won't need to buy a ticket and attend a game. You can just as easily score a baseball game from your couch. Please note: if nature calls while you're at the park scoring a game, make sure someone can fill in while you step away. If you're scoring at home, take advantage of a DVR that can rewind and fast-forward live television.Does anyone have any questions before we proceed? Good. Let's begin.For this lesson we'll be using a real game between the St. Louis Cardinals and Milwaukee Brewers played on Sunday, May 5, 2013 . Rather than unload a locker room full of data all at once, we'll start off with the basics. This chart will suffice for an introduction.To be continued....
Story highlights The Oversight Committee approved the GOP-led contempt resolution last week
Pagliano's lawyers last week accused Chaffetz of launching a witch hunt
Washington (CNN) House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters the House will vote this week on a resolution holding Bryan Pagliano, the former Hillary Clinton aide who helped set up her private email server, in contempt of Congress.
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz tweeted that he filed a resolution Tuesday.
The Oversight Committee approved the GOP-led contempt resolution last week along a straight party line. The floor vote is expected to come Thursday or Friday, according to a senior House GOP leadership aide.
Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has argued that previous testimony from another one of Clinton's IT workers, Justin Cooper, made it imperative for Pagliano to testify.
"I explained Mr. Pagliano was uniquely qualified to provide testimony to help the committee better understand Secretary Clinton's use of a private email server. This is indisputable," Chaffetz said. "I also made clear the committee would consider all options regarding Mr. Pagliano's failure to appear, including consideration of recommending he be held in contempt."
Read More
PESHAWAR: A displaced man was killed and six others were injured when troops opened fire at protesters in Bakakhel Camp in the Bannu Frontier Region on Sunday.
A police official at Bannu District Headquarters Hospi­tal told Dawn that the body of 22-year-old Rahmat­ullah as well as the injured protesters had been brought to the emergency ward.
Officials said clashes broke out after the internally displaced persons (IDPs) from North Waziristan protested against lack of drinking water and other facilities at the camp and restriction imposed by the management on their movement outside the camp.
The protest started when they were not allowed to go outside the camp and troops opened fire to disperse the protesters.
An official said in the night the incident had taken place before Iftar and situation was under control.
A large number of displaced people are residing in rented houses, but troops are managing the camp adjoining North Waziristan where around 3,500 families have been accommodated.
Over one million people were displaced from North Waziristan when military launched operation Zarb-i-Azb in June last.
The military's public relations wing, ISPR, claimed recently that 90 per cent area of North Waziristan tribal region had been cleared of militants.
Published in Dawn, June 22nd, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
FDA Not Doing Enough To Fix Serious Food Safety Violations, Report Finds
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gosia Wozniacka/AP Gosia Wozniacka/AP
Every year about 130,000 people in the U.S. are hospitalized with a foodborne illness, and 3,000 people die.
To protect against this, the Food and Drug Administration inspects facilities that produce and handle food to ensure safety and compliance with regulations.
But a new report from the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Inspector General raises some red flags about the inspections program.
"We found a number of weaknesses in the way that FDA is protecting the food supply," Meridith Seife, the deputy regional inspector general, told us.
For instance, FDA often relies on facilities to voluntarily correct violations, which can be ineffective.
Consider this case: Back in 2013, when FDA inspectors went into a facility in Kansas that produces beans and sauces, they uncovered serious problems.
"Inspectors found rainwater leaking through the roof, directly above where food was being prepared," Seife says. "And perhaps most worrisome, the inspection revealed the presence of listeria throughout the facility." Listeria is a pathogen that can cause life-threatening illness.
The FDA issued a warning letter to the facility and requested prompt correction. But the problems were not fixed. "These violations went uncorrected for the next two years," according to the report.
"It is clear that FDA could have done more in this case to have compelled the facility to act more quickly," Seife told us.
Overall, the report concludes that the FDA "consistently failed to conduct timely followup inspections to ensure that facilities corrected significant inspection violations." And in 17 percent of cases, the FDA did not conduct a follow-up inspection at all. Also, in some instances where inspectors found significant violations, the FDA took no enforcement action.
The Food Safety Modernization Act, which was signed into law in 2011, aims to ensure a prevention-oriented approach to food safety. The law gave FDA new enforcement authority so the agency could better respond to problems. But the new report concludes that the FDA has rarely taken advantage of these new tools.
"We think FDA really needs to do more to take swift and effective action" to ensure that safety problems at food facilities are fixed promptly, Seife says.
Officials at the FDA have reviewed the report. The agency's response is included as an appendix. "FDA agrees that there are challenges in its conduct of domestic inspections," writes Lisa Rovin, deputy associate commissioner for public health strategy and analysis at the FDA.
Rovin says that FDA concurs with the recommendations in the inspector general's report, including the need to ensure better use of resources and to take appropriate action against all facilities with significant violations.
In a response from the FDA on Wednesday, a spokesperson said the agency is working as effectively and rapidly as possible to implement the changes brought forth by the Food Safety Modernization Act. She says "our commitment to public health remains strong and unwavering."
SAN FRANCISCO
SAN MATEO COUNTY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
MARIN COUNTY
NAPA COUNTY
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
SONOMA COUNTY
SOLANO COUNTY
The Wild are doing everything right, and they're controlling play at a historic level, but they just can't beat Jake Allen.
The Minnesota Wild deserve a better fate than the one they're about to get. No team has looked more dominant these playoffs and yet here they are, down 3-1 to the St. Louis Blues.
The playoffs can be extremely cruel and the Wild are feeling that with their season inexplicably on the line. Every game so far has been a shooting gallery with the Wild setting up base camp in the Blues zone and rarely finding themselves outside of it. After adjusting for score and venue, the Wild have out-attempted the Blues by 23, eight, 25 and 16 in the four games this series at 5-on-5, good for an average of 18 extra shot attempts per game. They're doing everything right, but for whatever reason, they can't solve Jake Allen who is single-handedly winning this series for the Blues.
This is an entirely different series without Allen and his .966 save percentage, a truly absurd mark. The league's best goalie this year, Sergei Bobrovsky, was at .931 for the season. If Allen had that every game, here's what the scores would look like (eliminating the empty net goal in Game 3, since the Wild wouldn't have been down).
Game 1: 3.6 – 2 Minnesota
Game 2: 2 – 1.7 St. Louis
Game 3: 2.9 – 2 Minnesota
Game 4: 1.9 – 0 Minnesota
Even if Allen was having a Vezina calibre playoffs, it wouldn't have been enough to keep this series closes and at his season or career average of .915 it would look even more lopsided. That the current series result is flipped in the complete opposite is entirely thanks to his superhuman play. Full credit to him, he's been phenomenal, but that's what he's needed to be to stop Minnesota from moving on to Round 2. With the way they've played that should be where they're heading – teams controlling play this well don't lose often.
From 2007-08, the year Corsi first started being tracked, to 2015-16 there have been 44 series (out of 135) where one team earned 55 percent or more of the shot attempts after adjusting for score and venue – 34 of them (77 percent) have won their series.
Of those 44 series, only six had a shot attempt advantage greater than 60 percent. In 2007-08, the Stanley Cup winning Red Wings, one of the greatest teams ever, did it three times while the other three came from the Sharks in 2009-10 and then the Blackhawks in 2011-12 (the only team to lose with such a large edge) and 2012-13.
For added context, the highest Corsi percentage in a season is 59.9 percent by those same 2007-08 Red Wings and only three teams ever have been above 58 percent (Detroit 2008-09 and Chicago 2009-10). Those three teams went 54-21-7, 51-21-10, and 52-22-8, a .638 win percentage on average.
It's a rare sight to see one team dominate another territorially to this degree, and that's especially true in the playoffs where it's the best of the best. It's a testament to the current level of parity in this league that we haven't seen such a huge mismatch in the past three seasons. That is, until this year's Wild who are currently at 60.1 percent against the Blues. That makes seven teams with a Corsi percentage north of 60 percent in a series, and the Wild look like they'll be just the second team to ever lose with such a large advantage.
The last time it happened, it was the goaltending of Mike Smith that kept the Blackhawks in check, stopping 95 percent of shots he faced that series, though an .893 from Corey Crawford at the other end sure didn't help. No matter how much a team can tilt the ice, goaltending is the biggest X-factor and we're seeing that first hand with the Wild.
But while Minnesota is busy pumping the St. Louis net with shots, there are some detractors out there saying it doesn't matter because a majority of their shots come from the outside. Fortunately for them, there are ways to check how good the team's shots are using expected goals, which weights each shot by their probability of finding twine.
As it turns out, the Wild's expected goals percentage is even higher than its Corsi at 61.6 percent, meaning that not only are they getting the lion's share of shots, they're also getting the better quality chances, too. Of the 44 series above 55 percent in shot share, on average the teams that won had an equal expected goal rate while the 10 losing teams were two percent lower. Poor shot quality is to blame most of the time a team is padding the shot clock in a losing series, but that's not the case with Minnesota.
And yet it doesn't matter one bit. Not when Allen is playing the way he is. If you can't solve the goalie, no amount of quality chances against him will matter.
Bruce Boudreau learned that firsthand back in 2010 when his juggernaut Presidents' Trophy winning Capitals met its maker: a plucky Canadiens team led by the superhuman antics of Jaroslav Halak. But even that series had Washington with a smaller shot advantage, expected goals rate and a lower save percentage from the opposing goalie.
It's hard to imagine anything worse than being Halak'd, but this series against the Blues is arguably on a higher level than that and it's a shame it won't be viewed that way. It'll just be another item on the list of playoff choke-jobs for Boudreau, an unfair rep he's gained from big expectations and bad luck. There's really nothing more this team could've done better in this series from a tactical standpoint, they're simply not getting the breaks. That's just the way it goes sometimes and there's no need to build a narrative around it.
This series is also not over just yet. The Blues still have to win one more game and while it's very likely they can manage a single victory over the next three games, the Wild can make things difficult if they keep playing the way they have. Allen probably can't keep this up forever.
Still, the chances of a reverse sweep are pretty slim – it's only happened four times in the history of the league. Two of those times were in the last seven seasons though after only having it happen twice in the previous 70. With hockey's chaotic nature, low-scoring and league parity it's arguably more likely to happen these days then it was back then. It's even more likely if the team down 3-0 is arguably stronger, which is how it's looked for most of the series despite the results and how most people saw things before the series started.
The Wild were big favourites going into the series at 67 percent. Their chances of coming back are higher than an average team in the same spot. After Wednesday's victory they're one step closer to a comeback with their chances rising from 11 percent to 21 percent. It's a long shot, but it's definitely not impossible. They'd be relatively heavy favorites in Game 5 and Game 7 and slight favorites on the road for Game 6, it's just a matter of taking advantage of that edge in three straight games.
At this point, it's still extremely likely the Blues move on to the second round; being down three games is a big hole to come back from. Just don't be surprised if the Wild can make things interesting. They've been extremely dominant so far and the breaks just haven't gone their way. In a short series the whims of the hockey gods can change quickly. So hold off on the hot takes and eulogies for now, the Wild don't deserve their current fate and they aren't dead yet either.
Sergio Perez has a bit to learn about dealing with the media when he steps up to a top team with McLaren next year.
Today in Suzuka he essentially admitted that he lied in the press conference in Singapore two weeks ago when he was asked very clearly if he had been approached by any top teams.
"Questioner: But have approaches been made?
Perez: No.
Questioner: From major teams, no approaches?
Perez: No."
A week later he was confirmed as a McLaren driver for 2013, replacing Lewis Hamilton. Sources suggest that the negotiations were already well advanced in Monza.
But today in the FIA press conference in Suzuka, Perez was picked up on this. He responded by saying that he had decided to say "No" in Singapore because it made his life easier that weekend,
"No, there have been some talks before but I didn't want to give too much information about my opportunities, my options," he said. "So the question doesn't come that often because if I say at that time ‘yes', then I will be full of questions. So it's better to…
"I wanted to keep it in low profile, focussing always in my team, giving my hundred per cent to my team that I'm very thankfully they give me this opportunity. We have six races with a strong car to go and I want to leave on a very high from this team."
Of course he is within his rights to be economical with the truth in the middle of a delicate negotiation and of course he was caught on the hop speaking in a second language, but he has been busted here and it's embarrassing for him. This is Formula 1, a very high profile sport and all public figures have to learn how to deal with a direct question such as the one put to him in Singapore and know how to elegantly swerve it, if necessary.
Perez will have to learn how to deal with that. At McLaren the level of scrutiny will be much higher.
When Joel Paredes saw snow blanketing Montreal on Tuesday morning, he decided to bring his snowboard to work — with the thought that he might use it to get home.
Paredes, who works as an IT specialist at an investment company in the city's downtown core, decided to give it a try when he saw how much snow had fallen by the time he was set to leave for the day.
"Everyone at work was telling me to be careful," he said in an interview.
"Originally I wanted to do it on the street and thought, 'OK, let's be smart,' so I went on the sidewalk."
Paredes ended up snowboarding down Peel Street from De la Gauchetière Street to St-Jacques Street.
He captured the whole thing on camera with a GoPro and a selfie stick.
The video, posted to YouTube and sped up slightly for effect, shows him weaving along the sidewalk and, at one point, squeezing past two pedestrians heading in the other direction.
Paredes said it's his 19th season snowboarding and he knows his limits, but he is concerned the video might encourage younger, less experienced snowboarders to try something similar.
"Now that the video is viral, I don't want kids to go ahead and do it," he said.
Paredes said he's not concerned about any legal ramifications and compared it to skateboarding, which he also does downtown.
• Midfielder signs a five-year contract with Mark Hughes's side • ‘I was really excited as soon as I heard of the club's interest'
Stoke City have confirmed the signing of Joe Allen from Liverpool.
The 26-year-old has signed a five-year contract after the clubs agreed a fee believed to be in the region of £13m.
Celtic sign former Liverpool defender Kolo Touré on one-year deal Read more
Allen has struggled for playing time under Jürgen Klopp having been restricted to mainly Europa League appearances last season but the midfielder was one of the stars of the Wales squad who reached the semi-finals at Euro 2016 this summer.
Stoke's bid met Liverpool's valuation of a player with less than 12 months remaining on his contract and means they recoup most of the £15m they paid Swansea for Allen four years ago.
“It's been a whirlwind 48 hours for me but I am delighted to have finally been able to put pen to paper,” he said. “I was really excited as soon as I heard of the club's interest and it wasn't a difficult decision for me to make. I am incredibly excited about my future at Stoke City.”
Allen will link up with his new team-mates in Orlando on Tuesday after becoming Mark Hughes's second summer signing, a few hours after the Egypt winger Ramadan Sobhi arrived from Al Ahly.
Stoke's chief executive, Tony Scholes, added: “Joe is a player that Mark has admired for a considerable amount of time. Therefore when we became aware of the possibility of bringing him to the club it was something that we were determined to do. We have had to act swiftly to conclude the deal but we are delighted that we have managed to get it over the line.”
Coroner identifies man killed in crash on Taylorsville Road
Police believe medical emergency led to a deadly crash Wednesday in Jeffersontown.The accident happened a little before 4 p.m. on Taylorsville Road near Six Mile Lane.Investigators believe the driver of the car had a medical emergency just before turning onto Taylorsville Road and being hit by the truck.The coroner said John D. Scott, 74, died of multiple blunt force trauma from the accident.The driver and child passenger in the truck suffered minor injuries
Police believe medical emergency led to a deadly crash Wednesday in Jeffersontown.
The accident happened a little before 4 p.m. on Taylorsville Road near Six Mile Lane.
Advertisement
Investigators believe the driver of the car had a medical emergency just before turning onto Taylorsville Road and being hit by the truck.
The coroner said John D. Scott, 74, died of multiple blunt force trauma from the accident.
The driver and child passenger in the truck suffered minor injuries
AlertMe
I just have to say it: I love Ann Taylor.
Until recently, I used to only venture into Ann Taylor LOFT for some shopping. You've got to love their selection, as well as their awesome sales! They recently held a Friends and Family sale where the entire store was 40% off – how can you beat that?!?! I happened to pick up this lovely little number on that shopping trip: a drop waist dress (and you know how I've been thinking about them lately)!
I love the colors, and the flouncy skirt made my heart pitter patter. And at 40% off, how could I resist? I'm a sucker for a good sale, as you probably know. I love that I can dress it up or dress it down. For today though, it's dressed up with some patterned heels and some fantastic accessories!
Colorblock drop waist flounce dress: Ann Taylor LOFT // Animal print heels: Ivanka Trump (similar here) // Small hair donut: ASOS // Medallion pendant necklace: c/o Ann Taylor // Embossed leather Gala bag: c/o Ann Taylor
And can we take a moment to talk about these accessories from Ann Taylor? As I said, in the past I spent most of my shopping time in Ann Taylor LOFT as opposed to Ann Taylor. But…oh my goodness – I have been missing out! My eyes are now opened to the world of Ann Taylor. First, I picked up some of the amazing bright pink Melinda flats that were on sale, and now I'm completely smitten by their jewelry and accessories (and clothing too…don't get me started on how beautiful their dresses and skirts are…)! You should definitely take a look at what Ann Taylor has to offer if you haven't done so before, and make sure to peruse their sale section for some great deals.
The Ann Taylor products have a higher price point than those you'll find at LOFT, but the quality is superb. Their looks are perfect for the office and in “everyday” life. They have classic style, but also stay true to the current trends and add pops of fun colors and some quirky style. I really like that combination!
Just look at the detail on the pendant necklace! I love the ornate detail and the long length of the chain. It makes a statement without being bulky or distracting. I know I can (and will) be pairing this with a lot of looks in the coming months; it is a really versatile piece!
I'd say that the embossed leather bag from Ann Taylor is an example of the fun side of the spectrum! The bright green color is eye catching and the details on the bag make it a sturdy piece. The hook clasps on each side of the bag allow you to transform the straps: you can wear it as a shoulder bag, hook both ends to one side of the bag to make a looped clutch, or remove the strap completely to carry the bag strapless as a clutch! It is quite a chameleon of a bag, if you asked me (and the color helps contribute to that opinion, may I say)!
How the creative class is affecting economic growth in Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.
For those of us who live in the United States or in the advanced nations of Europe or Asia, urbanization has gone hand in hand with greater economic development, and the growth of the middle class. But elsewhere that once-positive connection between urbanization and rising living standards seems to be breaking down over the past decade or so. The world may be entering into a troubling new phase of urbanization without growth, where urbanization no longer goes hand in hand with great economic output, rising living standards, or a large middle class. Southeast Asia—the region of the world that spans Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam—is going through rapid urbanization today. By 2030, its urban population will grow by another 100 million people, rising from 280 million people today to 373 million people. A new study, released today by my Martin Prosperity Institute (MPI) team, takes a close look at urbanization across these six major Southeast Asian nations and the cities of Phnom Penh, Cambodia; Jakarta, Indonesia; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; Manila, Philippines; Bangkok, Thailand; Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; and the city-state of Singapore.
Two of those cities, Manila and Jakarta, are megacities with over 10 million people. Bangkok, Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur, and Singapore have populations between five and 10 million people. By 2030, Bangkok and Ho Chi Minh City are projected to have populations over ten million. Kuala Lumpur will have close to 10 million people, while Singapore will be approaching seven million. The region provides an intriguing lens from which to better understand the opportunities and challenges of urbanization today. Our analysis highlights the highly uneven process of urbanization across this region, as its cities and nations divide across four broad tiers of development. Singa­pore occupies the top tier. With economic output of $66,864 per person, it is one of the most prosperous and advanced cities on the planet, ranking just below New York City and ahead of Tokyo, Toronto, Seoul and Hong Kong. It ranks as the fourth-most-advanced global city in the world, behind only New York, London, and Tokyo. The creative class makes up nearly half of its workforce (47.3 percent)—considerably larger than that of the United States (32.6 percent). Kuala Lumpur occupies a second tier, with economic output of $28,076 per person, more than Shanghai ($24,065) or Beijing ($23,390). This is nearly three times bigger than Malaysia as a whole ($9,748). With $172 million in total economic output—more than Stuttgart ($158 million) or Stockholm ($143 million), it generates more than half (50.8 percent) of Malaysia's GDP. According to our “urban productivity ratio,” which compares a city's productivity to that of its nation, Kuala Lumpur is three times as productive as Malaysia. It ranks 39th on my Global City ranking, not too far behind Beijing.
Bangkok and Manila fall into the third tier, with economic output per person of $19,705 and $14,222 respectively—considerably greater than for Thailand ($5,158) or the Philippines ($2,360) as a whole. Bangkok's economic output is $307 billion—more than Miami ($263 billion) or Frankfurt ($230 billion), and accounts for more than three quarters of Thailand's total GDP. Manila generates $183 billion in economic output—more than Stockholm ($143 billion), which makes up nearly two-thirds of the Philippine's GDP. Bangkok is nearly four times more productive than Thailand as a whole; and Manila is six times more productive that the Philippines on our urban productivity ratio. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Jakarta and Ho Chi Minh City occupy the fourth tier with economic output per person of $9,984 and $8,660—which while lower than the other Southeast Asian cities is still considerably larger than for Indonesia ($3,323) or Vietnam ($1,544). With total economic output of $321 billion, Jakarta is a bigger economy than Toronto ($276 billion), while Ho Chi Minh City with $71 billion in output is just slightly smaller than Turin ($78 billion) or Oslo ($74 billion). Both account for more than 35 percent of their respective national economies. Productivity in Jakarta is three times higher than for Indonesia as a whole, while it is 5.6 times higher in Ho Chi Minh City than for the Vietnamese economy. So is urbanization helping to propel economic growth in Southeast Asia or not? The answer from our research is a qualified yes. The graph above charts the relationship between the level of urbanization and economic development (measured as economic output per person). The slope of the line is upward and to the right, highlighting the generally positive relationship between the two. But what is important for our purposes is that the Southeast Asian nations lie either exactly on the line or slightly above it—in other words their level of urbanization is roughly in line with their level of economic development.
Singapore leads the region in urbanization and economic development—with levels that put it among the world's leaders such as the U.S., Japan, Canada, and Australia. Malaysia is next in line with an urbanization level of nearly 75 percent, which is closing in on South Korea. Indonesia and Thailand are more than 50 percent urbanized, while the Philippines has urbanization rate of almost 45 percent. All three have levels of urbanization that are not far behind that of China. Vietnam's level of urbanization is 33.6 percent, putting it slightly ahead of India, while Cambodia's is just 20.7 percent—still both have levels of urbanization that are roughly in line with their levels of economic development. Ultimately, the level of economic development across the region and its cities is highly uneven, mirroring the broader pattern of uneven development between the advanced nations and cities of the Global North and the struggling nations and cities of the Global South. The region spans Singapore—one of the most affluent and urbanized places on the planet—and also Cambodia, where economic output of just $869 per person leaves it 116th of the 139 nations we examined. While some areas of Southeast Asia are urbanized and developed, others have yet to make this transformation. The question is whether urbanization can continue to propel economic development in the region's less developed cities and nations, or whether some will fall victim to urbanization without growth.
In a word: Wow! Going into last night's scheduled tweetfest, I was hoping we could double the numbers of the preceding dry-runs that tallied somewhere in the area of 29k-30k tweets. Well, Dark Matter fans stepped up enmasse and did better. MUCH better. We didn't just double those numbers. Hell, we didn't even triple those numbers. Here were the results when I checked this morning –
Over 124k tweets! And that number has climbed to over 140k in the last six hours.
We trended for over four hours in the U.S., held at #2 in Canada and L.A., and hit #1 New York!
Joining Dark Matter fans in our #RockTheRaza campaign were influencers from television, music, media, comics, and books. It was amazing to see so many friends, new and old, throwing their support behind our little show. So thanks to them, thanks to our incredible cast, and an extra big thanks to all of you. Especially those of you spent time in twitter jail. Fear not. Anthony Lemke has offered to bail you all out!
I gathered the aforementioned data and sent it along. Confident it will go a long way toward impressing interested parties of the strength and scope of the Dark Matter fanbase (and hopefully showing “no longer interested parties” exactly what they're missing). We have a follow-up call on Tuesday and this enormous fan showing will no doubt be a hot topic of conversation.
As promised, I'll keep you updated on this blog (Hell, it's the least I could do for your incredible support!).
To get the latest on the campaign, follow @DarkMatterFTL on Twitter and also check out TeamRazaTV
Finally, let me leave you with just one of the amazing Dark Matter-related art works that made their debut during last night's tweet storm, this one c/o Jonathan McFerran –
I'll be featuring more in the days to come.
You did great. Now rest up until the next battle, but please continue keep #DarkMatter alive on social media!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Chelsea have responded to their defeat to Manchester City by tabling a new £30 million offer for John Stones, but now face having to pay up to £40m to land the central defender.
Jose Mourinho's decision to substitute John Terry at Eastlands highlighted his desire to land Stones, although the Chelsea manager had already delivered a warning to his captain over his form after the opening Premier League draw with Swansea City.
Everton will turn down Chelsea's third bid for Stones and are also now determined to hold out for even more than the £34m it was previously thought could land the 21-year-old.
Mourinho's need for new defenders was evident at Eastlands , as has been his desperation for owner Roman Abramovich to pay what it takes to land Stones.
That has only strengthened Everton's resolve to try to hold out for as much as possible, while publically insisting Stones is not for sale.
Chelsea is unconcerned by Everton's annoyance over their pursuit of Stones and the claim from manager Roberto Martinez that the transfer window should have shut by now, particularly given the fact the Toffees signed Mason Holgate from Barnsley last week.
• 'Tunnel cam' gives glimpse behind scenes during City v Chelsea
Stones will almost certainly become the most expensive defender in British history if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge before the transfer window shuts, comfortably eclipsing the £31.9m Manchester City paid for Eliaquim Mangala last year.
Even at £40m, Mourinho is confident it will be money well spent for Stones as he believes the defender can make an immediate impact in his team and go on to be a key player for the next 10 years.
Having finally completed the signing of left-back Baba Rahman, Mourinho wants to land Stones and could still move for another attacking player if Chelsea can sell either Juan Cuadrado or Victor Moses.
Cuadrado is among the list of attacking midfield targets Juventus are currently working their way through. Chelsea signed the Colombian in January instead of moving for Barcelona's Pedro, but could yet rekindle their interest in the Spaniard if his proposed switch to Manchester United drags on much longer.
Mourinho has been concerned that by effectively standing still in the transfer market, Chelsea is in danger of falling behind their title rivals, with City and United both poised to complete more deals before the window shuts.
Defence is clearly Mourinho's priority, with Stones potentially providing competition for Terry and right-back Branislav Ivanovic, whose form has been poor.
Terry was no worse than the rest of the Chelsea defence in a disappointing first-half display at Eastlands, but it appears Mourinho acted on an accumulation of uncharacteristic displays from the 34-year-old.
Understandably, Terry was not pleased to be taken off at half-time against City but hopes to retain his starting place for Sunday's trip to West Bromwich Albion.
Having played every minute of every Premier League game in last season's title success, Terry returned to pre-season training earlier than the rest of the squad – having also undertaken a personal tour of China in his role as ambassador of football culture in Guanghzou.
But Terry has not started this season at the same level he finished last and found it difficult to play in Mourinho's higher defensive line he employed at times against Swansea. When the Portuguese switched to the same tactic for the second half against City, Terry was replaced by Kurt Zouma. It was the first time he had been substituted by Mourinho in 177 Premier League games.
Terry had also been substituted against Arsenal in the Community Shield, but it is his withdrawal at the weekend that raised questions over whether this will be his final season at Chelsea.
There is a feeling inside Stamford Bridge, which Mourinho expressed last week, that the decision to allow the players to return a week later for pre-season training than most Premier League clubs has left Chelsea playing catch-up.
Players also complained of suffering from jet-lag in the days leading up to the Community Shield defeat to Arsenal, having returned from their US tour just four days before the Wembley game.
The decision to give the squad two days off after the Swansea draw also came as a surprise, as striker Diego Costa went to Ibiza and Cesc Fabregas returned to Spain.
Mourinho's squad just had Monday off this week, although club doctor Eva Carneiro was scheduled to return to Chelsea's Cobham training ground for the first time since losing her place on the bench and having her first-team duties scaled back.
Chelsea and Mourinho must now hope that the squad feel the benefit of their extra time off over the course of the season, having looked tired at the end of the last campaign.
While Ivanovic admits he and his team-mates must improve quickly, he insists there is no panic over falling five points behind title rivals City at such an early stage of the season.
Asked if the five-point deficit to City is a worry, Ivanovic said: “I don't think so. At the moment, it looks big after two games, but we just have to focus on our situation, ourselves instead and how we can improve.
• Chelsea and Mourinho are lurching into crisis
“There is still a long way to go. Every game can be like a final and you have to be on top of your game all the time, to beat your opponent, improve yourself and get the points and I think we will start doing better.
“It was a very difficult game and disappointing result for us, but this is done now and we can't go back. This is the Premier League, every game is like a final and we know we have to look forward. We haven't done well in the first two games, but there is another 36 to go and we know we have to improve ourselves.
“For sure we won't give up after just two bad results. Every team is improving. We can be better and have to show that on the pitch.”
GETTY - STOCK IMAGES The UN have blasted Trump and May for ‘undermining civil liberties' of ISIS jihadists
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein also lambasted British Prime Minister Theresa May for threatening to change human rights laws if they got in the way of security operations, saying her words would give heart to authoritarian governments. The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights told an audience in London late on Monday that strident statements in the wake of attacks risked undermining international rights treaties. Mr Ra'ad al-Hussein said: "If other leaders start to follow the same rhetorical course, undermining the (U.N. Convention against Torture) with their words, the practice of torture is likely to broaden, and that would be fatal.
"The Convention would be scuttled, and a central load-bearing pillar of international law removed." Mr Trump said in late January that he thought the practice of waterboarding - a form of simulated drowning - worked as an intelligence-gathering tool. But he also said he would defer on the issue to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis who disagrees with him about the technique's usefulness.
GETTY The United Nations' top rights official accused US President Donald Trump of breaking taboos
Mr Ra'ad al-Hussein said he was worried by Mr Trump's "persistent flirtation" with a return to torture.
They are breaking long-held taboos Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein
There was little immediate danger of the US using torture, but that could change if there was an attack on American soil, he said. He said: "Mindful of how the American public has, over the last ten years, become far more accepting of torture, the balance could be tipped in favour of its practice." After deadly militant attacks on London and Manchester, Mrs May told The Sun newspaper this month: "If human rights laws get in the way of doing these things, we will change those laws to make sure we can do them."
GETTY Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein also lambasted British Prime Minister Theresa May
Mr Ra'ad al-Hussein said her remarks no doubt reflected real anger but also seemed "intended to strike a chord with a certain sector of the electorate and it is this expectation that truly worries me." He said: "Whatever the intention behind her remarks, they were highly regrettable, a gift from a major Western leader to every authoritarian figure around the world who shamelessly violates human rights under the pretext of fighting terrorism."
Dramatic images show Russian navy launching six missile strikes at ISIS Fri, June 23, 2017 Russian naval vessels launched missile strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria's Hama province, destroying command posts and weapon and ammunition depots Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 7 A still image taken from a video footage shows a missile being fired from a Russian warship to hit Islamic State targets in Syria's Hama province, from the Mediterranean sea
Mr Ra'ad al-Hussein also rounded on Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's rights record - police say almost 9,000 people, many small-time drug users and dealers, have been killed since he took office. He said: "The president of the Philippines has spoken openly about extra-judicial killings.
GETTY Mr Ra'ad al-Hussein also rounded on Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's rights record
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
A member of Israel's police special forces was moderately injured Monday night during an operation carried out in the West Bank city of Jenin.
According to reports, IDF forces, alongside operators from the Shin Bet and police, descended upon a facility believed to be occupied by suspected terrorists, and in the midst of the siege, a fire-fight erupted.
The officer was evacuated to Rambam medical center in Haifa, where he was determined to be in moderate to stable condition. After being given preliminary treatment, he was rushed to the operation room for surgery on his lower body. An investigation has been opened to determine if the soldier was injured by friendly fire, reported Israel radio.Reports from the official television channel of Palestinian Islamic Jihad asserts that the IDF raid in Jenin targeted the home of Sheik Basem Sa'adi, a leading Islamic Jihad figure in the West Bank.Meanwhile, separate reports from Hamas media contend that two Hamas figures, Majdi Abu al-Hija and Ibrahim Jaber were also the target of the operation, with al-Hija allegedly being detained during the incident.Both groups report that, as a result of the gun battle, six Palestinians, including Sa'adi were killed, while another two militants escaped to a nearby hospital.The IDF is having not confirmed any details concerning casualties and fatalities other than the injured officer.Last week, an axe-wielding Palestinian man approached a group of Border Police officers near Damascus Gate in Jerusalem's Old City, yelling and attacking the security forces.While the officers worked to neutralize the suspect, he managed to stab one Border Police officer and lightly wound him in the leg.Security forces arrested the suspect.The attack was the latest in a series of terrorist acts carried out against members of the security forces in Jerusalem and the West Bank over the last month.On August 17, a Palestinian terrorist stabbed and lightly wounded a Border Police officer at the Tapuah junction.The Border Police said the assailant approached the officers at the checkpoint and told them he was not feeling well. The officers told the man to halt, but he continued to approach them, then pulled out a knife and stabbed an officer, lightly wounding him. The statement said the officer managed to push away the attacker and his partner opened fire, critically wounding the terrorist.The attacker was treated at the scene by IDF medics, but died of his wounds, the army confirmed.Two days prior to that attack, a Palestinian man lightly wounded a Border Police officer at a checkpoint on the highway near the Palestinian village of Huwara. The attacker was shot and killed by other border policemen at the scene.On the same day, a Palestinian terrorist asked a soldier for a cup of water at a checkpoint on Highway 443 near Beit Horon, and then stabbed the soldier after he turned his back, lightly wounding him.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The first world crash took place in Monte Carlo, the European capital of supercars. As an educated guess, it looks like the Golf driver is the one to blame, which means that a host of other people, the team working for the company insuring him, also have what is probably their worst start of the week ever.For those asking why the "customer" particle is in the title, we have to remind you the LaFerrari already had its first accident while it was in the testing phase. According to witnesses, the hybird hypercar, which was still wearing camouflage at the time, was rear-ended by a truck on an Italian highway, in the proximity of Mantova.Oh, and there was also that time when Kimi Raikkonen played LaFerrari tête-à-queue on Fiorano, but, luckily, that can't be labeled as an accident.: For those willing to know, this is reportedly the LaFerrari chassis number 199508, holding a 6844 Monaco plate. Now that the info has made our lives complete, we can tell you the Ferrari arrived in Monaco on 14th December 2013. The owner will probably have to take it to Scuderia Monte Carlo, the local Prancing Horse dealer, where, given then EUR 1 million (US$ 1.4 million) price tag of the car, the repair will probably cost just as much as the Volkswagen it colided with.As for all those voices worrying about the fact that this is one of the only 499 units ever made, they should relax, those wounds can be healed. We've added a third photo below, so you can get a better view on how the Golf took the impact. What? The pic is 95 percent LaFerrari and 5 percent Volkswagen? Well, gues you'll have to make due with seing the damage on the hypercar then.: As it turns out, the crash took place in the proximity of the Monte Carlo Country Club. The LaFerrari was traveling westbound on Avenue Princesse Grace, while the Golf was coming the other way on the same street. The Volkswagen was turning left onto Boulevard du Larvotto. In theory, this means it shoudl've given way to the Ferrari. In practice, we can't be sure what happened - for instance, the speed of the LaFerrari remains unknown for the moment. Until we find any further info, you have the map of the carbon- and metal-crushing event below.: Besides being accident partners, the Ferrari LaFerrari and the Volkswagen Golf have something else in common - the airbas were deployed in both vehicles. From what we can see in the adjacent images, the Prancing Horse saw its steering wheel bag infalte, while both the driver and the passenger front airbags in the Golf were summoned.We're feeling all this has gotten a tad of a dark note, so we'd like to cheer you up a little bit - the clip below shows how this particular example of the LaFerrari likes to spend its time on the French Riviera.
NFU President said farmers are concerned about the lack of clarity on government's approach to agriculture post-Brexit
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Brown & Co has produced a model to try to assess what effect post-Brexit Britain may have on agriculture.It has based its economic model on what it says is a typical Eastern counties farm, and it has concluded that a typical profit of £6,000 would be transformed into a loss of nearly £67,000 if support payments were to disappear after the UK leaves."We are not trying to predict what will happen. That is still to come and will be dependent on a number of things, including the General Election," said James Brown, agri-business consultant at Brown & Co.He said it was still unknown what the outcome of the Brexit negotiations would be - negotiations are expected to begin shortly after the June General Election and are due to be concluded in time for the UK to leave the European Union in the early part of 2019."We don't know what is going to happen, but our advice would be to get your business prepared for any reduction in payments going forward," said Mr Brown, who is providing farmers with an individual advice service to help them understand the implications and to prepare for the various outcomes of Brexit."There is a suggestion that payments will possibly be reduced going forward and possibly farmers being supported in different ways, possibly for such things as environmental measures."The Government has promised to continue with farm subsidies until 2020 but what will happen after that date is unknown.The economic model drawn up by Brown & Co was based on a unit growing a mix of combinable crops and sugar beet.It is an example of a family farming partnership with 420 hectares of land. Some 260 hectares are owned; 160 hectares are on a farm business tenancy.Brown & Co says it is well managed with reasonably strong yields - wheat at 9.25 tonnes per hectare - but carries some high costs. This, coupled with exposure to fluctuating commodity markets, impacts on financial performance, says the company.According to the model, profits ranged from £50,500 in 2014 to £6,300 in 2016. Total borrowings have increased by more than £76,000 since 2014 to about £1.1 million, often due to drawings exceeding profit and machinery investment. Rent is £79,000; finance charges amount to £57,000. Power and labour costs are also relatively high, it says.Brown & Co concludes that the business carries a high level of exposure to possible interest rate rises and it says that after 2020 there is the risk that income from Basic Payment Scheme payments will reduce significantly.According to the model, in the year ending April 2016 BPS payments accounted for 14 per cent of turnover and 22 per cent of gross profit.The consultancy concludes that a profit of £6,300 could become of loss of £66,500 without support payments."Investigating ways of farming without reliance on current levels of support or identifying ways to replace that income is of paramount importance," said James Brown.“Change may seem daunting, but farmers who identify the key opportunities and threats to a business and act accordingly will be well placed.”He told: "Farmers should prepare themselves. They should also get ready for opportunities. There will be opportunities. There always are opportunities when things change."He said that one way of reducing reliance on support payments was to look at possible opportunities for diversification.He said that grants were still available to help with diversification. "Look at what assets you have and what opportunities there are so that all your income is not coming from agriculture."It may not be possible for everyone to do so, he said, but there were farmers who could look at holiday lets, for example.They could think about environmental measures because of the possibility that there may be a move away from direct payments to environmental support in future.Conservative MP and former Environment Secretary Owen Paterson heightened concerns amongst farmers when he said at a seminar recently that the Government should follow the example of New Zealand, which ended farm support in the 1980s.He was reported saying that support should be confined to areas, such as the Lake District, with specific needs and where food production would not be economically viable without Government help. He said the price of food could be cut by 10 per cent outside the EU.However, in its manifesto for the 2017 General Election, the NFU urged the Government to maintain its support for farming."The NFU believes it is essential for Government to maintain the existing level of investment in farming," it said."Farm businesses invest in the long term, so an abrupt cliff edge halt to long established policies and income streams must be avoided. We expect the new Government to provide sufficient time for new policies to be agreed and implemented."NFU president Meurig Raymond said: “We can't ignore that farming is arguably the most vulnerable sector in the Brexit negotiations.“But the NFU has its sights fixed on solutions and policies to ensure a productive, profitable and progressive farming sector that puts safe, trusted, affordable and quality food on shoppers' plates. Over the next parliament, we want to work in partnership with the new Government to achieve this with a predictable and manageable transition process.“And while Brexit is one of the newer challenges for the sector, we're still committed to gaining political traction on the issues that existed in the industry before 23 June 2016, and still exist now.“The nation needs a food and farming industry with a Government strategy, it needs a safe food chain, and it needs a Government which looks after the countryside and rural communities."Farming Minister George Eustice has indicated that farm subsidies will be overhauled after the UK leaves the European Union.
Construction of the world's largest pot growing operation, on the edge of the Edmonton International Airport grounds, will help the company behind it take advantage of a budding new industry: legalized marijuana.
Aurora Cannabis is building an 800,000-square-foot production facility in Leduc County, capable of growing 100,000 kilograms of high quality marijuana per year.
It's currently sanctioned as a medical-marijuana growing operation, but the company's business plan is about to change.
The Liberal government will announce legislation next month that will legalize marijuana in Canada by July 1, 2018, CBC News has learned.
"This is exactly what we anticipated, and it's good news for Aurora," Cam Battley executive vice-president of Aurora Cannabis, said Monday.
"This is something that we planned on and that's why we started construction on this enormous facility.
"This will give us enormous, high quality capacity to serve the Canadian medical market and ultimately the Canadian consumer market."
Under the new legislation, the federal government will be in charge of making sure the country's marijuana supply is safe and secure. Ottawa will license producers.
However, the provinces will have the right to decide how the marijuana is distributed and sold. Provincial governments will also have the right to set prices.
Aurora has been anticipating the announcement, which Battley believes will have a "substantial impact on investment, employment and economic development" within the sector.
He expects the existing mail-order system for medical marijuana in Alberta will be expanded to serve the recreational consumer market. He said the company is well poised for the change.
"The intention here is to offer our clients the same level and quality of service as retail giants like Amazon.com," said Battley. "Being located by the airport, we're right beside the courier services so this will allow us to greatly expand our same-day and next-day delivery services."
Aurora has developed smartphone applications that allow its medical marijuana customers to make their orders online, and get deliveries within a matter of hours.
The company has already launched same-day delivery to Edmonton and Calgary and medical-marijuana customers are "loving it," said Battley.
"It's been really, really popular," Battley said. "We're the only licensed producer under Health Canada that does same-day delivery in two major metropolitan centres.
"In 20 or 30 seconds of tapping you can make an order, and if you do that in the morning in Alberta, it can be delivered to your home by dinner time. It's really something."
The company says its Edmonton facility, named "Aurora Sky," will be the largest, most advanced and most automated cannabis production facility in the world.
Larger than 16 football fields, it will make Aurora's current facility in Cremona look small by comparison. That 55,200-square-foot facility in Mountain View County, near Calgary, produces 5,500 kilograms of marijuana each year.
Construction of the Edmonton facility's pre-engineered structure is now underway in the Netherlands.
The company anticipates the greenhouse facility to be completed by October 2017, and expect to employ up to 300 people once fully operational.
It is also exploring a new partnership which would mean the addition of an on-site research lab focused on the extraction of cannabinoids, the active chemical compounds in cannabis, including THC.
"It will have multiple impacts and they'll all be positive," said Battley. "We're an Alberta-grown success story and that's always going to be our first priority."
Sean Hannity
WASHINGTON – Talk-show host Sean Hannity, a vocal opponent of Barack Obama's policies, said today he would not rule out a bid for the presidency in 2012.
Egged on by radio colleague Bill Cunningham, Hannity said he would consider entering the front lines of the political fray if God directs him.
“I've never made a decision in my life without – whatever destiny God has you've got to fulfill it,” he said. “I'm not sure that's my destiny.”
Hannity would make a formidable candidate, with the likability of Reagan, good looks and strong convictions. He's also a polished communicator and knows the issues inside out.
And he can debate.
Hannity hosts the second-largest radio program in America, after Rush Limbaugh, and a highly rated nightly TV show on the Fox News Channel.
While Obama's approval ratings have been plummeting in his first year in office, no clear Republican frontrunner has emerged. The candidates most often considered viable include Mitt Romney, Sarah Palin and Hannity's Fox News colleague Mike Huckabee.
Cunningham, one of Hannity's guests during a visit to Cincinnati today, said the nation and the Republican Party need Hannity.
When WND asked Hannity to repeat what he said on the air about a run, he said, “I ducked.”
Later in the program, a member of the audience asked what the host thought of a Hannity-Palin ticket.
The studio audience erupted in applause.
Hannity asked: “Would any of you really want me to run?”
Loud applause followed.
Hannity then asked, “How about I just stay on the radio?”
No applause.
If you would like to sound off on this issue, participate in today's WND Poll.
Fury has erupted after figures released show the council's chief executive received an extra £20,000 while the local authority was cutting millions of pounds from its budget and shedding scores of jobs.
Details emerged from the council annual accounts for 2012-13 showing council chief executive Paul Martin's pay, including bonuses and pension payments, rocketed from £254,880 to £274,224.
The council has been accused of double standards as the 7.6 per cent rise appears to contradict a three-year pay freeze for workers, only lifted in 2013-14 to allow for a 1 per cent rise.
Finance director Chris Buss also seemingly received a rise at the same time taking him up to an eye-watering £244,606, including bonuses and pension.
A spokesman for the council explained all apparent extra pay given to Mr Martin during 2012-13 was actually due to his pay appearing as less than it should during 2011-12.
This was due to reduced bonuses calculated from the six months he worked after joining the authority in October 2010.
The council accounts clearly state rises from 2011-12 to 2012-13 came from not just a £10,000 increase in bonus payments but a rise of more than £6,000 on his allocated pay, from £203,136 to £209,340.
The council spokesman reiterated this was due to payment arrears from when he first joined.
She also emphasised he turned down the 1 per cent pay rise offered to other council employees this year.
The news came as union members held a protest against council cuts outside town hall on Tuesday.
Jeremy Travers, Wandsworth Unison, said: “Lots of our members who work for the council are struggling and depending on pay day loans to get through the month.
“It is ridiculously unfair and we have protested today against the job losses and cuts, but this campaign is not going away, it is just going to get louder so we can be heard.”
In 2010, the council revealed it would need to find £55m in cuts by 2014.
But by early 2013, the council admitted an extra £20m of savings needed to found, a total revised once again in December when it was announced an extra £43m in cuts must be found by 2015.
Opposition leader Councillor Rex Osborn said: “I think most residents would be appalled to know council tax is being used to keep Wandsworth's senior staff gravy train on the tracks, at the same time that crucial frontline services are being cut.
“Reducing the pay of Wandsworth's CEO and finance director back in line with other councils would provide enough money to restore all the funding for lollipop men and women, or to reopen the closed One O'Clock clubs.”
Cuts have been made to services including lollipop ladies, One O'Clock clubs, adventure playground staff, special needs buses and meals on wheels.
More than 100 jobs have been cut across the council with losses in the housing department, children services and environment and community departments plus dozens of senior positions.
The council's budget for 2013-14 has not yet been released.
A spokesman said details were likely to be unveiled at the draft budget meeting on March 5.
She said: “Senior executive pay has been reduced by a million pounds since 2010 and that process is continuing. Councils like Wandsworth are a £900m-a-year business and look after more than £3bn of public assets.
“Wandsworth has a proven track record of providing residents with the best value for money services of any local authority in the country and its council tax is currently half the London average, and has been the lowest in the country for the past 20 years.
“That has been made possible by talented and able staff."
Chief executive salary since 2009:
• 2012-13.
Paul Martin: with pension £274,224; minus pension £230,440.
• 2011-12.
Paul Martin: with pension £254,880; minus pension £214,210.
• 2010-11.
Gerald Jones: with pension £227,420; minus pension £191,122.
• 2009-10.
Gerald Jones: with pension £356,891; minus pension £299,925.
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK
TODAY'S TOP STORIES
Despite repeated calls to stop selling costumes such as "Reservation Royalty," "Indian Warrior" and "Indian Princess" at their stores, Spirit Halloween says they won't be taking them off shelves anytime soon.
"Since 1983, at Spirit Halloween, we have offered a wide and balanced range of Halloween costumes that are inspired by, celebrate and appreciate numerous cultures, make believe themes and literary figures," a spokesperson from the company said in a statement to CBC News.
"We have not directed any of our Spirit Halloween stores to remove Indigenous-themed costumes from our shelves, nor do we plan to have these costumes removed."
The chain of stores has come under fire several times before for selling costumes some says are guilty of cultural appropriation.
When the costumes went on sale at the Spirit Halloween store in Winnipeg on Pembina Highway last month, the head of the University of Manitoba native studies department said the costumes are based on offensive 19th century stereotypes of Indigenous Peoples.
'Queen of the Tribe' and 'Wolf Dancer' are just some of the many costumes on sale at Spirit Halloween that some people in Winnipeg are calling offensive to Indigenous culture. (CBC)
On Monday, at a Spirit Halloween store in Regina, activists placed warning labels on the costumes, encouraging shoppers to "please avoid contact with these dangerous materials." The labels were later removed by the store.
"We do not tolerate the act of defacing our products, regardless of the theme or culture represented," a spokesperson from the store said in a statement Tuesday.
Spirit Halloween refused to release sales details that would indicate how popular an item the costumes are at its stores.
CLOSE Want to contact your lawmaker? Don't know who represents you in Jefferson City? Here's some information about who serves who and how to contact your state legislators. Wochit
Rep. Warren Love, R-Osceola. (Photo: Courtesy of Missouri House)
UPDATE: Love contacted the News-Leader early Wednesday to clarify that the post is not deleted as he thought; he had not been able to access it due to poor internet connectivity. The story now reflects this and has been corrected to include the proper spelling of Osceola.
A Missouri state lawmaker posted on Facebook on Wednesday that the person responsible for vandalizing a Confederate statue should be hanged.
"This is totally against the law," said Rep. Warren Love, R-Osceola. "I hope they are found & hung from a tall tree with a long rope."
Multiple pictures of Love's post, including two sent to a News-Leader reporter, indicate the post was made early Wednesday afternoon and has remained online.
Love was commenting on the news that a Confederate memorial in the Springfield National Cemetery was vandalized this week.
This is a call for lynching by a sitting State Representative. Calls for poltical violence are unacceptable. He needs to resign. #molegpic.twitter.com/FZCNmsLLY7 — Stephen Webber (@s_webber) August 30, 2017
Among those to immediately criticize Love's remark was Stephen Webber, chair of the Missouri Democratic Party.
"This is a call for lynching by a sitting State Representative," Webber said. "Calls for political violence are unacceptable. He needs to resign."
Rep. Shamed Dogan, R-Ballwin, said Love's post was "way over the line."
"Vandalizing property is wrong, but hoping for people to be hung/lynched over it??" Dogan wrote on Twitter. "Way over the line!!"
Vandalizing property is wrong, but hoping for people to be hung/lynched over it?? Way over the line!! What is wrong with us #moleg? pic.twitter.com/b0ulohvatQ — Shamed Dogan (@Dogan4Rep) August 30, 2017
And Rep. Bruce Franks Jr., D-St. Louis, reacted with surprise: "Damn Warren that's how you feel?"
Damn Warren that's how you feel? pic.twitter.com/DfSBGkYVzM — Bruce Franks Jr (@brucefranksjr) August 30, 2017
In February, Love referred to former President Abraham Lincoln as the "greatest tyrant and despot in American history" in another Facebook post. In January, Love made a reference to "the black Negro" during a hearing on prevailing wage legislation.
A statement from a high-ranking Missouri Democrat noted the recency of Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal's Facebook remark in which she said "I hope Trump is assassinated!"
"Such statements are never acceptable and, as with the earlier, the responsible lawmaker has forfeited the right to hold office," said Rep. Gail McCann Beatty, D-Kansas City. "Monuments to the Confederacy are monuments to white supremacy; there is no separating the two. While vandalism is a crime, its punishment is not extra-judicial murder."
"In calling for the lynching of those who vandalized a Confederate statute in Springfield, state rep. Warren Love invoked a form of political violence used throughout the South to keep African-Americans subjugated for generations following the fall of the Confederacy, and for that he must resign."
CLOSE Sons of Confederate Veterans. Video by Craig Bailey. Posted Aug. 25, 2017.
Love apologizes for his "cowboyism"
After this article published online, Love called the News-Leader and acknowledged he had "stirred up a hornet's nest" with he called a "cowboyism" and a "stupid commen."
Love said Tuesday he thought the post was deleted but clarified Wednesday it was still up; he had not been able to access it due to poor internet connectivity.
Love said he understood why people might be upset that he made a lynching remark about a Confederate monument.
"Basically, if I'd had said it in a politically correct way, I would have stated, you know, for that type of infraction or desecration, I would like to see them prosecuted to the full extent of the law," Love said. "That's what I should have said. But due to my stupid comment, I didn't."
Love said he was reminded of desecration in a rural cemetery in his district and characterized this kind of behavior as "plumb ornery."
"I used to turn s---houses over when I was a kid a little bit with some ornery boys," Love said, "but tearing up a cemetery to honor the dead or a monument to honor someone is just terrible, terrible. That's kind of my feelings about it."
Love reminded the News-Leader he had filed legislation to protect "objects of remembrance" in the past.
And as he had ancestors serve in both the Union and the Confederacy during the Civil War, Love said he was a member of both the Sons of Union Veterans and Sons of Confederate Veterans.
"Our purpose is to help protect the reputation and the integrity of our ancestors," he said.
He added that his initial statement — "I hope they are found & hung from a tall tree with a long rope" — was not meant literally.
"I do not believe that," he said. "That was a stupid statement."
He added he hoped his remark would not be "blown out of proportion."
"There'll be people who want to get me out of the legislature for some stupid-ass remark I made," he acknowledged, adding he had no plans to resign.
Love provided additional statements he said he made to his Facebook page, saying "anyone regardless of Age, Gender, or Race that would desecrate or vandalize an Object of Remembrance in a Cemetery is a low life that has no respect for Memorials that have been placed by loved ones or people that want to honor an individual" and adding he thought this kind of vandalism should be a felony offense."
"It appears that several people have interpreted a post I made about a penalty for Vandalizing an Object of Remembrance in a National Veterans Cemetery to be rather harsh and inciting violence," Love said in a separate statement. "I did not mean it that way and was only using (an) old Cowboy Statement that is a western custom of a penalty for thieves that steal Cattle & Horses.
"To all who this post offended I am very sorry. However I do believe it is very serious when a Cemetery or Object of remembrance is desecrated or vandalized and the penalty needs to be increased from a misdemeanor to a felony."
Read more:
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/2wTWqQP
NORMAN, Okla. — The president of the University of Oklahoma chastised members of a fraternity on Monday who participated in a racist chant caught on video, calling them disgraceful and their behaviour reprehensible.
Updated statement attached. – DBo http://t.co/xIvnd9otgu —
David Boren (@President_Boren) March 09, 2015
President David Boren joined students at a pre-dawn rally on the Norman campus, just hours after the Sigma Alpha Epsilon said an investigation confirmed the contents of the online video and announced the local chapter would close. The video shows several people chanting a racial slur and indicating blacks would never be admitted to the fraternity. The chant also references lynching.
“You are disgraceful,” Boren said, according to The Oklahoman newspaper. “Real Sooners are not bigots, real Sooners are not racist.”
The national fraternity released a statement Sunday night saying it was “embarrassed” by the “unacceptable and racist” behaviour. A fraternity is an organization of male college students in the U.S.
The video was first posted online by a black student group at the university. It wasn't immediately clear how it was obtained.
Boren also released a statement saying the university was investigating to see if the video showed university students. On Twitter, the president said the fraternity members had until “midnight tomorrow” to collect their things from the frat house.
“If OU students are involved, this behaviour will not be tolerated and will be addressed very quickly,” he said. “This behaviour is reprehensible and contrary to all our values.”
VIDEO BELOW (WARNING UNCENSORED LANGUAGE)
After watching the latest Doctor Who Christmas special, one thought kept sticking in our brains: When did the Doctor become so good at controlling his time machine, the TARDIS? He used to be unable to steer it at all.
The idea that the Doctor couldn't control his TARDIS was a huge part of the show's original concept. In the pilot, the Doctor kidnaps two schoolteachers from 1963 London and then decides to take them home after all — but for a year and a half, no matter what the Doctor does, he's unable to get Ian and Barbara back to their own time and place. (The closest he gets is when they arrive in the correct time and place, but only a few inches tall.)
Advertisement
Throughout the 1960s, companions poke fun at the Doctor's inability to land the TARDIS where, or when, he wants to, and it's a running joke that the machine has a mind of its own. (Something that it's since been hinted is more literally true.) And whenever the TARDIS lands somewhere at the start of an adventure, it generally stays there until the end, because if the Doctor tries to use it to get from point A to point B in the story, he'll probably wind up at point Z instead.
So when did this change?
After mulling this over for a bit, I'd have to say it started changing in the 1970s. First off, the Doctor gets trapped on Earth by the Time Lords, as a very dubious punishment for interfering in the affairs of lesser species. ("We'll punish you for meddling, by forcing you to live among the species you enjoy meddling with the most." It's sort of the Time Lord equivalent of torture via comfy chair.) After a year or so, though, the Doctor starts making trips in the TARDIS again, only the Time Lords are usually the ones sending him places where they need his delicate (ha) touch. The Time Lords, of course, have no trouble steering the TARDIS where they want it to go. And when they're done with him, the Doctor always bounces back to 1970s England.
Advertisement
But after the Time Lords release the Doctor from his exile, his control over the TARDIS seems to have improved marginally. For one thing, he can still always find his way back to late 20th century England, since half his supporting cast is waiting there. For another, he's able to follow Lynx the Sontaran back to the middle ages. And even though a big joke is made of the fact that the Doctor can't get the TARDIS to Metebelis 3 a few tries in a row, when Sarah Jane is in trouble there, he's suddenly able to steer the TARDIS to come to her aid just fine. In fact, he goes back and forth between Earth and Metebelis 3 a couple times in the final Jon Pertwee story, without winding up on ancient Raxacoricofallapatorius (as far as we know.)
Over the course of the Tom Baker era, the Doctor's control over his machine gets better and better. Sure, he boasts that he can take Sarah Jane from Scotland to London and arrive five minutes before they left — and totally fails to fulfill this promise. (But there are distress signals and Sutekh and confusing alien duplicates of England fouling him up.) On the plus side, though, he's able to steer the TARDIS to Scotland in the first place, in response to the Brigadier's telegraph requesting assistance.
Advertisement
(There's also the confusing thing where he sets the TARDIS controls for Antarctica, then flies a helicopter there, only to land the TARDIS in Antarctica on his next trip, when he's actually aiming for a beach planet.)
The following year, he's able to take the stone megalomaniac Eldrad back to the planet Kastria. He's able to travel back to his own homeworld, Gallifrey. He seems to land in Victorian London on purpose, since he and Leela both dressed for it. (Although his next trip hits Fang Rock instead of Brighton.) From then on, his control seems better and better. Even when the Doctor lands in the middle of an adventure at random, he's able to use the TARDIS to travel to someplace he needs to go, as necessary. (Like a medical asteroid, or the Fendahl homeworld.)
Advertisement
The Doctor's control over the TARDIS gets so good, in fact, that the show's writers seem to decide it's gone too far — so they introduce a random plot device. Literally.
At the end of "The Armageddon Factor," the Black Guardian — who's sort of a Space Devil with a bird on his head — swears eternal vengeance against the Doctor. The threat of the Black Guardian's vengeance is so terrible, the Doctor decides the only thing he can do is to install something called a Randomizer into the TARDIS — a device which makes the TARDIS land in random times and places. So the Doctor will never know where he's going, but neither will the vicious Black Guardian. Problem solved!
The Randomizer brings up all sorts of questions, which are never addressed. Like, wouldn't the TARDIS land in deep space almost every time? What's to stop the TARDIS materializing in the heart of a sun? Etc. etc. etc. Luckily, the writers pretty much ignore the Randomizer — until a year or so later, when the Doctor has to destroy it for some utterly random (sorry) reason.
Advertisement
Once the Randomizer's gone, it's pretty much the end of the Doctor's troubles with steering the TARDIS. He even remarks soon afterwards that "The TARDIS and I are getting rather better at these short hops." In this context, "short hop" means that he's piloting the TARDIS a mile or two, without traveling in time. That's a lot more precision than he'd been able to achieve even a few years earlier.
Soon enough, the Doctor is using the TARDIS to avoid walking a few miles, on a semi-regular basis. (I exaggerate slightly. But only slightly.) Just a year or so after the "short hops" comment, his companions Nyssa and Adric are even able to pilot the TARDIS a mile or so, from a forest to a country house, in "The Visitation." At the same time, the Doctor seems to be having trouble getting Tegan home to 1980-ish, causing her to scream at him. And the Doctor asks the TARDIS in exasparation why it keeps bringing him to 20th century Earth. (Just not the year Tegan wants.)
Advertisement
Pretty much throughout the 1980s, the Doctor seems to be able to get where he's going most of the time, even though the trope of the TARDIS having a mind of its own remains a potent one. A lot of the Doctor's steering ability seems to depend on quite how badly he wants to get somewhere, and what's at stake. (If you were cynical, you might argue that it really depends on whether the plot needs the Doctor to be able to steer the TARDIS or not.) The TARDIS is also increasingly vulnerable to collisions, time/space tunnels, and other assorted hazards that knock it off course.
And of course, the Sylvester McCoy version of the Doctor, with his constant scheming and habit of being ninety seven steps ahead of his enemies — plus his habit of taking his companion Ace to various locations and times where he wanted her to confront something traumatic — relied on the TARDIS being more or less controllable.
Advertisement
Then we jump forward to the new series, and apart from the occasional joke about the Doctor not having read the manual, I'm racking my brain to think of a time when he didn't have perfect control over the old girl. (Edited to add: as various people have pointed out in the comments, he has had some steering mishaps, especially in the Christopher Ecclestone era, like when he brings Rose home a year late. Post-Ecclestone, a lot of the steering mishaps seem to be of the "something interferes with the TARDIS or seizes control over it" variety, but not all. And the massive overshoot in "The Eleventh Hour" seems to be caused by a newly regenerated Doctor and TARDIS both having glitches.)
Of course, even though the Randomizer was a clunky plot device that pretty much never made sense, you can see why the writers wanted to introduce it — a Doctor whose destinations are totally random is more flawed and vulnerable, and thus possibly more fascinating. Plus with the Randomizer, he pretty much could never use the TARDIS to solve his problems.
Zexy meets up with some old friends and shares some Pokémon Contest advice.
Okay, I actually drew something else rather soon! Too bad it took me all day! And too bad that laziness took a hold of me really fast. I spent far too long failing at attempting to work with Gimp and a trial version of Paint Tool Sai, so maybe that might've contributed to my fatigue. And hand cramping up. (Got stuck with using Sketchbook Express on my Surface Pro)
In any case, this is another drawing based off Twitch Plays Pokémon and my head canon that's been influenced by others. M4 the Azumarill took part in two Pokémon Contests (both were Cool, I believe), and failed both (though she did a whole lot better on the second time). The trainer then tried mixing some Pokeblocks with some others who, for whatever reason, thought she would've been awesome at blending some Pokeblocks. I'm sure there are plenty of interpretations as to what happened to Dottie the Ninjask, but in my head canon, she sought after Zexy.
Also, guns! Too complicated for me! They're so angular and full of straight lines.
Also also, the trainer didn't come out as adorable as before. I should've drawn her first when I still have more energy :(
About
Clover Complex- A Short Film
Passionless moments are lost in memory unless provoked by a shared human experience.
*The short video was shot by Flynn Drew.
MEET THE CREW:
Screenwriter: Regan Young
When writing characters for a story, Regan often searches the motivations among the strange and idiosyncratic. His stories often befriend the quiet peculiar to an audience, revealing the oddities that reflect our universal human behavior.
He believes that everyone on the planet shares cinematic beyond-anecdotal moments that are both incredibly unique and unspoken for.
The conflict exists in that most of these events occur behind closed doors. When a character is alone at home, no governors exist for the absurd or fanatical action.
In our comfortable seclusion, we portray our truest and most honest identity. In this becomes the curiosity of a character to the writer.
In writing Clover Complex, Regan explores the matchless humor in the absurdity of an unseen moment. He uses a shared experience of residents in an apartment complex as a vehicle for the audience to travel between the many quirks of neighbors. He believes this story will highlight a relatable shade of humanity that is habitually forgotten.
Where in life his characters may remain silent in explanation of “what they were doing when…” Regan provides the reader a voyeuristic eye to show the honest moments of isolation leading up to a unexpected event shared by all characters.
Director: Anastasia Mikolyuk
Anastasia Mikolyuk is an Israeli-born, Chicago based director. She is a determined storyteller fascinated by the unusual. Anastasia's films often uncover conflicts within social issues. Her creative vision and humanitarian style intends to better the planet by inspiring her audiences to take the next step towards social change.
In her narrative ventures, Anastasia accepts the challenge of an unusual project with open arms, often approaching each obstacle with a scientific eye. Formal structure and technique are often flipped for the means of originality and creative authorship.
With this unique voice, Anastasia intends to tackle "Clover Complex" with an artistic vision and philosophy that matches the peculiarity of the characters found within the text.
Producer: Marlena Damico
Marlena Damico is an ambitious senior in the 2nd BA program at Columbia College Chicago with a focus in both Producing and Directing. She has worked on over ten Columbia College productions in just a semester and a half. Her love of non-dialogue short filmmaking instantly drew her into the project with a passion and spark to visualize this character's stories.
Marlena Damico is a highly focused Producer and Director who allows her love of storytelling to guide her in creative pursuit. During her education at Columbia College Chicago where she attained her 2nd BA in Film and Video, she was famous for producing multiple projects at once with professional grace. We are excited to have her aboard Clover Complex as she has an infectious passion for the story and her craft.
Cinematographer: Paige Hochstatter
Paige Hochstatter is a Junior at Columbia College Chicago. She has been interested in creative compositions and lighting since owning her fist camera in middle school. Making the story come to life in both subtle and dramatic ways with use of stylistic framing is one of her favorite elements of cinematography.
Production Designer: Rachel Cole
Rachel Cole is a Sophomore at Columbia College. She found her place in Art Department early on and has been working with a close-knit art crew ever since. She has done many different jobs within art with a passion for designing and set decorating. She loves to research and create her own unique pieces for each set.
This project matches her style for bringing out character's personalities through detailed stylized design. She likes to thoroughly think through each detail and strives to have a reason for everything. Nothing is made just to look pretty.
WHAT THE MONEY WILL GO TO:
In order to have a successful film, you have to have a happy crew. In order to have a happy crew, we must provide them with everything necessary for for a great day's work on set.
This means budgeting for the art department to rent props, build the set, and create the wardrobe; renting a studio sound stage; providing nutritious food for the cast and crew; renting lights and a truck, and investing in post-production and marketing.
Your pledge will also allow us to submit the film to as many festivals as possible, this in turn allows us to screen the film to thousands of important viewers and critics.
THE MEANING:
Jim Morrison said it best, "People are strange."
That's exactly what we intend to explore.
Clover Complex is important because it examines a new type of storytelling. A voyeuristic approach in examining the strange and mundane rituals that occur behind the closed doors of your neighbors.
All of these actions occur in the microcosm of Clover Complex, a run-down apartment complex in the heart of the American city.
The narrative is that like a tapestry piece combining never before seen characters and actions that reflect upon and satirize the human experience.
This also and most importantly serves as our thesis film, and achieving this goal will not only help all of us graduate, but also create a much stronger and diverse portfolio that we can take into higher education.
Barack Obama asked his Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to skip today's inaugural ceremony, in case of an attack on the Capitol or some other accident.
Johnson was the 'designated survivor, the cabinet member taken to a secure location in case something happens to the president, vice president, congressional leaders and other secretaries ahead of him in the line of succession, the Obama White House said.
But a Republican senator has since said that he was the designated survivor. President Pro Tempore of the Senate Orrin Hatch says Donald Trump asked him.
Barack Obama's Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson was asked to skip today's inaugural ceremony, in case of an attack on the Capitol or some other accident. But President Pro Tempore of the Senate Orrin Hatch says Donald Trump asked him
The 'designated survivor' is usually a cabinet member, taken to a secure location in case something happens to the president, vice president, congressional leaders and other secretaries ahead of him in the line of succession
The president names a designated survivor anytime the cabinet and Members of Congress in the line of succession convene, as they did today at the U.S. Capitol
Hatch's office said in a statement that he was 'absent from the ceremony in keeping with procedures for the continuity of government' and was at an 'undisclosed location for the duration of the event.'
'At the request of President Donald Trump, I am honored to fulfill the role of designated presidential successor during the inauguration,' he said in a statement.
'As much as I would have liked to participate in the ceremony and festivities, I am honored to perform this important constitutional duty, which ensures the continuity of government.'
Because President Donald Trump's cabinet hasn't been confirmed, it seems Obama asked one of his cabinet secretaries to do the job today, even though Hatch, a Utah senator, outranks him.
The Obama White House said that Johnson was tapped to be the designated survivor to ensure the continuity of government.
Any person in the line of succession can be the designated survivor, including members of Congress, as long as they were born in the United States. Typically the role is filled by someone in the president's cabinet however.
Johnson and Hatch shared the designated survivor designation during Obama's 2016 State of the Union. The White House said it asked Johnson, but Hatch said he was skipping the speech, too.
For Johnson to become president, President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and every other member of Obama's cabinet would have had to be indisposed.
The Homeland Security secretary is the last in the line of succession.
After Trump and Pence, the power is handed to House Speaker Paul Ryan, then President pro tempore of the Senate, Hatch. Both are Republicans.
Next in line is the secretary of state, John Kerry, then Treasury, Jacob Lew, Defense, Ash Carter and attorney general, Loretta Lynch.
Interior is currently skipped over. Secretary Sally Jewell is not a natural-born American, a requirement to serve as president.
The president names a designated survivor any time the cabinet and Members of Congress in the line of succession convene, as they do each year for the president's State of the Union address, also at the U.S. Capitol.
Johnson filled the role today at the request of the exiting president, Obama, as top current and former government officials gathered at the West Front of the Capitol in Washington, D.C. for Trump's inauguration. Hatch sat it out, too, at the request of the incoming president, Trump, he said.
DAVAO CITY—The city government's public safety office is planning to require Muslim women to take off their burqas upon entering malls as a security measure.
A group was quick to call this “discriminatory” against Muslims.
ADVERTISEMENT
Benito de Leon, the new head of the Public Safety and Security Command Center (PSSCC), said the plan was part of security protocol following the Sept. 2 night market blast that killed 15 people and wounded at least 69 others.
For inspection
De Leon, however, said that apart from burqas, caps, bonnets, sunglasses and other bodily accessories that could conceal a person's identity would be ordered taken off upon entering malls and other establishments.
“We will be requiring people, upon entering malls and other establishments, to remove their caps, bonnets, sunglasses, including hijabs (for women) for inspection,” De Leon said, apparently referring to the burqa, which covers the entire face except for the eyes. “Anything that can conceal their faces or identities.”
The group Suara Bangsamoro assailed the plan, saying this was discriminatory against Muslims and disrespectful of their religious belief and culture.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Submitted by Alexander Mercouris via TheDuran.com,
Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payloads.
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia's heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (“ICBMs”) – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia's new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018.
The picture is accompanied by a short statement which reads
“In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government ‘On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,' the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat's development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia's strategic forces.”
The Sarmat is the planned replacement of the R-36 family of Russian ICBMs, which entered service with the Soviet armed forces in the 1960s. The R-36 family culminated in a series of missiles known in the USSR and Russia as the R-36M, which entered service in the 1970s. With a throw weight of 8,800 kg these were the heaviest and most powerful ICBMs built up to now. Here is a video of one being launched:
The specifications of the Sarmat have not been disclosed and are classified. However it is believed to be a significantly smaller and lighter missile than the R-36 family, but to have a larger throw weight of up to 10,000 kg.
Advances in the chemical industry and in the design of rocket engines since the 1960s have made it possible to build smaller and lighter rockets having the same or greater capability as the heavier rockets designed in the 1960s.
The Sarmat has been specifically designed to defeat the US's Anti Ballistic Missile systems, which are being deployed in eastern Europe.
Its range of countermeasures is classified and not known. However it is believed the Sarmat is capable of manoeuvres during its flight trajectory to confuse incoming missiles, that it is able to launch decoys – also to confuse incoming interceptor missiles – and that at least one of the warheads being designed for it is a hypersonic warhead, which rumours say was tested successfully in April, and which is believed to be impervious to interception by incoming missiles.
A little mentioned fact about the military strategic balance between the US and Russia, is that Russia has been steadily upgrading its strategic deterrent with new advanced missiles, which are entirely different to those of the 1960s, which formed the basis of the Soviet strategic deterrent.
These include the Topol and Yars light road mobile solid fuel ICBMs, and the very advanced solid fuelled Bulava ICBM, which is sea launched from Russia's advanced Borei strategic nuclear missile submarines. (Below)
Topol ICBM
Yars ICBM
Bulava ICBM
Borei-class Strategic Nuclear Submarine
By contrast the US strategic deterrent still relies on missile systems such as the ground-based Minuteman III and the sea launched Trident II, which have their origins in the 1960s and early 1970s.
With the Sarmat missile, which is supposed to enter service in 2018, the Russians will add another powerful modern advanced system to their strategic armoury.
Americans are moving to Mexico for work? This seems quite anomalous to many, considering that historically and currently millions of Mexicans continue to immigrate, legally and illegally, to the U.S. in search of a better (and more lucrative) life.
But more than 1 million Americans have made Mexico their home of late, a trend that shows no signs of slowing down. They've flocked there for a variety of reasons, including its warmer climate, selling points as a place to raise children and retire, inexpensive health care and, more than ever before, work opportunities.
This emerging trend should not come as a surprise. We see tens of thousands of legal border crossings every day from the U.S. into Mexico for commercial, tourist and cultural interests. More than 18,000 companies with American investments have operations in Mexico. In fact, the U.S. accounts for 47% of all foreign investment in Mexico, and in 2007, Mexico was the world's eighth-largest crude exporter and the third-largest supplier of oil to the U.S.
As such, Mexico's economy is highly dependent upon its exports to the U.S., including petroleum, automobile parts and electronic equipment, accounting for more than 25% percent of its GDP. And while the recent economic slowdown has caused significant declines in manufacturing, exports and investment on both sides of the border, it has resulted in a jump in Americans heading south.
As unemployment in the U.S. climbs past 10%, what does Mexico offer to Americans looking for work? For starters, Mexico offers a comprehensive health care plan for a flat fee of $250 per annum. This can be very attractive to an American family struggling with limited income and mounting medical bills, or to an individual simply unable to afford the high premiums. Although significant differences exist in the level of medical care provided in Mexico compared with the U.S., many Americans, given the current economic climate, see it as a worthy trade-off.
Likewise, many families are willing to settle for lower-paying jobs in Mexico because of the significantly lower cost of child care, housing and food, while entrepreneurs are willing to take business risks there amid the recession. But working in Mexico isn't easy: There is paperwork involved, not to mention language barriers and discrimination--many of the things that plague Mexicans, legal or not, in the U.S. today.
As with American immigration law, anyone intending to live or work in Mexico for purposes other than tourism must apply for either an immigrant or non-immigrant visa. The Mexican Consulate in New York reports a 40% increase in the number of Americans inquiring about moving to Mexico. Just as Spanish-speaking immigrants in the U.S. often need a third party to help them understand the many documents that need to be filled out, it is wise for Americans looking to go south to take at least one Spanish language course before moving abroad, and to consult a third party in the U.S. who can help them navigate the paperwork.
Considering the contentious history of Mexican immigration to the U.S., it's a curious turn of events to discuss American emigration to Mexico. Many of the same issues that taint American perception of Mexicans apply to Americans moving to Mexico; for example, the language barrier, economic opportunities and whether or not proper immigration procedures are being followed. It's common for people to emigrate to new countries in search of better opportunities, but Mexico's current status as an economic safe haven is indeed something different.
Michael Wildes is managing partner of NYC-based immigration law firm Wildes & Weinberg, the mayor of Englewood, N.J., and a former federal prosecutor.
Read more Forbes opinions here.
Adnan Rasool bowled four overs against Kolkata Knight Riders © BCCI
Lahore Lions offspinner Adnan Rasool has been reported for a suspect bowling action, following his team's four-wicket loss to Kolkata Knight Riders in the Champions League Twenty20 in Hyderabad on Sunday.
Rasool has been placed on a warning list, but can continue to play and bowl in a match. However, according to the CLT20 Suspected Illegal Bowling Action policy, if he receives a report while on the warning list, he will be suspended from bowling for the remainder of the tournament and from bowling in any matches organised by the BCCI until he is cleared. Under CLT20 guidelines, Rasool may also request for an official assessment from the BCCI's suspect bowling action committee.
Rasool bowled four overs, conceding 28 runs and taking one wicket, as Lions succumbed to a four-wicket defeat. After the match, Rasool was reported by the on-field umpires Kumar Dharmasena and Chettithody Shamshuddin, as well as the third umpire Anil Chaudhary.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Editor's note: This story first appeared on PR Daily in May.
In one of the early scenes of the film “The Princess Bride,” a mysterious man in black is pursuing the kidnapper Vizzini.
[Editor's note: If you haven't seen this movie, stop reading this article right now —slap yourself across the face—and go watch it.]
When Inigo Montoya (one of Vizzini's hired hands) points out that they are being followed, Vizzini responds that it is “inconceivable.” With the man in black closing in, and Vizzini still insisting that this is “inconceivable,” Inigo says to him: “You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.”
Here are eight words (beyond “inconceivable”) that may not mean what you think they mean:
1. Comprise
To comprise is to enclose or include. Comprise is used in the active voice; therefore, “comprised of” is not correct. For example, The university comprises six colleges and nine divisions.
Comprise is often confused with compose, which means to make up or be a constituent of. Compose can be used in the passive voice. The company is composed of four employees.
2. Forgo
Forgo means to do without, bypass, or abstain from. It is often confused with forego (as in “a foregone conclusion”), which means to precede. For instance, Liz was so engrossed in her book that she decided to forgo lunch and read instead.
3. Imply
Imply is often used incorrectly as a synonym for infer. To imply is to speak indirectly or suggest.You are implying that bank robbery is our only alternative. To infer is to surmise or conclude. I infer from your statement that you agree with this solution. Remember that one draws an inference.
4. Less
Less is often confused with fewer. Use less to refer to quantities that can't be counted and fewer to refer to numbers.There were fewer people in the office today is incorrect, because people can be counted. Instead say: There were fewer people in the office today.
5. Literally
Literally means “in the exact meaning of the word(s),” and use of this word permits no figurative use or exaggeration. For instance, this sentence—Editing that article literally killed me—means that you died at your desk.
6. Poisonous
Poisonous—often confused with venomous—means a plant, animal, or substance capable of causing death or illness if taken into the body. Venomous means capable of injecting venom.
A rattlesnake is not itself poisonous, because if you eat one it won't poison you. A blowfish will kill you if you eat it, so it is poisonous, but not venomous.
7. Precision
In science writing, precision is how close a set of measured values are to each other. Precision is often confused with accuracy, which means how close a measured value is to the true value. Confused? As explained on Mathisfun.com, “If you are playing soccer and you always hit the left goal post instead of scoring, then you are not accurate, but you are precise!”
8. Unique
Unique means being the only one of its kind, unlike anything else. It does not mean simply “unusual” or “rare.” For example, something isn't “very unique.” It's just unique.
As part of the tour, we were allowed to see the author's unique existing handwritten manuscript.
According to the Oxford Dictionaries, unique is included in a set of adjectives whose meaning is absolute and cannot be modified by adverbs conveying degree, such as “really,” “quite,” or “very.” Something is either unique or not; therefore, “very unique” is meaningless. Other “absolute adjectives” include complete, equal, infinite, and perfect.
Readers, care to share any other commonly misunderstood words?
Laura Hale Brockway an Austin-based writer and editor and is the author of the grammar/usage/random thoughts blog, impertinentremarks.com.
(Image via)
Introducing ‘body privilege'
The wide variety of healthy lifestyle programs at Colorado College are bodyshaming, argues senior Jade Frost in an op-ed in The Feminist Wire. And in particular, the programs are hurtful to overweight men because they emasculate them, she adds.
“Several aspects of the CC community such as numerous healthy eating habits, gym programs, and outdoor activities, foster a culture of body-shaming even for male students,” Frost writes in the Wire.
“While I am not suggesting that these aspects are detrimental in and of themselves, I argue that the College values these things [healthy lifestyle programs] in ways that are overwhelming and exclusionary. I focus on men because although the ‘CC Culture' is promoting a healthy lifestyle, it is also promoting body dissatisfaction, as well as making it difficult to navigate public spaces for the men on campus,” writes Frost, who is a double major in feminist and gender studies and English.
The targets of ire in the op-ed include a “Tigers Don't Waste” program that aims to remind students not to consume too much, a fitness center that has “an unspoken rule that the cardio section is for the feminine and the weight room is for the masculine,” and a push for male students to participate in outdoor activities.
What's more, she adds, the cafeteria offers tons of healthy food options, and in the everyday background of the campus are all these physically fit young men — “male students with their slight bulge of biceps, flat and sometimes rigid torsos, strong calves running effortlessly at 6,035 ft. of elevation. The campus [is] crawling with future male models for Patagonia, REI, and North Face.”
In effect, the healthy at Colorado College enjoy “body privilege,” and students who are not fit “are seen as not having body management,” Frost argues.
She likens such bodyshaming at her school to the time last year when the all-female Bryn Mawr College infamously sent students identified as overweight their BMIs (body mass index) and gave them tips on how to lose weight.
Read Frost's full op-ed.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Shutterstock
Abdul Jabbar al Aqidi was commander of and spokesman for the Free Syrian Army in Aleppo until November 2013. Before the war broke out in Syria, he was a colonel in the Syrian army.The opinions expressed in this article belong to the author.
(CNN) In the summer of 2012 , with fewer than 500 fighters and in under a week, the Free Syrian Army took control of 70 neighbourhoods of the city of Aleppo. It happened during the month of Ramadan -- the residents of the city gave us food and drink to break our fast.
We liberated the city from Assad's government forces to protect the residents from his brutal crackdown . We were not interested in money, power or control. We simply wanted to fight for the dignity and freedom of the people.
It was an Odyssey. We had been coordinating with sleeper cells inside the city for four months in advance. That's why when the revolutionaries entered Aleppo from the suburbs it practically fell from the regime's control right away.
For the next year, people enjoyed the freedom that they had always longed for. Protests against the regime were taking place every day. Coordination committees, a provincial council, and municipal bodies had sprung up to manage the city.
But since the end of 2013, the situation began to change and we began to lose Aleppo for various reasons.
First, there was ISIS. This group initially fought on our side, but then stabbed us in the back and began fighting us. The revolutionaries who initially came to the city of Aleppo from the suburbs of Maree, Atareb, Azaz, Tal Rifaat, al-Bab and Jarablus had to return to their villages and towns to defend them from ISIS.
On top of trying to maintain our gains in Aleppo from the regime, we had fierce battles with ISIS in the outskirts. In those battles, many of the fighters who led the Aleppo battles were kidnapped or assassinated. Others had to flee to Turkey in fear of assassination. Our battle with ISIS continues to this very day. They left behind booby traps that continue to kill people in the suburbs of Aleppo on a daily basis.
Simultaneously, we found ourselves fighting against the YPG -- the Syrian offshoot of the Kurdish militant group PKK -- who wanted to take over areas liberated from ISIS [that were essential to connecting the western and eastern semi-autonomous Kurdish areas in Syria.
The involvement of Russia in Syria played an integral role in tipping the balance back to the regime. Russia adopted a scorched earth policy, burning everything in eastern Aleppo to prevent the fighters from hiding anywhere. The Russians used all kinds of heavy weaponry, including those that are internationally prohibited.
With the help of Russia, the regime was able to advance significantly. On the ground, it had the full backing of Hezbollah and other Shia militias. Assad had solid backing from his allies.
Meanwhile, the financial and military support the opposition fighters received actually divided us. The US and its allies in the region supported different groups with different types of support, causing disunity and infighting among the rebels. There was an effort to sideline the senior officers who defected from Assad's army at the beginning.
JUST WATCHED Former top UN official: We failed Syria Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former top UN official: We failed Syria 07:07
Last year, I myself tried to return to Aleppo to help in the battle, but I found no place. I was given no tools nor the authority to achieve anything. Those who were supported -- while dedicated to the cause -- had no military experience whatsoever. If we look at the fighters in Aleppo now, there is not a single qualified military officer.
In my opinion, it seems that the US and its allies were not really interested in us defeating Assad. They were interested in keeping the battles going as. I can't think of any other reason as to why experienced officers would be sidelined.
Beside the solid support Assad is getting from his loyal allies, it's worth mentioning that since last year, the regime began to enter into reconciliation initiatives with opposition groups in other parts of the country, including Deraa and the suburbs of Damascus. With those frontlines being cold, the regime was able to focus its full manpower on Aleppo.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
These are the factors which I believe have led to we are today. But I am not regretful. In fact, I am proud of my work and my leadership of the Aleppo battles. There was no other way to do this.
The fight is not over, but the tree of freedom can only be nurtured with blood.
Dear Constant Readers, At some point, while worrying over the copyedited manuscript of the next book (11/22/63, out November 8th), I started thinking—and dreaming—about Mid-World again. The major story of Roland and his ka-tet was told, but I realized there was at least one hole in the narrative progression: what happened to Roland, Jake, Eddie, Susannah, and Oy between the time they leave the Emerald City (the end of Wizard and Glass) and the time we pick them up again, on the outskirts of Calla Bryn Sturgis (the beginning of Wolves of the Calla)? There was a storm, I decided. One of sudden and vicious intensity. The kind to which billy-bumblers like Oy are particularly susceptible. Little by little, a story began to take shape. I saw a line of riders, one of them Roland's old mate, Jamie DeCurry, emerging from clouds of alkali dust thrown by a high wind. I saw a severed head on a fencepost. I saw a swamp full of dangers and terrors. I saw just enough to want to see the rest. Long story short, I went back to visit an-tet with my friends for awhile. The result is a novel called The Wind Through the Keyhole. It's finished, and I expect it will be published next year. It won't tell you much that's new about Roland and his friends, but there's a lot none of us knew about Mid-World, both past and present. The novel is shorter than DT 2-7, but quite a bit longer than the first volume—call this one DT-4.5. It's not going to change anybody's life, but God, I had fun. -- Steve King
Robert Durst is escorted into Orleans Parish Prison after his arraignment Tuesday (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert).
In one of the many chilling moments of HBO's The Jinx, murder suspect and Manhattan real estate heir Robert Durst mumbles to himself during a break from his interview with director Andrew Jarecki, seemingly oblivious to the microphone still recording from its perch on his sweater. Durst was quietly rehearsing how to explain his previous murder testimony when his lawyer alerted him to the hot mic.
“I never intentionally, purposefully lied,” he repeated to his lawyer, his voice crescendoing. Durst added matter-of-factly: “I made mistakes. I did not tell the whole truth. Nobody tells the whole truth.”
The six-episode documentary series, which began airing in February, implies that Durst didn't tell the whole truth when he was tried and acquitted for the murder of neighbor Morris Black in 2001. It also suggests he had a hand in the disappearance of wife Kathleen Durst in 1982 and death of friend Susan Berman in 2000. The most damning evidence, it seems, is a letter from Durst recovered by Berman's adopted son. The handwriting in the letter bears a striking resemblance to the handwriting found on a note sent to police by Berman's killer in 2000. In a second, climactic interview with Durst, Jarecki presents him with both documents. Amid belches hinting he might get physically sick, the 71-year-old panned the comparison. Yet after the interview he seemingly confessed to murdering all three people–on another hot mic, no less–before the screen, and series, faded to black.
The Jinx was no doubt a journalistic coup for Jarecki, co-writer Marc Smerling, and HBO. Durst was arrested Saturday in New Orleans in connection with Berman's death—although it's still unclear whether that came as a result of the program. But soon after its bombshell conclusion on Sunday night, questions arose regarding the final episode's timeline, as well as filmmakers' cooperation with police since unearthing new evidence. The finale appears to have misled viewers about the chronology of events, namely flipping the order of Durst's interview with Jarecki and his 2013 arrest for violating his brother's restraining order. Jarecki and Smerling dodged the question in an interview with The New York Times on Monday, and they've since canceled other media appearances and released a statement denying interview requests.
The confusion doesn't nullify the rest of Jarecki & Co.'s investigation, but it does resurrect familiar questions for the genre. Documentarians don't boast the same flexibility as writers–they generally need audio or video recordings of events in order to advance stories–and real-life chronology is easily sacrificed for theatrical effect. The issue emerging from The Jinx is where journalism ends and entertainment begins. That line has grown increasingly blurry in recent years, and the massive success of HBO's series and its true-crime counterpart, Serial, suggest the trend could continue.
Both of the narrative-driven works take on a cinematic form, enticing their audiences to return with the implicit promise that more damning evidence would be unearthed in subsequent episodes. They also allowed viewers to peak behind the curtain. If Serial taught us anything–and The Jinx cemented this lesson–it's that audiences are interested in methodology. Much of the HBO series finale focused on Jarecki's preparation for his last sit-down with Durst, including personal admissions of pre-interview jitters and fear for his safety.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
How the two shows differ lies mostly in their conclusions, as many Serial detractors criticized its ambiguous ending. Host Sarah Koenig did not find a smoking gun that could prove Adnan Syed's innocence or guilt–she hedged her personal judgment of him after laying all the evidence out for listeners. That was responsible journalism, regardless of whether there was no ultimate payoff or dramatic closure for the audience.
It couldn't differ more from The Jinx, in which filmmakers seem certain of their own analyses. Handwritten letters from Durst and Berman's killer appear incredibly similar and incriminating to a layperson. And the film's subsequent portrayals of Jarecki, his crew, and a number of interview subjects bolsters this sentiment.
I made mistakes. I did not tell the whole truth. Nobody tells the whole truth.
That conviction, coupled with the final episode's focus on how Jarecki's team prepares for the interview, puts viewers on the inside. They know what Durst allegedly knows before he realizes as much. This makes for a uniquely inclusive reporting experience, one made especially suspenseful as the series' clock steadily winds down. Durst doesn't cop to Berman's murder during that interview, though he does appear to privately admit all three slayings as the episode concludes.
It was too good to be true, of course–not Durst's apparent confession but rather the timeline of events leading up to it. The final episode begins with Jarecki struggling to gain additional access to the real estate heir. And when Durst is arrested for violating his brother's restraining order, the show implies that Jarecki leveraged this news to land a final interview, eventually portrayed in the series' final moments. But Durst's arrest came in August 2013, a year after the interview actually took place.
It's unclear why Jarecki & Co. would rearrange those events. Simply omitting Durst's arrest from the episode wouldn't have prohibited such a conclusion–for the purposes of the broader investigation, that arrest was moot. The decision doesn't appear to be so much an ethical lapse as deliberate obfuscation, an attempt to cram as much information as possible through a neat storytelling window.
The opportunity to end the show with Durst's confession is seductive, to be sure. And it was pulled off masterfully, giving the audience something truly dramatic. The Jinx succeeded where Serial did not: It got its man.
But not without a cost. Crime is emblematic of the world's natural state of chaos, and punishment is the human reaction to it, an effort to restore order. Neither of those phenomena is suited for tidy narrative arcs, regardless of audience or editorial pressure to mold them as such. The Jinx's attempt to do so seems inexplicable in this particular case, and the filmmakers haven't offered up any explanations as to why.
As Durst said during the break from his first interview, “Nobody tells the whole truth.”
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
David Uberti is a writer in New York. He was previously a media reporter for Gizmodo Media Group and a staff writer for CJR. Follow him on Twitter @DavidUberti.
Najam Sethi, the chairman of the interim management committee running the PCB, has said the Pakistan board wants clarification from the ICC on the "inconsistency" in the application of the ball-tampering rule. Pakistan's Shahid Afridi was banned for two Twenty20s in early 2010 for a ball-tampering offence that was loosely similar to the one involving Faf du Plessis in Dubai, for which du Plessis has been fined.
Sethi tweeted on Saturday evening: "PCB is writing letter to ICC seeking explanation of inconsistency by match referee in application of ball tampering rule to Afridi vs Faf." The PCB confirmed to ESPNcricinfo that this was the case.
Waqar Younis, speaking to ESPNcricinfo after the Test finished, also believed the fine was lenient: "I think, to be very honest, Faf got away with it with just 50% of the match fee. I thought it was a bit of frustration from the South Africans, they did not need to do that. It leaves a big question mark on South Africa's credibility."
Ball-tampering, which is a level two offence, comes with a fine of 50 to 100% of the match fee, and/or a ban of one Test or two limited-overs games.
Shahid Afridi had picked up a two-T20 ban after his 'biting' episode
Afridi had pleaded guilty to ball-tampering during an Australia-Pakistan ODI, in which he was captaining, in Perth, In January 2010. He was charged with an article 2.2.9 offence of the ICC code of conduct which relates to "changing the condition of the ball in breach of law 42.3 of the laws of cricket". Afridi was seen on television apparently biting the ball on a couple of occasions. His transgression was picked up the by the third umpire, and reported to the on-field umpires, who, after a chat with Afridi, changed the ball. Afridi was called into a hearing with the match referee Ranjan Madugalle immediately after the match, where he apologised for his actions.
Du Plessis pleaded guilty to the charge of ball-tampering during the Dubai Test on Friday, and was fined 50% of his match fee by match referee David Boon. In du Plessis' case, the incident occurred following television visuals of du Plessis rubbing the ball near the zipper of his trouser pocket. The TV umpire brought it to the attention of the on-field umpires Ian Gould and Rod Tucker, who called Graeme Smith over for a chat and subsequently changed the ball and awarded a five-run penalty against South Africa, sanctions that are consistent with the penalty for unlawfully changing the condition of the ball.
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq, speaking after the Test, refrained from commenting on the issue. "It has nothing to do with us," Misbah said. "It's between the match officials and their team. It's none of our business."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
If the usage of the singular verb tense with a plural subject bothered you…good! I like you already. But guess what? It's not incorrect because we're talking about Four Roses Bourbon. And cheese. Not grammar. Clearly. Because as you'll see, I'm fond of sentence fragments. But back to the Bourbon and cheese.
Yep. Bourbon and cheese. Way back in September, when Juno and Linus were but a twinkle in our beloved meteorologists' eyes, I went to an event which paired Four Roses Bourbon and cheese at the French Cheese Board in Manhattan. Max McCalman, Maitre Fromagier (expert cheese guy) hosted the event and created the pairings with three Four Roses bourbons. Max was out to dispel the notion that you can only pair wine and cheese, and in my book, he succeeded.
The first cheese was Mimolette. This is a bright orange, crystalline cheese that's almost like a parmesan and was paired with Four Roses Yellow Label. Max referred to it as “an introductory cheese with an introductory bourbon”. The saltiness of the cheese was a beautiful match for the fruit forward flavors in the bourbon. Picture a cheese plate accompanied by pears and apples – that's what it was like.
The second pairing (which was my favorite) was Comte and Four Roses Small Batch. Comte is a semi-hard cheese with a creamy texture and nutty aroma. This cheese has a long finish and held up great to the 45% ABV of Four Roses Small Batch. Max said he paired them because he felt they brought out the vanillin in each other. I did too. For me this pairing exemplified what pairings are all about; each elevated the other creating an entirely new flavor – a really delicious one.
Lincoln Log inspired cheese display. Or Jenga. You choose. Play nice!
The last pairing was Four Roses Single Barrel and Epoisse. Epoisse is a super soft, stinky cheese that is so gooey it almost needs to be eaten with a spoon. Max called bourbon “America's Cognac” and the plum and spiciness of Four Roses Single Barrel make a good case for that. This was a really rich, salty cheese that needed a powerhouse of a bourbon like Four Roses Single Barrel to stand up to it. Forget dessert, I'll take this (and a glass of water).
So next time you're enjoying a cheese plate, why not try it with bourbon?
________________________________________
Many thanks to the Booze Dancing crew for letting me cover this event and to The Baddish Group for the invitation!
One of the great banking laws in this country is the mandatory APR for loans. That's a calculation that allows consumers to easily compare loans that have different fees, terms, and rates, making it all apples to apples.
We need the same type of law for home buying. The formula should show the total cost of the home including energy use, water, and maintenance, under some standard set of assumptions.
That sort of number would be a big help to consumers. But more important, it would give home builders an incentive to exceed minimum energy efficiency standards, and make maintenance cheap. At the moment, energy efficiency is somewhat invisible to the buyer. Buyers aren't willing to pay more for a vague concept. But they might pay more for a home that costs them less in the long run, if they trusted the calculation.
That's my world-saving idea for today. If that doesn't save the world, I will come up with something else tomorrow.
My name is Will aka. Ghost Broccoli I'm 26 Years old and my mom says I'm handsome so it must be true I'm a young Negro American with a fetish for Winnie the Pooh and Darkwing Duck. I also write for Blacknerdproblems~ Here you'll find comics, anime and other random awesomeness
#5.Spider-Man Gives Birth to Himself
In a storyline titled “Changes,” Spider-Man has to fight The Queen, a ridiculously powerful villainess no one has ever heard of before. Her powers are insect-related, so she picks Spider-Man to make spider-babies with (spiders aren't actually insects but just go with it). The Queen kicks his ass in their first fight and then proceeds to rape him in the mouth. Which looks like this:
The Queen eventually lets Spider-Man escape, having accomplished her goal. Later that night Peter finds out that the kiss had a side-effect: it's turning him in a real spider.
The Queen then tracks Spider-Spider-Man down and takes him to her lair, where he can finish his transformation into Frodo's worst nightmare. Oh, and she also reveals that he's pregnant.
So even though Spider-Spider-Man is still male, and The Queen never boned him as promised (tease!), he's somehow been genetically altered to become pregnant. Well, okay. So, what does Spider-Spider-Man do with this news? Nothing, because he's a fucking spider who can't understand what the hell people are saying. Instead, he starts to have a seizure and his body topples over dead, leaving The Queen genuinely heartbroken.
“Oh well. Off to molest a horse, then.”
But The Queen leaves just in time to miss …
… Spider-Man emerging from the dead shell of his own body. Trying to figure out how that makes sense? It doesn't, so don't bother. He's even got all his memories and knows where he is when he pops out, which means somehow Spider-Spider-Man was pregnant with Peter Parker, in human form, fully aged, and then died giving birth to himself. Of all the sentences we thought we'd never get to write, that was easily in our top twenty. Then we finally get to the reason why this horrible story has been going for five god damn issues.
Organic webslingers. You see, the first Spider-Man movie had come out not too long before this storyline, and one of the changes they made was that Spider-Man no longer used webshooters of his invention, he simply shot the webbing from his wrists (because that's clearly more realistic). The writers at Marvel were tasked with coming up with a way to introduce this development on the comic, and “having Spider-Man morph into a giant spider and give birth to himself” seemed like the simplest option.
Also, he discovers that he can also talk to bugs now. This is such an incredibly useful superpower that he has never used it again in like eight years.
Normally, I like Jay Smooth. But this video really irritated me.
I understand why people are critical of the anti-intellectualism displayed by right wing populists who seem so disdainful of reading books, processing facts, or critical thinking of any kind. But it amazes me when otherwise observant people can't see that anti-intellectualism is reactionary. It is a reaction to the idea that there is a small cadre of elites who are uniquely able to make important decisions on behalf of all of us.
There is no essential difference between supporting a ruling class based on blue-blood birth or ivy league degrees – it's usually one and the same anyway.
The Christine O'Donnell commercial Smooth refers to is focused on morality, not intelligence. She is saying that she will “do what you would do” in the context of not being a corrupt politician. Now I have no doubt in my mind that she will be just as corrupt as the rest, but why not confront the issue of morality and corruption directly? How does being an intellectual make someone more moral? Is intellect the only thing of value in life?
For people who supposedly do a lot of critical thinking and evidence-based decision making, those who think like Smooth offer no proof that these supposedly smarter, more moral people are good leaders. In fact, they seem completely blind to all evidence to the contrary. Bill Clinton was smart and totally fucked us over. Karl Rove is smart. So is Paul Wolfowitz. I hear Stalin was smart.
The intellectual hierarchy implicit in this way of thinking bugs me, but I think what bugs me even more is the abdication of responsibility. In one part of the video, Smooth talks about how he wants to vote for someone who actually knows about stuff he doesn't. I realize that none of us can know everything, but that also includes politicians. That's (presumably) why they hold hearings and listen to people with expertise.
It reminds me of a blog comment that really irked me some time back. The commenter was responding to the idea of anarchism.
I have literally no interest in doing much of the day to day running of a city myself, nor do I want to be at the mercy of “might makes right” types. I am happy to cede some powers to government to have them do those things for me.
So basically, the commenter wanted to be able to sit on their ass watching Top Chef without having to trouble themselves with the boring details of life. And if their ability to do that is only won by giving power to people who will use it to enrich their friends, bomb children in Afghanistan, or put millions of poor people in jail? Fuck em.
How selfish is that?
One of the reasons we constantly get screwed is that people think they can remain ignorant of policy and process. They think they can leave the tedious stuff to others. If we actually want any justice in the world, we need to take the time to learn boring shit. We can't just sit around in our underwear eating family-sized boxes of cereal, at least not all the time. Maybe if we all got off our asses and did something we would find out that we are more capable than we have been led to believe.
Warning: This video includes graphic content
NEW ORLEANS — The man indicted in the shooting of a Tulane medical student has been accused of kidnapping and raping a couple.
Investigators tell news outlets that video and DNA evidence link Euric Cain to the couple's kidnapping and rape, which took place less than 24 hours after student Peter Gold was shot. Gold survived, and has been released from the hospital.
Cain, who's already jailed after an indictment for the shooting, was booked Wednesday on counts of rape, kidnapping, armed robbery and carjacking.
Arrest documents state the couple was entering a parked car on Nov. 21 when the armed suspect hopped in and demanded their money. The suspect then ordered the woman to drive to a parking lot, where police say Cain sexually assaulted them.
Cain's bond was increased to $7 million. Online jail records do not list an attorney for him.
A California man is accused of cooking his estranged girlfriend's dog and serving it to her as a meal.
Ryan Eddy Watenpaugh, 34, denied roasting the missing Pomeranian when police arrested him on Thursday, the Sacramento Bee reports. The Palo Cedro man did, however, admit that he left the dog's severed paws on his former girlfriend's doorstep, authorities said.
The victim told police that she fled Watenpaugh after a Aug. 4 fight in which he allegedly assaulted her, according to the Record Searchlight. When she returned, the suspect and her dog, named Bear, were gone.
About a month later, the couple briefly reconnected.
Police said Watenpaugh reportedly reconciled with the victim last week and cooked her a meal containing meat. On Sunday she received a text message from Watenpaugh asking how her dog tasted.
On Tuesday, Watenpaugh allegedly left a bag containing the Pomeranian's paws on the woman's front porch.
Polce said they found an AK-47 assault rifle and high-capacity magazines during a search of Watenpaugh's home.
Will particle physicists ever have a new toy that will take them to energies beyond those accessible through the Large Hadron Collider? History suggests it's unlikely. To save costs, the LHC was built in an existing tunnel that had hosted an earlier, less powerful accelerator. The US cancelled the construction of hardware that would have outperformed the LHC (the Superconducting Super Collider, or SSC) due to cost overruns, and it shut down its Tevatron once the LHC started up. Now, decisions on the linear collider that will be used to study the Higgs in detail are being made based on which country is likely to come up with the most money.
But physicists are apparently an optimistic bunch. Earlier this year, CERN announced that it was beginning to evaluate an LHC replacement that would require a tunnel so large—100km in circumference—that it would have to pass under Lake Geneva itself. Potentially in response, a team of US-based physicists have come up with an even more audacious plan: don't build the linear collider, resurrect the SSC's now abandoned tunnels, and use them to both host a Higgs factory and as a booster for a truly massive, 270km collider.
We'll cover the slightly less bonkers idea (CERN's) first. The protons that run around the LHC don't naturally follow a circular path; they have to be pulled around bends by powerful magnets. The more energy you put into the protons, the faster they move and the stronger your magnet needs to be to pull them around the bend. Unfortunately, there are limits to how strong we can make the magnets. When we run up against those limits, we either have to settle for lower energy or make the bends less sharp. Making the bends less sharp means making a bigger circle.
CERN would happily build the biggest tunnel it can, but it is limited by a different sort of physics. The valley it sits in is flanked by very large mountains and contains a rather deep lake. Drilling through the Alps could get prohibitively expensive, so the tunnels CERN is looking at encircle Geneva and spill out into France's Rhone valley—away from the Alps. Even so, part of the tunnel will have to go under the lake itself (though, presumably, a more shallow section).
Even so, extremely powerful superconducting magnets will be needed to keep the protons flying at 50 Tera-electronVolts, making for 100TeV collisions; the LHC will max out at 14TeV, so this is a substantial increase in energy. For now, however, the Future Circular Colliders project will remain in the study phase.
The US team would advise getting away from the mountains altogether. And, while you're at it, skip building the linear collider as well.
The secret is going back to Texas, where construction of the SSC was well underway when the funding rug got pulled out from underneath it. About 45 percent of its 87km circumference had already been dug by that point, along with a tunnel for a linear accelerator to feed ions into it. By finishing off the tunnel, the authors argue, an electron-positron collider could be built that would be able to generate the Higgs in abundance, allowing its detailed study. When not feeding the collider, the linear accelerator could act like the one at SLAC, using the electrons to generate X-rays for imaging molecules.
Electrons normally lose too much energy while travelling around a curved path (which is why we are likely to build a linear collider). But the authors seem confident that a collider of this size can hold electrons at the requisite energies for producing the Higgs.
But that's not the audacious part of their plan. They'd also accelerate protons to high energies in a second accelerator that goes through the same tunnels as the electron-positron collider. But the protons wouldn't collide there. Instead, they'd be brought up to speed and then transferred to an even bigger collider, one 270km in circumference. Remember, the LHC is only 27km around. The new collider would start at the SSC site south of Dallas and encircle the entire city.
Amazingly, the physicists argue that this makes economic sense. The cost of building and running a collider comes primarily from three factors: the cost of digging the tunnels; the cost of building all the superconducting magnets; and the cost of cooling the whole thing with liquid helium. The SSC site is great because almost all the tunneling goes through chalk, which is very easy to dig through. So, you could get a larger tunnel for the same price as you would by digging around Geneva. With a larger tunnel, you don't have to have magnets that are nearly as strong to keep the protons curving around the circumference to get to the 50TeV speeds CERN is thinking about. The cheaper magnets offset the cost of tunneling.
Of course, you'd probably need more liquid helium to cool that much more hardware, which would make operating it more expensive than the CERN plan. The authors, however, note this just once and never mention it again.
The big price advantage, however, comes if we ever decide we want to go above 100TeV. If we do, we'd already have all the drilling and liquid helium equipment set; all we'd have to do is replace the magnets with the more expensive ones that CERN was planning on using. At that point, the 270km loop would become a 300TeV collider.
While I admire the audacity of the idea, it's worth pointing out that, at the moment, we don't have any strong reason to expect that there are any particles out there massive enough to require any of this. Plus the trend in the US toward budget cutting has meant that the country is an extremely unreliable partner for large international scientific endeavors (like the European Space Agency and the ITER fusion reactor). Something like this would take years to build, and the US budgeting process hasn't demonstrated that sort of attention span in recent years.
The arXiv. Abstract number: 1402.5973 (About the arXiv).
First it was Budweiser beer. Then came Burger King Whoppers. Next up was Heinz ketchup.
Now 3G Capital, a Brazilian private investment group that already owns a suite of America's most prominent food and beverage brands, has struck a deal to take control of Kraft Foods, the maker of macaroni and cheese, Oscar Mayer meats, Planters nuts and Jell-O.
Working with the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, 3G said on Wednesday that it would merge Kraft with Heinz, the condiment and canned foods giant it acquired with Mr. Buffett in 2013.
Once combined, the Kraft Heinz Company will be one of the largest food and beverage conglomerates in the world, with nearly $28 billion in annual sales, and is expected to have a market value of more than $80 billion.
The mega-deal — by far the largest merger of the year — is a big bet on conventional staples of the American cupboard, even as consumers are shifting away from processed foods. Millennials and affluent consumers are seeking more local, fresh and organic products. Lower-income consumers are spending less on name brands.
Benedict Cumberbatch (BBC's Sherlock) stars as Marvel's Sorcerer Supreme in this decent supernatural action-adventure adaptation. A brilliant but arrogant surgeon whose hands are ruined after a car accident, Strange treks to Nepal in the hope of finding a means of recovering his manual dexterity, only to find instead that a world of occult knowledge and power awaits him. Tilda Swinton appears as “The Ancient One” who mentors him. She, along with Strange's big brother adept Chiwetel Ejiofor and antagonist Mads Mikkelson, does a good job of keeping a straight face while delivering gobs of earnest mystical gobbledygook; but the team of screenwriters has also wisely peppered the script with irreverent observations from Doctor Strange, who, like the viewer, experiences the occult side of reality as a newcomer and serves as his own comic relief. With action choreography and a concept similar to The Matrix, fans of CGI-heavy special effects extravaganzas ought to be satisfied. One does, however, wish that sexy Rachel McAdams (True Detective season 2) had received more screen time as Strange's love interest.
3.5 out of 5 stars. Ideological Content Analysis indicates that Doctor Strange is:
4. Anti-gun, with a physician mentioning “a drunk idiot with a gun” as a recipe for bodily injury.
3. Pro-drug. Stan Lee, in a cameo, is seen reading Aldous Huxley's Doors of Perception and exclaiming, “That is hilarious!” There is, too, a psychedelic sensibility to Doctor Strange's visuals – Strange, on first experiencing the otherworldly, even wonders aloud if he has been dosed with psilocybin – and sitar flavors the music that plays during the end credits.
2. Multiculturalist. Only after sitting at the feet of black masters and enlightened bald women are white men permitted to save the universe.
1. New Age. As in The Matrix and any number of other martial arts movies, eastern wisdom is sold to impressionable western youths as a means of attaining preternatural fighting prowess and impressive occult powers. Strange is instructed that he must forget everything he thinks he knows – abandon the European achievements of reason and scientific knowledge, in other words – in order to find that which he seeks.
Rainer Chlodwig von K.
Advertisements
The man accused of going on a driving rampage in Melbourne's CBD has been formally charged with murder.
Dimitrious Gargasoulas was operated on during Saturday after being shot by police in the arm during Friday's incident and was released from hospital straight into police custody earlier today.
Five people have since died as a result of Gargasoulas' rampage through the Melbourne CBD on Friday. Thalia Hakin, 10, Jess Mudie, 22, Matthew Si, 33, a three-month-old baby and a 25-year-old man died.
More than 30 others were injured and 15 of those remain in critical condition in hospital.
As expected, Gargasoulas was charged with 5 counts of murder.
Gargasoulas was previously granted bail on the 14th of January. Friday's incident has prompted a massive overhaul of the State's bail system, as announced by Premier Daniel Andrews today.
“Work is currently under way to establish an after-hours magistrates court so that magistrates, rather than bail justices, will be able to hear bail applications, particularly for those serious matters,” he said.
“Nothing will be off the table. Nothing will be off limits. This will be a full examination with the provision of urgent advice which will be provided to the government by April 3 for legislative change, for reform, for the sort of reform that has to be made to keep Victorians safe and the sort of change that we owe these victims and their families.”
A vigil for the Bourke Street victims will be held at Federation Square this evening at 5:30pm.
If anyone has any information, please call Crime Stoppers 1800 000 333, or if anyone has any photo or video footage of the incident please upload via http://upload.vicpolicenews.com.au
The Victorian Government set up a fund for the families affected by the incident. It pledged an initial $100,000 and said anyone who wanted to make a donation could do via the Victorian Government's website, or by calling 1800 226 226.
High-protein diets, such as the Dukan diet, are currently a popular alternative to the traditional calorie-counting forms of dieting. But scientists at the University of Granada in Spain have shown through tests in rats that a high-protein diet increases the risk of kidney stones and other renal diseases.
Dr. Pierre Dukan's high-protein diet has received a boost in popularity in recent years, due to reports that the diet helped the Duchess of Cambridge get thin enough to fit into her wedding dress and allegedly restored the postpartum figure of Jennifer Lopez.
In Dukan's native France, approximately 2 million people are believed to follow the diet.
But the diet has been controversial. The British Dietary Association ranked the diet at number 1 in their annual rundown of diets to avoid in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
They point out that even Dr. Dukan himself - who was banned from practicing as a GP in France in 2013 - has warned of health issues associated with the diet, including lack of energy, constipation, vitamin and mineral deficiencies and bad breath.
In 2012, Medical News Today reported on a study finding that four-fifths of Dukan followers had put all their lost weight back on within 36 months. This kind of of body weight fluctuation can put dieters at increased risk of hypertension, diabetes and heart disease.
What did the new study find?
In the new study, the scientists fed 10 rats a diet with a 45% protein level, while a control group of another 10 rats were fed a diet of normal protein levels. The rats were placed on their respective diets for 12 weeks - the equivalent of 9 years in human terms.
Anyone on a high-protein diet should exercise regularly and make sure to eat enough fruit and vegetables. Anyone on a high-protein diet should exercise regularly and make sure to eat enough fruit and vegetables.
Over the 12 weeks, rats on the high-protein diet lost 10% of their body weight. But the weight of the kidneys in these rats increased by 22%, the capillaries filtering blood to the kidneys increased in size by 13%, and the collagen around the capillaries by 32%.
The citrate levels in the rats' urine was 88% lower and their urinary pH was 15% more acidic.
A low amount of citrate in the urine and swollen kidneys are risk factors for kidney stone formation. High urinary pH is also a symptom of kidney failure and kidney tubular acidosis, among other conditions.
What does this mean for humans?
Medical News Today spoke to Dr. Virginia A. Aparicio, one of the study's authors. Dr. Aparicio said that "when experimental designs are done in rats, despite their great physiological and metabolic similarity to humans, all results should be taken with caution."
"Studies developed in humans have also observed very similar results in plasma and urine to what we observed in rats. However, the important thing is not to alarm the population. We just showed a less favorable renal profile, which could bring long-term renal complications in some individuals most prone to or at increased risk of renal disease."
"Eating large amounts of fruit and vegetables reduces the risk of kidney stones forming," advises Dr. Aparicio. "Probably due to their high potassium and magnesium content, which compensates for the acidity of the high-protein diet."
Aparicio also recommends that anyone on a high-protein diet should exercise regularly to increase active tissue, which will reduce the "rebound" effect of putting on weight once the diet is completed.
Apple has added another market for its Apple Store iPhone “reuse and recycle” trade-in program: Italy. This is indicated by a new panel inside of the Italy Apple Store listings within the official Apple Store app. The app indicates that Apple is offering trade-ins of older iPhones models for up to €220. This converts to roughly 300 U.S. dollars.
According to a source, Apple is also planning to rollout the same program in Australia as soon as this upcoming week. Apple is said to have been training employees in Australia on the program over the course of the last several days.
The trade-in program allows a user of an older iPhone model (3G and up) to bring the phone in and receive gift card credit toward the purchase of an iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, or iPhone 4s…
The program first launched in the U.S. last year, and it has since also expanded to Spain, the U.K, Germany, Canada, and France. Apple has also recently debuted an iPad version of the program for those aforementioned regions, but Apple has not yet commented on an iPad program for Italy. The reuse and recycle program is one facet of Apple's recent iPhone sales push that has seen the debut of an improved Apple Store app, iBeacon location technology in stores, all-hands meetings between Tim Cook and retail store managers, promotions for the trade-in program, and of a program to purchase iPhones on month-to-month carrier plans.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone has been tapped by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, German weekly Focus magazine reports Sunday, citing an unnamed German security official.
Ms. Merkel's phone wasn't only under U.S. surveillance, but also that of Russia, China, North Korea and the U.K., the article alleges.
A German government spokeswoman declined to comment to The Wall Street Journal on the report.
According to the official cited by Focus, the expansive government quarter in Berlin is technologically well suited for intercepting communications.
In more than 100 cases in 2012, foreign intelligence agencies tried to recruit German politicians, civil servants, military personnel as well as managers and scientists as informants, the article says. Russian agents are especially active in Germany, the article adds.
Last week, German intelligence officials said they plan to strengthen their counter-surveillance capabilities in response to revelations about National Security Agency spying programs, a move that could further strain relations with the U.S. The officials also said they suspect that both the Russian and U.K. embassies in Berlin are participating in electronic eavesdropping.
--Anton Troianovski in Berlin contributed to this item.
Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires
UPDATE: Razorback Basketball Players Bond Out of Jail Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video Video
FAYETTEVILLE, AR - UPDATE: Razorback basketball players Anton Beard, Jacorey Williams and Dustin Thomas bonded out of the Washington County Detention Center Thrusday.
Bond was set at $2,500.
All three men will have arraignment hearings on August 24.
Original Story: Razorback basketball players Anton Beard, Jacorey Williams and Dustin Thomas were arrested Wednesday in connection with a counterfeit money investigation by Fayetteville Police.
Police have been investigating forgeries since May. All three men were identified on surveillance images from Fayetteville businesses
According to a police report, Beard and Thomas were seen buying tobacco products with fake $20 bills. Police say Beard also asked the clerk to change fake $50 bills into $100 bills. Williams was also identified by police as buying merchandise with a fake $20 bill.
According to police, Beard, Thomas and Williams deny knowing that the money was fake.
Razorback Athletics issued the following statement Wednesday:
“We have become aware of a pending legal issue involving three men's basketball student-athletes. The student-athletes have been suspended indefinitely from the men's basketball program. Our continued expectation is that our student-athletes conduct themselves in an appropriate manner at all times.”
V2.0That's right!"two-point-oh" That just feels good to say!I didn't want this to be another tiny dinky update so I've done something special for this one!I have made not one, but two new outfits that are premiering in the TDLFAP, the fallout 3 style recon armor, and the wasteland savior outfit, which may/may not be based on Negan from the walking dead. In addition I have included new ways to acquire most of the armors.I also added the option for ballistic weave to all outfitsThe merc armors can be found on gunners, the harness & undershirt and road warrior armor can be found on raiders, and there are some containers for the following:The Chinese jumpsuit and Chinese Veteran Outifts can be found in a toolbox on the Yangtze.The Recon Armor is found in an ammo box in a cage in Fort Hagen.The Gunner Colonel outfit can be found in a duffel bag on the second floor in gunner plaza.The Wasteland Savior Outfit is found in an ammo box in Railroad HQ.And the concept synth uniform is found in the SRB in the Institute.The Greaser outfit, Denver dog, and enclave colonel outfit are still crafted at a chem bench, I'm gonna place them in the world in a later updateIf you really don't want to look around for them, there's always the console.Check out my other mods in my profile!"Holy shit my heart is starting to hurt from carrying all these outfits Jesus Christ." -John Cassidy, moments before he died of a heart attack caused by drugs and not exhaustion.
At a recent conference IBM researchers unveiled a new computer architecture in the hope of creating a computer as powerful as the human brain. Using simulations of “enormous complexity,” the researchers have created an architecture, named TrueNorth, that could lead to a new generation of machines that function more like biological brains than traditional computers.
An article on the MIT Technology Review website describes the opportunity to use the TrueNorth cognitive computing architecture writing, “to develop systems as powerful as human vision. The brain sorts through more than one terabyte of visual data each day but requires little power to do so.”
The technique was developed by researcher Dharmendra S. Modha and his team at IBM Research - Almaden in San Jose, California. Dr. Modha is the founder of IBM's Cognitive Computing group and leads a global team focused on the intersection of neuroscience, nanoscience and supercomputing. His team is attempting to build computing systems that emulate the brain's abilities for perception, action, and cognition – all while consuming many orders of magnitudes less power and space than today's computers. In 2009, his group received ACM's Gordon Bell Prize for its research into cortical simulations at scale.
Yet another area of cognitive computing study is focused on the Boltzmann machine, an algorithm invented by Geoffrey Hinton and Terry Sejnowski in 1983. The Boltzmann Machine is capable of learning the underlying constraints that characterize a domain simply by being shown examples from the domain. Or in more simple terms, it can “interpret & recognize patterns” in much the same way our brain does, with or without context.
Quanta Magazine further explains the concept indicating that this approach is “particularly promising as a simple theoretical explanation of a number of brain processes, including development, memory formation, object and sound recognition, and the sleep-wake cycle.”
“The magic thing that happens is it's able to generalize,” said Yann LeCun, director of the Center for Data Science at New York University. “If you show it a car it has never seen before, if it has some common shape or aspect to all the cars you showed it during training, it can determine it's a car.”
Researchers aren't alone in attempting to unlock some of the mysteries of the Brain. Earlier this year, President Obama unveiled the “BRAIN” Initiative, short for Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies. It is a bold new research effort to revolutionize our understanding of the human mind. The initiative launched with approximately $100 million in funding for research supported by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), and the National Science Foundation (NSF) in the President's Fiscal Year 2014 budget.
According to the announcement on The White House Blog, “The Initiative promises to accelerate the invention of new technologies that will help researchers produce real-time pictures of complex neural circuits and visualize the rapid-fire interactions of cells that occur at the speed of thought. Such cutting-edge capabilities, applied to both simple and complex systems, will open new doors to understanding how brain function is linked to human behavior and learning, and the mechanisms of brain disease.”
In January the Human Brain Project (HBP) received $1.3 billion in funding from the European Commission. The project is the brain child of Swiss neuroscientist Henry Markram who plans to create a precise simulation of a human brain using a supercomputer. The project hopes to” develop six ICT platforms, dedicated respectively to Neuroinformatics, Brain Simulation, High Performance Computing, Medical Informatics, Neuromorphic Computing and Neurorobotics. In all cases, the platforms will build on existing capabilities, some but not all developed by the HBP partners.”
Along with these advancements, startups have also begun to enter this new computing frontier. Last week Toronto, Canada based InteraXon, creators of Muse: the brain sensing headband, announced it has raised $6 million in Series A financing from a number of prominent investors.
The company claims that its technology can “monitor the neurons in the brain, as they fire, they generate magnetic fields that can be easily read from the head using an Electroencephalograph, or EEG. The InteraXon system analyses these readings and separates the waves by frequency into alpha, beta, gamma, and theta waves, each of which is associated with a particular conscious state. After analyzing and sorting the waves by type, our software compares the amount of energy in each band and generates a control signal that correlates to the strength of a particular brain state.”
“With InteraXon's Muse, you can merely use your brain to make things happen. By turning what seems like science fiction into reality, they're defining an entirely new category of wearables that are thought controlled,” says Sundeep Peechu, partner at Felicis Ventures.
Combining the growing interest in wearable technology with the nearly limitless potential of the human brain is an exciting frontier. Let us know what your thoughts are on this type of technology in the comment area below.
Reuven is the Chief Cloud Advocate at Citrix.
Find him on Twitter @rUv | Linkedin | Google+ | Facebook | Podcast
Note: Want to learn more about the BRAIN Initiative? Watch Tom Kalil, Innovation Advisor; Dr. Francis Collins, Director of National Institutes of Health; and Dr. Arati Prabhakar, Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) discuss the new research effort in an Open for Questions session.
If you are like us, you tend to do your 3D printing with plastic or maybe–if you are lucky enough to have access to an expensive printer–metal. [Adam Feinberg] and his team at Carnegie Mellon print with flesh. Well, sort of. Printing biomaterials is a burgeoning research area. However, printing material that is like soft tissue has been challenging. In a recent paper, [Feinberg] and company outline a method called FRESH. FRESH uses a modified MakerBot or Printrbot Jr. printer to deposit hydrogel into a gelatin slurry support bath. The gelatin holds the shape of the object until printing is complete, at which point it can be removed with heat. If you don't want to wade through the jargon in the actual paper, the journal Science has a good overview (and see their video below).
The gelatin is mixed with calcium chloride and gelled for 12 hours at low temperature. It was then turned into a slurry using an off-the-shelf consumer-grade blender. A centrifuge was used to remove most of the soluble gelatin. Printing inks were made with materials like collagen and fibrin. The FRESH process actually uses liquid ink that gels in the gelatin.
The printer uses an open source syringe extruder found on the NIH 3D print exchange (they never say exactly which one, though and we had trouble matching it from the pictures). In true hacker fashion, the printer prints its own syringe extruder using the stock one from ABS and PLA plastic. Then you simply replace the standard extruder with the newly printed one (reusing the stock stepper motor).
The paper describes printing items including a model of a 5-day-old embryonic chick heart, an artery, and a miniature human brain model. Another team of researchers in Florida have a similar system, as well.
We've talked about bioprinting before and even mentioned how to make your own inkjet-based bioprinter. The FRESH method looks like it is in reach of the hacker's 3D printing workshop. We cringe to think what you will print when you can finally print body parts.
$12,000 stretch goal REACHED! - improved components and 7-game instruction booklet
Current stretch goal: $20,000 - A surprise!
"This is a cool word game."
- Tim Fowers -- Game designer (Paperback)
"You have scored a scholastic trifecta: educational, challenging, and fun. As a pediatrician, now retired, I have only rarely made a professional endorsement, but you inspired me and "Wordwright" is clearly deserving. I hope you achieve the recognition you deserve. There are many who can benefit from this game."
- Bennet Rosenthal -- Puzzle player on Facebook
"I've been playing this game after being picked as a 'beta' teacher! My class loves it (7th grade), my family loves it, my friends love it. Thank you Defined Mind!"
- Middle school teacher in Canada -- Blind playtester
"It's a really pretty game. Vibrant art. Neat, little product. You spend a lot of time thinking about the words you're making -- easy words now versus saving some parts for later."
- Albert Hernandez and Julius Besser -- Game reviewers (1 player podcast)
"I really like that Rachel and Jay shaped Wordwright in such a way that there are unlimited games that you can play. It's really neat. And the artwork is really crisp."
- Brittany and Brady Williams -- Game reviewers (Smarter Backer)
"I enjoyed trying the game out at the Chicago Toy and Game Fair, and I can't express how disappointed I was when I found out I couldn't purchase one of the sets at your table."
- Elementary school teacher in Illinois -- Playtester
"If you like words and word games this is definitely a good one to have ... it's different from pretty much anything else out there, because you're working with word parts rather than individual letters. Plus, the variety of game options, very small size, and simple theme make this easy to take with just about anywhere and pull out with anyone. It's very convenient, accessible, and provides several game options in one small, great looking package. Wordwright is definitely worth $15 (on Kickstarter, $20 MSRP) for a fun, flexible word game system."
- George Jaros -- Game reviewer (GJJ Games)
Read the comments for more praise for Wordwright from backers like you.
Check out a short photo album showing how we made and launched Wordwright.
Check out our puzzles on Facebook that relate to individual games.
Wordwright is a new way of playing word games, using an old way of building words.
We've carefully curated a collection of word parts (prefixes, roots, and suffixes) that have the main word part, spelling variations and definitions printed on them. Players combine these cards together in different ways to form and reform hundreds of common words. This mimics how the English language evolved and continues to grow.
Bundled together, the cards become the Wordwright Base Kit, which is an elegantly designed pack of cards that you can take anywhere to play a variety of word games -- our game variations and ones you invent. Perfect for solitaire players, couples, families, teachers, casual gamers, Wordwright should have a place in every home.
Wordwright was pos·it·ive·ly fun for all at the Chicago Toy & Game Fair
How do the cards work?
Every card is a word part that has meaning. We print the definitions on one side, which often come from Latin or Greek. The main word part is interchangeable with any of its spelling variations (printed below the main word part). This allows you to use the same card multiple ways to make different words.
What games can you play?
Update: We've been adding puzzles that relate to individual games on Facebook, and you can check them out here.
We have a ton of game and puzzle variations to compete, collaborate or ponder over, including ones where you quickly spot words in a large group of cards, make words from your hand, or reform communal words. The games are very quick to learn, and sometimes reminiscent of classic games, like our reworking of rummy in Rewrite Rummy. But our unique mechanic brings a depth to word play that we've never seen before in games.
We've shown Wordwright to a wide range of people: From kids to seniors, and all ages in between, whether they identify as gamers, puzzlers, teachers, parents, or anything else, there's a game variation for everyone, even those that don't typically like word games. And in the process of having fun, you learn a bit about the English language and etymology.
Below is a playlist of a few game variations, but this is by no means exhaustive. We have several variations in the works -- most with complete rules written -- and keep coming up with new ways of playing. However, we often are lacking time to record and edit new game videos. We are aiming to add more videos during the campaign.
Instruction manual (early version):
Link to PDF (adjust browser width to zoom)
Wordwright across the web:
Below are various mentions about Wordwright.
Preview video from Board Game Brawl:
Preview video from Cloak & Meeple (with a somber opening):
Follow us: Twitter, Facebook
Notes on general backer involvement and Stretch Goals
Beyond backers pledging money in exchange for games and to support Wordwright, we want to involve backers through the whole of the process to help improve the final product. We will have standard stretch goals of improved components for reaching higher goals, but the following are a few noteworthy elements we are aiming to accomplish in our campaign.
Wild card design: Mirroring a standard deck of playing cards, each Wordwright deck has 52 word part cards, and two Wild (joker) cards. None of the games require use of the wild cards, but we have a handful of suggestions of how you can use them in existing games to change them up, and it can aid the creation of new games. We will be generating Wild card design options internally, and from backers through a pledge level. The final Wild card design options will be decided in part by voting all backers can participate in.
Mirroring a standard deck of playing cards, each Wordwright deck has 52 word part cards, and two Wild (joker) cards. None of the games require use of the wild cards, but we have a handful of suggestions of how you can use them in existing games to change them up, and it can aid the creation of new games. We will be generating Wild card design options internally, and from backers through a pledge level. The final Wild card design options will be decided in part by voting all backers can participate in. Longer instruction booklet stretch goals: As Wordwright is a game platform with near limitless game variations, there is a need to cut off the printed instructions at some point, as the instruction booklet is one of the most expensive elements to produce for us. Rules and videos for game variations will be available online, but we will only be able to include a few games in the instruction booklet at the base goal in order to keep prices down. As the campaign gains success, the power of bulk buying will allow for a cheaper cost for additional booklet pages, meaning we can include more game variations in the printed booklet, adding replay value in a self-contained, offline single Wordwright pack. As we approach project goals to increase pages, we will ask backers to vote on which games should make it in.
As Wordwright is a game platform with near limitless game variations, there is a need to cut off the printed instructions at some point, as the instruction booklet is one of the most expensive elements to produce for us. Rules and videos for game variations will be available online, but we will only be able to include a few games in the instruction booklet at the base goal in order to keep prices down. As the campaign gains success, the power of bulk buying will allow for a cheaper cost for additional booklet pages, meaning we can include more game variations in the printed booklet, adding replay value in a self-contained, offline single Wordwright pack. As we approach project goals to increase pages, we will ask backers to vote on which games should make it in. When certain goals are reached in the campaign, we would like to donate games to educational organizations. We will be asking backers to nominate which organizations they would like to see receive copies of the game, and then possibly vote on those organizations.
You may notice most pledge levels have an option to sponsor/gift a copy of Wordwright for an educator.
We designed Wordwright to be first and foremost a collection of fun games and puzzles for anyone. Yes, there is an educational aspect to the game, but there was never an intention for Wordwright to be used solely for an educational purpose. We, as the creators of Wordwright, can't learn much more about words from this game, but we still enjoy playing. They're solid games with a lot of depth, and they continue to challenge our brains to work in a different way than any other game we've played.
That said, we have received a significant response from educators (elementary, middle and high school teachers, ESL teachers, and more) that have been in need of a product like ours to engage students in English language learning. Many of these educators have expressed that they do not have much of a budget, and they are teaching disadvantaged populations.
We grew up without much money, but are better off today because we received a good education, so we have an interest in helping other disadvantaged people get a better education, too. If our game can help people who don't have the resources to purchase it themselves, we want to figure out a solution to that problem. We're taking a small gamble that the Kickstarter community will want to support these educators, too, by providing an opportunity to sponsor an educator. Additionally, if we hit certain goals in growing this campaign, we pledge to donate several games to organizations backers nominate and vote on.
However, there is no obligation that a backer must sponsor a game in order to receive one.
If you are an educator that wants to sign up for an opportunity to receive a copy, please fill out this form to register: http://bit.ly/WordwrightForTeachers
In the unlikely scenario that there are more copies sponsored than teachers requesting copies, we will donate the sponsored copies to educational organizations voted on by backers. If you are part of an educational organization that would like to be considered, email us at info@definedmind.com.
Our story
A short gallery of how we made and launched Wordwright
Hi, we're a sister and brother from Chicago, raised by educator parents. We are passionate about the engaging qualities of gaming and the equalizing benefits of education, and have an idea for a gaming company that helps people empower themselves. Wordwright is hopefully the first of several games that will help people unlock different doors of knowledge. We chose the linguistics genre first, as language is the secret key to communicating pretty much all other knowledge.
The idea for Wordwright is decades in the making. Rachel learned to read at the age of three, and advanced her literacy rapidly thereafter by using word part meaning as a short-cut to literacy. Once you can read and figure out the tricks to understanding words quickly, all other knowledge comes easier. She wanted to make a game out of this concept, but needed help to develop it, so she asked her brother.
Since both of us have a background in software, the obvious answer was to make a mobile app using the general word part concept. Over the course of a couple months of late nights turning wireframes into functioning code, we made a fully playable prototype. One major problem: It wasn't much fun.
Still, the concept was a good one. Jay, a lifelong card player, suggested a better way of making the game might be to treat it as a card game platform, where inside an elegant pack you could take anywhere, you had a variety of games you could play. And keeping the deck minimal had the additional benefit of keeping the cost affordable for pretty much anyone. The idea for the final product was born, but it still took several more months to refine the game to a polished point ready for the Kickstarter audience.
We are very proud of Wordwright. It's a great product that is fun and educational for those still learning the language, and is rich and thought provoking to those familiar with it. The ability to make hundreds of common words across unique mechanics allows a level playing field between word game aficionados and those that usually don't enjoy the genre.
With a lot of game variations, Wordwright becomes infinitely replayable. We've played the games more times than any sane person might want to in the past few months, and they continue to be engaging, enjoyable and challenging. We still spot new moves in games we've played a hundred times, and continue to think up new games to play with these cards. When you get your copy, you'll see how versatile these cards are. In our most idealistic dreams, we hope Wordwright can be the Legos or Minecraft of word building.
Our big goal with this Kickstarter is: Get Wordwright into the hands of as many people as possible. Our ways of tackling that are:
Make the best product we can
Make it at an affordable cost
Create a conservative goal
Provide opportunities to the Kickstarter community to sponsor games for educators and organizations to benefit disadvantaged people
We've done our part -- we've invested a lot of our own money, and countless hours of our time to get Wordwright where it is. If you like what you've seen, please back our Kickstarter. And please let others know, too.
TORONTO - With the finish line in sight, Justin Trudeau took his Liberal leadership bid to the financial heartland Wednesday, accusing both Prime Minister Stephen Harper and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair of pandering to political extremism.
At the same time, Trudeau declared he would "not go negative" in any election campaign if he becomes party leader.
"We have two parties that are ideologically based around the fringes," Trudeau said. "Where the Liberal party needs to be focused on is the actual large mass of Canadians ... who are not driven by a specific polarizing issue."
Speaking to business leaders at a downtown hotel, Trudeau said part of him was impressed how Harper won a majority government by using a high level of control, dominance, aggression and strategic divisions.
"I know that it doesn't represent what Canada is," he said.
Mulcair, he said, had adopted Harper's divisive approach by attacking the resource economy of the West to pander to progressives in the East, while "playing extremely dangerous games with soft nationalists and sovereigntists" in Quebec.
"I am reminded of why it is so important that the Liberal party exists: that we remain a pragmatic, values-based alternative — a government or a party that is not going to be wrapped up in a particular ideology of the left or the right," he said.
Trudeau also assailed the government's single-minded focus on economics at the expense of the environment, saying it should not be an either-or proposition. "The economy is too important to neglect the environment."
Trudeau said he fully expected the Tories to come up with vicious attack ads after the Liberals choose their leader, because "that is what they do."
"It's fundamentally about suppressing the vote, about convincing people to stay home and to disengage," he said.
The result, he added, is increased cynicism and low voter turnout.
Harper has also turned many voters off with his rigid efforts to control his MPs, Trudeau said.
"People are tired of electing good people to be their voices in Ottawa, and instead getting representatives of Mr. Harper back in their communities."
Trudeau said he jumped into the race because the Liberals were "looking for quick fixes still" and he felt he had something the country needed.
What's clear, he said, is that the middle class is "struggling" under stagnant incomes and rising costs, arguing that a strong middle class helps boost society's "most vulnerable."
He offered few specifics on what he would do to boost the economy — assuming he gets the opportunity.
"A leadership campaign is not a time where you put forward a platform you try to sell for the next two years," Trudeau said during an earlier stop at Ryerson University.
"It's about actually generating the platform that will allow us to develop the kind of strong policy platform that will answer all of your questions in 2015 in time for the election."
Trudeau is widely seen as the front-runner heading into the Liberal leadership vote next month.
So much for “friends with benefits!”
LuAnn de Lesseps fiancé Tom D'Agostino, Jr. is setting the record straight about his past relationship with Ramona Singer and Sonja Morgan!
“I don't watch the show, but I get different pieces here and there, and a lot of the stuff I have heard? It's so outlandish to me,” D'Agostino told PEOPLE at Monday night's New York City premiere of the second season of Hulu's Difficult People (the Countess has a cameo!).
“In terms of Ramona, we never dated,” said the 49-year-old. “We went out a couple of times – maybe two or three times to dinner with some friends.”
“There was never any chemistry. No interest at all,” he continued, of Singer.
Singer echoed those statements both on and off screen, telling ET recently, “Yes, I did date him, but we just didn't have any chemistry. I do think he's a nice guy.”
“Now that I'm single again, I'm realizing just how small the dating pool is and how funny it is that LuAnn and I overlapped,” the 59-year-old housewife said.
Sonja Morgan Desiree Navarro/WireImage
One person who appeared to not be laughing is de Lesseps, who stormed out of a dinner scene on Wednesday's episode of The Real Housewives of New York City when Morgan insisted she and D'Agostino had been “friends with benefits for 10 years.”
D'Agostino refutes that statement: “Sonja, I've known for years,” the marketing CEO tells PEOPLE. “The funny part is, although I've known her for years, we got together once, but she's on this kick that it was more than that,”
D'Agostino said he tried to get to the bottom of the discrepancy by talking directly to Morgan. “I saw her at a party two or three weeks ago, and I said to her, ‘Sonja, this is me, what are you talking about?' and she says, ‘Oh, I'll have to get my diary, I'll tell you when,' ” D'Agostino explained.
Morgan, who also cameos in Difficult People, stands by her statements.
“We were fun buddies – adults that had a nice understanding,” the 52-year-old told PEOPLE at the premiere, “and I just wanted to get that out on the table right away because I knew the girls were gonna tell [LuAnn], it was gonna come out.”
“He's going to minimize it as much as possible, as all men do. They never tell the truth, guys, they never do,” she added.
RELATED VIDEO: Countess Luann De Lesseps Spills Her Wedding Deets: Dresses, Serenading, and Bachelorette Party!
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
De Lesseps, meanwhile, says she's not going to let what the women say put a damper on her wedding planning. “We're getting married no matter what the women have to say,” she told PEOPLE. “We are moving onward and upward with our wedding plans.”
“All I can say is, along the way you have to kiss a few frogs and toads to get to a Countess,” D'Agostino added.
As for whether Singer and Morgan will score invites to the New Year's Eve nuptials, the 51-year-old Countess isn't sure. She said she's not deciding who of the bunch will be at her wedding until after the reunion – except for housewife Dorinda Medley, who will serve as her bridesmaid.
D'Agostino has his hands in the planning, but just barely. When asked how involved he is in the wedding planning, he laughed and said, “As much as most grooms-to-be are.” But since the wedding is also his 50th birthday celebration, he had a lot of says in where they re going to have it “and who's going to be there” – meaning Singer and Morgan might want to watch what they say.
This will all be news to Morgan, who seems to think her invite is already in the mail. “Yes, of course,” she said, when asked if she will be attending the wedding. “I will never let a man come between me and LuAnn. And she obviously isn't letting a man come between us because she's getting down that aisle no matter what it takes – and dragging me with her!”
“She's the one that's in love; he's her soulmate and we all know that,” Morgan said.
The Real Housewives of New York City airs Wednesdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo, and Difficult People season 2 is currently streaming on Hulu.
A water main break left streets flooded in the Crotona Park East section of the Bronx on Friday, Jan. 24, 2014. (Credit: CBS 2)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A water main burst in the Crotona Park East section of the Bronx Friday afternoon, leaving streets flooded and iced over.
The 12-inch water main burst at Hoe Avenue and Freeman Street in the Bronx, according to the city Department of Environmental Protection. By 5 p.m., the water had been shut off.
The break affected 20 two-family homes, the department said.
Those homes have lost water service and had to use bottled water Friday night.
“You need hot water for the shower; everything, and there's no water here,” said area resident Dezorey Njoku. “This is ridiculous.”
The water main break also turned the pavement into an ice skating rink for blocks throughout the area, CBS 2's Joe Biermann reported. Special crews had to be called out to salt the streets, Biermann reported.
Minor street damage resulted from the rupture.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories:
Lusaka, Zambia (CNN) -- In rural Zambia, a bicycle is one of the most important possessions someone can have.
At one school, when they were given out to pupils by World Bicycle Relief, the roll increased from 300 to 867 pupils.
Headteacher Michael Gogolola explained: "Bicycles in Africa, especially in this part of Zambia, they are more valuable than a vehicle, because they use them even for grinding mill, they use them for transport to the hospital, to the clinic and to the school.
"When we came to this school, the enrolment was 300, now when the World Bicycle Relief came with bicycles, even the girls who had left school, just because they heard about the bicycles, they came back to school."
Not all the 867 pupils have bicycles, but those who do treasure them as a lifeline in an impoverished country and a powerful incentive to stay in school.
World Bicycle Relief is a Chicago-based organization which began by providing bicycles in Sri Lanka after the 2004 tsunami.
In 2006 it moved on to Zambia, where it began distributing bicycles to healthcare workers helping people living with HIV and AIDS, and in 2009 started giving them to schoolchildren as part of its Bicycles for Education Empowerment Program.
World Bicycle Relief has so far supplied 30,000 bicycles in Zambia, as well as training a network of maintenance mechanics.
Dave Neiswander, World Bicycle Relief's head of Africa operations, said: "It's connecting people with education, it's connecting people with healthcare, it's connecting people with their own economic development. It's a tool to help themselves."
The bikes themselves had to be designed to cope with the rough ground and heavy loads that many people need to carry.
"Our bicycle is designing to withstand the difficult terrain of Africa," said Neiswander. "The rack can withstand 100 kg, that's ideal if you're taking produce to market or someone to clinic. We use heavy-duty rims and spokes, reinforce the tires, it's basically a tank."
World Bicycle Relief administers its program in partnership with the Zambian Ministry of Education, community organizations and several other international NGOs.
The organization points out that many children in rural Zambia do not complete their education because their families -- especially families with HIV or AIDS -- are dependent on their children's economic activity.
Because many children travel long distances to school, it identified providing safe, reliable transport as a key way of keeping children in education longer.
Zambia has the world's third highest death rate and second shortest life expectancy of 38, according to the CIA World Factbook.
The county is estimated to have 1.1 million people -- 15 per cent of the adult population -- living with HIV or AIDS, which kills an estimated 56,000 people a year. It also has the world's eighth highest infant mortality rate of more than 10 percent.
Among those who have received one of World Bicycle Relief's distinctive black bicycles is 15-year-old Fewstar Walweendo. She uses it to cycle the two kilometers to Gogolola's school after completing her daily chores, including sweeping the yard, making breakfast and cleaning the plates.
Her deputy headteacher Monica Mtongadaka said: "To a Zambian child, to a rural child, to have a bicycle really motivates, because it eases her movement to and from school, and that's what's happened to Fewstar."
With Dwyane Wade sidelined and with Udonis Haslem out of the rotation, Chris Bosh had spent recent weeks filling the leadership void in the absence of the Miami Heat's co-captains.
But with a nine-day All-Star break, Bosh turned introspective and acknowledged he has to bring more when the schedule resumes.
"I need a break," he said, with the Heat's schedule not to resume until a Feb. 20 game at Madison Square Garden against the New York Knicks. "That's it, man. It's been tough. And everybody knows that. But it's a part of basketball, it's a part of business and I want a break.
"We've earned it, and come back refreshed hopefully and see what we can do for these last 30 games, try to make a move."
Bosh appreciates he has to be part of that move. Wednesday's 5-of-17 shooting and two rebounds in a 113-93 road loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers was just the latest uneven effort delivered by the Heat's lone representative in Sunday's NBA All-Star Game, with Wade resting his balky right hamstring. Bosh has now shot below 40 percent in five of the past eight games.
Heat hope to make playoff charge after All-Star break Heat hope to make playoff charge after All-Star break SEE MORE VIDEOS
"It's not getting shots in spots I want," he said. "I'll continue to play no matter what happens. I know that shooting percentage will go up. And getting Dwyane back, that'll help me out a lot."
Then there is Bosh's rebounding. He has had three or fewer in three of the past five games.
Part of that has been the vacuum-like rebounding of emerging center Hassan Whiteside. Part of it has been a lack of needed aggression.
"I'll start doing more on the boards," he said. "If I have to, I'll start fighting Hassan for 'em, too, because that's about two or three a game that I miss now on.
What comes next is what matters for Heat. What comes next is what matters for Heat. SEE MORE VIDEOS
"It's been a struggle. It's been a struggle. I'm just making sure I'm keeping my head and move forward no matter what happens."
The emergence of Whiteside has left Bosh re-cast yet again, this time playing almost exclusively as a power forward.
"It's an adjustment," he said. "I'm still getting used to how teams are reacting to me. That's a daily battle. That's something I'm not used to and it takes a whole season to get used to that.
"I'm trying to put myself in a position where I'm thinking ahead of other defenses. And they're really loading up on me and making it tough on me, and if I'm not hitting easy ones . . . it makes it tougher."
Bosh said he would use the time off to re-recalibrate.
"I think over the All-Star break I'll just put that in my mind and see what I can do to put myself and the team in better positions to be effective," he said.
Bosh said among the reasons the Heat enter the All-Star break at 22-30 is a lack of focus throughout the roster.
"That's something we have work on going into the second half of the season, is just having that mental toughness to just move on and get to the next situation," he said of offensive struggles leading to defensive lapses.
Even at this late stage, Bosh said continuity remains an ongoing battle, with Wade having missed the past seven games.
"It's still a difficult situation to be in," he said. "We want to win basketball games and it still seems like we're still trying to build things, and we still don't have our big gun in there. We're still trying to find continuity in everything.
"So we're still searching. But we just got to keep playing. And the more we keep playing, the more we can figure it out eventually."
No, this is not the type of record Bosh wanted to take into his appearances at All-Star Weekend.
"We can't do anything to change it but move forward," he said. "We can utilize this break to kind of get away, reset, focus on these 30 games that we're going to have.
"We have a chance to move up or move down. So in this 30-game sprint we're going to have to play better, consistent defense and consistent offense. I think overall consistency is something we can improve on."
iwinderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman.
Fred Schneiter spent 30 years working in and around China, and came to recognise the value of keeping an open mind and learning something new every day. You're likely to learn something too if you read this excerpt from his book, Getting Along with the Chinese.
Chinese Mice Don't Eat Cheese
IN THE EARLY DAYS of our wheat food promotion in Asia, the story was the same virtually everywhere. People didn't eat bread because it was terrible. The best that could be said for it was that it kept your hands clean when you ate a sandwich.
Except for what passable fare you might encounter at one of the few new international hotels, hamburgers throughout the Orient defied digestion. The common practice was to prepare them early in the morning (using ingredients of questionable parentage) and then let them stew through the day in a sunny display case until they took on a hard, oily inedibility, with the lettuce acquiring the texture of wet tissue. Asians quickly decided they didn't like hamburgers. They said they preferred rice, and I had to confess that in Asia, I'd rather eat rice too. Before long our industry was working closely with McDonald's to establish a beachhead in South Asia. Properly prepared and presented, hamburgers had to be a hit there. After all, a mix of relish, mustard and ketchup is about as close as you can get to sweet and sour sauce without using a Chinese recipe.
I wasn't surprised when Taiwan's China Post reported later, “When the first Big Mac was served in Taipei on January 28, 1984 few would have imagined that in less than three years, Taiwan would be transformed into a veritable fast-food jungle with over forty-two fast-food chains vying for the public's food dollar.” Not only was it affording a more balanced diet to people who'd been eating as much as 300 pounds of rice a year, the new merchandising system (the article noted) introduced “quality control and sanitation procedures.” Seven years later, I journeyed by train just across the border from Hong Kong to Shenzhen to participate in the opening of the first McDonald's outlet in the People's Republic of China. Marketing experts were awed to find the entire week's inventory sold out in less than three hours. Within weeks that McDonald's had become one of Shenzhen's top tourist attractions.
The acceptance of properly prepared and correctly marketed hamburgers illustrates how—by identifying a circumventible consumer attitude and working aggressively toward improved quality, wheat foods have become a staple in Asia's more developed countries. In urban centers like Hong Kong and Singapore, in stores and shops where food is prohibited, it is now common to see a sign with a line-drawing of a hamburger with a diagonal red slash across it. A decade ago people would have had trouble working out what the picture was supposed to represent.
In the early days of our marketing efforts, we ran a consumer study in Singapore and found Chinese there had only a vague idea of what foods are made with wheat. In Manila, I asked the five-year-old son of a Chinese friend if he knew what noodles were made from. “Worms!” he giggled. And that was the best guess he and his seven-year-old brother could come up with. (Today I find that less surprising than I did back in the 1960s, since a recent survey revealed that half of adult Americans don't know that white bread is made from wheat.)
In our early Asian efforts, by looking beyond what consumers thought they thought, it was possible to develop a multi-billion dollar annual market among an Asian clientele which, at the outset, wasn't at all interested in the product. In China for example, a decade after the opening of our market development program, wheat consumption doubled as better quality, more convenient and more varied wheat foods became available and purchases of US wheat were reaching a billion dollars a year.
If you work at it, it's possible to discover something new about China and the Chinese virtually every day. And this may come from the most unlikely quarter. Years ago in Taiwan I learned something from a mouse which had taken up residence in our home during one of the cold winters which the island experiences, despite its straddling the Tropic of Cancer.
As soon as we became aware of the furry intruder I bought a little wire mesh cage, which traps the mouse alive, and baited it with a piece of cheese. Several days later, with the Cheddar still untouched, a deliveryman noticed the arrangement and said sagely with the waggle of a finger, “Chinese mice not eat cheese.”
While it's widely “understood” Chinese don't like cheese, it hadn't occurred to me the same might hold true for the mice. But the idea did have a ring of truth. If there was no cheese in the home, even a reasonably intelligent mouse might have trouble figuring out it was supposed to go into the cage to eat something it had never before encountered. There had to be a reason why our beady-eyed little boarder hadn't been enticed so far. Rather than having baited a trap it appeared all I was really doing was airing some cheese. I asked the deliveryman what a Chinese mouse might prefer. “Fish,” he said confidently, “with soy sauce.” I'd somehow never thought of a mouse eating fish or that one might prefer it with a dash of soy sauce. In fact, that's about the last thing I'd have thought of using. As he went out the door he added, “Mouse like little ginger on fish.”
I replaced the cheese with a little leftover fish laced with a touch of soy and, of course, shredded ginger. Finding this more to his liking, our uninvited little freeloader was soon apprehended. It was an endorsement of the universal wisdom, “When in Rome do as the Romans do,” which in its Chinese version is, “When visiting a village ask how the villagers do things.”
There's another Taiwan mouse story which illustrates the importance of not taking anything for granted in Asia. My wife Charlene, who was vice-principal of the Taipei American Elementary School at the time, mentioned that a number of mice were being caught around her office. I asked if they were being caught alive and she confirmed they were. I suggested that might account for the good hunting, noting that followers of some Asian religions, on capturing a cobra in the house, for example, would be inclined to release it alive in the garden. Might the school possibly be dealing with only a couple of mice, which, following their capture, are liberated in the playground to return for another fish-and-ginger treat? “That has crossed my mind,” she said. “I'm checking the mouse ‘disposal squad' in the morning.” She returned home the following day with a grand grin and a fresh story of enlightenment. The mice were, in fact, being effectively dispatched. The dispatcher was an alligator.
“A what?”
“An alligator,” she replied. “They feed the mice to an alligator.”
“Where?”
“In the motor pool.”
“The school has an alligator in the motor pool?”
“My reaction exactly,” my wife said firmly. “When I heard that, I marched right over there and said, ‘I want to see the alligator.' ”
“That's a great opening line. I bet it got their attention.”
“Actually,” she replied, “they were pretty casual. They asked, ‘What alligator?' I described the function of the one I had in mind and they said, ‘Oh! You mean that alligator.' ” With that point cleared up, the motor pool crew showed her the large metal tank where the knobby creature was kept and explained it was only a temporary arrangement, as the alligator was actually collateral for a debt someone owed one of the crew. She advised them to find a new depository for the collateral and to come up with a less innovative but equally effective system for dispatching the mice. (It's imperative in Asia to have an inquiring mind and to ask questions . . . or you may discover too late that someone nearby is raising an alligator.)
* * *
The belief that Chinese don't care for cheese has been embraced by Chinese and Westerners alike, but it's not quite true. It's another one of those things where a little unlearning will get you nearer the truth. If you ask someone in China whether they “like cheese” you're virtually assured of a negative answer. Except for ice cream, dairy products have not been widely available or particularly popular in the past. In reality, Chinese aren't much inclined toward a “whiffy” Western cheese. But that shouldn't be surprising. After all, supermarkets in America carry relatively little of the smelly stuff in comparison to the mild varieties. But while Chinese seem confounded by those of us who relish a chunk of stuff which smells like a Ming dynasty camel saddle, a sniff of their own “stinky doufu” bean curd delivers an uppercut that would jolt the senses of a rhinoceros.
An example of their low tolerance for our smelly cheese involved a friend, who on arriving at his hotel in Beijing, discovered he'd picked up the wrong bag at the airport. His bag contained some particularly sniffy cheese which he was bringing to European friends, and when he phoned the airport to inquire about it he learned the bag was there in the customs office. He said he'd pick it up the next day, but the official response to that was, “No! You come pick it up right now.” He did and he didn't have to open it for customs inspection.
But it doesn't necessarily follow that someone doesn't like cheese simply because they don't care for the smell of a particularly lusty one. In fact, the Chinese produce their own varieties. In Kunming, I purchased a white, very mild sheep cheese from a curbside vendor from the hill country. Just north of Macau I discovered a cheese-like fermented bean curd which, pressed into flat paper-thin wafers, is popular as a topping for rice porridge. Its refreshing zippy tang is on par with Europe's best. In a Mongolian yurt I've eaten a heavily sugared hard white cheese, and in the high country near the Russian border nomads provided a midday snack of local bread with chunks of hard sour-milk cheese. Anywhere in China that you find goats, yak or sheep you'll find cheese.
It was this question of Chinese and cheese which provided the unlikely catalyst for one of South Asia's recent outstanding business success stories. Up until the early 1970s, pizzas were available in only a few international hotels, and a couple of Italian restaurants scattered between Manila and Singapore. The patrons were mostly local or visiting foreign aficionados.
Pizza's lack of pizazz suggested either South Asians just didn't care for the product or there was a good market potential ready to be pursued. Suspecting the latter, Shakey's agreed to test the product in Taiwan in cooperation with our organization. The market study was to hinge largely on the reaction of passers-by in downtown Taipei, who would be invited to sample pizza and evaluate it. If the test was a success, a vigorous marketing thrust would introduce pizza throughout the region.
One of the key questions in the initial draft of the survey asked people's reaction to the cheese topping. I warned that if respondents knew that the topping was melted cheese, they would say they didn't like it, which would “confirm” that South Asia lacked a market potential for pizza.
The question was rephrased, “How do you like the sauce?” The Chinese loved it and the first franchised pizza outlet opened in Taipei soon after. Pizza Hut estimated in 1991 that in Hong Kong alone, the pizza industry sold a total of 3.4 million pizzas annually, which adds up to more than 100 tons of cheese consumed with gusto.
By taking a closer look at what everyone had always said was true about the Chinese and cheese we found that it really wasn't correct after all. The new perspective launched a major food industry in Asia, creating thousands of jobs and bringing consumers pleasure, a new convenience, and a more balanced diet. The South China Morning Post noted sales of Western-style fast foods in Hong Kong are among the highest per-capita in the world today. Where a dozen years ago you had to know your way around to find a decent hamburger, consumption of them by Hong Kong's seven million souls now is estimated to be in excess of 1.5 million per week.
In China never take anything at face value. As with the “fact” of Chinese not liking bread or cheese, remember, appearances can be deceptive.
That's why the Chinese say: Don't adjust your shoes in a neighbor's melon patch.
While serving as Miss Rocky Gap, Emma Lutton, of New Windsor, had to combine her philanthropic efforts and pageant-winner responsibilities with another entirely separate set of duties as a lieutenant junior grade in the United States Coast Guard.
Lutton won the Miss Rocky Gap title in March, and the last several months of her title reign have overlapped with her final deployment with the Coast Guard in the Caribbean. Now that she's back in the states, Lutton is looking to expand her role in the Miss America Pageant system as she competes against other local titleholders for the role of Miss Maryland this week.
Unlike many others who began their pageantry careers earlier, Lutton said the Miss Rocky Gap competition was only her second ever attempt at winning a crown. She said she was inspired after seeing the work her younger sister was doing as a titleholder.
"I had this misconception that pageants were just about looking pretty and being dumb," Lutton said. "Then I realized how big of a difference I could make with charities and community service."
Under the recommendation of current Miss Maryland Hannah Brewer, a Hampstead resident, Lutton decided to compete in the Miss Rocky Gap contest — the very same contest that started Brewer on her path to the Miss Maryland title.
Lutton said she was attracted to the Miss America pageants due to their emphasis on scholarships, which she is currently eying to help pay for graduate school. Lutton graduated with a degree in electrical engineering from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in 2015 and is currently interested in studying to become a patent lawyer.
Though her father and older brother both served in the Navy, Lutton said she wasn't initially interested in the military.
"I thought, 'You guys are cool, but I'm going to do my own cool thing,'" Lutton said. "My senior year, I realized I really wanted to be an engineer, but I love people and I love making a difference while not just sitting in a cubical."
After visiting the Coast Guard Academy, Lutton said she knew it was the place for her. She said one of the main draws of the Coast Guard over the other military branches is the high percentage of women in the service and the lack of barriers for females.
"I didn't want to work really hard and find out that a certain path is closed off to me just because I'm a girl," she said.
For her platform, Lutton chose to support the Forgotten Soldiers Outreach, providing care packages to service members overseas. She said she's also passionate about supporting military family members, who don't always have the support they need."
"There's not enough out there for families who are picking up and moving when we go," Lutton said. "The most popular jobs for military spouses are nursing and teaching, and it's extraordinarily difficult to get re-certified every time they move."
Emma's mother, Patty, said she is appreciative of her daughter's service in and out of the military.
"When she decided to go into the Coast Guard, we were a little apprehensive to have two out of our three kids in the military," she said, "but we're incredibly proud of her."
Lutton has been competing in the Miss Maryland pageant throughout the week, with preliminary interviews, swimsuit, talent and evening gown competitions taking place. Saturday, the field will be narrowed down to the top 10, one of whom will be crowned Miss Maryland by the end of the night.
Lutton said she's excited just to make it this far, and is thrilled that both the pageantry and her service can complement each other.
"I think the two things really help support each other," Lutton said. "Being in the Coast Guard helps make me a stronger woman that little girls can look up to, and being in the pageant can help the visibility of the Coast Guard which is a smaller service."
jacob.denobel@carrollcountytimes.com
410-857-7890
Twitter.com/Jacob_deNobel
At today's meeting with Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar, Prime Minister Taavi Rõivas stated that the European Union must maintain its unified approach and carry on resolutely in response to Russia's aggression in Ukraine, and it must not be confined to expressing concern alone, reports BC government's press service.
Miro Cerar and Taavi Rõivas. Tallinn, 4.02.2015. Photo: valitsus.ee
In addition to security matters, the Prime Ministers also discussed the promotion of economic relations between the two countries.
“Russia has a direct and clear role in the conflict, and it is responsible for the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine,” stated Rõivas and noted that the European Union stands united on security matters – this was confirmed by the extraordinary meeting of the EU Foreign Affairs Council on 29 January, where it was decided to extend the sanctions against Russia until September of this year.” At the extraordinary summit of the European Council next week, we will certainly discuss the options for supporting Ukraine,” Rõivas added.
Prime Minister Cerar, who is on a two-day visit to Estonia, said that the final outcome of the situation in Ukraine is unpredictable and also of concern for Slovenians. “Russia has gone too far in the violation of international law. In this regard, we are certainly in agreement; Slovenia is without doubt in favour of finding a political solution to Russia's aggression,” stated Cerar.
When talking about the new government of Greece, the Heads of Government agreed that all member states of the EU must comply with their obligations and the EU cannot make an exception at the expense of other member states in the case of Greece.
The Prime Ministers stated that there is room for improvement regarding the promotion of economic relations between Estonia and Slovenia. In particular, expansion in the areas of logistics, tourism, pharmacy, food industry and digital services would be welcome. Rõivas confirmed that Estonia will gladly share its experiences on e-services and e-health and encouraged Slovenia to make investments in Estonia regarding these areas.
Cerar invited the Estonian Head of Government to visit Slovenia and confirmed that the Slovenian delegacy will visit Estonia in March to learn more from Estonia's experiences on digital services.
Rõivas and Cerar expressed the hope that the planned railway connections will contribute to the improvement of economic relations in the future. While Estonia is striving for the completion of Rail Baltic, Slovenia is also making the same kind of efforts between Slovenia and Central Europe – both projects would connect Estonia and Slovenia by a fast and high-quality railway.
Source: iStock
Goodwill Industries, a tax-exempt non-profit that generates more than $5 billion in annual revenue and pays its executives six-figure and seven-figure salaries, pays some of its workers as little as $0.22 per hour. Why? Because they are disabled.
Section 14(c) of the Fair Labor Standard Act (FLSA) of 1938 grants employers the right to pay people with disabilities subminimum wages. What Goodwill is doing is completely legal. The company likes to tout that it provides jobs for thousands of people with disabilities, yet after years of criticism for its exploitation of these workers, the company still neglects to pay all of its workers minimum wage.
Instead, disabled employees' wages reflect their productivity. In 2012, Sheila Leigland, a blind former Goodwill employee, told NBC she wasn't paid fairly and felt exploited. She was earning $3.99 per hour until she returned to work after a knee injury to find her pay was reduced even more, so she decided to resign. “At $2.75 it would barely cover my cost of getting to work. I wouldn't make any money,” she said.
Goodwill wants to see workers hang 100 garments in 32 minutes, and depending on how badly employees miss the mark, hourly wages are cut. Leigland says she and her husband, who is also blind and worked at Goodwill, should not have been hanging clothes to begin with because they can't see the sizes. She explained to NBC that she is college-educated and would have been more successful at a different job, such as answering phones.
To be fair, Goodwill is not the only employer paying disabled workers subminimum wages. The law, unfortunately, still permits it, so it is happening nationwide. In a statement to NBC News, the Labor Department said that the FLSA provision “provides workers with disabilities the opportunity to be given meaningful work and receive an income.” But many disability advocates say that law needs to change and companies like Goodwill ought to know better.
Not every disabled Goodwill employee has a bad experience. Geraldine Hendricks said without the job, her son, who has Down syndrome, would “just be left at home without anything to do.” Some disabled workers live on Social Security, so their experience at Goodwill might bring purpose to their lives, rather than a reasonable income. Goodwill even runs a vocational training facility for the disabled to help teach skills to the many disabled Americans who are unemployed.
Goodwill's successes, of which there are surely many, should not excuse its failures. After all, why can't a profitable employer like Goodwill afford to give workers both a sense of purpose and the minimum wage? Despite questions like this, the company stands by its policies. Jim Gibbons, the CEO and President of Goodwill Industries, insists the company provides jobs to those who would otherwise have “no job at all,” but this excuse only patronizes the disabled with a resounding “take what you can get.”
The organization's critics have made noise about the issue over the past few years, sparking protests, petitions, and media coverage. More than 170,000 people have signed a Change.org petition demanding Goodwill pay its disabled workers a fair wage. The kicker for many advocates is the huge amount of money Goodwill spends on executive salaries. According to a 2013 investigation by Watchdog.org, Goodwill of Southern California paid more than $1.1 million in total compensation to its CEO in 2011.
Since Leigland first came forward to share her experience, the cause has gained at least some momentum. In February 2014, disabilities rights groups succeeded in pressuring the White House to include disabled workers in the $10.10 per hour federal contractor minimum wage. Many argue, however, it was a merely symbolic victory since it directly impacted relatively few workers.
A bill called the Transitioning to Integrated and Meaningful Employment (TIME) Act, which proposes to phase out special wage certificates, was introduced to Congress in January 2015. The bill wasn't given a great prognosis by GovTrack.us, estimating a 3% chance of passage, but the bill is still alive, as it was referred to the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections in April 2015. Seemingly, with enough pressure, it could even gain traction.
The problem with the subminimum wage law is this: While it may have made sense when it was first instituted in 1938, it certainly doesn't make sense now. When the 14(c) exemption was passed, it required that disabled employees in competitive industries earn at least 75% of the minimum wage. In 1966, the requirement dropped to 50%. Finally, in 1986 the floor was removed altogether, paving the way for people with disabilities to literally work for pennies, completely legally.
More from Business Cheat Sheet:
ArtPrize 2011 Top 10 11 Galleries: ArtPrize 2011 Top 10
Update:
GRAND RAPIDS –
top 10 finalists include four former top 10 finalists among eight past participants from the first two ArtPrize contests. Mia Tavonatti, Paul Baliker and Bill Secunda, who finished in second, fourth and seventh place in ArtPrize 2010, respectively, were returned to the ranks of finalists in this evening's announcement at the Grand Rapids Art Museum. Tracy Van Duinen, the second-place winner in the inaugural ArtPrize 2009, is the fourth who will share in nearly $450,000 in prize money. Four past ArtPrize participants -- Ritch Brandstrom, Sunti Pichetchaiyakul, Robert Shangle and Llew “Doc” Tilma -- enter the ranks of finalists for the first time. Two newcomers to ArtPrize, Laura Alexander, of Columbus, Ohio, and Lynda Cole, of Ann Arbor, round out the ranks of the 10 finalists. ArtPrize unveiled its 10 finalists at 6 p.m. today following nine days of voting with just over 370,000 votes cast by nearly 27,700 activated voters. Voting begins at 7 p.m. tonight for the 10 finalists who will share in $449,000 in cash prizes with $250,000 going to first place, $100,000 for second place and $50,000 for third place. Finalists who finish fourth through 10th place each will receive a $7,000 cash prize at the Winner's Announcement on Oct. 6 in DeVos Performance Hall.
In the second round of voting, each registered and activated voter has just one “up” vote to cast for one of the 10 finalists up until 11:59 p.m. Oct. 5. Voters, however, can change their minds and their vote until the deadline. Viewers who haven't registered to vote still can sign up and vote in the second round. Register online at
or go to one of ArtPrize's eight exhibition centers of The Hub, ArtPrize's headquarters, at 41 Sheldon Blvd. SE.
when ArtPrize's website and servers crashed in the morning, and ArtPrize officials decided to extend voting from the 11:59 p.m. deadline yesterday until 4 p.m. this afternoon. While some votes were recorded Wednesday, full voting ability wasn't restored until early this morning with a basic “quick vote” function by 2 a.m. Full functionality was restored about 4 a.m. The final count in the first round was 370,309 votes cast by 27,711 activated voters. The delay may have diminished the overall first-round vote. Last year, ArtPrize 2010 ended its first round of voting with 448,633 votes cast by 31,014 registered voters, some 40 percent more than the inaugural ArtPrize.
ARTPRIZE 2011: TOP 10
ARTPRIZE 2011 CRITICAL DISCOURSE
When
: 8 p.m. Friday
Where
: Ladies Literary Club, 61 Sheldon Blvd. SE
More info
: Go to
E-mail Jeffrey Kaczmarczyk: jkaczmarczyk@grpress.com
Two of the country's leading secular organizations have achieved a big legal victory today with a ruling against a massive cross in a Florida public park.
The 34-foot white Latin cross that the city of Pensacola owns, displays and funds dominates the Bayview Park. The cross is also the site of numerous Easter Sunrise services, frequently co-hosted by Christian churches. A plaque specifically referencing Easter sits at the base of a platform near the cross.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation and the American Humanist Association's Appignani Legal Center filed the suit against the city after residents of Pensacola, who objected to the cross on public property, contacted them. When the city refused to respond to warning letters and remove the cross from government property, the groups teamed up to take legal action in May 2016.
On Monday, June 19, Senior U.S. District Judge Roger Vinson ruled that “the Bayview Cross can no longer stand as a permanent fixture on city-owned property.” He pithily added, “The law is the law.”
Vinson ordered the cross removed within 30 days. The ruling came down speedily less than a week after oral arguments were heard on June 14. The city could appeal the case to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The decision by Vinson, a senior federal judge for the Northern District of Florida – Pensacola Division appointed by President Reagan, can, however, most charitably be characterized as begrudging. It was marred by ill-informed excursions into the history of the First Amendment.
“The historical record indicates that the Founding Fathers did not intend for the Establishment Clause to ban crosses and religious symbols from public property,” Vinson erroneously stated, and went on to castigate the U.S. Supreme Court for its recent rulings on the separation of state and church.
FFRF is appreciative, in a way, that a judge with this perspective still comprehends the illegality of the Bayview Cross.
“Even this judge had to agree he had no choice but to find this government-owned, 34-foot cross in a public park in violation of the Constitution,” says FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. “The Constitution holds and reason has prevailed.”
Gaylor notes that public parks are for the public — of all religious beliefs and no religious beliefs, and it's so obvious why sectarian symbols do not belong there.
“We are pleased that the Court struck down this Cross as violative of the First Amendment,” says Monica Miller, Senior Counsel at the Appignani Humanist Legal Center. “The cross was totally unavoidable to park patrons, and to have citizens foot the bill for such a religious symbol is both unfair and unconstitutional.”
Vinson echoed that sentiment in his ruling. After the unfortunate starting digression, he went in the right direction.
“This is not a ‘borderline case,'” he stated. “The Bayview Cross clearly has a primarily — if not exclusively — religious purpose.”
The judgment can be read here.
Plaintiffs are Amanda Kondrat'yev; Andreiy Kondrat'yev; David Suhor and Andre Ryland. The case was brought by both FFRF and AHA, and handled by AHA's senior counsel Monica Miller and legal director David Niose, and FFRF staff attorneys Rebecca Markert and Madeline Ziegler. Case 3:16-cv-00195-RV-CJK
The Freedom From Religion Foundation, based in Madison, Wis., a 501(c)(3) nonprofit educational charity, is the nation's largest association of freethinkers (atheists, agnostics), and has been working since 1978 to keep religion and government separate. With more than 29,000 members, the organization also educates the pubic about nontheism. Founded in 1941 and headquartered in Washington, D.C., the American Humanist Association (AHA) works to protect the rights of humanists, atheists and other nontheistic Americans. The AHA advances the ethical and life-affirming philosophy of humanism, which — without beliefs in any gods or other supernatural forces — encourages individuals to live informed and meaningful lives that aspire to the greater good of humanity.
The first week of the Liga MX has come and gone, and most matches were fairly disappointing. Only 16 goals were scored in all nine games, three matches ended in 0-0 ties, and a total of nine teams are still waiting to score their first Liga MX goal. Take a look at our game-by-game recap of the Week 1 of the Liga MX.
You can view the latest Liga MX standings here, the schedule here, and all Week 1 goals and highlights here.
JAGUARES 0 – TIGRES 4
Please read the full Jaguares vs Tigres match analysis here.
TIJUANA 2 – PUEBLA 0
Please read the full Xolos vs Puebla match analysis here.
QUERETARO 0 – LEON 2
Ten years. That's how long Leon fans had to wait to celebrate another victory in the top division of Mexican soccer. Leon is finally back, and they came back with a roar, beating Queretaro in their own stadium. The match had several things going for it, which made it extra special: both teams are fighting the relegation battle, this is a “Clasico del Bajio” (regional rivalry), and it's Matosas' first time back to La Corregidora (after his unfair firing from Queretaro). Overall, it was a good match, with back-and-forth play. In the end, Leon was the superior team, and the goals from Burbano and Hernandez were enough for the three vital points.
CRUZ AZUL 0 – MORELIA 0
As the home team, Cruz Azul took it upon itself to attack and go for the win. Unfortunately for the home crowd, Mariano Pavone did not have a good debut, and missed four or five clear goal-scoring opportunities. Morelia played a defensive game and got what they came for, one point. Overall, the match was fairly boring, and it was one of the three matches in Week 1 where no goals were scored.
MONTERREY 0 – AMERICA 0
Please read the full Monterrey vs America match review here.
SANTOS 2 – SAN LUIS 1
The defending Liga MX champions were startled by a very quick goal by San Luis, a long distance shot by Emilio Lopez, which Oswaldo Sanchez failed to deflect. However, they came back almost immediately and evened the score in the 3rd minute off a corner kick. For the rest of the first half and most of the second half, San Luis played a smart defensive game that really clogged up the midfield. However, in the 71st minute, Herculez Gomez received a long range pass and scored what would be the winning goal. San Luis tried to come back but were unable to score. Overall, one of the better matches of the week.
ATLAS 1 – PUMAS 1
Pumas had this game in the bag, they were clearly the superior team for most parts of the match held in Estadio Jalisco. Martin Bravo scored a fantastic long-range goal early in the first half; from then on Pumas had control of the ball. However, Joaquin del Olmo gambled on maintaining the score rather than attacking to secure a second goal and the win. Well, the gamble failed, a late mistake by Pikolin 2 (the goalie) led to an own-goal and a disappointing draw for Pumas.
TOLUCA 2 – CHIVAS 1
Read the full Toluca vs Chivas match review here.
ATLANTE 0 – PACHUCA 0
One word can describe this game: boring. The best part out of this whole match actually took place before the match even started, when Hugo and La Volpe gave each other a half-hearted handshake. Atlante played in front of a mostly empty stadium, and did what it could to get a point out of this match. The visiting team, which on paper has a much superior team, tried to attack, but you can tell there are still some teamwork issues that will need to be addressed by Hugo. We'll see if “Mexico's Team” (that's Pachuca, for all those of you who haven't bough into their marketing campaign), plays a better match at home next week against Atlas.
On September 9, the Israeli agency for Coordination of Government Activities in the (Palestinian) Territories, or COGAT, posted the photograph below, aimed at proving that Palestinian students are freely leaving Gaza for opportunities abroad. “It wrote: LIVE: 65 students exit #Gaza to study abroad #LikeEveryMonth.” The student in the propaganda photo saw it and wrote a response. She has allowed us to publish it. –Editors.
My response to COGAT's photo of me as I crossed Erez from Gaza
Not only was I shocked to see the Israeli “Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories” photo of myself on their facebook post, but even more disgusted by the fact they have used it to make a claim that is 100% false. This is ME in this picture- the Palestinian woman.
And yes, I did get out of the Gaza Strip through The Israeli Erez Checkpoint on December, 29th 2014 which was eight months ago. The laugh I have on my face is a laugh out of fear and indeed it was a miracle the photographer caught that moment given the ordeal I had just been through. I spent the entire time extremely scared as the checkpoint was full of Israeli soldiers with their advanced weapons, knowing full well they controlled our entire lives. I was thinking to myself that they can shoot me in the blink of an eye and I will be just another number of the Palestinian body count, killed by Israel and forgotten by the outside world. So I was indeed relieved just to get through and experience those extra steps of momentary freedom that nearly all of my people in Gaza are never permitted to take. Especially given that I had already lived through the three Israeli assaults from 2008-2015 against the Gaza Strip that had their own impact on me and my family. Too scared to focus, I even lost my wallet that had my I-20 in it, and without the I-20 that comes along with the visa I could not travel to the USA to join the university – I actually got stuck in Amman-Jordan for two weeks. This created other complications and obstacles for me. I lost a lot of other personal items at the checkpoint and who wouldn't, with the kind of nerves that anyone would have traveling abroad for the first time and facing up close the guns and soldiers who had long denied me my freedom and spent the whole of last summer massacring my people.
On the day I left Gaza through Erez, I was planning to spend a few days in Ramallah with my uncle and his family, but I was not allowed. Eventually, I found out that we were a group of students (who had got their scholarships through the PLO – unlike me) who had received coordination from the Palestinian Authority to ONLY pass through present-day Israel directly to Amman. Luckily, I was included in this group because I had the American F1 student visa and a visa to Jordan. This and the fact I had frequently applied to get a permit and been rejected so they just let me through. For many others, places abroad are dashed for Palestinians just as deserving of their placement abroad. In the end, we got on a bus, were driven directly to Amman and had a police car from the Israeli government right behind us for the entire journey until we got to the Jordanian crossing.
This picture was published WITHOUT my consent and is an example of how the camera lies. But what do I expect from an occupation that evolved into a state that was built on manipulation, aggression, lies and the destruction of other peoples' lives?
To imprison and kill us with the world watching – we are used to this. To use us as photo opportunities to falsely present Israel's treatment of us as kind, is an even greater insult.
Mukarram AbuAlouf
Last week, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case of Timothy Tyrone Foster, a black man sentenced to death by an all-white Georgia jury in 1987 for murdering an elderly white woman. Foster claims that the prosecution deliberately eliminated all four eligible black jurors. The state argues that race played no role in jury selection. It's an odd argument in light of the evidence that emerged decades after Foster's conviction: in their notes, the prosecutors highlighted the black jurors' names in green; circled the answer “black” on the questionnaire where jurors had been asked to identify their race; labelled three black jurors “B#1,” “B#2,” and “B#3”; and identified which person to keep “if we had to pick a black juror.”
The Supreme Court may well grant Foster a new trial on the grounds that the state violated Batson v. Kentucky, a landmark 1986 case in which the Court declared it unconstitutional to strike potential jurors because of their race. But a victory for Foster won't change the fact that, nearly thirty years later, prosecutors across the country, and especially in the South, continue to get away with intentionally striking black people from juries in trials of black defendants. The most remarkable thing about Batson, it turns out, is how easy it has been to ignore.
Jury selection occurs in two steps. First, the judge dismisses potential jurors “for cause” if they can't be impartial. Second, after questioning the remaining jurors, the defense and the prosecution each have a number of peremptory strikes (the number varies by state) to remove jurors they don't like until twelve are left. The lawyers don't have to give any justification for these strikes, and they don't need the judge's approval. That poses a problem for a legal system that forbids racial discrimination: If the prosecutor doesn't have to give a reason, what's to stop him from getting rid of a juror because he's black?
The Supreme Court's answer in Batson was to allow a defendant to force the prosecution to explain a strike if it seems to be racially motivated. When making a Batson challenge, as it soon came to be called, the defense must first convince the judge that there is reason to suspect that a strike was based on race, usually by pointing out the high proportion of black jurors being targeted. Next, the prosecutor has to give a race-neutral reason for striking the juror. Then it's up to the judge to decide whether the reason is legitimate or a pretext for a race-based strike.
Justice Thurgood Marshall voted with the majority in Batson, but in a concurring opinion he warned that its procedure wouldn't really solve the problem of race-biased jury selection: it would be too easy for prosecutors to make up race-neutral reasons for striking a juror.
Marshall's skepticism was quickly vindicated. As soon as Batson was decided, prosecutors started coming up with tactics to evade it. In a 1987 training video that became notorious when it was leaked years later, Jack McMahon, an assistant district attorney in Philadelphia, told new prosecutors, “When you do have a black jury, you question them at length. And on this little sheet that you have, mark something down that you can articulate later. . . . You may want to ask more questions of those people so it gives you more ammunition to make an articulable reason as to why you are striking them, not for race.”
A consensus soon formed that the Batson remedy was toothless. In a 1996 opinion, an Illinois appellate judge, exasperated by “the charade that has become the Batson process,” catalogued some of the flimsy reasons for striking jurors that judges had accepted as “race-neutral”: too old, too young; living alone, living with a girlfriend; over-educated, lack of maturity; unemployed, employed as a barber; and so on. The judge joked, “New prosecutors are given a manual, probably entitled, ‘Handy Race-Neutral Explanations' or ‘20 Time-Tested Race-Neutral Explanations.'”
As it turns out, that really happens. In the nineteen-nineties, the North Carolina prosecutors' association held training sessions where prosecutors got one-page handouts such as “Batson Justifications: Articulating Juror Negatives,” which listed reasons for striking jurors based on traits like age and body language. A similar list distributed in 2004 to Texas prosecutors included justifications like “Agreed with O. J. Simpson verdict” and “Watched gospel TV programs.”
Stephen Bright, the president of the Southern Center for Human Rights, who is representing Foster on its behalf, argued and won a Batson appeal at the Supreme Court in 2008. But Bright, a longtime capital trial and appellate lawyer, doesn't see that victory as a vindication of the procedure.
“It just makes such a farce of the system,” he said. “Nobody—the judge, the prosecutor, the defense lawyers—nobody thinks the reasons are really the reasons they strike the people. They strike the people because of their race. I mean, we all know that. And then you try to come up with a good reason for doing it and see if you can get away with it.”
“You're asking the judge to say that the prosecutor intentionally discriminated on the basis of race, and that he lied about it,” he went on. “That's very difficult psychologically for the average judge.”
There are no comprehensive statistics on how often prosecutors strike jurors based on race, but there is little doubt that the practice remains common, especially in the South. In Caddo Parish, Louisiana, prosecutors struck forty-eight per cent of qualified black jurors between 1997 and 2009 and only fourteen per cent of qualified whites, according to a review by the Louisiana Capital Assistance Center. In Jefferson Parish, where a quarter of the population is black, the split was even greater—fifty-five per cent to sixteen per cent—so that twenty-two per cent of felony trials between 1994 and 2002 had no black jurors. According to a 2010 report by the Equal Justice Initiative documenting discrimination in eight Southern states, half of all juries that delivered death sentences in Houston County, Alabama, between 2005 and 2009 were all white; the other half had a single black juror. Houston County is twenty-seven per cent black.
In 2012, a North Carolina judge found that in capital cases between 1990 and 2010 prosecutors statewide struck potential black jurors at twice the rate of non-blacks.* A regression analysis showed that the disparity held even when controlling for other factors that correlate with race. In a pained opinion, the judge concluded, “Race, not reservations about the death penalty, not connections to the criminal justice system, but race, drives prosecution decisions about which citizens may participate in one of the most important and visible aspects of democratic government.”
Why do race-based peremptory challenges persist? Because race is an unfortunate but powerful basis for generalization. To state the obvious, black people are more likely to have been targeted or abused by police; to be affected by the extreme racial disparities in arrests, incarceration, and the death penalty; and to understand that crimes against black victims are prosecuted less vigorously than those against whites. All things being equal, a prosecutor has reason to think that a black juror is less likely to side with the government against a black defendant than a white one. (Former prosecutors with whom I spoke stressed that attorneys defending black clients are just as likely to strike whites in order to get more blacks on the jury. The Supreme Court has held that defense strikes of white jurors also violate Batson.)
Research backs up the common-sense intuition that excluding black people from juries can influence verdicts. A 2004 study by the Capital Jury Project found that in cases with a black defendant and a white victim, having one or more black male jurors drastically lowered the chances of a death sentence. Experiments have shown that all-white mock juries spend less time deliberating, make more factual mistakes, and are more likely to convict a minority defendant than racially diverse juries. These studies suggest what some prosecutors have long assumed: striking potential black jurors raises the odds of a black defendant being convicted and increases the penalty he is likely to receive.
Even apart from trial outcomes, discriminatory strikes distort a basic premise of the jury system: the notion that a jury represents the whole community. “Maybe the most powerful thing that a citizen can do, more powerful than voting, is to serve on a jury,” Tye Hunter, the former director of the Center for Death Penalty Litigation, which brought the 2012 North Carolina case, said. “And the fact that black people are routinely over-excused from that duty is just another very public, very significant badge of inferiority and second-class citizenship.”
The defense bar celebrated Batson when it was decided. Even Justice Marshall, who had expressed concerns about its effectiveness, applauded the majority for taking “a historic step toward eliminating the shameful practice of racial discrimination in the selection of juries.” It's clear today, though, that Batson rested on faulty assumptions. The Court placed too much faith in trial judges and underestimated prosecutors' motivation to circumvent the rule, possibly because it refused to recognize that there was any rational reason to strike jurors based on race. And once it became clear that the Batson test wouldn't do the trick, the Court refused to strengthen it. In fact, later decisions did the opposite, holding that judges can accept even a “silly or superstitious” reason—like a lawyer thinking that a prospective juror's mustache is “suspicious”—as long as it doesn't explicitly invoke race.
What should be done? In his Batson concurrence, Justice Marshall argued that only banning peremptory challenges would solve the problem. While that idea has picked up support from academics and judges, including Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, it's a political nonstarter. Most trial lawyers, even on the defense side, just don't want to give up their ability to use strikes to shape the jury, and they have the clout to prevent it from happening.
Richard Bourke, who has worked on Batson appeals as the director of the Louisiana Capital Assistance Center, suggested that the most powerful, realistic reform would be to have states track the racial makeup of jury selection in the same way they track the racial statistics of traffic stops. He has a point. Neither courts nor legislatures will think seriously about replacing the feeble Batson procedure if there aren't public objections to it. But cases like Timothy Tyrone Foster's, where the defense uncovers the prosecution's blatantly racist notes, are rare. Race-based peremptory strikes are almost always invisible, or at least, as Batson has shown, hard to prove. Only when such strikes are added up can they be seen. Batson is a reminder that a legal system formally blind to race is just as often blind to racism.
Correction: A previous version of this post misidentified the North Carolina court that issued the 2012 opinion.
VANCOUVER, BC - Vancouver Whitecaps FC confirmed today that Homegrown players Sam Adekugbe and Russell Teibert have been called up to the Canadian men's national team for the third round of 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia™ qualifying in a two-leg series against Belize.
The team begins training in Toronto on August 31 and will play the first leg at BMO Field on September 4, before the scene shifts to FFB Field in Belmopan, Belize for the second leg on September 8.
SCHEDULE: 2018 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers
“We need to maintain our concentration against Belize,” said Canada head coach Benito Floro. “It is very important to score goals and continue our strong play at the back. We consider that this is a good team and we must treat them with respect because in eliminatory games like this there are no small teams."
This will be the first meeting between the two national sides since the FIFA World Cup Qualifier in June 2004. Canada won the two-game series with an 8-0 aggregate win with both matches taking place in Kingston, as Belize didn't have a suitable facility to host a game at the time.
The winner of the series moves into the fourth round that gets underway in November. That will be a four-team group that includes Mexico, Honduras, and the winner of another third round tie between El Salvador and Curacao.
Adekugbe, 20, will be making his third appearance at a Canadian men's national team camp, after being invited last March but was unable to join due to injury. He most recently saw international action for Canada's U-20 men's national team when he played the full 90 minutes in four of five matches during the 2015 U-20 CONCACAF Championships, picking up an assist in Canada's 3-1 win against Haiti on January 10.
Adekugbe was named to the MLS Team of the Week earlier this year after making his first start of the season against Chicago Fire. The Calgary-based defender went on to start six of the following seven matches for Whitecaps FC before being sidelined with a right ankle injury in the first leg of the Amway Canadian Championship semifinal versus FC Edmonton on May 13. He made his first appearance back from injury in the 1-1 draw versus Seattle Sounders FC in the 2015-16 Scotiabank CONCACAF Champions League opener on August 5.
Teibert, 22, rejoins the national team after making three appearances for Canada at the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup and scoring his first international goal in Canada's 2-0 win over Dominica in World Cup Qualifiers on June 11. The Niagara Falls, Ontario-born midfielder has earned 17 caps with the Canadian senior men's national team after making his debut in August 2012 at the age of 19 years old.
Teibert has made 10 starts in 18 MLS appearances for Whitecaps FC this season, highlighted by MLS Team of the Week selections for his performances in the 2-0 win over LA Galaxy on April 4 and in the 1-0 victory at Real Salt Lake two weeks after. On Wednesday, Teibert was presented the George Gross Memorial Trophy as the tournament MVP after Whitecaps FC won their first-ever Voyageurs Cup in the Amway Canadian Championship.
Adekugbe and Teibert will join Canada following Whitecaps FC's August 29 match at Houston Dynamo and will be back in Vancouver on September 9, when the 'Caps host Colorado Rapids at BC Place.
CANADIAN NATIONAL TEAM ROSTER:
GK - Milan Borjan | BUL / Ludogorets Razgrad
GK - Maxime Crépeau | CAN / Impact de Montréal
GK - Kenny Stamatopoulos | SWE / AIK
D - Samuel Adekugbe | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC
D - Luca Gasparotto | SCO / Glasgow Rangers (on loan at Greenock Morton)
D - Manjrekar James | HUN / Diosgyori VTK
D - Karl W. Ouimette | USA / New York Red Bulls
D/M - Marcel de Jong | USA / Sporting KC
D/M - David Edgar | ENG / Birmingham City FC (on loan at Sheffield United)
D/M - Nik Ledgerwood | GER / Energie Cottbus
D/M - Adam Straith | NOR / Fredrikstad
M - Tesho Akindele | USA / FC Dallas
M - Kyle Bekker | CAN / Impact de Montréal
M - Atiba Hutchinson | TUR / Besiktas
M - Will Johnson | USA / Portland Timbers
M - Issey Nakajima-Farran | MAS / Terengganu
M - Michael Petrasso | ENG / Queens Park Rangers
M - Samuel Piette | ESP / Deportivo la Coruna (on loan at Racing de Ferrol)
M - Russell Teibert | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC
M/F - Tosaint Ricketts | TUR / Boluspor
F - Marcus Haber | ENG / Crewe Alexandra FC
F - Cyle Larin | USA / Orlando City SC
Be a part of the best sporting atmosphere in Vancouver! Whitecaps FC Season Tickets are now on sale. In addition to Season Tickets, Whitecaps FC offer a flexible range of ticket products, including Half-Season Packs, 5-Packs, a Youth Soccer Half-Season Ticket, and single match tickets. For more information, visit whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
Two upstate New York police officers have been suspended without pay for allegedly using a cart to run over and kill a groundhog during a boisterous police union golf event.
Read more
The Rensselaer police officers were suspended because they knew the matter was being investigated by officers in nearby Troy and failed to own up to their involvement in the animal's killing, the Albany Times-Union reports.
"They failed to report it. So they're being given a 30-day suspension without pay," said Mayor Dan Dwyer.
Witnesses told investigating officers that two cops chased the woodchuck around in a golf cart until it became exhausted. The pair then allegedly ran it over, AP reports.
The incident, dubbed the “woodchuck homicide” case by the Albany Times-Union, occurred during a police union golf outing in Troy on July 29.
Local police said there isn't much to charge officers Tyler Sammon and Mark Spath. However, Rick Fusco, chief of police for Rensselaer, said an internal investigation is continuing, and that he will push to fire both officers if the investigation finds them guilty.
The incident prompted tweeters to draw comparisons with the recent spate of police shootings in the US.
If only that woodchuck was "resisting" and was wearing a hoodie, this all could have been swept under the rug. https://t.co/bO1pjIgSWk — Mike Bates (@MikeBatesSBN) September 21, 2016
When cops get suspended for killing an animal but can't get suspended for killing an innocent black man. 😒https://t.co/5Iusyqf3LW — Kimberly (@iamkimmie25) September 21, 2016
Two cops got suspended for killing a woodchuck intentionally but when a cop kills a black man they go on "paid leave"😒 — Marquette Wilhite (@gomomiles) September 21, 2016
The Board of Public Safety decided to suspend the pair for their part in the debacle after a 90-minute discussion during a special meeting on the matter on Monday.
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ambitious plan for a multi-billion pound regeneration around a new-look Piccadilly station can be revealed by the M.E.N.
Town hall chiefs want to unlock the rewards of the planned High Speed 2 rail link long before it arrives – in a regeneration bonanza dubbed the ‘opportunity of the century'.
Planners want to create a new ‘gateway quarter' modelled on Amsterdam and New York.
It would be centred around the new HS2 terminal – and a grand new entrance plaza replacing the existing front of Piccadilly station.
The plan would also include:
* A leafy boulevard linking London Road with east Manchester, ending in a park on Fairfield Street – creating a green corridor between the Medlock Valley and the city centre.
* A ‘Spinningfields-style' business centre between Great Ancoats Street and the Rochdale and Ashton canals.
* An ‘East Village' of waterside homes, shops and offices in Piccadilly Basin.
* 10,000 new homes between Piccadilly and the Holt Town area of Bradford.
* New homes, green spaces and offices on the former Mayfield Depot site.
(Image: Bennetts Associates)
High speed rail is not due to hit the north until 2032, but council bosses want Manchester to reap its rewards sooner.
They hope to bring in billions of pounds worth of investment as part of plans to expand the city centre out to the north and east.
A clutch of regeneration plans due to be considered by the council's executive next week refer to the overall vision as a ‘once in a century' opportunity.
Susan Williams, director of the North West Rail Campaign, said the city's ideas are ‘absolutely right'.
She added: “It's just such a huge infrastructure investment and the first I have seen like it in my lifetime.
“I don't think there will ever be anything as big as this in the next century.
“Manchester does take the bull by the horn and they have been prepared very well for the opportunities that arises out of it.”
Town hall chiefs say the new HS2 terminal at Piccadilly would be ‘world class' – along the lines of the St Pancras Eurostar terminal in London's King's Cross.
It would also feature a new tram interchange and coach station.
(Image: Bennetts Associates)
While much of the land involved in the masterplan is publicly owned, it is understood the council is in negotiations with a number of private landowners whose property would need demolishing – including property giants Bruntwood.
The Mayfield Depot is currently owned by the government, as part of a package of former British Rail property.
Manchester council bosses have been working with ministers, HS2 and private developers on the vision over the past year.
The first phase of work would be on the ‘boulevard' and Mayfield site, and could start within three years.
Funding is expected to be a combination of government transport cash, council money – for public spaces and highways – and private investment.
Council leader Sir Richard Leese said no figure had yet been put on the project's value – but that it would be 'ten figures'.
He added: “This is all about getting ahead of the game. Instead of waiting until the building process, we are starting now – if we start now, we can't lose.”
How Piccadilly planners have taken inspiration from world's top cities
PLANNERS have looked to international inspiration for the Piccadilly area – with a draft ‘strategic regeneration framework' document full of references to the likes of Amsterdam and New York.
They say the ‘East Village' of waterside apartments, townhouses, shops and offices would be modelled on its New York namesake, Nine Streets in Amsterdam and Soho Square in London. The report also points to the success of Manchester's nearby Canal Street, and The Lanes in Brighton.
The ‘Piccadilly Boulevard' is described as a way to ‘overcome the present division between the city centre and the areas to the east'. The draft document includes images of the Chapultepec park in Mexico City, a typical Ukranian boulevard in Kiev, and even Paris's Champs-Elysees, as inspiration.
The report says the new park to the east of the station ‘would make an ideal location for a signature cultural building or a great venue for large public gatherings.
The document contains a simple sketch of a park, but includes images from San Francisco, Lisbon and Milan as inspiration ideas.
The sections of the document on the HS2 terminal itself include images of London's St Pancras International station and Beijing South station in China.
Egyptian TV host Ahmed Moussa was ridiculed by social media users after he proudly aired on his controversial show “Ala Masouliyiti (At my own risk)” footage of what he explained to be Russia's airstrikes on Syria. The video has later been identified as a scene from a 2010 video game release “Apache: Air Assault”. As the video played, Moussa enthusiastically commented on how the Russian missiles were very precise, wiping out everything that moved, and by that he meant ISIS fighters. He continued on praising the Russians' strength, intelligence, and effectiveness in fighting terror showing no mercy during the combat. In addition to his praise to Russia's “courageous” war on ISIS, Moussa urged the world to support Russia.
Moussa and his production team failed to research the source of the footage, which was originally uploaded on Youtube back in December 2010. “Apache: Air Assault” is a video game produced by Activision where the player can take part in a combat that prevents war and terror attacks that causes destruction. The voice over in the game is in English, not Russian, another detail missed by the TV show's team.
Moussa is known for his critical and disapproving standpoint regarding the American intervention in the Middle East. He also believes that the Egyptian revolution that took place in January 25, 2011 was part of an American conspiracy against former president Mubarak's government.
A day after the scandalous episode, Moussa commented: “It is very normal to fall into such mistakes as media professionals, and I challenge any production professional to discover how this mistake occurred. This mistake showed me my enemies from my friends, and no one is without flaws.”
Although the show's name means "at my own risk/responsibility", none of the team members took responisbilty for the mistake as the director Yousef Sherbatli blamed the editor-in-chief Mohamed Dunia. Dunia from his part blamed Youtube's misleading title of the video, which stated it was Russia's airstrike on Syria.
Related articles:
US drops ammunition to rebels fighting ISIL in Syria
France's Syria strikes 'may have killed French jihadists'
Lebanon's Hezbollah buries commander killed in Syria
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — A restaurant in downtown St. Petersburg is taking it upon itself to make sure guests feel safe when meeting new people on dates.
The Tampa Bay Times reports that Iberian Rooster, a Portuguese fusion eatery, has placed a framed sign in the women's restroom. If a woman feels unsafe and needs help, the sign encourages them to order an angel shot at the bar or through their server at their table. That code will alert staff someone is in need.
The restaurant owner says if a guest orders an angel shot neat, a bartender will escort them to their car. If they order it with ice, the bartender will call an Uber or a Taxi. Order it with lime, and the restaurant staff will call the police.
i saw this in a toilet and thought it was important and should be a thing everywhere not just lincolnshire !!!! pic.twitter.com/oO45I7gaJL — strawberry girl (@iizzzzzi) October 18, 2016
every restaurant needs to have this in the women's restroom pic.twitter.com/vvsE6NLWqK — stephanie duran (@ItsSteephh) January 9, 2017
Copyright 2016 WCNC
Interest in Rare Earths is starting to heat up in a dramatic fashion, and it something you should keep on your radar. So named because they were hard to get in the 18th and 19th century, these once obscure elements have suddenly become the focus of several converging trends in the global economy, as they are the key ingredient of magnets. There are 17 in all, divided into light (cerium, Ce, lanthanum, La, and neodymium, Nd) and heavy (dysprosium, Dy, terbium, Tb, and europium, Eu).
It turns out that you can't build a hybrid or electric car, a wind turbine, thin film solar, LED's, high performance batteries, or a cell phone without these elements. One Prius uses 25 kilograms of the stuff. You also can't fight a modern war without rare earths, being essential for radar, missile guidance systems, navigation, and night vision goggles.
That's where things get interesting. China now produces 97% of the world's rare earth supplies, much of it coming from small mines operating by criminal gangs where it is safe to say, concerns about environmental considerations are nil. Last year China announced that it may start restricting rare earth exports, possibly banning several, it is thought, in order to force foreigners to buy more of their downstream electronic products. Such a ban could begin as early as 2012.
The world market for rare earths is tiny now, amounting to only $1.4 billion a year. But Toyota intends on doubling its production of Prius's from one million to 2 million units in the near future, while China and South Korea want to boost their combined electric and hybrid production by 1 million units by the end of next year. Demand for wind turbines is going off the charts, thanks to massive government subsidies in Europe and the US.
America was once the world's largest producer of these elements, until it was undercut on prices by China (see chart below), and all US production ceased. The threatened Chinese export ban has prompted a group of investors to reopen Molycorp's Mountain Pass California mine, a jackrabbit ridden, rattlesnake infested pit an hour southwest of Las Vegas. The mine was the world's largest producer of cerium and neodymium, and provided the europium that was used to produce the first color televisions. The group has filed with the SEC for an IPO that seeks to raise $500 million to reopen the mine and a nearby refinery.
Now congress wants to get involved, proposing a rare earths strategic stockpile for the military, and offering subsidized loans to fund it. Remember what that did for oil? Every peak in oil prices in the last 30 years coincided with the government topping up its strategic petroleum reserve.
Rare earth prices have already started to move, with cerium doubling to $4/pound since 2007, and neodymium up 500% to $23/pound during the same period. Rare earths don't have any futures or ETF's to trade that I know of, so the only way to get involved is through the miners themselves, which involves an added element of risk. Take a look at the established players, which include Avalon Rare Metals (AVARF.PK), Great Western Minerals Group (GWMGF.PK), Rare Earth Metals (RAREF.PK), Lynas Corp (LYSCF), and Molycorp, after it goes public.
To see the data, charts, and graphs that support this research piece, as well as more iconoclastic and out-of-consensus analysis, please visit me at www.madhedgefundtrader.com . There, you will find the conventional wisdom mercilessly flailed and tortured daily, and my last two years of research reports available for free. You can also listen to me on Hedge Fund Radio by clicking on the “Today's Radio Show” menu tab on the left on my home page.
Mozilla has extended its search partnership with Google for at least three additional years, the company has announced.
Under the terms of the agreement, Google will continue to be the default search provider for Mozilla's web browser, Firefox.
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The Google Search deal has been a key source of income for Mozilla, generating 84% of Mozilla's $121.1 million revenue in 2010.
The original deal between Mozilla and Google expired in November 2011, and in October Mozilla launched Firefox with Bing, sparking speculation that it might switch to Bing as its search provider.
The new multi-year arrangement with Google squashes such rumors and shows that the rivalry between Firefox and Google's web browser Chrome wasn't enough of a hurdle for the two companies to strike a deal again.
Late update: Harvard spokesman John Longbrake called to emphasize that the university had conducted thorough investigations of all allegations about Harvard Management Company and point out the 13.8% annualized returns HMC delivered in the ten years that ended June 2008. In a separate development, we learned that Mack was scheduled to be the subject of a February 23 Newsweek story by Michael Hirsh that had been subsequently shelved. Hirsh declined to comment.
A former quantitative analyst at Harvard Management Company, the university's once-vaunted endowment manager, tells the Harvard Crimson she was fired for voicing concern to then-university president Larry Summers' chief of staff about the money manager's risky use of derivatives the traders didn't understand.
The episode dates back to 2002, when analyst Iris Mack, whose website identifies her as the second African American woman to earn a Harvard PhD. in applied math (and someone who likes primary colors) joined the much-venerated Harvard Management Company, which invests the university's then $18 billion endowment, to find what she termed a “frightening” state of affairs.
“The group I was working for had no background whatsoever to be working on [derivatives],” Mack says, adding that, to her knowledge, several of her colleagues were not licensed securities traders. “Sometimes the ways they handled even basic Black-Scholes models [widely used to price stock options] were puzzling.”
So Mack took inventory of the abuses — high employee turnover, lax risk management practices and a “low level of productivity in the workplace” were among others, and detailed them in an email to Marne Levine, Summers' chief of staff and a Treasury staffer on the Obama Transition Team. (Summers was the only person to whom Meyers reported, and according to a recent Forbes story he personally ordered the university's biggest derivatives trade, a purchase of interest rate swaps that cost the university billions this year.)
A month after sending her email, Mack was fired after a meeting in which the endowment fund's then-chief furnished her the emails and castigated her for making “baseless accusations.” She later sued for wrongful termination and settled out-of-court with the university. But she claims the practices “shocked” her, and — the punchline is — she had joined the company from Enron.Which is also to say, lest you dismiss Mack as an opportunistic snitch capitalizing on Summers fateful opposition to regulating the derivatives that wreaked havoc on the financial system, she had a pretty valid reason to believe in the importance of whistleblowing.
“I'm not trying to pretend I'm omniscient or anything, but a lot of people who were quantitative traders, in the back of our minds, we knew a lot of these models were just that: guestimates,” Mack says. “I have mixed feelings, on the one hand, I wasn't crazy, I knew what I was talking about. But maybe if more and more people had spoken up, the economy wouldn't be the way it is now.”
Mack is doing her part to affect change: she's a vociferous advocate of better math education for minorities and like FDIC chairman Sheila Bair, the writer of a children's book. It's called Mama Says Money Don't Grow On Trees (sequel idea: *…Unless You Are A Monstrously Overleveraged Bank With Access To The Federal Reserve Discount Window!).
If Mack's allegations are true Harvard certainly paid the price for its recklessness: Summers' swaps sowed the seeds for a financial disaster at HMC:
It doesn't feel good to be borrowing at 6% while holding assets with negative returns. Harvard has oversize positions in emerging market stocks and private equity partnerships, both disaster areas in the past eight months. The one category that has done well since last June is conventional Treasury bonds, and Harvard appears to have owned little of these. As of its last public disclosure on this score, it had a modest 16% allocation to fixed income, consisting of 7% in inflation-indexed bonds, 4% in corporates and the rest in high-yield and foreign debt. For a long while Harvard's daring investment style was the envy of the endowment world. It made light bets in plain old stocks and bonds and went hell-for-leather into exotic and illiquid holdings: commodities, timberland, hedge funds, emerging market equities and private equity partnerships. The risky strategy paid off with market-beating results as long as the market was going up. But risk brings pain in a market crash. Although the full extent of the damage won't be known until Harvard releases the endowment numbers for June 30, 2009, the university is already working on the assumption that the portfolio will be down 30%, or $11 billion.
Mack's boss at HMC, Jack Meyer, parted ways with the university in 2005. His bets were still paying off but his relationship with Summers had reportedly cooled — among other things, over alumni outcry led by the university's Class of 1969 over the hedge fund-sized bonuses being awarded to employees of a supposed nonprofit. But if there's anything we've learned from the past year, gratuitous compensation and gratuitous risk go hand-in-hand.
Dyson Heydon delays decision on future as trade union royal commissioner
Updated
Trade union royal commissioner Dyson Heydon has delayed his decision about whether to stand down from the position.
Unions have applied to Justice Heydon to remove himself from the Royal Commission into Trade Union Governance and Corruption amid allegations of bias and a conflict of interest.
Justice Heydon initially said he would deliver his decision on Tuesday, but on Monday afternoon he released a statement saying he was still considering the ruling and would announce the timing in due course.
"Mr Heydon is still considering his ruling, which will now not be delivered on that date," the statement said.
"The royal commission will make a further statement on the timing of Commissioner Heydon's decision in due course."
The commission has also postponed a public hearing involving the CFMEU NSW Branch that was scheduled to take place on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott is continuing to back Justice Heydon to stay in his position.
Mr Abbott said Justice Heydon was a man of utmost integrity and he was carefully considering submissions.
"I can't imagine that it's going to be delayed too long because these are things which are inherently decided, best decided quickly," he said.
Justice Heydon has been under pressure since it was revealed he had accepted an invitation to speak at a Liberal Party fundraiser in Sydney this month.
The former High Court judge withdrew from the event but acknowledged he had overlooked its political links.
The submissions heard on Friday addressed the issue of "apprehended bias" — what the average person might think after the commissioner's acceptance of the invitation to speak at the Liberal Party event.
A written submission lodged on behalf of the Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU), Unions NSW and four unions said Justice Heydon should recuse himself and resign his commission "on the grounds that he is unable to afford any union or any person associated with any union procedural fairness as a result of his apprehended bias".
The submission described the royal commission as "politically charged", and said a fair-minded observer could reasonably believe the commissioner might not bring an impartial mind to the issues before the commission.
Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, who was himself called to appear before the commission, said he would not block moves to appoint a replacement if Justice Heydon did rule himself out.
In a statement released on Monday, the ACTU called on the royal commission to be shut down, calling it a "political witch hunt".
Topics: royal-commissions, unions, government-and-politics, sydney-2000, australia
First posted
Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne has defended the $3 million spent discussing where the original Treaty of Waitangi documents should be displayed.
The Government announced four years ago it was moving the country's founding document from its current home in the National Archive to a new space in the National Library just 200 metres up the road.
Photo: RNZ / Alexander Robertson
The move was due to have been completed last year, but is still in the conceptual design phase.
Opposition MPs are unimpressed.
The Government's plan is for a new, bigger exhibition space at the National Library, catering for more visitors.
It also includes moving the 1835 Declaration of Independence and the 1893 Women's Suffrage Petition.
Mr Dunne said the documents were worth preserving, and getting the exhibition right was not a waste of taxpayer money.
"It's not just some documents. It's the Treaty of Waitangi. It's the 1835 declaration. It's some documents that are critical to the history of New Zealand."
"If you look at how the Magna Carta is stored in Britain, the declaration of Independence of the United States. This is in that realm and deserves to be treated seriously," he said.
But New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said it was outrageous Internal Affairs had spent four years and $3 million doing effectively nothing.
"If it's to be moved, it surely would take far less time and money than that," he said.
Mr Peters said Internal Affairs should have consulted other countries that have moved important documents like the Treaty ones.
"Why not ring them up, or email them, or find out what they did and borrow the technology that they used, and do it for about a tenth of the price."
Department of Internal Affairs Deputy Chief Executive of Information Knowledge Services Peter Murray said the delay was due to the project going beyond its scope.
"The project thought it could be enhanced by having a wider range of documents included."
He said they realised last year they were not going to meet the deadline, or the $6 million budget, and that they'd have to write off at least $2 million of the money that had been spent.
"From an accounting sense, but we have got value out of that. We know what we don't want to do again."
Mr Murray said the project had been refocused and construction of the exhibition will be going out for pricing in the very near future.
Photo: RNZ / Alexander Robertson
ACT leader David Seymour spoke out about their efforts.
"You know, I don't know about competent they've been. It sounds like they could have been more efficient."
Mr Dunne said the documents would be stored in a way that would make them accessible to New Zealanders for the next 200 or 300 years.
The exhibition in the National Library is now expected to open in 2017.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
An Australian TV host lashed out at politicians live on air, after the government opted to block a free vote in Parliament on equal marriage.
This week, Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal Party vowed to keep on blocking attempts to hold a Parliamentary vote on the issue, despite a majority of MPs supporting equal marriage.
In order to appease anti-LGBT conservatives, Turnbull vowed to block progress and instead take the issue to the Australian public for a non-binding postal vote.
The planned postal ballot is already estimated to cost as much as $122 million.
The buck-passing fudge of a deal was clearly too much for Australian TV host Karl Stefanovic, who hit out at the decision on The Today Show.
He said: “A non-binding, non-compulsory postal vote is complete BS.
“In my opinion there have been far too many column inches, far too much airtime, far too much taxpayer time and money wasted on an issue I believe should be decided in the parliament.
“Why do we elect officials if not to make decisions that reflect our beliefs?
“Let's get on with it… pull your fingers out in Canberra and get on with it!
“Let's look at this simply, confidently and compassionately. Why are we stopping people from loving each other? In a world where we should be celebrating love over hate, this decision is a no-brainer.
“Two people who want to share their lives together, love the big events as a union, and the small moments of life.”
He added: “Why do any of us have a right to stand in the way? This is more about the fear and naivety of non-gay people than anything to do with a problem with gay marriage.
“In the nation's capital, it has become a political football. It is less about the real issue and all about the chest-beating and posturing in politics. Politicians have real issues to deal with, so I implore them to do it.
“Vote in Parliament and say yes to gay marriage, and let's live happily ever after.”
We couldn't have said it better ourselves.
Stefanovic won praise last year after his in-depth apology after an inadvertently offensive joke about trans people.
The host said: ” I was an ignorant tool. And when I say ‘ignorant', I truly mean it.
“I often laugh at things I shouldn't and sometimes say them – but yesterday I got it very wrong.”
“People have told me to educate myself, and I've started to, and I encourage all you at home to do the same. It would be a great if everyone took a leaf out of the LGBTQI community's book and is open to talking about why they feel a certain way.”
Related: Gay comedian drags Australian Prime Minister over equal marriage during live TV interview
The extension of Tacoma Link to the Hilltop neighborhood is nearing the start of construction, slated for next year, and Sound Transit has recently finalized several key details, including an order for new light rail vehicles, the permanent names for the stations, and the final design of the stations after public feedback.
Vehicles
On Thursday, Sound Transit Board approved an order of five light rail vehicles from Brookville, a Pennsylvania-based manufacturer, and an unfunded option for five additional vehicles. The vehicles, which will likely resemble the Liberty series streetcars that Brookville built for Dallas and Detroit, are expected to cost $26.5 million and be delivered between 2020 and 2021. The new vehicles are needed to increase frequency from twelve minutes to ten minutes during peak periods, supplementing the current fleet of three vehicles.
Station Names
During the same board meeting, Sound Transit also signed off on names for the seven new stations, along with the renaming of an existing one, in accordance with community wishes and agency guidelines.
Temporary Name Adopted Name Commerce Street (opened in 2011) Theater District (relocated) Old City Hall S. 4th St. & Stadium Way S. 4th Stadium District S. 3rd St. & MLK Jr. Way Tacoma General 6th Ave. & MLK Jr. Way 6th Avenue S 11th St. & MLK Jr. Way Hilltop District S 18th St. & MLK Jr. Way St. Joseph
While the names aren't as bad as Shoreline's two stations on Lynnwood Link, the inconsistency between “S. 4th” and “6th Avenue” is going to bug people for decades. The current Commerce Street station, one of two stations on the street, will also be renamed to “Theater District” despite being slightly further from the eponymous theaters than the relocated Old City Hall station.
Station Designs
Earlier in the month, Sound Transit wrapped up its final design open house and showed off its concepts for each of the new stations. The stations will be nearly identical to the existing Tacoma Link stations, and are comparable to Seattle's streetcar stations with center-street platforms and curbside parking.
Unfortunately Neon Sanctum has failed to reach it's funding goal, but we are heartened by the huge number of backers and the large amount we managed to raise. We will take some time, ask our backers for feedback and look to come back stronger. The project has proven to us that we have a fantastic game, that people love.
To our backers, we will be in touch asking for feedback and investigating ways in which we can involve you with the ongoing evolution of Neon Sanctum.
Please stay in touch!
Neon Sanctum is a card based RPG set in a unique world where the post apocalypse and cyberpunk collide. This world takes inspiration from films such as Blade Runner, Dredd and Ghost in the Shell as well as games such as videogames such as Shadowrun Returns and The Last of Us.
Cards are used to represent all the things players would expect in a traditional roleplaying game (RPG). A character's skills, their cybernetic implants, their equipment and even the enemies they meet are all brought to life with beautiful cards.
The game uses a fixed deck distribution model where the players receive all the cards they need to play the game. There is no random element, but the game is modular so new cards can be released as fixed sets and slot into your game easily.
The game has been available in playtest form since July of 2014 and we know that over 500 people have downloaded and tried the game. We have also visited conventions and received feedback from all over the world.
Core Ideas
Simple Rules - The basic mechanic in the game is just 2D10 vs a target number set by the DM. Playing cards (or not) adds a modifier to these rolls.
The basic mechanic in the game is just set by the DM. Playing cards (or not) adds a modifier to these rolls. Flexible - The simple mechanics are flexible, allowing players to try outrageous moves and the DM to let them do it. Having a deck of NPC's at hand enables the DM to respond quickly when players take the story somewhere unexpected.
The simple mechanics are flexible, allowing players to try and the DM to let them do it. Having a deck of NPC's at hand enables the DM to respond quickly when players take the story somewhere unexpected. Resource Management - An important mechanic of the game involves the player placing skill cards into cooldown at certain times. This adds an extra level of strategy as characters have to choose if it's the best time to use a card.
- An important mechanic of the game involves the player placing skill cards into cooldown at certain times. This adds an as characters have to choose if it's the best time to use a card. Accessible - The use of cards makes the game really easy to grasp for new players. Anyone can look at a set of cards and understand them just bythe artwork and names.
The use of cards makes the game really for new players. Anyone can look at a set of cards and understand them just bythe artwork and names. Depth - While the game is easy to learn, veteran players can dig deeper crafting devastating combos .
While the game is easy to learn, veteran players can dig deeper . Beautiful - Putting the artwork on the cards means that the world of Neon Sanctum is at your fingertips, not stuck in a book.
Putting the artwork on the cards means that the world of Neon Sanctum is at your fingertips, not stuck in a book. Get it all - The core box set provides players with all the cards they need. The game does not use any kind of randomised boosters, the core box, player, item and NPC decks all contain a fixed set of cards.
Downloaded over 1,000 times. Thanks to our playtesters!
Play with your friends or with people from all over the world!
Reviews
Melvin Smiff - "[...] a fast paced, fun tactical card based RPG that offers players and GM's a ton of versatility in playstyle and world lore. My favorite Card Based RPG to date"
Geekly Inc - "The mechanics are fresh, exciting, and intuitive.[...] Neon Sanctum stands out as excellent."
RPGAlchemy - "Overall, I found the game to be unique and enjoyable. The game mechanics are crunchy enough to satisfy the mechanical gamer in me, but light enough to where it didn't take too long for me to figure out the basic concepts for the rule set. "
Mad Adventurers - "Is it fun? Yes, for definite. Five thumbs up across the table. [...] It's quick to play, simple to learn, and once you've gotten the hang of it, it is easy to get a fast pick-up game going at work, at home or between campaigns. It's definitely been a hit with my group."
The fallout from the war between humans and the A.I. was devastating, but from the rubble rose the slums and skyscrapers of Neon City. A metropolitan marvel that echoes the human cities of old, while surrounded by the beasts, mutants and bandits of the overgrown wastes. Without a government to control the people, corporations stepped in to claim power. In Neon City you either sign a corporate contract, join a gang, or you're on your own.
In Neon Sanctum you take on the role of a citizen of this reset world. Hackers control the city around them like wizards, taking control of drones, alarms and CCTV cameras; adventurers probe the ruins of the old world for high-tech artefacts, while CEOs commanding armies of corporate slaves wield real power and decide the fate of millions.
Neon Sanctum provides DMs with the choice of setting the game in a cyberpunk metropolis or danger infested wastelands. Both areas offer exciting yet different themes and gaming styles. Will you run your players through the mutant and bandit-infested old world ruins, or deal with the much more deadly intrigue offered by corporate politics?
In Neon Sanctum characters are represented by a hand of cards rather than a character sheet. Cards are used to represent everything in the game; race, skills, items and monsters each have their own cards, with beautiful art and easy to understand rules.
When resolving actions the system uses a simple 2D10 plus modifier system. The cards the player decides to play influence the modifiers on the dice rolls. For a more in depth look at the game check out the videos below.
How to play tutorial videos:
Combat tutorial videos:
Combat gameplay demo (some profanity):
Skill Cards - Click to see more!
Item Cards - Click to see more!
NPC Cards - Click to see more!
Mutant(left) and cybernetics Cards - Click to see more!
As part of the kickstarter we are offering free shipping to both the UK and US. Unfortunately due to the weight and size of the game we are unable to provide free worldwide shipping. However, this does not mean that other nations lose out, as the same amount of money we are putting towards US and UK shipping will be deducted from ALL shipping. You will find out the cost for shipping to your individual location when you pledge. If you discover that the price for your location has not been set please get in touch and we will remedy the situation immediately.
Core box Level price examples:
UK and US - Free
Western EU - £3
Rest of the world - £8
Also, the shipping will be both US and EU friendly so that our backers don't have to pay any import taxes.
Isn't that the best headline ever? But this really happened, a chocolate cartel exists, and now you can imagine Breaking Bad with chocolate. After a five-year investigation, Canadian officials have charged Nestle Canada and Mars Canada with conspiring to fix the price of chocolate with their competitors, a serious offense that could result in millions of dollars' worth of fines or imprisonment. But they would have gotten away with their little “chocolate cartel” if it weren't for that punkass Hershey, who pled guilty and will get a lenient sentence for snitching on its cho-bros.
NBC News reports that the Canadian Competition Bureau first learned of the price-fixing activities through a program that promises legal immunity to parties which first disclose these types of cartel-like activities. Mars and Nestle denied the accusations and went all, “Nuh uh, I ain't know nothin' about no allegations of ‘conspiracy to fix the price of chocolate confectionery products in Canada,' ese.” But in a statement, the makers of the Hershey Kiss acknowledged that they'd cooperated with the authorities ever since receiving messages in 2007 outlining the chocolate plot.
You know who was also betrayed by a Kiss? Jesus.
[NBC News via Jezebel]
RELATED STORIES
Anthony Bourdain Takes Parts Unknown On His Quest For Ethical Chocolate
Italian Prisoners Serve As Paid Chocolatiers
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
David A. Andelman, member of the board of contributors of USA Today, is the author of "A Shattered Peace: Versailles 1919 and the Price We Pay Today." He formerly was a foreign correspondent for The New York Times and CBS News. Follow him on Twitter @DavidAndelman .
(CNN) President Donald Trump has taken a wrecking ball to generations of carefully constructed American friendships and alliances while quietly providing new aid and comfort to Vladimir Putin's Russia during his brief flight of fancy across Europe.
Already, his bags barely unpacked from his overseas trip, across Europe, a host of new declarations and scenarios are playing out that will do little good for the United States and its most profound interests.
On Sunday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who'd sat tight-lipped last week as Trump trashed a whole list of priorities that she and her European counterparts hold so dear, quickly struck back. Europe, she said, can no longer count on the United States under Trump and must "really take our fate into our own hands.
"The times in which we could rely fully on others -- they are somewhat over," Merkel told a campaign rally in Munich. "This is what I experienced in the last few days." And she's not the only one sharing such a perspective among the G7 industrial countries and the entire European Union, all of whom had a firsthand dose of Trump hubris.
France's new President, Emmanuel Macron, explained his hand-wrestling encounter with Trump at the European summit to Journal du Dimanche. Macron wanted to get across that he would not be giving in on issues large or small. "It's not the alpha and the omega of politics, but a moment of truth," he told France's leading Sunday newspaper.
Indeed, on Monday, barely two days after Trump returned home, Macron was already welcoming Putin to Versailles, the Russian leader apparently quite eager to strengthen economic ties with a Western Europe that recognizes it may need to chart new territory on its own.
While the depths of this damage may not be immediately apparent, it is no less profound.
Since the United States launched the Marshall Plan in 1948, picking up Europe after World War II, both sides of the Atlantic have cared deeply about the welfare of the other without holding either hostage.
And indeed, the White House succeeded in minimizing some negative reporting this time by keeping the President carefully quarantined from the press at every stop. Moreover, Trump himself, at least in most of his public appearances, stuck largely to carefully telepromptered messages, though neutering even his more generous remarks by some of his off-prompter gestures.
Perhaps no single image was as powerful as the much-played shot of an arrogant and aggressive Trump shoving aside Dusko Markovic , the white-haired, socialist Prime Minister of Montenegro, celebrating his nation's first trip to a NATO summit. For 11 years, the tiny former Yugoslav democracy has sought membership in NATO -- and this was the welcoming gesture from the alliance's most powerful member.
JUST WATCHED Did Trump push Montenegro leader aside? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Did Trump push Montenegro leader aside? 00:53
The Montenegrin later graciously dismissed the action : "This was an inoffensive situation," Markovic said, "it is natural for the President of the United States to be in the first row."
Indeed, Montenegro's presence as NATO's 29th member, would appear to illustrate the point Trump was trying to make in his formal address to the heads of the alliance's members. The impoverished Balkan state commits barely 1.3% of its gross domestic product to its military budget -- a far cry from the 2% or more that Trump is demanding be coughed up by each nation, and which sounded to many like a protection racket.
You can count on our upholding our agreement under the alliance's Article 5 that an attack on one is an attack on all, only if you pay up, Trump was effectively saying.
Actually, the last and indeed only time that Article 5 has been formally invoked was after 9/11 when the alliance came to the aid of the United States and joined American forces in a military incursion in Afghanistan where it still maintains a presence years and hundreds of NATO member casualties later.
But this equally illustrates the central message that Trump utterly failed to appreciate in reiterating his 2% argument. There is more than one way to be a friend, or an ally. For the formal induction of Montenegro into NATO's ranks at a June 5 ceremony will mean the alliance now controls the entire strategic Adriatic coast of the Mediterranean, where Russia is struggling to maintain a final toehold from its sprawling air and naval facility in Bashar al-Assad's Syria.
Trump appears to have grasped none of these subtleties, his week going steadily downhill as he worked his way from a friendly reception in the Middle East to a borderline disaster in Western Europe.
While Trump may have trotted out massive arms deals with the Saudis, apparently lost on his speechwriters and political choreographers was the reality that many of these arms deals -- totaling more than $350 billion over 10 years -- were actually negotiated under his predecessor.
Moreover, only a handful were any more than vague promises from a kingdom that has lately gone from Croesan riches to worries about its ability to make good on vast commitments even to its own people as oil has plummeted below $50 a barrel
What Trump failed to realize is that Western Europe is a far older, deeper-pocketed and reliable consumer of American weaponry and munitions than Sunni nations over whom we have little or no control the moment the ink is dried on these cut-rate contracts.
Moreover, with a federal appeals court ramming another stake through the heart of the President's immigration proposal, he also failed to appreciate that these same European allies he was taking to the fiscal woodshed may turn out to be our last line of defense against the terrorists posing as refugees who are apparently Trump's biggest boogeyman.
Indeed, the German press went wild when, with Merkel sitting mutely, her lips pursed, Trump took off in Brussels against Germany. "The Germans are bad, very bad," leading German newsweekly Der Spiegel quoted him as saying behind closed doors.
Trump counselor Gary Cohn tried to clarify that "he said they're very bad on trade, but he doesn't have a problem with Germany. He said his dad is from Germany." Which only illustrates a further point, as Der Spiegel went on to quote Trump as saying, "See the millions of cars they are selling to the US. Terrible. We will stop this."
Two problems: First, many of these German cars are actually produced in these companies' US manufacturing facilities that employ tens of thousands of American workers. But of greater importance is the reality that Germany and its trading system are part of the EU with a common tariff and economic policy. If Trump tries to tear up that trade pact with the EU and start over, there will be a cataclysmic economic collapse on both sides of the Atlantic.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
And in the final slap at America's allies and friends, Trump was the only G7 leader not to sign a reaffirmation of the Paris climate accords. "I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!" he tweeted archly before heading off for a final "America First" speech to US military forces assembled at the NATO base at Sigonella, then boarding Air Force One.
Pin 48 37K Shares
The Cat Boat is one of Amsterdam's most peculiar and odd attractions. It's basically a sanctuary for cats, but what makes it special is that the rescued cats all live aboard a quaint little houseboat which bobs along the Herengracht canal. Although it wasn't intended initially to be a tourist attraction, Cat Boat regularly receives about 4,500 visitors a year, most of whom are tourists who just so happen to be missing their own cats while on vacation!
The origins of the Cat Boat can be traced back to the year 1966, when a kind woman named Henriette van Weelde took pity on a stray feline and her kittens and allowed them to stay at her own home. Henriette soon became well known in the neighborhood for her kindnesses; people would regularly drop off rescued cats at her doorstep and she would never turn one away.
This went on for just about two years, after which Henriette simply didn't have enough room to house more cats. So she came up with a great solution – she put them all on an unused houseboat on the nearby Herengracht canal. The feline sanctuary was something of a ‘pirate' ship for just about two decades, operating without the knowledge of the authorities. But in 1987, it finally obtained a permit and was officially christened ‘de Poezenboot' (the Cat Boat).
The rescue boat served as a safe haven for stray and feral cats in Amsterdam for decades, with Henriette caring them until her death in 2005. It is now run with the help of a very small staff and just a few local volunteers. On any given day, you can find around 50 cats “hanging out” around the ‘world's only floating cat hospital', of which at least 14 of the cats are permanent residents. The others may be adopted.
“Most of our permanent residents started out as feral cats who by now can never be fully socialised,” explained Judith Gobets, a staff member on Cat Boat. “They will never be ‘normal' cats and will always distrust people. Some you can pet, but don't try to pick them up.” To help visitors identify the cats they need to stay away from, they have drawings of the ‘dangerous' ones posted all over the boat. “Of course they are not really dangerous,” Judith adds. “You just have to leave them alone. People always like to cuddle a cat, but often that's not what the cat wants.”
Each and every new cat is quarantined in cages for a small period of time, during which they are neutered and of course, implanted with microchips. This is an attempt to ultimately minimize the feral cat population, and prevent any adopted cats from running away or being abandoned.
Later, the ‘adoptable' cats are then allowed to roam freely on the boat – they're perfectly friendly and adorable, but it isn't very easy to actually just take one of them home.
“We are very picky about adoptions,” Judith said. “I really have to have the feeling that the match is perfect. Otherwise the chance is too big that the re-homing will fail. Potential new owners and the staff have to sleep on it for a night before we finally say yes.”
“We are very strict with the placement of cats,” added volunteer Sandra, speaking to Vice Magazine. “We don't want them to return to us, so we ask potential new owners a lot of questions about the home situation and their experience with cats. If someone things a cat is only fun and nice to cuddle and play with, we tell them it takes a lot more to take care of a cat.”
While they're waiting to be adopted, the cats do have plenty of things to do to keep themselves amused. For instance, the families of ducks, swans and gulls that paddle by on the canal.
“Some of our cats like to peer through the fence at the ducks, dreaming of ways to pounce,” Judith revealed. “Cats of course, like to hunt.”
“The ducks and swans like the cat food and swim next to the boat begging for some food,” Sarah said. “You would not see cats and ducks this close to each other normally. [They are] separated by a fence, of course.”
A boat full of cats must have a CAT-ptain, of course, and according to Sarah, that title belongs to one of the male cats named Koeienkat (cowcat).
“He is a dominant male and needs to be fed first or separately, otherwise others wouldn't get any food! He mostly sits next to the door where the visitors come in and looks like he would like to be petted. But that's only appearance, he will scratch when they try to do that. He is well known and loved in spite of – or maybe because of – his character.”
Visiting the Cat Boat is free of charge, but most tourists do tend to make generous donations when they come to know that it does not receive government support. Cat lovers from across the world also make online donations to help support this boat's permanent residents.
“About 10 years ago we did apply for funding, but they turned us down,” Judith said. “From that moment on we've gone our own way. We are supported entirely by donations. And we do like the feeling of being independent. No strings attached.”
Source
Over the course of his first three seasons in the NHL, Philadelphia Flyers forward Sean Couturier displayed a defensive, shut-down presence that is atypical of young centers. As a result, he's been touted as a future Selke Trophy candidate as the League's top defensive forward.
General manager Ron Hextall is a big fan of what Couturier does on the defensive side of the puck, telling CSN Philly, "[I] love what he does, the unselfishness, the team first, loving the challenge of playing against the other team's top line. That's awesome stuff."
At the same time, Hextall acknowledges Couturier needs to be more assertive with the puck in order to become a truly elite, two-way player:
Typically, a young player learns the defensive part after the offensive part. [Couturier] in juniors was equally good on offense as defense, but up here, obviously, his defensive game is ahead of his offensive game. There's another level. A couple of levels for Coots and you're damn right, we expect it. He needs to push harder north. It's a little bit of a mentality, a little bit of an attitude, but there's going to be expectations placed on him that haven't been [there] up to this point. He's a young player and rightfully so, there has not been expectations from him to produce at a high level, but he's been in the league long enough now where he needs to push the bar, offensively.
Couturier averaged 96 points in two seasons with the QMJHL's Drummondville Voltigeurs prior to being drafted eighth overall by the Flyers in 2011; in three seasons with the Flyers, however, he averaged only 27 points, registering a career-high 13 goals and 26 assists this past season.
As a point of comparison, 2014 Selke winner Patrice Bergeron scored 30 goals and added 32 assists while locking things down in the Boston Bruins' end this past season.
Clearly Hextall believes the sky is the limit for Couturier, and is surely hoping he develops in the mold of Bergeron, Jonathan Toews and Anze Kopitar, all of whom were finalists for the Selke this past season and have raised the Stanley Cup in recent years.
Just as most women have experienced harassment in their day-to-day lives, so too have most women who attend pop culture conventions, especially those who go in costume.
Bum-pinching, "upskirt" photos, being groped by a "FREE HUGS" guy, being leered at and breathed on: for many years, gross behaviour from fellow con attendees was just shrugged off as an occupational hazard for cosplayers.
Cosplayers can often be the victims of unwanted attention when attending conventions. Photo: Ollie Millington
I attended my first Australian convention back in 2008, dressed as Silk Spectre I from Watchmen, and my first American con in 2010, dressed as Jessica Rabbit.
Both costumes could generously be described as "abbreviated", and both attracted some, shall we say, unsavoury attention. When it came to doing something (anything) about reported harassment, event organisers and volunteers were often about as helpful as a sun-roof on an X-Wing, and like many other female cosplayers, there seemed to be an implication that my cosplaying was, in effect, inviting unwanted attention.
(The fact that said unwanted attention didn't cease when a few years later I was wrapped in a long-sleeve, long-legged, drab green jumpsuit as Ripley from Alien was seemingly immaterial to these great wits.)
Advertisement
In the intervening years, however, the notion that conventions should be safer spaces – and that, as the catch-cry among cosplayers goes, "cosplay is not consent" – has become widespread.
Increasingly, major pop culture conventions have instigated stricter rules surrounding harassment, training volunteers to better handle complaints, and some conventions have gone so far as to ban "booth babes", the scantily dressed models often employed to promote certain brands and products on the con floor.
Both conventions are run by reedPOP, a global exhibition company that also runs major events such as New York Comic Con (where the "Cosplay Is Not Consent" policy began) and Star Wars Celebration.
The link between booth babe policies and harassment policies is generally thought to be that the presence of sexy (and predominantly female) models plugging games and other properties fosters an atmosphere where women are considered little more than decoration, and this filters through to the way certain convention attendees interact with female fans and cosplayers.
As a few years ago I began cosplaying (or "crossplaying") almost exclusively as male characters, my experience of this brave new era in safer fandom has been perhaps a little muted, but the mood at PAX and Oz Comic Con this year seemed to have shifted for the better, so I asked some prominent female cosplayers for their experiences.
Henchwench , a Sydney-based cosplayer and costume designer, has been attending local cons for years, with the psychic battle scars to show for it.
"Sadly, I've had too many negative experiences at conventions to count," she says. "Thankfully, that number has really dropped off this year, so hopefully that means things are on the mend in the Australian convention scene. These days, I feel much safer inside a convention than outside on the streets, and I think that's a good indicator that things are absolutely improving."
The "convention as safe space" is something familiar to Elizabeth DeLoria , a Melbourne cosplayer and games writer, who has also experienced the dangers of commuting while cosplaying. "Last year PAX was held during cup week, and a lot of cosplayers were verbally – and in one case I know of, physically – assaulted by race punters at train stations or in the outside area of the convention building," she says.
"Conventions are definitely much more aware of cosplayer safety, however, and I think they've finally realised that cosplay is a big convention drawcard and more will cosplay if it feels safe to. There's a lot less 'maybe you should have cosplayed something less skimpy' from staff and security and a lot more understanding, and that's just happened in the last three years."
The consensus is that things are improving across the board, though all the cosplayers I spoke to said that some of the smaller conventions in Australia are lagging far behind their major competitors when it comes to attendee safety (and that includes things such as Supanova inviting actor and GamerGate antagonist Adam Baldwin to attend in 2015).
"I think some of the other conventions need to cater very much to a more 'mainstream' audience to be financially viable, and so you get some really undesirable people showing up to 'look at the freaks'," Henchwench offers. "I have never been made to feel uncomfortable by another cosplayer; every single time I have been catcalled or insulted or inappropriately touched has been by someone in plain clothes."
For Shivjam , a Melbourne cosplayer who appeared at PAX Aus as Harley Quinn, PAX's staff training in dealing with harassment came immediately in handy. "I was approached to 'attend' Sexpo on behalf of a company if I did an 'audition' at some warehouse," she recalls. "I told the volunteers immediately of the man who did not have a pass and they got straight on the radio to let people know. It's always refreshing to see staff jump straight to a complaint. Word to the wise, never trust a weird man with a live rabbit on his shoulder, I guess."
So, while the no harassment policies and better trained staff have changed the general mood of larger local cons, the jury is still out on booth babes.
While the PAX policy seems like a step in the right direction, what it hasn't done is address the fact that there are vastly different dress codes for promotional staff according to gender, something Henchwench remains concerned about. "It's not addressing the actual problem that trade shows like E3 have continued with using booth babes, which is that the vast majority of companies using booth babes have their male employees in baggy pants, sneakers and a polo shirt, and their women (ie: 'booth babe') employees wearing the same company colours and logos but with bared cleavage, six-inch heels and a miniskirt," she says. "The problem here isn't that aggressive sexuality is being used to sell product, it's that there is a severe imbalance in gender representation in their sales tactics, which absolutely alienates women."
Banning "sexy" booth babes also creates confusion among cosplaying attendees, as most of us will be aware that plenty of female characters of fiction are, in Jessica Rabbit's words, just drawn that way. Take it from DeLoria, who attended PAX last week dressed as Princess Daphne from 1983 video game Dragon's Lair, one of the sexiest characters in gaming history.
"There was some confusion in regards to 'costume length' in their rules this year," DeLoria says. " Jessica Nigri was asked to leave the show floor and change into a less skimpy costume a few years ago at one of the American PAX shows, which caused a lot of confusion. Jessica is a professional cosplayer famous for being quite chesty, but PAX's justification was that she was promoting for a exhibitor at the time."
All three cosplayers agree, however, that the general vibe among convention-goers (something Shivjam describes as "a wonderful mood") is that fans' and organisers' grasp of consent and safety is improving exponentially.
"This year was my second PAX, and I feel like it was a super inclusive environment, even more so than last year," Henchwench says. "People are definitely more expressive of their identities at PAX – you see a lot of crossplay from all genders, which I love, and a lot of positive LGBTQIA expression within the cosplay community present, and in my personal experience people were so much more likely to come up and talk to cosplayers about their craft or their enthusiasm for the franchise the cosplayer is representing.
"Every single person who posed for a photo with me this year at both Oz Comic-con and PAX asked before touching me, which was fantastic."
Sketch released in Covington home invasion, pistol-whipping The victims claimed one of the three intruders removed his mask
The King County Sheriff's Office released this sketch Thursday night of one of the three suspects in a Tuesday morning Covington home invasion in which a couple was pistol-whipped in their bedroom. The King County Sheriff's Office released this sketch Thursday night of one of the three suspects in a Tuesday morning Covington home invasion in which a couple was pistol-whipped in their bedroom. Photo: King County Sheriff's Office Photo: King County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Sketch released in Covington home invasion, pistol-whipping 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The King County Sheriff's Office released a sketch Thursday night of one of the three suspects in a Covington home invasion robbery earlier this week in which a couple was pistol-whipped in their bedroom.
The victims told detectives that one of the intruders pulled off his mask during the Tuesday morning robbery while he ransacked the couple's bedroom.
They described him as a mixed race man in his late teens to early 20s, at 5-feet-6-inches tall, with medium build and longer, wavy hair.
All three robbers remain at large.
The incident occurred about 1 a.m. Tuesday in the 25700 block of 160th Place Southeast.
The victims told deputies that the three intruders kicked in their front door and headed to the master bedroom, where a husband and wife were sleeping. There, they struck the husband and wife in the head with a rifle and pistol, according to the Sheriff's Office.
The attackers proceeded to ransack the bedroom, demanding the location of the "safe" and the "money," reports say.
The couple suffered head wounds, but were not seriously injured. The children in the home, ages 6 and 8, were not harmed.
Deputies arrived at the scene to find the suspected robbers running from the area in different directions. One of them reportedly dropped a rifle and another left behind stolen items.
A search dog found some clothes deputies believe were discarded by one of the suspects.
The Sheriff's Office asks anyone with information about the incident to call the agency at 206-296-3311 or call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Related:
Anti-Trump Group Funding Voter Registration Technology
As of today, it has never been easier to register to vote, and now, for at least 92 percent of Americans - those who have a cell phone - they can do it in minutes.
Hello.Vote allows users to text a few simple details to register to vote. Depending on the state you live in, you may get an application back in the mail, but for many, it's a done deal.
How does it work?
Just text HELLO to 384-387.
"HelloVote asks you a series of questions by text message or Facebook Messenger, to help you register to vote," the company's website states. "In several states, your answers submit directly to state online forms, so there are no paper forms to fill out! (No other service makes it this fast and easy.) In other states, we send you a pre-filled form by email or - if you don't have a printer - by mail. We include a stamped envelope, so to complete your registration you just have to sign and mail it."
You can also visit their website to start the process online or via Facebook Messenger.
MSNBC's Chris Hayes on Twitter just called it "truly amazing"...
This is truly amazing https://t.co/4skgoT8AlX â€” Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) September 22, 2016
... because it is.
Do it. Now.
Register to vote.
Image: Screenshot via Hello.Vote
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Semmelhack explained how sneakers were originally designed for men and women, specifically because in the middle of the 19th-century lawn tennis came into fashion and comfortable footwear was essential to this upper echelon activity. But as basketball came into prominence, so did the heroic basketball star: the Kareem Abdul-Jabbars, the Walt Fraziers, the Michael Jordans. Watching these extremely talented men perform at such a high intensity became the selling point for the sneaker and sneaker companies began to follow suit. “Basketball's certainly a team sport, but there's something about the individual and the individual's movements that allow these superstars to really stand out,” Semmelhack told me. Although women's sneakers make up 10% of the market, Semmelhack classified the cult of sneakerheads as the “link between street ball, urban culture, basketball, bravado, masculine identity, rugged individuality, and fashion.”
A larger than life portrait of Michael Jordan hangs on the back wall, as the iconic basketball player's role in sneaker culture is undeniable; Jordan's are present in droves. Other highlights include Christian Louboutin's 2012 Roller-Boat sneakers, that look like they could be worn on the runway or in a Mad Max dystopian future. The 1989 flick Voguing: The Message plays looping on the right wall. (The caption describes voguing as "an athletic and competitive dance style" "pioneered in New York City by economically disadvantaged young people in part as a way to express their identities and group affiliations." Here too, it choses a masculine focus, adding: "Although voguers who identify or present as female do not typically wear sneakers, contestants in ballroom categories based on the ability to display male heterosexual “realness” often do wear sneakers, to authenticate their look. Once again, sneakers play a significant role in constructing masculinity.")
A plaque at the Sneaker Culture exhibit, entitled "Women and Sneaker Culture," addresses this issue: "Female interest in sneaker culture has largely been redirected to shoes that refer to sneakers and yet aren't the real thing, like the wedge sneaker. This shoe is a part of a larger continuum of footwear made for women, dating back to the 1920s, that flirts with, but doesn't admit, women into the sneaker game." And, unfortunately, there's embarrassing evidence of that all around. Just look at the name Lady Footlocker, because women need lady shoes for their lady feet.
But while the voice of female sneakerheads may not be heard by certain sneaker brands and outlets, it is certainly heard in the sneakerhead community. Kicks On Fire, a widely read sneaker blog and app, recently launched its #ChicksOnFire campaign. The campaign celebrates female sneaker culture by profiling certain collectors and uniting them with others in the movement over social media. Affirming and glamorizing, a hashtag check on Instagram or Twitter portrays the community as emboldened sneaker lovers (though it is occasionally hijacked by porno-trolls). Yet at the Rise of Sneaker Culture, a framed picture by Hank Willis Thomas hangs on the left wall of the exhibit portraying a woman posed to kiss a sneaker, the red of her lipstick matching the red heel of the shoe. There seems to be a tension between owning one's sexuality and keeping women out of sneaker culture, co-opting their sexuality to sell a product marketing towards men. When I approached Semmelhack about the erotic undertones of sneaker culture, she had a lot to say.
Ever had a McD's Fillet-O-Fish? I must admit I was partial to them when I was a young oblivious meat-eater, who would get super excited when I was aloud my occasional fast-food meal. I think everyone is now aware of the shite that is pumped into the processed fast-food, but at that point in my life, I wasn't that interested. Tut. How things have changed… So obviously this infamous burger has plenty of room for improvement, first and foremost: Veganize! Fish is a texture and taste is a difficult flavour to mimic, we have found that our Mock Tuna Fish and Thai Crab Cakes have done the trick in the past.
For this recipe, we've taken inspiration from our Thai Crab cakes that we fell in love with at first bite. The texture of shredded artichoke hearts is incredibly similar to crab, while combined with seaweed we take the plant based taste of the sea.
Ok so our Fillet-O-Fishless might not taste like to quite remember, but we wanted more depth and flavour in our yummy plant-based burger! You won't miss the processed breadcrumb fish, I promise. This is a major step up. The artichoke burger manages to stay beautifully juicy and moist, unlike many veggie burgers I've tried in my time.
We've made these bad boys on a few occasions and now feel like its time to share with you the second love of both of our lives. Take the burger fans advice and try making them now! Bin the crappy mcd's and bring your fillet-o-fishless to life, mm.
Fillet-O-Fishless Save Print Prep time 30 mins Cook time 10 mins Total time 40 mins Juicy artichoke based burger that imitates flaky fish perfectly, breaded and fried for a crispy coating. Major step up from McD's processed fillet-o-fish. Author: The Hungry Herbivores Recipe type: Main, Burger Cuisine: Vegan, Gluten-free Serves: 3 burgers Ingredients "Fish" Fillets 1 can artichoke hearts (drained weight:240g)
1 white onion, finely diced
½ cup coriander, chopped
2 minced garlic cloves
½ tsp dried or fresh dill
½ tsp smoked paprika
¼ tsp celery seeds
1 tsp lime juice
1 tbsp. wakame, finely chopped*
½ cup breadcrumbs (gf if needed) Dredging 1 cup breadcrumbs
¼ cup corn flour/starch
½ cup non-dairy milk To Serve 3 Burger Buns of choice
Coriander, Gherkins, Tomatoes, Sweetcorn, Vegan Mayo (optional) Instructions Drain the artichoke hearts and transfer to a large bowl. Shred with two forks until there are no large clumps left. Stir in the rest of the ingredients. You should be able to mould the mixture into a very moist patty. If it doesn't hold, try adding more breadcrumbs or flour. Divide into 3 even patties and set aside. Place the dredging ingredients in three separate shallow bowls. Dip each patty in the corn flour then the milk, then the breadcrumbs. Cover the bottom of a frying pan with a generous amount of oil for a shallow fry, and heat at medium high. Let the patties sizzle on each side for 4-5 minutes or until golden brown and hot on the inside. Place in your burger buns along with your toppings of choice. Notes *If you are using dried wakame. Soak in water for a few minutes to re-hydrate. Remove and chop finely. 3.5.3226
I woke up from a nap to a loud pop and a smell of burning plastic. The source turned out to be one of the most precious and important to me digital devices: a ReadyNAS NV+, a small silver box with over a terabyte of hard drives that store my backups, music, and photos.
Network attached storage (NAS) is an engineering compromise. It's a storage solution that lets you keep a bunch of drives in a self-contained device. It's redundant: you can lose a drive (which is a statistical certainty) and not lose your data. There are also handy usb ports that let you connect usb drives and a button to run backup jobs onto these drives. It also serves as a print server, and in theory it can be used as a streaming media server. On the other hand it's slow (gigabit networks are not fast enough when you need gigs of data fast), a complete nightmare to use with photo managers like Picasa, and an even worse nightmare if you want to use it as a Time Capsule.
I've spent a lot of time babysitting my ReadyNAS NV+: changing the defective RAM that it shipped with, updating the buggy firmware, finding the right drives for it (some don't have the right temperature sensors). Don't get me started on what it took to make it work with Mac's Time Machine.
And after all that, the one box that was supposed to keep my precious digital archives safe was smoking. This was preceeded by a few days of weird performance issues and a couple of hangs. The power supply finally died a horrible death, and I realized that once again I was falling victim (or “mugu” as Nigerians say) to faulty capacitors.
According to Wikipedia, the name of this phenomenon is “Capacitor Plague“. There is an epidemic of failure in electrolytic capacitors from certain shady manufacturers. Electrolytic capacitors are usually found in power supplies. They are little aluminum cylinders filled with special film and electrolytic liquid or gel. Power supplies get very hot, and the liquid part of the capacitors, the electrolyte, always wants to either dry up or explode. The formula for the electrolyte is very hard to get right.
The rumor is that one or a few companies resorted to industrial espionage to steal electrolyte formulations. They weren't entirely successful – they either got an incomplete formula or just plain Brawndo.
Spectrum Online did some digging:
“According to the source, a scientist stole the formula for an electrolyte from his employer in Japan and began using it himself at the Chinese branch of a Taiwanese electrolyte manufacturer. He or his colleagues then sold the formula to an electrolyte maker in Taiwan, which began producing it for Taiwanese and possibly other capacitor firms. Unfortunately, the formula as sold was incomplete.
“It didn't have the right additives,” says Dennis Zogbi, publisher of Passive Component Industry magazine (Cary, N.C.), which broke the story last fall. According to Zogbi's sources, the capacitors made from the formula become unstable when charged, generating hydrogen gas, bursting, and letting the electrolyte leak onto the circuit board. Zogbi cites tests by Japanese manufacturers that indicate the capacitor's lifetimes are half or less of the 4000 hours of continuous ripple current they are rated for.”
Wastefulness of today's society masks the problem: most people don't perform autopsies on their dead $70 DVD players or $500 computers, they just use that as an excuse to buy the new hottness. The techies with (or without) spare time and soldering skills do the following: fill bulleten boards with tales of saving their devices by soldering in new capacitors; search for instructions on how to solder and purchase capacitors; and curse creatively after doing it for the 5th time.
The unique thing about the capacitor plague is how easy it is to identify: the capacitors literally blow their tops, venting electrolyte through the special stress relief indentations. It's also unique in that anybody with a soldering iron has a very good chance of fixing it: the caps are easy to locate and solder. In the age when most electronic components are of the “surface mount” type (the size of a sesame seed) or chips with dozens legs as fine as silk, soldering in a two legged capacitor is very refreshing.
Here's a nest of capacitors from my busted power supply: two in the left corner are clearly popped, the one on the right is probably ok:
In the last couple of years the following devices that I own fell prey to faulty caps: a cheap off-brand dvd player, a speed control on my Dodge Caravan's air conditioner, a Netgear network hub, a huge and expensive Air King window fan, and now, my ReadyNAS. The interesting thing is that the problem exists in both high end and high-end products, as well as in high tech and low tech ones (I did not know there were electronic components in the window fan).
I am out of warranty on my ReadyNAS because I bought it in May of 07. The following passage leads me to believe that the shitty capacitors are a problem that they are aware of and (maybe) fixed in newer releases of the hardware (they could not offer a 5 year warranty if they used the same capacitors – they'd just go broke).
“Please be aware that ReadyNAS purchased prior to August 21, 2007 carries a one-year limited warranty. Extended warranty purchased for these ReadyNAS will be honored by NETGEAR. ReadyNAS NV+ and 1100 purchased August 21, 2007 and later have a 5-year limited warranty, and the ReadyNAS Duo has a 3-year warranty.”
The brand name of the popped capacitors reads “Fuhjyyu”. It leads me to the urban dictionary entry that says that Fuhjyyu is either
“1) Chinese word for feces.
or
(2) Brand name of abysmal quality capacitors that are installed on logic boards, switching power supplies and various other electronic components.”
There's also a post from a guy who implores ReadyNas to stop using those capacitors.
Then there's badcaps.net – a global capacitor gripefest that is too depressing to read.
You can see a nice gallery of busted caps over here
There are broader implications of this: coupled with the fragile lead free solder, leaky capacitors don't only cause kajillions of dollars of damage, but will also make electronics of our era impossible to use in the near future. The aluminum in burnable cds and dvds are rotting too, destroying the record of our time.
CHEYENNE, Wyoming (CNN) -- While Washington gears up for Inauguration Day, Republicans in Wyoming are taking stock of their future and assessing Barack Obama.
From left: Janet Anderson, Dicky Shanor, Cindy Hill, Jack Mueller, Ted Mueller are cautious about Barack Obama.
"I'm afraid that so much of the responsibility of individuals is being transferred to Washington," says Jack Mueller, a 67-year-old retired state government worker. "Big Brother is going to be telling us what to do over and over and over again."
Mueller and a handful of other Republicans sit in the coffee shop of the historic Plains Hotel on this windy January morning, chatting about the incoming administration and their mixed feelings.
These are back-to-basic Republicans. They want small government, strong national defense and an emphasis on individual liberties and accountability.
"I wish President[-elect] Obama well, but I do not wish him success in the things he is proposing," says Ted Mueller, 57, an insurance salesman.
Ted is not related to Jack, but they share concerns about what they see as a federal government on the brink of a huge expansion.
"I don't want the federal government to give away our individual rights. I don't want them to take over our business. I don't want them to take over our religion."
Watch with CNN! Watch the historic inauguration of Barack Obama with CNN and the best political team on TV!
Coverage begins Tuesday, 10 a.m. ET see full schedule »
Janet Anderson, 57, returned to Cheyenne after a career in the oil business in Texas. She worries about the federal government bailing out businesses.
"The Obama administration is taking consequences out of our nation."
She says, "If you go make a bad business decision and you lose your shirt, you just go to the government and get some money."
Cindy Hill is an assistant principal of a junior high school. She is afraid the Obama administration will dismantle No Child Left Behind and worries that his administration will leave behind huge debt for her son's generation.
"He's only 20 years old -- and the decisions being made right now, the deficit and how were approaching solving problems -- are going to impact his generation significantly." she says.
Only 33 percent of Wyoming's voters cast their ballots for Obama, but they are concerned about the future of the Republican Party outside the state.
"We really need to decide to define our party and what we're going to be in the future," says 26-year-old Dicky Shanor, a Cheyenne attorney. "We need somebody on the federal level to step up and define us. I don't know who that's going to be."
"It'd be great if we could have another leader like Ronald Reagan -- that strength of leadership, the strength of character," says Ted Mueller, "I don't see it right now, but there's always hope. Somebody will rise up."
These Wyoming Republicans share a respect for the office of the president, even if they have doubts about the man.
"As an American, obviously I want him to succeed. He is my president," says Jack Mueller. "I hope that he will do well."
"I truly hope that he succeeds. You have to respect the office, I don't care who's in it," says Janet Anderson. "If Barack Obama earns my respect, I will respect the man."
All About Wyoming • Barack Obama • Republican Party
Or worse: Ever actually been robbed, or had your safety threatened through burglary or senseless vandalism?
After having my laptop, phone and bike stolen last summer I was getting so fed up with street crime and aggressive panhandling in my neighborhood that I felt I was going to snap and go off on someone, but then my ethics training kicked in and reminded me I should at least try to see it from my opponent's point of view first; the result became Addiction the RPG.
Addiction the RPG models life on the streets of modern-day Portland, Oregon in an attempt to understand points of view that many of us experience as a quandary at best or at worst a nuisance or even a threat. This was not a stretch for me since I was on the street homeless at the project took its present form, and had lived similar lifestyles for fifteen years before, during and after entering community college as a 30-year-old 9th-grade dropout circa 2000 (with the ultimate result a Master's degree in exactly this type of social research).
The challenge arose in trying to understand a point of view I disagree with, that of someone who throws used syringes into the public space; smashes numerous car windows across my neighborhood every single night month in month out; or mentors younger at-risk populations into crime, addiction and 'making bad decisions,' all fueled by a media that glamorizes not just individualistic deviance or counter-culture lifeways, but anti-social and ultimately predatory behavior from the highest class of white-collar fraud and extortion down to urban street crime and ultimately to canonization into the immortal 'Twenty-Seven Club.'
These are the current, pressing and difficult research questions I explore in the three books, two decks of cards and Web pages that comprise Addiction the RPG. Following precedents from victim-offender mediation, marriage counseling and labor-management negotiation, Addiction explores the social construct that it is just so rad to leave the suburbs, go downtown, get spun out on addictive drugs and then attack the generosity we disparage and exploit. Yes, a subset of the panhandlers you donate money to spend that on drugs and then mock, sneer at and laugh about the dumb, square 'Licks' as the victims are called, but only a subset: The fundamental underlying problem is that this minority draws off resources that could be employed serving 'real' at-risk (youth) or vulnerable (aged, disabled or in-crisis) populations, protecting the public (corrections) or preventive intervention that could improve conditions for the entire society. I know this because I have been there myself.
These deeper motivations are hidden behind a satirical voice that employs gallows humor to hopefully expand and improve discussion about an uncomfortable social issue I overhear in the media and interpersonal conversation all around me every day.
Enough of the 'why' for now, which makes up the content between the covers of Addiction the RPG Books 1-3. As for the 'how,' this Kickstarter campaign will hopefully incite public discussion at the very least, but hopefully also -Fund a big box of CARDS.
Decks 1 and 2 are the most expensive components of this game and so higher volume will achieve lower per-unit price, or at least lower postage cost for the decks that will sell more books. Selling individual books and full sets will provide investible funds to sell yet more sets and components, along with publicity for an idea many others have found relevant, complex and uncomfortable.
That's it, Sell a bunch of books which will fund more decks which will sell more books, over and over again, books which employ 'gallows humor' to improve support for vulnerable populations. Why only $100? people have asked me: Yes I want $1000 yes I want $100,000 but I want this project to win and I have done this all on a 15-year-old eMac using the Internet at the public library and I will take $1 and make the most out of it I can, and make more out of less than most people even think possible with almost nothing so I would be delighted and thankful with anything and thank you for your time even considering this project, which many people have found interesting and useful I have already sold about $200 worth just talking to people in bars and on the sidewalk. YOU ARE AWESOME it's the world that is broken not you-
FPIs had poured in Rs 46,000 crore in the capital market during July-September.
: Foreign investors have pulled out a massive $3.5 billion from the capital market this month so far following a rate hike by the Federal Reserve.Most of the outflows by the foreign portfolio investors or FPIs have been witnessed in the debt markets during the period under review.The latest FPI outflows took place following a withdrawal of over Rs 49,700 crore on a net basis from the capital market (equity and debt) in last two months (October-November).Prior to that, FPIs had poured in Rs 46,000 crore in the capital market in preceding three months (July-September)."The US Federal Reserve's rate hike was certainly one of the reason for the outflow as the week leading to the announcement saw the maximum outflows as investors exited, expecting lower spread with a US rate hike.""But independent of that, it appears that the sharp rally in November in Indian gilts could have also led to profit booking by FPIs in the debt segment," Fundsindia.com head of mutual fund research Vidya Bala said.Net withdrawal by foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) from equities stood at Rs 3,744 crore during December 1-23, while the same from the debt market was Rs 19,027 crore, translating into a total outflow of Rs 22,771 crore ($3.35 billion), data from the depositories showed.The pullout by FPIs started in October 2016 following uncertainty over the US election results and similar trend was observed in other emerging markets.This year, so far, FPIs have invested a net sum of Rs 24,998 crore in stocks, while they pulled out Rs 43,737 crore from the debt market, resulting in a combined net outflow of Rs 18,739 crore."As of December 23, equities still remain positive on inflows for the 2016 calendar. It was the debt market that was witness to massive FPI outflows in December." "The net outflows in the month of November and December alone accounted for 92 per cent of the net outflows in debt market, thus far this calendar," she added.
Every day, Google's Street View cars capture massive amounts of data and the company then publishes them on Google Maps at regular intervals. Until now, the only images you could see on Google Maps were the latest images. Starting today, however, you will also be able to go back in time and see older images.
When you're in the Street View interface, you will now see a small clock icon on the page. Once you click that, a preview image with a timeline underneath it will appear and allow you to see the older images.
It looks like Google's Street View cars pass by most locations about twice per year. There is a bit of variation here, however, and some urban areas especially have more historical images available while some rural areas may have fewer. In many regions of the world, Google only started collecting this imagery in the last few years (it launched in the U.S. in 2007), so that may also limit the availability of historical images.
Google tells me this update is meant to be part of the company's effort to “create a digital mirror and true record of the world.”
The update is going live globally today. For now, it will only be available in the desktop version of Google Maps and it is unclear if Google plans to bring this feature to other versions of Maps later.
Here are a few examples of what these images look like:
[gallery ids="991277,991278,991279,991280,991281,991282,991284,991285,991286,991287,991291,991294,991295" orderby="rand"]
UPDATE 7/24/2015: The Kickstarter campaign was successfully in reaching the goal of $500,000. Museum officials say that if the campaign can raise another 200,000, they will also be able to digitize and preserve for display Alan Shepard's spacesuit. The suit was worn during the first manned American space flight in 1961.
The Apollo 11 spacesuit Neil Armstrong wore when he became the first man to step on the moon 46 years ago July 20 is deteriorating, has been out of public eye for nine years, and is about to undergo extensive conservation.
So on the anniversary of that “small step for a man,” the Smithsonian Institution announced a plan of action that is, in its own way, a giant leap for funding the job with what the Institution's first federal Kickstarter campaign. With a goal of raising $500,000 in 30 days—by offering incentives such as exclusive updates to 3D printed facsimiles of the space suit gloves—museum officials hope to be able to unveil a restored spacesuit by the time of the 50th anniversary of the moon landing four years from now, in 2019.
A year later, it will be part of a permanent “Destination Moon” exhibition already in the planning for 2020. The space suit restoration—and what conservators hope to learn about preservation of plastics and how to best display fragile historical items—may inform future conservation of historical items and even art. It may also usher in a new era of crowdfunding for federal projects, using the method that's been used on 88,000 projects since 2009, from feature films to art projects.
Age and its original use have taken a toll on the artifact. A flight to the moon and back and additional wear and tear from being on display has tarnished the suit that was custom made for Armstrong. Stains of unknown origin are on a leg pocket; nobody knows exactly who hand stitched repairs to the knee and other areas either, says Cathy Lewis, curator of international space programs and spacesuits at the National Air and Space Museum. NASA scrubbed down the suit when it came back from the moon “to make sure there were no moon bugs.”
They even took it to a commercial dry cleaner's one time, Lewis says. “That was the current standard practice in maintaining and cleaning textiles, even in the museum environment at the time.” NASA sent the suit on a 50-state tour with the Command Module Columbia before the Apollo 11 artifacts were donated to the Smithsonian in 1972.
At first the artifacts were displayed at the Arts and Industry Building until Air and Space opened its doors on the Mall in 1976. “We had periodic inspections of the suit over the years,” Lewis says, “and we decided to take it off display in 2006 to really let it rest for further study.”
The Smithsonian's federal funds—about 70 percent of its resources—are restricted to safeguarding collections, research and the costs associated with operating and maintaining the museums. But exhibitions, public programs and the recent digitization of the collection have largely been privately funded.
Lewis says that Kickstarter is a natural for the Air and Space Museum since the museum, too, relies on a wide range of people including those who may not have been involved with the Institution before. “It's the kind of project that's defined with steps with a goal in mind of getting the suit on display. Therein lies the slogan, ‘Reboot the Suit.'”
A Reboot the Suit poster is available to those pledging $11; a Reboot the Suit T-shirt for those pledging $46. Progress on the 30-day campaign can be followed with the hashtag #RebootTheSuit.
On the higher end, 20 people who pledge $1,600 will get a 3D print of Armstrong's space glove; a $5,000 pledge is rewarded with a personal museum tour from Gen. John R. Dailey, the director of the National Air and Space Museum, who appears in the 3-minute pitch video at the Kickstarter site saying “this suit represents one of the greatest achievements in the history of the United States of America” and declaring: “This is an epic endeavor, but we can do it with your support.”
The way Kickstarter works is that if a project reaches its goal, each of the backers' credit cards will be charged on the final day. If the goal is not reached, nobody is charged.
A number of other Smithsonian museums are looking at how the Kickstarter project will do, with ideas of their own to fund.
“This is the first time we've teamed up with a museum in this way,” says Kickstarter cofounder and CEO Yancey Stickler.
Accordingly, announcement of the Institution's first such campaign was held up until the last minute.
If there's ever been a federal agency that's used Kickstarter, says Lisa Young, objects conservator at the Air and Space museum, “we don't know of one.”
Today, the spacesuit sits in a morgue-like container with consistent temperature and humidity. The museum is working on new ways to display it in cases that will be just as constant as storage.
Donations will also fund research in the suit history, the digitization of the suit such that anybody could make a 3D print of it, and CT scans to determine all the layers used in the suit—21 in all—that allowed the sealed suits to become, on the moon, its own spacecraft.
Because parts of the suit were made in Latex, the same kind of movable fabric used in girdles and bras, the materials have also gotten brittle or have interacted with other kinds of materials in the suit to hasten the deterioration.
“You have a lot of synthetic materials that were invented in the 1950s and people didn't know how they would hold up over time,” says Young, the conservator who works at the Air and Space museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Virginia, where the suit is stored. “But the primary challenge is not being able to take any of the materials apart to treat them, like we would do with other objects.”
Planes can be dismantled so the metals and textiles and plastics can all be treated separately. With the space suit in 21 layers “we can't really take anything apart to treat it,” Young says.
The historical nature of the suit suggests they shouldn't even try to take it apart. “It was Neil's suit, and it went to the Moon, and it was the actual one he wore.” They could do that with suits that were in development for the trip, she says, “We just wouldn't do that with this one.”
And don't think the white Beta cloth material will be restored to its shiny white original hue. That it is covered in gray lunar dust embedded into the fibers of the suit is something of a badge of pride.
“We're not going to take any of that off,” Young says.
“The lunar dust we consider to be a historical artifact,” Lewis says.
There will be some work on how to display the spacesuit without having a mannequin inside. “In the past, it's really hard to get a mannequin into a space suit,” Young says. You have to actually build them within the suit themselves, because the suit is sealed with a pressure layering, so with the neck ring, there's no exit at the top of the zipper.”
Some past displays used the same kind of commercial mannequins used in stores; others were custom made so the faces looked like the individual astronauts. Neither was so good for the fragile material itself, which were built to have a life of about six months—not 50 years.
“We're hopeful that we can make a case that will protect the suit, just about as well as it would be if it was in a storage container,” Lewis says. “We want to share the collection with the public, and we have to find a way to do that for the longest period of time so we have it for another 50 years to share with our visitors.”
And if someone donates that top level of $10,000, do you think that maybe they could just try it on one time?
“No,” says Young. “There will be no touching of anything. They can come see it. But there's no touching.”
And if they make more than goal of half a million dollars in 30 days, Young says, the money won't go to waste. “There are other suits that need to be conserved,” Young says.
Four space suits will be among the 400 objects when the new “Destination Moon” opens in 2020.
A group of 25 principals of D.C. public schools this week began a master's-degree program at Georgetown University, part of an effort to improve the quality of leadership in the city's schools.
D.C. Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson — who earned an undergraduate degree at Georgetown and later a leadership degree there in 2007 — helped launch the program after she determined that principal training programs were lacking what she believed are the essentials needed to elevate the school system. The program, which runs through the calendar year, mirrors Georgetown's Executive Master's in Leadership program in the McDonough School of Business.
Henderson, working with academic leaders at Georgetown, created a curriculum that includes such topics as how to deal with uncertainty and how to lead tough conversations.
“This program is about to set these people on fire,” Henderson said. “They're good principals, but they could be great principals if they had the tool kit.”
Georgetown reduced its tuition for the program, two-thirds of which is covered by the federal government's Teacher Incentive Fund as well as a grant from the CityBridge Foundation, which hopes to create a system of top-performing schools in the District. The principals pay the rest.
“This serves as an indication that the District sees principals as an integral part of development,” said Kwame Simmons, principal of Kramer Middle School in Southeast.
Simmons said the degree could help him revolutionize his approach to leadership at Kramer, one of the city's 40 lowest-performing schools.
The newly enrolled students will meet every other weekend and will study cases and examples tailored to their educational background and context.
David Catania, chairman of the D.C. Council's education committee, attended Tuesday's opening reception and called the initiative “exactly the right strategy for principal development.”
Review found little evidence to support stop and search but decision appears to irritate some rank and file police officers
Scottish ministers have banned police from stopping and searching children for alcohol without legal cause after they found little evidence to support its use.
To the irritation of some rank and file officers, Michael Matheson, the Scottish justice secretary, said the government would instead focus on introducing a new statutory code of practice to cover searches of adults next year.
“We know stop and search can be a valuable tool on combating crime, but it is important that we get the balance right between protecting the public and the rights of individuals,” Matheson said.
Scottish police will still have the legal power to require an underage child to hand over alcohol if they can see it on them but, after this new bar on non-statutory searches, would need to arrest them if they refuse to hand it over.
The decision follows lengthy reviews into the once heavy use of non-statutory stop and searches in Scotland including children younger than 10, which became particularly widespread in Strathclyde under the then chief constable Sir Stephen House.
Unlike in England and Wales, where the practice is heavily regulated, Scottish police were repeatedly using common law powers for “consensual” searches of children without oversight and legal cause. At its peak, Scotland's overall stop and search rate was four times higher than in England and Wales.
A study by academic researcher Kath Murray, with the Scottish Centre for Crime and Justice Research, found under-14s were searched 26,000 times in 2010 without the specific statutory power to do so. That included 500 searches of children under-10s. In Strathclyde, there were more recorded searches of 16-year-olds than the number of people that age living in the force area, at a rate of 1,406 searches per 1,000 people.
The police and the then justice secretary, Kenny MacAskill, insisted that non-statutory stop and searches were an essential weapon in the wider strategy of combating underage drinking and antisocial behaviour. Few children objected and many adults supported it, they said.
In 2015, the UN human rights committee said the practice was “allegedly unlawful and disproportionate” and should be scrapped. But an expert panel set up by Scottish ministers to review all stop and search policies could not agree on whether to do so or not, leading to the latest review.
However, the Scottish government's review, published on Friday, found that after stricter oversight was introduced in the summer of 2015, there were still few successful discoveries of alcohol on children.
Of 1,629 consensual searches of children, only 158 – or less than one search in 10 – found alcohol. For searches involving adults aged 18 or over, the figure reached 16.3%. There were far more cases – 2,551 in total – where children voluntarily handed over alcohol without being searched.
Matheson said the question of non-statutory search powers of children would be revisited 12 months after a new code of conduct comes into force next year, to see if there was clear evidence the power was needed.
Murray said this was a measured and welcome decision by ministers. “Any increase in the powers of the police should be evidence based, and as the Scottish government and Police Scotland have acknowledged, there is currently insufficient evidence to support such a move.”
The Scottish Police Federation, which represents rank and file officers, would not comment directly on the government's decision. Calum Steele, its general secretary, tweeted:
There is an income buffer secret that really can make a huge difference when running a homestead. It is a very simple concept, but maybe hard for some people who are in the “live paycheck to paycheck” rut.
Income buffer secret
The secret is to arrange your budget so that you are only spending THIS month the income you brought in LAST month. What you have is a buffer that allows you to deal with fluctuations in your income stream – something that is typical of folks who rely on income from sales of homestead items and products.
Getting to this budget place may require forward planning. You may need to build your budget so each month over time you are putting aside some money until you have the month of income saved. Then you can start using that saved months worth of income to start the buffer process.
Another alternative is the use a tax return or some other payment to create your buffer.
If you are comfortable with spreadsheets this is something you can easily set up and follow using Excel or Numbers (Mac). I even cover how to do this in the Managing your homestead money eBook.
Some computer programs/websites exist that can help you in the process. They can cost you some money initially (like $60-$100), but can take out the heartache if you are not a “spreadsheet person”. You Need A Budget is just one, but there will be others.
Using the income buffer
Once you have a buffer, you will find that you can plan around drops in income that occur in the month you are spending.
For example, say last month your homestead and other activities brought in $2000. So this month you can adjust your budget to spend/save the $2000. Then during this month you only bring in $1500. Next month you can budget to spend/save the $1500…which means adjusting you budget down $500 from last months. That might seem tough – but you know EXACTLY how much money you have to spend/save…and not guessing….and so you can make sound decisions on where to save that $500.
This puts YOU in control ahead of time. The alternative is that you are guessing how much money you will bring in…and then when you don't reach your target you are scrambling for ways to make up the shortfall…and the money is in charge of YOU!
Being in control is the key here – and an essential skill for a successful homestead.
For more advice, tips and tools to help you manage your homestead money, get our book “Manage your homestead money” (via Amazon)
The communications director fired over a tweet evoking AIDS and race that was sent as she was headed to Africa apologized today, saying she is "ashamed" for her insensitivity to the millions of people living with the virus.
Justine Sacco, formerly a PR executive for the Internet giant InterActive Corp., which owns popular websites like Match.com, Dictionary.com, and Vimeo, was fired over a tweet that came from her account on Friday that read: "Going to Africa. Hope I don't get AIDS. Just kidding. I'm white!"
Controversy erupted while Sacco was reportedly mid-flight with no Internet access. Today Sacco spoke to ABC News, saying, "My greatest concern was this statement reach South Africa first." After sending her statement to South African newspaper The Star, Sacco shared the following apology:
"Words cannot express how sorry I am, and how necessary it is for me to apologize to the people of South Africa, who I have offended due to a needless and careless tweet," Sacco said. "There is an AIDS crisis taking place in this country, that we read about in America, but do not live with or face on a continuous basis. Unfortunately, it is terribly easy to be cavalier about an epidemic that one has never witnessed firsthand.
"For being insensitive to this crisis -- which does not discriminate by race, gender or sexual orientation, but which terrifies us all uniformly -- and to the millions of people living with the virus, I am ashamed.
"This is my father's country, and I was born here. I cherish my ties to South Africa and my frequent visits, but I am in anguish knowing that my remarks have caused pain to so many people here; my family, friends and fellow South Africans. I am very sorry for the pain I caused."
Woman Fired After Tweet on AIDS in Africa Sparks Internet Outrage. Read more.
A trending hashtag #HasJustineLandedYet and parody account @LOLJustineSacco quickly appeared on Twitter after Sacco sent the tweet. A fake Facebook account under her name was also created, where a post links to www.justinesacco.com, which brings up a donation page for Aid for Africa.
InterActive Corp issued a statement to ABC News Saturday distancing itself from the tweet and saying the employee was fired.
"There is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made and we condemn them unequivocally," the InterActive Corp statement said. "We hope, however, that time and action, and the forgiving human spirit, will not result in the wholesale condemnation of an individual who we have otherwise known to be a decent person at core."
THE PARENTS OF a seven-year-old autistic boy were left “gobsmacked” last weekend when a used syringe, lodged down the side of the seat on a DART, became stuck in his finger.
The family were on their way to catch the Christmas steam train from Pearse Street Station in Dublin on Saturday when the boy put his hand down the side of his seat. When he pulled it back out, there was a syringe stuck in his finger, his father told TheJournal.ie.
“He had to get a series of tests in Crumlin Hospital because we don't know what was in it but there was blood in the syringe,” he said. “We won't know now for six months what the situation is but he's on a course of injections against hepatitis B and hepatitis C.”
‘Like being stabbed'
The concerned father said that while he and his wife were “just devastated” when they saw the syringe hanging from their son's hand, it gave the seven-year-old himself a major scare.
“The slightest little thing feels like a mountain for him – a pin prick to an autistic child is like being stabbed,” he explained.
He said his son does not “understand the repercussions it could have” and though doctors have said the liklihood of his having hepatitis is low, “no one knows what the outcome of it will be”.
The boy's parents notified staff at Iarnróid Éireann as soon as it happened last Saturday and wrote to the company this week. His father said they will also be seeking legal advice on the matter.
Reviewing CCTV
In a statement to TheJournal.ie, a spokesperson for Irish Rail said it was obviously a very distressing incident for the young boy and his family and the company has been liaising with them since the incident.
We are reviewing CCTV both in terms of the incident itself, and to see if it can be identified when and by whom the needle was placed there. It does appear as if it was down the side of the seat completely out of sight.
They said there was an immediate check after the incident happened to ensure there was no other potentially harmful material hidden or visible on the train and “thankfully there was not”.
“DARTs are cleaned thoroughly and regularly, including sides of seats to ensure that such incidents are prevented, so it may have been that the syringe was placed there earlier in the day while the train was in service,” they added.
Spain will deploy police reinforcements to Catalonia if an independence referendum pledged by Catalan officials but opposed by the national government goes ahead, officials have said.
The measure came amid rising tension between Spanish and Catalan authorities over the planned October 1 ballot.
Civil Guard police this week arrested around a dozen regional government officials and seized about 10 million ballot papers.
Spokesman @jorditurull: “Our only approach is to vote on #October1. There is no other setting, no other plan.” pic.twitter.com/vJ0DD1b7GF — Catalan Government (@catalangov) September 22, 2017
Authorities in the wealthy north-eastern region insist the vote will take place, even though Spain's Constitutional Court has ordered it to be suspended and the Madrid-based national government insists it is illegal.
An Interior Ministry statement said the extra police would provide backing for the Catalan regional police, who are also under orders to prevent the staging of the referendum.
The statement said the Catalan Interior Ministry had been informed. It did not say how many extra police would be sent. Three ferries docked at Barcelona's port will provide accommodation for the extra officers.
Spokesman @jorditurull: “With regard to the latest actions by the police, which have resulted in raids and the arrest of @gencat workers…” — Catalan Government (@catalangov) September 22, 2017
Also on Friday, a Catalan regional judge ordered the release with restrictions of six people arrested on Wednesday in a crackdown on referendum preparations. A statement said the six declined to give evidence.
They remain under investigation for disobedience, abuse of power and embezzlement in relation to the planned ballot and must appear before the court each week.
Hundreds of pro-independence supporters had protested outside the courthouse to demand the officials' release.
A woman votes in a mock ballot box covered with ”estelada” or Catalonia independence flag (Alvaro Barrientos/AP
The protest in the north-eastern Catalan town of Hospitalet de Llobregat was an extension of another started on Thursday outside the Catalan judiciary headquarters in nearby Barcelona that attracted thousands.
A pro-independence group said about 2,500 supporters were at the protest in Hospitalet.
Meanwhile, around 2,000 students gathered around and inside one of Barcelona's main universities calling for an end to the national government's crackdown, carrying pro-independence flags and banners supporting the ballot.
Students protest outside Barcelona University (Emilio Morenatti/AP)
They occupied a central cloister near the offices of the dean and other university officials. Student union representatives urged the protesters to remain over the weekend.
Spain's central government says the planned referendum violates Spain's constitution, and the Constitutional Court has ordered it suspended while it studies its legality.
Catalonia represents a fifth of Spain's 1.1 trillion-euro (£970 billion) economy and enjoys wide self-government.
The region has about 5.5 million eligible voters, and polls consistently show the region's inhabitants favour a referendum but are roughly evenly divided over independence from Spain.
Download and display the poster on the Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act to help raise awareness about the new law and the importance of calling 911 and/or emergency services in case of an overdose. Visit Canada.ca/Opioids for more information on the risks of opioids and how to help #StopOverdoses. The growing number of overdoses and deaths caused by opioids (powerful pain relieving drugs, including fentanyl) is a national public health crisis. Protecting the health and safety of Canadians is a priority for the Government of Canada. The Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act is part of the Government's comprehensive approach to addressing the crisis. It will help encourage Canadians to save a life during an overdose situation.
About the Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act The Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act provides some legal protection for individuals who seek emergency help during an overdose. The act became law on May 4, 2017. It complements the new Canadian Drugs and Substances Strategy, our comprehensive public health approach to substance use. Harm reduction is a key part of the strategy alongside prevention, treatment, and enforcement. The act also supports the Federal Action on Opioids and the Joint Statement of Action to address the opioid crisis and prevent further overdose deaths. We hope the act will help to reduce fear of police attending overdose events and encourage people to help save a life.
Legal protection granted by the act The Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act provides some legal protection for people who experience or witness an overdose and call 9-1-1 for help. The act can protect you from: Charges for possession of a controlled substance (i.e. drugs) under section 4(1) of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act
Breach of conditions regarding simple possession of controlled substances (i.e. drugs) in: pre-trial release probation orders conditional sentences parole
The Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act applies to anyone seeking emergency support during an overdose, including the person experiencing an overdose. The act protects the person who seeks help, whether they stay or leave from the overdose scene before help arrives. The act also protects anyone else who is at the scene when help arrives. The act does not provide legal protection against more serious offences, such as: outstanding warrants
production and trafficking of controlled substances
all other crimes not outlined within the act
The CW is dedicating a whole night to Warner Bros' catalog of upcoming DC comic book adaptations, with a brand new “Suicide Squad” trailer set to debut during the two-hour block of programming.
“DC's Legends of Tomorrow: Their Time Is Now” will give an in-depth look at the network's “Arrow”-“The Flash” spinoff series, while “DC Films Presents: Dawn of the Justice League” will preview “Batman v Superman” and other upcoming films on the slate.
Also Read: 'DC's Legends of Tomorrow' Team Lines Up on New Poster (Photo)
The “Legends of Tomorrow” special, airing first, will introduce viewers to the immortal madman Vandal Savage (played by Capser Crump), the time master Rip Hunter (Arthur Darvill), and the motley band of heroes and rogues he assembles to try to save the future of humanity: Hawkman (Falk Hentschel), Hawkgirl (Ciara Renee), White Canary (Caity Lotz), The Atom (Brandon Routh), Firestorm (Victor Garbor and Franz Drameh), Captain Cold (Wentworth Miller), and Heat Wave (Dominic Purcell).
“Dawn of the Justice League” will preview the upcoming DC comic book adaptation films coming out starting next year, featuring interviews with directors Zack Snyder (“Batman v Superman,” “Justice League”) and Patty Jenkins (“Wonder Woman”) and stars Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill and Gal Gadot.
Also Read: New 'Batman v Superman' Posters Show Heroes in Action (Photos)
The special will culminate in the debut of a new trailer for “Suicide Squad,” starring Will Smith, Margot Robbie, Jared Leto and Cara Delevingne.
The two DC specials will air Tuesday, Jan. 19 starting at 8 p.m. on The CW.
eBay billionaire Meg Whitman, who last week sailed to victory in the GOP primary for governor, has written her campaign another big check, this one for $20 million.
The contribution, reported Monday on the California secretary of state's website, brings her total self-contributions to $91 million, $17 million short of the record amount a wealthy candidate has put into his or her own campaign.
That record was set last year by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a multibillionaire businessman, in his successful re-election bid.
Bloomberg spent about $185 per vote.
In last week's win over state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner, Whitman spent about $56 per vote out of her own pocket.
Whitman, who will face state Attorney General Jerry Brown in November, has vowed to write checks for up to $150 million in her quest to become governor. That means she'll likely surpass Bloomberg's record sometime during the summer.
Contact Ken McLaughlin at 408-920-5552.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
It's no secret that school lunch isn't exactly healthy—Cheetos, Domino's, and funnel cake are still fair game to serve to the millions of kids that receive free food under federal breakfast and lunch programs.
A report released this week by the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine reveals which companies are profiting off of school meals. Schools buy a lot of their food, at very cheap rates, from the US Department of Agriculture—which in turn buys ingredients from private companies.
The report found that in 2013, the USDA bought over $500 million worth of food from 62 meat and dairy companies—and just six large companies accounted over half of those sales.
In addition to buying food from the USDA, schools can buy directly from private companies—and the meals have to comply with a set of regulations that went into effect last summer and require the meals to contain a certain amount of whole grains, fruits and veggies. Since then, a number of companies have reformulated their products to meet the minimum requirements, marketing supposedly nutritious options like corn dogs made with whole grain flour and antibiotic-free chicken tenders.
When the Physicians Committee reviewed ads targeting the School Nutrition Association (SNA), a professional organization representing the 55,000 school food service employees that decide which food to buy, they found that the ads were dominated by these faux-healthy foods. As they put it,
Of 106 ads for unhealthful meat and dairy products, 23 were full-page ads for Domino's or Pizza Hut pepperoni pizza. Pizza is the number-two source of calories for children and adolescents ages 2-18, according to the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. It is also the second-leading source of saturated fat and the third-leading source of sodium. A Domino's ad in one issue of the magazine even urges “Help us take a slice out of cancer,” despite the fact that a daily serving of pepperoni or other processed meat is linked to colorectal cancer risk. Similarly, women who consume the most red meat during childhood are at higher risk for developing breast cancer.
Here are a few examples of ads for “healthy” foods—pizza, mozzarella sticks, and corn dogs—from SNA's School Nutrition magazine, which came out in advance of the organization's annual conference.
I sit overlooking Cardiff Bay as seven warships, including the destroyer HMS Duncan, manoeuvre gingerly into position. They join an army of 10,000 assorted police and guards to lock down the city so that Nato can eat a banquet in Cardiff castle. Not since the Field of the Cloth of Gold can such extravagance have masked such impotence. From the castle walls, statesmen hurl empty threats at Russia and Islamic State, who are currently dismembering Ukraine and Iraq, two nations the west claimed only recently to have “liberated”. No one notices that their host, the UK, also faces dismemberment. Nato's response to a global revolt against over-centralised and insensitive states is to quaff champagne and gobble canapés.
Whatever comes of Scotland's impending independence referendum, Britain owes that country a vote of thanks. For six months it has staged a festival of democracy, an Edinburgh tattoo of argument. Not a politician, not an airwave, not a town hall, not a wall, tree or road sign is free of the debate. If, as predicted, turnout tops 80%, that is a triumph in itself. Political participation is not dead when it matters.
How would I vote? As a British citizen residing in London, I would vote no. I would be shocked at how England's rulers have incurred the loathing and distrust first of most of Ireland and then of half of Scotland. This incompetence reached its climax in the no campaign itself, the jeering, patronising, money-obsessed “project fear” designed to warn the Scots to stay close to nurse. The assumption that independence is all about cash is bad enough. Worse have been the expatriate celebrity endorsements – why have they all left home? – and scares that Scotland will lose its monarch, its missiles, its brains and the BBC, getting only poverty and terrorists in return.
I would therefore hope that a no vote might encourage London to seek some new federation for its dependencies in the “first English empire”, picking up on Herbert Asquith's 1912 “home rule for all”. The shock of the past year might warn the English establishment to embrace constitutional reform. It might put stuffing into David Cameron's empty localism and avert the humiliation of a collapsed union.
But as a Londoner I have no such vote. I have to go to Edinburgh and imagine myself a Scot. In that case there is no argument. I would vote yes.
I am sure the outcome of the referendum, whichever way it goes, will be nothing like the alarms or promises made by both sides. Pick apart the no vote's “devo-max” and the yes vote's “independence-lite”, and the practical differences are not great. Both will deliver a distinctive Scotland yet one still close to England. Whatever deal follows whatever vote, there will be joint citizens, open borders, a common currency, joint banking, arrangements on welfare, security, tax-gathering and broadcasting. Scotland may set its taxes differently, but the scope for drastic change will be limited. It can already raise or lower its income tax but has not dared to do so.
As for money, the issues are fiercely contested and wildly out of line. But the consensus appears to be that the £10.5bn net transfer to Scotland could be roughly balanced by Scotland's notional oil revenue. An independent Scotland would lose a billion a year in windfarm subsidies from English energy consumers and might have to carry over £100bn of debt. It would certainly be tough, but that is what independence is about. Poll evidence suggests that Scottish voters are unmoved by the no campaign's economic alarmism, leaving money as a matter for politicians to sort out.
I would vote yes because the no campaign has offered merely stasis. Its leader Alistair Darling's vision is of union as sole guarantor of prosperity. Yet this paternalism has trapped Scotland in dependency and lack of enterprise for half a century. Nor is it clear what his offer of devo max really means. If Scotland were able to raise more of its own taxes, the risk is that the Treasury would offset them with cuts in the subvention. Scotland might see a more adventurous future, but it would remain in political shackles.
Alex Salmond's vision is equally flawed. His socialist heaven of tax and spend, floating on a lake of oil, must be rubbish. He offers voters an extra £1,000 a head after independence, when the reality must be public sector belt tightening. Scotland's budget would lose Treasury underpinning. Its borrowing would be at risk. Its ministers would be on their mettle. Financial crisis would lead to Greek-style austerity, whereupon voters would chuck Salmond out. The Tories might even revive as the party of discipline and offshore capitalism.
I would vote yes because, though I disbelieve both Darling and Salmond, Salmond's lies would precipitate a crisis that would have to lead to a leaner, meaner Scotland, one bolstered by the well-known advantages of newborn states and more intimate governments. Scotland's whingeing and blaming of London would stop. It would be driven towards true self-sufficiency, capable of resembling Denmark, Norway, Ireland or Slovakia as a haven for fleet-footed entrepreneurs.
I have lost count of the referendum debates I have attended. They are dominated by expatriate Scots who have no intention of returning home but who enjoy telling Scotland its business from the fleshpots of London. They see union much as their grandparents saw empire, as a historical inevitability to be defended against all argument. Many are blind to the hypocrisy of deploring Britain's subservience to Brussels yet insisting on Scotland's subservience to London.
The United Kingdom really ended with the departure of Ireland in 1922. In the past half-century the drift to self-determination has been remorseless. In the 1970s, 40% of Scots saw themselves as “British”; now only 23% do. To them, arguments about currencies, subsidies and oil are not the issue. They have been debating the essence of democracy – by whom should they be ruled? They are arguing constitutions, not spreadsheets.
Most Scots know that independence could only be partial, but half-wish to negotiate it as between sovereign peoples. This craving for ever greater regional autonomy is rampant across Europe, from Spain to the Russian border. It slides into partition only when, as in Yugoslavia, central government is deaf to its demands. Whether or not Scotland votes for independence, it will have made its own decision in its own way. To that extent, it is a sovereign state in embryo.
Fresh & Easy, the grocery chain that has struggled for years in Southern California, said Wednesday that it was closing its business — but holding out hope for a buyer.
Brendan Wonnacott, spokesman for the El Segundo chain, said Fresh & Easy was starting "the process for an organized wind-down."
Fresh & Easy doesn't have enough cash and couldn't obtain financing to continue operating the business, Wonnacott said. That's despite progress made over the last two years that has moved the company "closer to break even."
The company operates 97 stores in California, Nevada and Arizona. The Southland is home to 54 locations.
Stores are being liquidated and closed over the next few weeks, according to a person with knowledge of the situation who was not authorized to speak publicly. Layoffs are starting in the corporate office next week, the person said. State-mandated WARN Act layoff notices have gone out to about 3,000 employees.
Industry experts speculated that the chain could shortly file for bankruptcy protection.
This could be the death knell for Fresh & Easy, which opened its first stores in 2007. The chain was British supermarket giant Tesco's first venture in the U.S.
From its start, Tesco trumpeted Fresh & Easy as something of a European version of Trader Joe's, offering groceries with an emphasis on fresh products, including ready-to-eat meals. Stores were about 10,000 square feet in size.
But the chain began stumbling right away.
Fresh & Easy failed to personalize its merchandise selection by neighborhood, often ran out of popular items and charged as much as 20% more for its private-label products than its name-brand counterparts, analysts said. Tesco also sunk millions into an 850,000-square-foot distribution center in Riverside County, which put enormous pressure on the chain to swiftly expand.
Analysts point to the produce wrapped in cellophane, which prevented shoppers from inspecting vegetables or buying just a single bell pepper, as a prime example of why Fresh & Easy failed: The company expected customers to adapt to its way of doing business, instead of accommodating how locals like to buy food.
"They made a big deal out of the fact that they had done all this consumer research," said Jim Hertel, managing partner of food retail consulting firm Willard Bishop. "Yet at the end of it, what they delivered is what they wanted to deliver, and the consumer didn't play ball with them in terms of changing their behavior."
Fresh & Easy's struggles also coincided with a flood of new competition in the Southland. Big-box retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target were expanding their food offerings, while niche rivals like Trader Joe's were opening new locations. Shoppers were also increasingly turning to farmers markets to get their produce. Even online giants like Amazon.com and Google have been rolling out grocery delivery.
The stiff competition quickly overwhelmed Haggen, the Pacific Northwest chain that flopped after expanding to California and other states this year. The chain also failed to stand out from rivals and angered shoppers with higher prices and pricing snafus. Last month, Haggen filed for bankruptcy protection and announced it was leaving the Golden State.
"Almost everybody in California has access to local and fresh produce because it's grown 20 miles away," Hertel said.
At a Fresh & Easy store in Alhambra, shoppers were split in their reactions to the store's closing.
Monica Garcia, 39, said she was a little disappointed but had many other supermarkets close by, including a Food 4 Less in her Boyle Heights neighborhood. The stay-at-home mom said she's noticed that prices had gone up since she started shopping there in 2012.
"I think a lot of the selection, it's not as reasonably priced," Garcia said.
But Meghana Yanamandra, 22, said she always preferred Fresh & Easy's smaller footprint to that of the nearby Target or Costco.
"It's very convenient and well-priced," she said.
Fresh & Easy never quite figured out the winning formula to stand out from all the competition, analysts said. The chain ultimately grew to 200 locations, but was always unprofitable.
In 2013, Fresh & Easy filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The chain was acquired by grocery billionaire Ron Burkle's Yucaipa Cos. with a $120-million loan from Tesco; Tesco still owns a hefty minority stake.
Under Burkle, the chain tried to find new ways to woo shoppers. In March, the chain said it was closing 50 stores and rolling out new store formats. Ideas included even smaller convenience stores and an e-commerce service that allows customers to buy groceries online and have food waiting curbside at the store.
Now, the company is hoping for a new owner willing to give it another go. But the Fresh & Easy brand is likely to die out, analysts said. Any potential buyers, such as German budget grocery chain Aldi or drugstore company CVS, will be going for the real estate.
"This is the second time somebody has essentially failed at doing this," Hertel said. "So I doubt there is very much equity left in the name itself."
shan.li@latimes.com
Bitcoin PayPal Centralizes Payment Processing For Uber And AirBnb
Understanding the way payments work is quite revealing in some cases. as it explains how a handful of companies make money off millions of transactions around the world. For example, very few people are aware of how PayPal is making a ton of money through their BrainTree hub, which is used for mobile payments by services such as Uber and AirBnb. A lot of revenue is generated for this one company powering a lot of payment options all over the world, and this type of centralization is not good news.
Also read: OmniDex: Keeping You From Getting Goxxed?
PayPal And BrainTree Power Your Mobile Payments
Very few consumers are aware of which services are responsible for processing credit and debit card payments all over the world. Especially when it comes to mobile payments, there seem to be very few companies who can gain any significant traction. BrainTree is one of the most profitable companies, which is paying dividends for overarching company PayPal.
In fact, PayPal is one of the most popular payment processing firms in the world today, thanks to their various services. Most people know PayPal itself as a way to send money all over the world by using plastic cards and bank accounts, but there is much more to this company than processing payments themselves.
Among the subsidiaries of PayPal are companies such as Venmo and BrainTree. The millennial generation will be well aware of the existence of Venmo as this solution lets users split bills and transfer money by using a mobile device. Venmo is used by various retailers around the world, including Papa John's.
BrainTree, on the other hand, is lesser known by most people, even though it is one of the most commonly used payment processors in the world. Companies such as Airbnb, StubHub, and Uber are all making use of BrainTree to process card payments, which bring additional revenue to PayPal as a company.
Distinguishing between companies and services with the same name is important. PayPal is both a payment processing company and a payment processor itself, despite having other subsidiaries which are also focusing on processing payments. At the same this, Venmo and BrainTree are bringing more functionality to PayPal as well, and these new features might be showing up on the Paypal platform in due time.
Centralized Payment Processing Companies Are Not Good
While it is interesting to note the PayPal company owns so many different payment processing tools, it is also slightly worrying to know a lot of payments are handled by the same group of people. This removes a lot of potential competition from the market, as these traditional solutions are all part of the same umbrella.
But there is some positive news for Bitcoin users, as BrainTree is accepting Bitcoin payments in some capacity. However, it remains up to individual sellers and businesses to enable the Coinbase integration into their platform, an option which is not gaining any significant traction just yet.
What are your thoughts on the PayPal company handling payments for so many different platforms? Let us know in the comments below!
Source: Techcrunch
Images courtesy of PayPal, BrainTree, Shutterstock
The Queer Irony of Ender's Game
“It's dreadfully ironic,” says Gavin Hood, director of the forthcoming film adaptation of Orson Scott Card's iconic sci-fi novel Ender's Game. “Orson wrote a book about compassion, and empathy, and yet he himself is struggling to see that his position in real life is really at odds with his art.”
When Hood set out to bring the science fiction classic to the big screen, he had no idea the movie would become a flashpoint in the battle for LGBT equality. “Frankly, that's not unusual,” he continues. “Great art usually rises above the weaknesses and failings of its creators.”
Nevertheless, the antigay views of Card, a man who once sat on the board of the National Organization for Marriage, and called for the criminalization of homosexuality, have begun to eclipse any merit his award-winning story may offer to Hollywood's pantheon of science fiction films.
The organization Geeks OUT launched its Skip Ender's Game campaign in July, urging supporters of LGBT equality to boycott the film when it lands in theatres on November 1, in hopes of sending a message that moviegoers will not tolerate antigay activism. It's a viewpoint Hood agrees with on a personal level, but he's quick to point out the controversy now surrounding the film provides an even greater opportunity to positively affect the future of LGBT equality, thanks to the conversation it sparked.
“I fully understand the position of those seeking a boycott. I really do,” says Hood. “However, let us have the conversation for what it is, which is that it's so ironic that the themes and positions in the film are completely the opposite of what its author is now saying. I think that is a healthy and important discussion to have on those terms. I would far rather engage in a debate from an honest point of view, than have it suggest that audiences may stay away.”
Those who call for a boycott of Ender's Game may note that their motivation has more to do with the artist than the art. After all, it's difficult to support a story from which an antigay activist like Card profits. But the effect of one of Card's most celebrated works may actually be to advance the message of equality.
Long before Card's personal views on homosexuality made headlines, many LGBT fans who read Ender's Game were enamored with the story. Not only is the tale a great work of science fiction, but protagonist Ender Wiggin's struggles also closely parallel a number of common experiences had by gay youth.
As the third child in his family, Ender is born an outsider in a society with strict population control laws. Though his birth is a special case approved by a government desperate to find the ultimate military leader, he still carries the shame associated with being a “Third” in a culture which enforces a two-child limit. “No one wants a Third anymore,” Colonel Graff says to Ender in the novel. “[Your parents] do love you Ender, but you have to understand what your life has cost them. They were born religious.”
Those words written in the first few pages of Ender's Game would be more than enough to make the main character's tale resonate with many LGBT people from religious families who have struggled to reconcile their sexuality with the beliefs of their loved ones. But the parallels between Ender's story and that of gay youth don't end there. In fact, Ender's tale of empowerment works best when its young protagonist is interpreted as a gay character.
With the exception of his sister, Valentine, Ender shows no affection toward females throughout the book. Though he does build a friendship with Petra, the only girl named at the Battle School he attends, their relationship is purely platonic.
Instead, he is most affectionate with his male peers like Alai, who kisses Ender on the cheek after a private exchange between the two boys one night in the barracks, and Bean, whom in turn appears to have deep affection for Ender as well.
Additionally, a number of boys in the Battle School who clash with our young hero seem to hone in on Ender's queer sensibilities by the ways in which they choose to bully him. In one scene, the character Rose de Nose lays naked on a bed as he taunts Ender with an animated, wagging penis displayed on the computer tablet resting across his waist.
But are the people behind the film aware of just how easily Ender's Game can be interpreted as a queer story?
“No doubt about it,” says producer Roberto Orci. “When I read the book, I was kind of a geeky kid. I was less of an athlete and more of a student. I definitely experienced bullying, and so I can totally imagine how Ender's journey would relate to anyone in similar circumstances, be it being bullied for the things that I was bullied for, or for who they are. I think the movie reflects that journey as well.”
Hood notes that no matter what Card believes, the people who created the upcoming film resonated with what he actually wrote.
“The story of Ender is really a young person in search of his identity and in search of his own moral compass,” says Hood. “And so for me, it is so ironic that the writer of the work that has helped so many [young] people, gay and straight, to find empowerment, to feel empowered, to find their own moral compass — it's very sad that he, himself, is struggling with these issues. But that doesn't take away from the fact that in struggling with these issues, he wrote a great book. I think what would be far more helpful is if audiences knew that the makers of this film, and the film itself, holds the polar opposite point of view to the current thinking of Orson Scott Card on gay issues.”
That self-reflective irony is a sentiment echoed loud and clear by Harrison Ford, who plays the part of Colonel Graff in the upcoming film. “The question of gay marriage is a battle that [Card] lost,” he says. “I think we all know that we've all won. That humanity has won.”
“Regardless of its author's clearly bigoted point of view on gay marriage and homosexuality, this book was worth bringing to the screen,” says Hood. “The irony is that we would not be having this conversation if we hadn't made Ender's Game, and that's the way you change societies, when you engage in meaningful conversation. So I'm thrilled we're having this conversation and it really does raise the very tricky question of, ‘Is art something that we can view of independent of its creator?'”
“As stressful as this is, it's achieving, in a twisted way, exactly what we set out to do,” Hood says. “And wouldn't it be amazing if we could turn this thing into what the book is really about?”
Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Recode.
Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Re/code by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Re/code.
A decade ago, the release of a new desktop web browser, or even a significant new version, was a big a deal. Consumers and reviewers eagerly waited for more speed, and for cool new features like tabbed browsing or address-bar searching.
But those days are gone. The last major new cross-platform desktop browser to debut was Google's Chrome, in 2008, which now leads the market. Web browsing itself has moved mostly to mobile devices, where the typical user employs the platform's built-in browser: mobile Chrome on many Android phones and mobile Safari on iPhones and iPads. (Yes, Windows fans, I know Microsoft introduced the new Edge browser last year, but it's not cross-platform.)
Web browsing has moved mostly to mobile devices
Not only that, but fewer and fewer people fire up their desktop browsers today to use their bookmarks, or to go have a look at a website's homepage and decide what to read or view. They either use apps on their mobile devices, or enter sites "sideways" via a link to a specific page they got from social media. And that webpage, article, or video often opens right inside Twitter or Facebook on a mobile device. They may never spend much time with a browser's carefully crafted user experience.
Nevertheless, there's a new desktop browser launching today. It's called Vivaldi, and it's explicitly for power users — people who like to customize their browsers to the greatest extent, who value the longest list of features. It's from Vivaldi Technologies, a company headed by Jon von Tetzchner, the ex-CEO of Opera, a browser which appeals to a similar audience.
I've been testing Vivaldi, which runs on Windows, Mac, and Linux, and I was impressed by the variety of ways it allows users to tweak their browsing experience. Some of these, like a note-taking panel and a quick way to group similar open tabs, struck me as potentially quite useful.
Vivaldi is a new desktop browser launching today
But I found that, if you use too many of these features, the overall screen gets cluttered, leaving less room for the actual content of the webpage. By contrast, competitors like Chrome and Apple's Safari have actually pared back their visible user interfaces in recent years to devote maximum room to web content.
Vivaldi, an employee-owned company based in Oslo, isn't shy about the philosophy behind its product: "While other browsers strip down their offerings, Vivaldi adds features and powerful personalization options to help the web's most demanding users increase their productivity and efficiency."
The new browser is based on Google's open-source version of Chrome, called Chromium, and doesn't claim to be any faster than Chrome, just very different. Like Chrome, it can gain power from extensions. But its aim is to offer so many features you won't need extensions.
Vivaldi says it's working on a mobile version of the new browser, and other projects designed to appeal to power users. It makes money by pre-populating bookmarks for sites for which it is an affiliate. For instance, both eBay and Booking.com get prominent visibility.
Vivaldi's aim is to offer so many features you won't need extensions
I, personally, wouldn't use Vivaldi as my primary browser. Not only is it more cluttered than I prefer, but in some of my tests it showed that it's a version 1.0 by displaying performance problems on the 2015 MacBook Pro I used for testing. In one case, a Saturday Night Live video on a Hollywood Reporter page stuttered in Vivaldi but played fine in Safari. In another, it kept losing the cursor in a Messenger conversation on the main Facebook site. So I switched to Chrome and the problems disappeared.
But I do realize that not everyone shares my taste in browsers and there are lots of folks who'd like to tweak away to their hearts' content. They can download Vivaldi for free at vivaldi.com.
The list of features in Vivaldi is way too long to discuss here, even if they all merited discussion. And not all are entirely new. But here are some of the top features, and my experience with them.
Welcome page: Right from the start, you're customizing things. You get a welcome page which walks you through three appearance settings. One gives you six options for colors and shading of the tab bar and toolbar. Another lets you move the tab bar to either top, bottom, left, or right sides. The third lets you choose colors and shading for the start page you get showing dynamic thumbnails of favorite sites whenever you open a new tab or window.
Stacking tabs: Vivaldi lets you create "stacks of tabs" by dragging two or more open tabs (not bookmarks) onto each other. The resulting tab has tiny lines at the top representing each open page and when you hover over one of the lines, thumbnails appear showing all the pages in the stack. There's also a feature that will automatically stack "similar" tabs — mainly those from the same site. I found this feature kind of handy, and might use it when I notice I have had too many individual tabs open. There's also a feature which can "hibernate" tabs that aren't actively being used, to save resources. They return to life when you click on them. This is a valuable feature.
Tab stack tiling: If you have a big enough screen, or a smaller screen and fewer tabs in the stack, you can tile them — display them in small windows within Vivaldi that come in various shapes and sizes you can choose from a menu. Even on my 13-inch Retina display, I found this feature pretty useless.
Side panel notes: Other browsers have tried side panels for various purposes. Vivaldi has several. You can view your bookmarks there, or see your downloads. But one cool use of the side panel is that you can create and store notes there. These can consist of copied sections of sites, your own typed thoughts, plus screenshot thumbnails and links, both of which quickly open the pages they represent, right from the note. I liked this feature a lot.
Side panel webpages: Vivaldi also can display in its side panel narrow, mobile versions of websites, alongside whatever site you are viewing in the main window. This makes sense for tracking things like Twitter while doing other work. But, in my tests, multiple pages rendered incorrectly in the narrow panel, which I found annoying.
Super geeky controls: A pop-up menu at the bottom of the Vivaldi screen offers a bunch of options which range from the simply geeky to the absolutely frivolous. For instance, the menu, called "Page Actions," allows you to — for some reason — view every image on a page at an angle. Or change all the fonts to monotype. Or replace the colors with Instagram-like filters, turning them sepia or monochrome. There's even an option to obscure the page so it really isn't readable. Some of these choices may make sense for some people in some scenarios. But, overall, it seems like a menu full of things to show what the developers could do.
the very existence of Vivaldi shows there's a little life left in the browser market
These are just some highlights. There are many more tweaks and customizations available. For instance, there's a deep and robust keyboard command settings panel. You can use mouse gestures to control features. The Preferences menus are long and varied.
Overall, Vivaldi claims there are "more than 1 million different ways to make Vivaldi your perfect browser."
I personally believe that, for most people, that's not the goal. But if it sounds good to you, and you're willing to put up with some birthing bugs, by all means, give Vivaldi a spin. In a world with so little major new browser development, the very existence of Vivaldi shows there's at least a little life left in the market.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 23, 2017, 4:11 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 23, 2017, 6:12 PM GMT / Source: Reuters By Alastair Jamieson and Chloe Hubbard
Bouyed by the populist wave washing across Europe, French far right leader Marine Le Pen remains the favorite to win the first round of her country's presidential election, according to polls out Thursday.
But the surveys also show Le Pen's anti-euro, anti-immigrant National Front (FN) party losing the subsequent runoff against either the center-right party candidate Francois Fillon or centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron.
Populist parties throughout Europe, energized by the election of President Donald Trump and by Britain's "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union (EU), have risen in the polls recently.
Le Pen's platform also calls for exiting the EU, stopping free movement at the French border, sending asylum seekers back to their native countries, and introducing tariffs as part of protectionist economic policies to put "France first."
It would not be the first time a Front National candidate named Le Pen made it through the first round of a French presidential election.
Le Pen's father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, won enough votes in 2002 to take on incumbent President Jacques Chirac in the second round. Le Pen lost, but the fact the National Front founder got that far stunned pollsters and journalists. It also mobilized voters, who handed Chirac a resounding reelection victory.
Chirac got 82 percent of the final vote, while Jean-Marie Le Pen garnered only 18 percent.
The latest polls that show Marie Le Pen leading are in line with a slew of other opinion surveys over the last few weeks.
A Harris Interactive poll had Le Pen leading in the April 23 first round, but in the runoff Macron is predicted to secure 60 percent against her 40 percent. Fillon would get 57 percent to Le Pen's 43 percent in the May 7 second round, it showed.
If Fillon faced off against Le Pen in the runoff instead of Macron, he would receive 55 percent against her 45 percent, a narrower margin of victory.
A separate BVA poll showed Macron beating Le Pen comfortably, by 61 percent to 39 percent, in the May 7 runoff vote.
Both polls were conducted before Wednesday evening's announcement that veteran centrist Francois Bayrou would ally with Macron. His endorsement cheered investors nervous about France's economic prospects under Le Pen.
The campaigns of both Le Pen and of Fillon, a former prime minister, have been shaken by investigations into allegations that they misused public money. Both have denied any wrongdoing.
Le Pen has been accused of paying her chief of staff and bodyguard illicitly from European Parliament funds that she is now being pressed by the assembly to repay the money.
Fillon, 62, was once the election front runner but is now engulfed in a scandal over salaries paid to his wife and children out of public funds for work they may not have carried out. He says they did do the work for which they were paid.
Macron, a 39-year-old ex-banker who has never held elected office, could benefit from his cleaner image as well as from Bayrou's endorsement.
Polls have suggested that Bayrou, 65, who has the support of about five percent of French voters, could provide Macron enough votes in a tight race and get him in the runoff.
Macron says he wants to transcend the classic left-right divide in French politics and has drawn huge crowds to rallies that easily equal those of his closest rivals.
David Schwimmer and Jim Sturgess have been cast as the leads in AMC and Lionsgate TV's upcoming drama series “Feed the Beast,” Variety has learned.
The series, based on the Danish drama “Bankerot,” centers around two best friends, Tommy Moran (Schwimmer), and Dion Patras (Sturgess) who take one last shot at their dream of opening a restaurant. “Feed the Beast” will be adapted by writer/showrunner Clyde Phillips (“Dexter,” “Nurse Jackie”), who also serves as executive producer, along with Henrik Ruben Genz, Malene Blenkov, and Piv Bernth.
“Under Clyde's creative leadership, ‘Feed the Beast' is a layered character piece and a highly entertaining story,” said Joel Stillerman, president of original programming and development for AMC and SundanceTV. “To have David Schwimmer and Jim Sturgess along with the rest of our wonderful cast bringing this story to life is incredibly exciting, and we can't wait to get started in a few weeks.”
“‘Feed The Beast' is the kind of provocative, premium quality series that has become a Lionsgate trademark,” said Lionsgate Television Group Chairman Kevin Beggs. “We're delighted to expand our relationship with the iconic Clyde Phillips, excited to work with this bold ensemble cast led by the incomparable David Schwimmer and including the incredibly talented Jim Sturgess, and thrilled to bring this fast-paced drama about food, friends and family to life with our longtime partners at AMC.”
Related AMC Eyes Moving Channels to Spain Post-Brexit 'Breaking Bad' Movie Sequel With Aaron Paul Will Air on Netflix and AMC
“David and Jim are each incredibly talented actors whose careers span theater, film and television. But more importantly, they both possess an inherent honesty and vulnerability in their craft which are essential in the flawed characters of Tommy and Dion,” said Phillips. “Their grasp of the story, and their respective characters' journeys, is something I'm very eager to dive into with them.”
Additional casting for the series includes Michael Gladis, who will play Patrick Woichik, aka The Tooth Fairy, the soft spoken, brutally intimidating local mobster with a penchant for pulling teeth; Lorenza Izzo, who will play Pilar Herrera, a woman who meets Tommy in a grief group, and is desperately searching for true love; Christine Adams, who will star as Tommy's late wife Rie Moran; John Doman, who will play Tommy's father Aidan Moran, a shrewd and ruthless businessman and unapologetic racist; and Elijah Jacob, who will play Tommy's ten year old son TJ Moran.
“Feed the Beast” is produced by AMC Studios and Lionsgate in association with Clyde Phillips Productions. The show is scheduled to premiere in May 2016 with 10 one-hour episodes. Production will begin in New York this February.
Why Dads Should Not Be Left Alone With Elf On A Shelf
Is it ok that These Dads Should Not Be Left Alone With Elf On A Shelf? This is What Happens When Dad's In Charge Of Elf On The Shelf.
For those not in the know, the Elf on a Shelf has fast become a family holiday tradition in recent years.
A day in the life of an Elf on the Shelf includes spying on children, reporting back to Santa and keeping the naughty-or-nice list in check.
Each morning, after the elf returns from it's mythical trip to the North Pole, parents place it in a different spot in the house, much to the delight of children.
But while it's role is to keep the kids in line, it's the dads who are acting out this Christmas by placing said Elf in precarious positions – and the results can be hilarious – or a little disturbing.
The idea behind Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition, is a family ‘adopts' an Elf to live in the home.
The magical little creature watches over the children before reporting on their behaviour to Santa each night.
In the morning it returns to the house, and sits in a different position.
Sourced from Facebook.com
Related articles across the web
(Visited 17,918 times, 1 visits today)
Blake is the content manager for DailyMTG.com, making him the one you should email if you have thoughts on the website, good or less good (or not good). He's a longtime coverage reporter and hasn't turned down a game of Magic in any format ever.
You're probably not even reading these words. It's okay. I understand. Who has time to read when there are awesome promo cards to look at! So why waste typing? Let's jump right in and look at some of the goodies Hour of Devastation has in store.
Planeswalker Decks
Let's start with the Planeswalker Decks. We'll be revealing the unique cards found only in the Planeswalker Decks later in preview season, but we can show you the packaging for the two decks, including the face cards—one of which you've probably already seen in the Hour of Devastation trailer. But if not, here's the trailer again!
And here are the two packages:
And here are those two cards on their own!
Promos
Now on to the juicy stuff. Before you check these cards out, I would recommend reading the Mechanics of Hour of Devastation so you know what some of these words mean!
First up, if you participate in Draft Weekend July 15–16, you can pick up this Ramunap Excavator, who does a pretty good Crucible of Worlds impression.
If you pick up a box of Hour of Devastation (while supplies last at participating stores—check with your local store for availability), you could get this devastatingly tricky Wildfire Eternal. To block or not to block? That is the question this Zombie Jackal Cleric begs you to answer.
Next up is Game Day, taking place August 5. Just for participating, you can pick up this full-art Abrade, maybe the most flexible Shatter I've ever seen.
If you make it to the Top 8 of your Game Day, you could receive this, um, adorable? Sure, adorable Cat ready to pounce.
And if you somehow win the whole darn thing? Boom—here's a playmat only for your troubles.
That's all for today! Be sure to check with your local game store to check on availability for these promos and times the events are scheduled!
Despite the opposition of the majority of the nation's Governors, President Obama is determined to import, at taxpayer expense, hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees, who despite his administration's assurances, they are totally incompetent to vet. Like most Democrats advocating suicidal policies for America, Obama attempts to seize the moral high ground, accusing critics of selfishness, racism, and turning away from American traditions like the sentiments engraved on the Statue of Liberty.
Progressives have generally fallen right in line with this. Only one lone voice, Kevin Drum at Mother Jones, has called for not mocking people worried about terrorists entering the country through the refugee process, but instead for designing a tighter, better regulated process.
Sadly, as with the Iran Deal, a number of prominent libertarian writers are supporting Obama, quoting boilerplate about the “tired and huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” Although if one reads the replies they are getting from their own libertarian readers, they are being told they are full of it. And the most libertarianish of the presidential candidates, Senator Rand Paul, has called for a moratorium on accepting Syrian refugees in the United States.
Libertarians have been defending open borders and freely given green cards, work permits, work Visas, and even permanent residency (most don't defend easy citizenship and voting rights) for some time. The libertarian Cato Institute has one nice, bright young man, Alex Nowrasteh, a recent graduate of the London School of Economics, who does nothing but publish op-eds and policy papers advocating freedom of immigration. I've never looked closely at his work, which I assume is mainly the standard completely valid arguments about the gains of trade, in this case free trade in labor. I suspect Milton Friedman‘s thoughts on free immigration are truer – that you can't have completely free immigration when you have a welfare state.
While Mr. Nowrasteh is no doubt correct that immigrants increase the GDP generally, lowering the price of software or landscaping or motel cleaning for the population as a whole, I suspect they impose high cost on specific communities where their children fill up the public schools and the whole family fills up the emergency rooms. Sacrificing some communities and the taxpayers in them to the GDP of the nation seems to me collectivist and utilitarian — the greatest benefit for the greatest number — not individualist and libertarian.
But that's about immigration generally. Not immigration in a time of terrorism. This week other libertarians — my fellow libertarians — made two sets of howlingly idiotic arguments about Syrian refugees.
There is a young Muslim libertarian writer lots of people are going to hear about one suspects. Barely out of American University, where I knew her as an undergraduate, she decided to become a political journalist despite a stereotypical Asian tiger mom's desire that she be a medical doctor. She recently shared her fears about Islamophobia on social media:
After seeing all the anti-Muslim attacks and to the extent of how far racialized Islamophobia has gone in this society, I'm reminded — once again — of my privilege as someone who is racially ambiguous. ‪#‎AmbiguouslyMusli m‬
Since I don't wear the hijab and I don't “look” Muslim, I don't hold the same fear as my friends who do. I don't have to worry about being stabbed when someone asks me if I'm Muslim. I don't have to worry about someone threatening to behead me and throw a metal trash can in the street of New York City. I don't have to worry about someone shouting slurs at me while riding on the subway. Whether you identify as Sikh, Muslim, Arab, or South Asian, please be careful in our fragile and hostile world. Your bravery and resilience inspires me.
When I told the writer I thought she had lost touch with reality (asking her where it was that a Muslim had beheaded recently by a non-Muslim), she provided me with three links to stories — of which I was unaware — of Muslims or Arabs being stabbed in the U.S. Three stories. Over the past couple of decades. The first of which, a Daily Beast article on a Muslim immigrant killed in Dallas, said “Now there's no specific evidence yet that he was murdered because he was Muslim.” He had, like many immigrants, moved into a violent, crime ridden neighborhood. Which makes it sound to me like gun control, not Islamophobia, killed him.
Likewise, the almost always brilliantly balanced house libertarian at the Atlantic, Conor Friedersdorf, chides conservative writers for whipping up anti-Muslim sentiment. We wouldn't want a racist backlash, now would we?
One marvels at the lack of cognitive contact with reality. There was no anti-Muslim pogrom after 9/11, when 3,000 people were killed in the U.S. by 19 Muslim terrorists. Where do Democrats, progressives — or libertarians — get off on guilt-tripping Americans for being concerned about letting floods of people into the country among which terrorists may be hiding, given the amazingly tolerant and liberal attitudes of Americans so far? Given that only a few decades ago a Democrat president progressives still worship as a deity was turning away boatloads of Jews fleeing Nazism while he was also putting Japanese Americans in internment camps, they have no moral right to even speak.
The other line of ludicrous libertarian argument this week is that no terrorist has ever entered the U.S. as a refugee, made by two different very nice people, both very bright, reason magazine's science writer Ronald Bailey, and also by Niskanen Center policy analyst Dan Bier in The Freeman. (Bier then also appeared Wednesday morning at a meeting of D.C. conservatives pitching his argument, and again received hostile questions.) Both were slapped by their libertarian readers, who pointed out that the Tsarnaev brothers were the children of asylum seekers. Amazingly, Bailey replied with some semantic hair splitting about what the meaning of is “is,” as did Bier at the conservative meeting. Being children of a Muslim refugee, who as children were never “vetted” by Obama's State Department, proves to Bier that the vetting works. Their readers, recognizing that in this case the blood stains on the blue dress will be blood, not other precious bodily fluids, were not persuaded.
Elsewhere some libertarians made some perfectly valid points both about ISIS aiming to make the West reject Muslims seeking freedom and that it separate Muslim refugees from Christians and other Westerners, and about Arabs being radicalized when (American, French, or Russian) bombs or drones fall on them without them having any idea why.
But none of those points explain why we should accept people who might want to kill us as neighbors, especially at taxpayer expense.
The Obama administration is now importing refugees they will place in public schools other Americans are actually legally forced to attend, to be housed on public property in many cases, and transported on public infrastructure everyone has to use (as it's a monopoly with no alternatives). These refugees aren't people brought in by local churches and synagogues or mosques who might be held accountable for their behavior. You can't sue the federal government easily. If even one tenth of one percent of a 100,000 refugees are terrorists, that's 100 terrorists — five times the number who committed 9/11 and ten times the number who just killed 120 people in Paris.
The U.S. gives Israel and Egypt each a billion dollars a year to follow America's foreign policy agenda. Rather than spend tax money to import refugees — which is bizarrely what these libertarians are defending — we could just as easily pay Turkey, or Jordan, or Pakistan, or Madagascar to accept them.
For many Costco shoppers, a trip to the warehouse store isn't complete without stopping by the lunch counter and plunking down $1.50 for a hot dog and a Coca-Cola beverage. It's the same price and pairing the company has had since 1985. But that's about to change, with Costco making the decision to switch all its stores over to Pepsi.
“It's a big shift,” Costco's VP for food services confirmed to BevNet.com [via SeattlePI]. “They're the only vendor we've ever had for the majority of the business locations.”
In some regions, Costco has already made the switch, but this announcement means that shoppers at all 400-something stores will soon be asked “Is Pepsi okay?” when they cozy up to the counter for their shop-time snack.
“You're not going to be able to please everybody,” explained the store executive, who says that Costco food courts sell 100 million hot dogs each year. “It's our job to preserve the integrity of the price point.”
The Costco VP says the change has nothing to do with the 2009 standoff between Costco and Coke, where a pricing dispute resulted in the store refusing to stock the beverage company's products for a few months.
As BevNet points out, this could be a huge coup for Pepsi, which never seems to be able to catch up to Coca-Cola's market dominance. Even if the company makes little to no profit on the deal, it will be putting 31 million more gallons of its beverages in the hands of consumers each year.
Name the Trains Contest Winners
To help get ready for the launch of the O-Train Confederation Line, the City of Ottawa ran a Name the Trains Contest from November 2 to December 8. Children and youth aged 16 and under were invited to name 40 train cars: 34 for O-Train Line 1, the Confederation Line, and six for Line 2, the Trillium Line.
With a total of 1,899 submissions, the contest proved to be a success!
After significant deliberation and review, we were able to narrow the search to 40 names. The winning submissions fell within the bounds of the contest rules, regulations and guidelines. Names had to be:
Short (maximum of 16 characters, including spaces)
Linked to trains (or train service) or have Canadian or Ottawa-related significance
Related to one or more of the below five categories: People Animals Natural world Canadian culture History
Bilingual or easily translatable (English & French)
Friendly, positive and easy to remember
The winning names will be placed on the trains.
The City of Ottawa would like to thank all children and youth who submitted names.
See the full list of winning names, in no particular order:
O-Train Line 1 (Confederation Line)
The Canada Goose
Farley Mowat
Gord Downie
Inuksuk
John McCrae
Logdriver
Lord Stanley
Louis Riel
Majestic Moose
Odawa
Poppy
Emily Carr
Snowbird
Bluenose
Boreal
Jacques Cartier
Juno
Nathan Cirillo
Normandy
Samuel de Champlain
Thomas D'Arcy McGee
Totem
Tundra
Wagosh • Fox
Acadia
Agnes Macphail
Amik • Beaver
Bertha Wilson
Billy Bishop
Eh-Train
Henrietta Edwards
Maple Taffy
The Mountie
George Brown
O-Train Line 2 (Trillium Line)
Nanuq • Polar Bear
Northern Lights
Rocket Richard
Dreamcatcher
Story highlights The 18-year veteran of the sheriff's office had met the woman while on duty
He is accused of trying to murder the woman via pills and carbon monoxide poisoning
(CNN) A 79-year-old woman's interaction with a longtime Sarasota, Florida, deputy sheriff began with a simple call for help.
It ended with that officer allegedly forging checks and attempting to kill the woman and frame it as a suicide, according to a legal affidavit and a law enforcement official.
Detective and patrol deputy Frankie Bybee was arrested on Monday and charged with grand theft, exploitation of the elderly and attempted murder, officials said.
Sarasota County Sheriff Tom Knight laid out the dramatic allegations against the 18-year sheriff's veteran at a news conference on Monday, saying his actions were a "disgrace" to law enforcement professionals everywhere.
"To use that uniform to be sent to her home to provide her help and then exploit it is unacceptable," Knight said.
Read More
Pandora is ready for you: The online radio pioneer is launching its $10 premium subscription tier this week with completely revamped apps for iOS and Android, which offer unlimited on-demand access to full albums and individual songs. And if you believe Pandora founder and CEO Tim Westergren, the new service will feel like it has known you for years.
“There is no cold start on Pandora,” Westergren told Variety during a recent interview. “Most adult Americans have used Pandora.”
More than 160 million users open the app every quarter; many millions have started their own stations on Pandora, given their favorite songs a thumbs up, or skipped over titles they didn't like. The company now wants to use all of that historic listening data to fine-tune its new premium service, and play exactly the music that its users want to hear from day one forward. “It's, in a sense, pre-curated,” said Westergren.
Using huge treasure troves of data gathered over years is a key component of Pandora's strategy for its new premium service. Others include a completely revamped design, a mixture of human expertise and machine listening to curate playlists and stations, and a less-is-more attitude that led Pandora's team to reject a number of albums available on competing services.
Related Gender Parity: Accelerating the Advancement of Women in the Workplace Spotify Goes Live in India for Some, Official Launch Pegged for Wednesday
Variety was able to preview the new service for a few weeks before its official launch, and talk to key executives about the decisions that influenced its design and feature set. The result is a close look at a completely new Pandora that is still supposed to feel incredibly familiar.
A design that's all about you
Simplicity is a mantra company executives stressed over and over again during conversations about the new service. “Most music apps still feel fairly complex,” said Pandora VP of Product Chris Becherer. And Westergren himself even suggested that there's not that big of a difference between, say, Apple Music and Spotify. “They are all more or less the same: 30 million songs and a search box.”
Pandora's new app, which can be used for both its existing radio service and its new on-demand tier, aims instead to get you started quickly, without the need to think long and hard about what you'd want to listen to. Upon launch, it automatically continues with what was playing last, and a gallery of album covers displays the most recent dozen or so albums, stations, and playlists you listened to.
Your music library is also being displayed as a list of recent plays in reverse — chronological order, not an alphabetized catalog of albums you may have added months or years ago, but not listened to ever since. And then there is the browse section, which shows a small and curated selection of new albums based on your taste — something Becherer likened to a record store that already knows you. “It's kind of like a personalized end cap display.”
No playlist or album looks quite like another: Pandora's new app takes its colors from the cover art of the song that's currently playing. Screenshot: Janko Roettgers / Variety
Personalization doesn't stop with music recommendations. For one thing, the new Pandora app automatically changes its color based on the album art of the song that's currently playing. That's a big departure for an app that used to stick to an iconic blue, and one that's emblematic of the direction the company is taking for its on-demand service, according Becherer. Users are supposed to make the app their own, and chances are that the app rarely looks the same for any two listeners.
The company plans to further personalize the app in the coming months. Soon, it will roll out personalized search that automatically suggests results based on a user's listening habits. “Most services would just rank things based on popularity,” said Becherer. Pandora instead wants to suggest things you'd actually listen to. “If you are into country music, this feels like a country music service.”
A smaller on-demand catalog, but more hits than anyone else
Here's something that you don't often hear music services brag about: Pandora will have fewer songs playable on-demand than most of its competitors — and the company's executives couldn't be prouder of it. “We have access to all that same music, but we are really applying curation,” said Chief Product Officer Chris Phillips.
Every company running a music service, be it Apple, Spotify, or Amazon, strikes licensing deals with all three major labels, plus a list of key indie label aggregators that pretty much gets them access to the same pool of music, save for a handful of exclusives here and there. However, included in those estimated 30-40 million titles are karaoke tracks, cover versions, and a ton of songs that simply try to piggyback on the success of more popular fare to make a quick buck. “There's a huge amount that's just chaff,” said Westergren — and Pandora is dead-set on not giving it any more play time.
Some of the albums that are available on competing services but didn't make the cut for Pandora include sitar renditions of popular Michael Jackson songs, a whole album of Pantera cover versions literally played with farting sounds, and, incredibly, a tribute to Beatles tribute bands. “If there are people legitimately looking for this, they will have to choose other services,” said Phillips.
One of the albums that Pandora decided to skip: “A Tribute to Tributes of the Beatles” Screenshot: Janko Roettgers / Variety
At the same time, Pandora is able to offer access to many songs not available as on-demand versions on Spotify or Apple Music. That's because Pandora is, at its core, still a radio service, and even consumers who choose to pay $10 for the ability to play entire albums will likely spend a lot of time listening to the service's personalized radio stations.
However, there are different licensing rules for these stations, which allows Pandora to stream songs from albums like Jay-Z's “The Blueprint,” Aaliyah's self-titled album, and a bunch of older Def Leppard recordings — titles that are all out of reach for Apple and Spotify. “In some ways, we have a bigger pool,” said Phillips. Granted, Pandora can't play these albums on demand either, but the service can still sprinkle them into personalized stations, which may just be the next best thing.
Human ears and algorithms that can turn any song into a station
A better selection without frustrating fakes aren't the only reason Pandora is weeding out a bunch of tracks. Pre-selection is also necessary for a key feature of the new premium service: Any album, song, or playlist can be the starting point for a new radio station.
This has been true for Pandora's existing radio service for some time, where users can simply start a station by adding an artist or song title, and then occasionally steer the selection by giving songs a thumbs up or thumbs down. This functionality has been powered by something that the company calls the Music Genome Project — an ever-expanding database that includes information about the instruments used for a song, the level of distortion, the tempo of a track, and more.
When Pandora was founded in 2000, the company hired a bunch of musicologists, musicians, and other experts to listen to each and every track and meticulously catalog them according to hundreds of such attributes. That type of analysis was already hard to scale for a radio service with around a million tracks, but it's close to impossible now that Pandora is getting its music from a pool of 30-40 million tracks.
The company has been working for a few years already on using machine learning to do some of the heavy lifting. Human curators still listen to and catalog a subset of an artist's tracks. Then, the machines take over, taking their cues from the human curation. “The technology is listening to the music and applying the same attributes,” said Phillips. And when algorithms are unsure on how to categorize something, they bump it back up to have humans give it another listen. “Every single song in our catalog is curated,” said Becherer.
A magic button that turns orphaned playlists into hours of music. Courtesy of Pandora
Having every song indexed this way also helps Pandora with another neat trick of the new service: Users can add two or three songs to a playlist, and then simply press a button to have Pandora add additional songs that would be a good match.
This feature is in part based on lessons Becherer and some of his colleagues on Pandora's product team learned when they were still at Rdio, the failed music streaming service that Pandora acquired in late 2015. “The majority of our users generated playlists with less than five songs,” Becherer recalled about his time at Rdio. Users often started an ambitious mix tape, then abandoned it, leading to what the team used to call “orphan playlists.” This new feature can help to turn those half finished playlists into full hours of listening. Said Becherer: “We are gonna save the orphans.”
Invites and incentives, but fickle investors
Pandora is going to first invite some of its heaviest users this week, and then gradually open up the new premium tier to everyone by mid-April. During this rollout, the company is going to dig deep into its usage data to identify users that might be interested in a premium offering. Users that often run into skip limits of the free service, or have built a lot of stations, may be getting invites first. And anyone who has subscribed to the company's ad-free plus tier will get six months of premium without any extra charges.
Using a free tier to recruit paying users is not a new approach for the music business. In fact, subscription industry leader Spotify has been doing it since its inception, and banked on free to grow its paid audience to more than 50 million paying customers.
Pandora's leadership believes it can do something similar, and in turn even steal some users back from Spotify — in particular users that have continued to listen to Pandora's free tier while also paying for streaming elsewhere. There are many millions of those out there, said Westergren. “Pandora can be everything for you,” said Westergren. “The only place you need to go.”
At the same time, the company is going to keep investing in its existing free radio service, which currently reaches around 90 million listeners per month. The free service isn't just a funnel, but also a complementary offering; a tier for everyone not willing to pay for a subscription. “The majority of our listeners will continue to be free, ad-supported listeners,” Westergren said.
Pandora's dual approach got a thumbs up from music industry expert and MIDiA analyst Mark Mulligan. “Pandora could be a solid success story,” Mulligan recently told Variety. “They are doing it in a very smart way.” Still, Mulligan had some doubts that Pandora could compete on a global basis with giants like Apple and Amazon. The company's investors have been fickle, sending its stock up every time an acquisition rumor emerges, and down again every time it gets squashed. Said Mulligan: “Pandora has learned the hard way that Wall Street does not like mature tech stocks.”
Westergren tried to downplay these issues. “That is just part of life as a public company.” He did acknowledge that the streaming music market will likely go through a phase of consolidation in the coming months. “You are going to see the smaller one absorbed or shutter.” But Pandora would stick around, he argued, and prosper, thanks in no small part to the new apps it rolled out this week. “The next couple years is all going to be about who is going to build a better product,” said Westergren.
With deep-pocketed industry giants, including some that can treat music as a loss leader to sell phones or other services, the fight over streaming music market share is only going to get tougher, and stealing market share from Apple and Spotify won't be easy for Pandora. Still, Westergren seemed confident that his team was ready for the fight — after all, they had 16 years to practice for this moment. “We are not starting from scratch.”
For a scathing critique of wartime morality, “Ender's Game” offers some of the coolest simulations of videogame warfare ever.
Directed by Gavin Hood (“X-Men Origins: Wolverine”) from his own adaptation of Orson Scott Card's novel of the same name, it sacrifices none of the source material's complexity in chronicling the eponymous hero's journey from trainee to commander of Earth's armies. In doing so, he's successfully crafted an allegorical film designed to attract large numbers of kids — even if many of them will miss the intricacies of its underlying message.
Asa Butterfield (“Hugo”) plays Ender Wiggin, a military trainee in a futuristic society where adults enlist children as the first line of defense against an imminent alien invasion. Chosen by Col. Graff (Harrison Ford) for Battle School because of his penchant for strategic thinking, Ender quickly rises through the ranks, but not without creating a few enemies and generally alienating himself from the others.
See photos: ‘Ender's Game' Stills: Harrison Ford, Hailee Steinfeld, Asa Butterfield
After proving himself in the academy's zero-gravity war simulator, Ender is promoted to Command School and put through rigorous training to learn how to control entire armies in combat situations. But as the stakes for his simulations intensify, he begins to question whether the complete and total destruction of his enemies – even if it's to eliminate future conflicts – is truly the best strategy that he can use.
Although it utilizes the same hero's-journey boilerplate that provided the foundation for everything from “Star Wars” to “Harry Potter,” “Ender's Game” seems to come by it honestly, at least insofar as Ender goes through real tribulations, physical and philosophical, to earn his spot as “The One.”
See video: Harrison Ford Introduces First ‘Ender's Game' Footage
Ostracized for being the third kid in a world that mandates two per family, he embodies the balance between his brother Peter's aggression and sister Valentine's compassion, and Graff repeatedly tests not only his body, but his problem-solving abilities, and perhaps most importantly, his resolve in the face of adversity.
Thanks to Hood's sophisticated adaptation of Card's source material, there's much topically to appreciate from an adult perspective, not the least of which being the questionable morality of a pre-emptive military strike. But like a disillusioned adolescent discovering that his parents lie, Ender experiences a powerful epiphany when he discovers that his superiors' efforts to protect him from the repercussions of his actions have made him blind to the moral and emotional weight of his sacrifice-for-the-common-good strategies.
Also read: ‘Ender's Game' Author Orson Scott Card Responds to Boycott: Calls Gay Marriage Issue ‘Moot'
Reunited with cinematographer Don McAlpine, with whom he collaborated on “Origins,” Hood seems more confident tackling this big-budget opus than his previous one, skillfully navigating his character through the grown-up complexities of training exercises which outwardly seem like child's play. That said, those deeper themes occasionally make the film feel like a bit of a joyless slog, and even at two packed hours, some of the mythology of this kid-based, futuristic world feels rushed.
As a young man placed in charge of responsibilities much bigger than himself, Butterfield struggles with his character's destiny about as well as a child actor can, lending him the right notes of naiveté when necessary without undermining his believability as the most formidable military mind in the seventh grade.
Meanwhile, Ford offers a perfect foil in Graff (more like gruff!) for Ender's developing maturity, applying the stick and the carrot in equal measures to simultaneously build confidence and nurture his leadership skills.
See video: ‘Ender's Game' Trailer: Asa Butterfield, Hailee Steinfeld Are a ‘New Kind of Soldier'
Bolstered by solid performances and a clean, elegant visual style, Hood ultimately delivers a film that actually earns the distinction of being for audiences of all ages.
But he accomplishes this insurmountable task not by successfully tapping into his adult viewers' inner children but by appealing to children's inner adults — not quite asking them to grow up, but just begin to consider the more complicated world that lurks out on the horizon.
Ultimately as much a polemic as tentpole entertainment, “Ender's Game” is a rare example of filmmaking with a scalpel at a scale that usually demands a hatchet.
You want a vision for the future of health care? Don't look to policymakers and regulators. Look to innovators and innovations. Look to San Diego's wireless mesas and San Francisco's silicon valleys. Look at Scanadu's protean medical Tricorder. They get it, and it's awesome. Watch their one-and-a-half-minute video before reading on.
Scanadu's vision embraces patient-centric healthcare as a personal information service, in your control – in your hands – amplified by the Cloud. It is the key to unleashing the power of social medicine. Welcome to the future of healthcare.
Of course we can already use social media, whether Facebook [NASDAQ:FB] or its health-centric cousins like PatientsLikeMe, to “friend” within a subject domain (symptoms, questions). But what we hunger for are hard facts about our personal medical problem that we can share with the best medical expertise. Enter Scanadu and the Tricorder.
Scanadu is competing for the Qualcomm [NASDAQ:QCOM] Tricorder X-Prize I wrote about earlier this year. (See New Era of Metadata Medicine) The underlying DNA of Scanadu is illuminated by the newest member of their impressive team, Canadian Peter Jansen, a polymath with a background in astro and optical physics, cognitive artificial intelligence, and medical imaging. Jansen's talents speak volumes about the kind of imaging and information processing that will change the face of medicine. Jansen says “medicine must become an information science.” Amen to that.
And, to digress briefly, read Dr. Eric Topol's exquisite book, The Creative Destruction of Medicine: How the Digital Revolution Will Create Better Health Care, if you want to gain insight into medicine's future. I'm embarrassed to note I failed in my earlier column on the Tricorder X-Prize to highlight Topol, Director of Scripps Translational Science Institute. Topol was on stage with Qualcomm CEO Jacobs when the X-Prize was announced at the Consumer Electronics Show this past January. Topol is doubtless the key visionary behind this X-Prize.
The underlying technologies that will remake healthcare should be increasingly familiar. It is the holy alliance of three profound macro trends: a) smart sensors that are radically effective and cheap, b) anytime everywhere wireless broadband, and c) the Cloud. All can be realized in the form of a Tricorder-like appliance in consumers' hands that is linked to massive medical data and expertise in the Cloud. Today any of us can access more compute power than what was available to secret military programs using dedicated supercomputers just two decades ago.
Symptoms, images, vital-signs data -- these can be sifted and correlated with exabytes of other relevant data at next to no cost. Who doesn't immediately Google on their iPhone or iPad questions about symptoms these days when one, or one's loved one is ailing? The hand-held Tricorder just takes the smart phone to another plateau (and one day they merge). Tricorder sensors will augment your questions with your real-time and historic medical information. What exactly is this blemish? How serious is this cut? Do I have an infection or virus?
With logic and storage virtually free, game-changing innovation now resides in developing sophisticated, often unstructured analytic software that can put two-and-two together, using your specific vital signs and diagnostic facts combined with the universe of information across all relevant medical, environmental, location and demographic domains. That was a key application IBM [NYSE:IBM] had in mind with the intuitive algorithms underlying the Watson supercomputer that beat human competitors in the 2011 Jeopardy PR stunt. (See my earlier columns on Watson and on unstructured data analytics from the likes of Splunk [NASDAQ:SPLK].)
This doesn't cut the doctor out or the hospital. But it does empower citizens themselves to make decisions, and helps physicians and hospital staff see or make rapid and early diagnostics thus minimizing spurious and expensive visits. Ask a doc. The speed that symptoms are diagnosed can save your life.
As we push more knowledge and control back to consumers – keeping otherwise largely healthy people away from expensive facilities – people become healthier and happier, and costs will come down. The Tricorder capabilities will also enhance outpatient monitoring and care -- the latter perhaps the most challenging Achilles' heal buried in medical costs. (Scanadu's video doesn't go there … their Tricorder will.)
All of the symptoms and vitals -- temperature, pressure, blood and urine analysis, etc. –- can yield to powerful, inexpensive imagers, sensors and tiny MEMS-based and nanotech-enabled diagnostic engines that are embedded or can be easily plugged into a port. And it will be as easy to use as your iPhone.
And imagine too a Tricorder that can ‘x-ray' without ionizing x-rays using instead high-resolution ultrasound (GE's machine is already briefcase-sized), and terahertz (THz) imaging. Producing bizarre (and safe) THz rays required exotic and bulky laser-based generators until just last month when a University of Texas at Dallas team announced that they found a way to do it with the same cheap silicon process used to make your digital camera chip.
I'm waiting for the next Scanadu video to push the envelope. Imagine incorporating Zephyr's smart fabric sensor technology for easy real-time tracking of ECG, heart rate, breathing, temperature, activity and posture. This is serious and exciting stuff. Check out for example the University of Southern California's Center for Body Computing … need one say more than is contained in the title? Their www.everyheartbeat.org project, again titularly self-explanatory, is a great example, and only a first step. These are the technologies which personalize your critical medical vitals via a Tricorder and that, when combined with social media, will unleash the potential inherent in “social media medicine.”
Institutions like the Mayo Clinic Center for Social Media are already setting the stage by studying and facilitating the Facebook aspect of the health revolution. (See an intriguing article in Nature regarding PatientsLikeMe.) But it will be the Scanadus of the world that unlock the enabling part, the hard part: useful real-time personal health information.
Lots of folks are chasing this dream – both for riches and for the satisfaction of changing medicine. It's Topol's dream too: “There will be titanic changes ahead – medicine can and will be rebooted and reinvented one individual at a time.”
The Tricorder, and all those like Scanadu in the Valley and on the Mesas, will create what Topol calls the hyperpersonalization of health care. Read his book. Watch Scanadu's video. All ahead Warp Speed. <>
In the Light of these 2 articles listing The 10 Best Industrial Bands and Top 11 Influential Minds of Industrial Metal we felt compelled to make another list!
Because we thought some of the ones in the list did not make so much sense(Marilyn Manson? Come on…)
There is more people out there ofcourse that had a huge impact on the industrial scene not mentioned here or in the above articles (like Nitzer Ebb and Front 242 for example) but these one´s below are some we thought a little extra of and that dont get enough attention in similar lists.
Let us know what you think! Comment below or blabber with us on Twatter!
The Most underrated industrial influential
people/bands (in no particular order):
(UPDATE: Here´s Part 2)
Tim Skold
This Swedish guy has been around without making too much of an impact in a way and are maybe more known to musicians than fans. This multi instrumentalist with a career spanning from Shotgun Messiah, via KMFDM(and MDFMK) and Marilyn Manson!
Sköld's involvement with Marilyn Manson began as producer for the single “Tainted Love“, which is featured in the 2001 teen comedy/parody movie Not Another Teen Movie and appeared on the soundtrack. Manson and Sköld went on to score the movie Resident Evil, released in 2002. Several tracks are featured on the Resident Evil movie soundtrack.
Sköld officially joined Marilyn Manson in 2002 after the departure of bassist Twiggy Ramirez. At this time, not only was Sköld the bassist for the band, but he was also producing, editing, creating artwork, electronics, programming drums and beats, playing guitar, keyboards, accordion and synthesizer bass for the album The Golden Age of Grotesque.
Click Click
Click Click is a British electro–industrial music band.
Click Click formed in 1982 by Adrian Smith, and Derek E. Smith, after the end of their previous rock project “Those Nervous Surgeons” (which formed in 1976 with bassist Tim Wilson). When Wilson bought their first synthesizer, (an EDP Wasp), the direction of the group changed so dramatically, they renamed themselves.
In 1982, the group acquired guitarist Richard Camp from another band and thus the first experimental synth-rock incarnation of Click Click was born. They cut their first single later that year, but Camp departed over creative issues and formed a blues band.
Influenced by artists such as Brian Eno, Cabaret Voltaire, The Residents and Frank Zappa, and of course Blade Runner, Clive Barker and “mind-expanding” substances, Click Click continued on with other revolving members down a more electronic path until their eventual break up around 1990. Other members included guitarist Jon Morris, who was replaced by Graham Stronach in 1987, and Pete Hosier who remained with the group until the end.
After a 7 year hiatus, Adrian and Derek reformed briefly in 1997 to record Shadowblack on the OffBeat label. The album was more EBM than their earlier work and almost completely instrumental. It was greeted with overall positive reviews within the underground music scene. Due to the member's volatile relationship however, the band split again in1998, with no current plans for another reunion.
A Click Click vinyl release was issued on NYC-based Sonic Groove Records in 2004, but it is most like that only Adrian was involved, but that is still unclear. Throughout the 2000s, Adrian has been involved with Paperhouse, a darker ambient soundtrack project. Nothing has been released publicly, aside from a few odd compilation appearances, but at least 4 CD-R releases are known to exist: Bug Sun, Sappho, Frey, and Sammlung. In addition, three Click Click CD-Rs surfaced offering odd unreleased and remixed material: Lung Function, Crushed, and Behind Dark Glasses.
The summer of 2008 brought the news that Click Click's back catalogue would be available again, this time via various download platforms including iTunes. The material will come in remastered versions and will also include the early catalogue. Lung Function, a compilation of remastered singles, was released on iTunes, Amazon digital service and eMusic in 2008.
Raymond Watts
Raymond Watts (also known as Nainz, Nainz Watts, and Ray Scaballero) is the founding and sole member of the post-industrialmusic project PIG, sometimes written as <PIG>.
Watts was an early member and periodic collaborator of KMFDM, and has been a visible part of the industrial music scene since the early 1980s. He has toured with KMFDM, Nine-Inch Nails, Schaft, Schwein, and Einstürzende Neubauten.
According to the official website, PIG is currently in the studio recording a new album with Marc Heal. Watts, Dr. Shinto and John Gosling released a four-song EP Titled Mellan Rummen on November 15, 2010 on Amazon.com
On June 8, 2012 Marc Heal revealed a demo version of “the first new PIG track in eight years” entitled “Drugzilla (Rough As A Hog's Arse Mix)” via Cubanate‘s Official Facebook page and providing their followers a link to his personal SoundCloud page. The link was reposted by Watts a few hours later. A second demo entitled Shake was released on July 15, 2012; again via Heal's Soundcloud page, this time also noting Dan Abela as engineer.
Jim Thirwell
Thirlwell was born in Melbourne, Australia. He briefly studied Fine Art at Melbourne State College (now part of the University of Melbourne) before moving to London, England in 1978, where he played with the post-punk band prag VEC and formed the first of his numerous musical projects, Foetus. In the 1980s, under the pseudonyms Clint Ruin and Frank Want, he contributed to various releases by Nurse With Wound, Marc Almond, The The and Nick Cave. He released his first 7″ single, OKFM/Spite Your Face, in 1981, on his own Self-Immolation record label in his first incarnation as Foetus. Over the next few years, he would release two more singles, a 12″ EP, and four full-length albums, Deaf, Ache, Hole (his first release on Some Bizzare Records) and perhaps his most seminal album from that period: Nail released in 1985. After visiting the United States during a live stint with the Immaculate Consumptive (Lydia Lunch, Nick Cave and Marc Almond) Thirlwell settled in New York City, where he is still based. Since his move he has released several singles, fourteen EPs (including Stinkfist, with fellow New York artist Lydia Lunch and Thurston Moore), and seventeen full-length albums.
In addition to being a prolific artist in his own right, Thirlwell has remixed and produced numerous pieces for artists including Nine Inch Nails, Pantera, Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, The The, Zola Jesus and Swans. He has also done voice-over work for MTV and other entities.
Since 2000 Thirlwell has become more active as a composer, having written commissions for Bang on a Can, League of Electronic Musical Urban Robots and Kronos Quartet, and scoring the Adult Swim cartoon The Venture Bros. He also revived his primary instrumental project, Steroid Maximus, and initiated a more experimental instrumental project in Manorexia. He continues to write and perform regularly as a solo artist and with various ensembles. He is also a member of the freq_out sound art collective, and has created solo sound installations in Kaliningrad, Santarcangelo and Vienna.
Musical projects
Foetus: Thirlwell's main project. From 1990 until 2010's ‘Hide', most Foetus songs featured lead vocals. Though popularly known as simply “Foetus”, Thirlwell released albums under diverse variations of the name, including: Foetus Art Terrorism; Foetus Über Frisco; Foetus Corruptus; Foetus In Excelsis Corruptus Deluxe; Foetus Inc.; Foetus Interruptus; Foetus Over Frisco; Foetus Under Glass; Philip and His Foetus Vibrations; Scraping Foetus Off the Wheel; The Foetus All-Nude Revue; The Foetus of Excellence; The Foetus Symphony Orchestra; and You've Got Foetus On Your Breath.
Youth (Martin Glover)
His Butterfly Records label has produced such artists as Take That, Wet Wet Wet, Tom Jones, The Orb, Maria McKee and Heather Nova. Youth was the co-producer of The Verve‘s Urban Hymns and Dolores O'Riordan‘s ‘Are You Listening?'.
He also worked, produced and remixed for other bands including Guns N' Roses, Primal Scream, Embrace, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Art of Noise, Crowded House, Zoe, P.M. Dawn, Yazoo, Erasure, U2, Bananarama, INXS, James, Suns of Arqa,Wet Wet Wet, Depeche Mode, The Shamen, Misery Loves Co., Texas, Dido, Dolores O'Riordan, Gravity Kills and Fake?.
Glover is credited with founding the first psychedelic trance record label, Dragonfly Records. Youth formed other record labels such as Liquid Sound Design and Kamaflage Records. He is well known on the psychedelic trance scene and participated in collaborations such as Celtic Cross with Simon Posford and Saul Davies, Dub Trees with Greg Hunter and Simon Posford, and Zodiac Youth.
He performed both full-on trance and chill-out DJ sets at several Returns to the Source parties and released a mix album, Ambient Meditations 3 on their label in 2000. His Butterfly Studios were also home of the Return to the Source offices circa 1999 – 2002.
He is most famous for being the bass player in Killing Joke. Glover had also made plans to work with Duran Duran in the later stages of their lost album, Reportage, before it was shelved later in 2006.
He is a member of the band Transmission with Simon Tong of The Verve, Paul Ferguson of Killing Joke and Tim Bran of Dreadzone. He has also played guitar on several tracks on the 2007 Client album “Heartland.” In 2008 he produced the Delays album Everything's the Rush, the Futureheads‘ This Is Not The World and worked on the debut album ofAmerican band The Daylights.
In mid-2010 Martin Glover teamed up with Alex Paterson (The Orb) to compile a retrospective compilation album of tracks from the WAU! Mr Modo label. The album titled “Impossible Oddities” was released on CD and double vinyl on 25 October 2010 via Year Zero records.
On 27 October 2012, during the International Festival of Music Producers and Sound Designers SOUNDEDIT, he received The Man with the Golden Ear Award.
In 2013, Glover produced the debut album Collective by the DIY indie rock band Echotape followed by Meteorites by Echo and the Bunnymen, and Lion by Peter Murphy, both set for release in 2014.
Christopher J. Connelly
Chris Connelly (born 11 November 1964) is a Scottish musician who became famous for his industrial music work of the late 1980s and early 1990s, particularly his involvement with the Revolting Cocks and Ministry. He has since established himself as analternative singer-songwriter. His vocal style has been comparedto that of Scott Walker and David Bowie.
In 2008, Connelly published a memoir of his early years in the music industry, Concrete, Bulletproof, Invisible, and Fried: My Life As A Revolting Cock (ISBN 0946719950). It describes his professional debut in Finitribe, meeting Al Jourgensen in London, his involvement with the Revolting Cocks, Ministry, PTP, Acid Horse, Killing Joke, and Pigface, and the development of his solo career.
En Esch
En Esch, born near Frankfurt, is a studied orchestra percussionist, drummer, programmer, producer, guitarist and singer. He was a member of the German industrial rock group, KMFDM, from 1985 to 1999, during which time he contributed to ten studio albums and more than a dozen singles as musician, composer and producer.
Sascha Konietzko claims to have given Esch his nickname because the latter felt that his real name was inappropriate for the stage. It is derived from the German pronunciation of his initials (N.S. is pronounced En Esch in German). Esch lived in Germany until 1992, when he moved to Chicago to join Konietzko, who had moved there a year earlier.
It was at this time that Esch first worked with Pigface, whom he also toured with in the early 1990s. He released a solo album, Cheesy, in 1993. A few years after that, Esch moved to New Orleans.
When KMFDM temporarily broke up in 1999, Esch briefly worked with the band Pizza Whore, which changed its name to Barely Legal, and included Trixie Reiss of The Crystal Method. The band didn't last, and Esch began traveling to Canada to visit Günter Schulz, the former KMFDM guitarist. They formedSlick Idiot, and released their first album in 2001. They have released two more albums under that moniker since then.
Esch has since begun working actively with Pigface again, joining them on tour in 2005.
Esch was rumored to be the replacement lead singer of industrial group Rammstein, but this turned out to be a hoax.
In 2007, he began collaborating with fellow German musician Mona Mur. The two released the album 120 Tage in February 2009, and toured together in support of the release over the next two years. Esch and Mur joined Schulz, Raymond Watts, and Mark Durante to perform at the Wax Trax! Retrospectacle in Chicago, a charity event celebrating the industrial music label, and performed KMFDM songs from the 1990s.A second album by the duo of Esch and Mur was released in 2011. Esch currently resides in Berlin.
(UPDATE: Here´s Part 2)
Guess what's giving sleepless nights to chief minister Trivendra Singh Rawat?
No, it's not a security threat from any terror organisation and neither is it because of any political decision that he has to take.
No Dodging The Numbers (As per HSI dog population survey) Strays in districts- Dehradun: 24,000 ; Nainital: 770; Mussoorie: 969
Dogs sterilised- Dehradun: 4,312; Nainital: 400
Man:Dog ratio
Big cities (Dehradun and Haridwar) 29:1
Small cities (Mussoorie, Nainital, Haldwani and others) 49:1
It is the stray dogs near CM's residence that are giving sleepless nights to Rawat and his security staff. The situation is so bad that a letter has been issued from CM's residence to Humane Society International (HSI) urging it sterilise the dogs in Dehradun Cantt area. HSI is an international organisation that works on animal protection issues around the world.
“A letter was issued from CM's residence demanding to conduct sterilization (of stray dogs) near his house immediately. As per the letter, the dogs gather on the main road at night and create ruckus causing difficulties for the security staff,” an officer requesting anonymity told Hindustan Times.
The letter from CM's residence comes even as an Army officer was booked for allegedly beating three stray dogs to death and injuring two others in Garhi Cantonment area. The Army has reportedly initiated a court of inquiry following the incident.
The two incidents are not isolated. People in the state capital have been complaining about the rising number of stray dogs. As per the latest estimates of HSI, Dehradun municipal area is home to nearly 24,000 stray dogs. This figure has grown by nearly 4,000 since October, 2016, when HIS had started sterilisation of dogs at Animal Birth Control (ABC) Centre in Kedarpuram area. Since then it has successfully operated 4,312 dogs.
As per the official estimates, a man-dog ratio of 29:1 has been reported in cities such as Dehradun and Haridwar, which is extremely high. The ratio also takes into account the pets. It is little better in smaller cities such as Mussoorie and Nainital where 49:1 man-dog ratio was recorded. The HIS estimates the number of stray dogs in Uttarakhand at about 3 lakh.
The HSI now has also started carrying out sterilisation operations in Nainital and Mussoorie too. The tourist destinations reported 770 and 969 stray dogs, respectively, as per last year's survey. In less than a month after being inaugurated, the ABC Centre in Nainital has successfully sterilised 400 dogs.
“The government is supportive and the centre is completing the target at an exceptional rate,” Gauri Maulekhi, member, state ABC monitoring committee, said.
The Doon Hospital, which is now attached with Doon Medical College, reports at least 30 dog bite cases every day. “We are receiving an average of 30 dog bite cases each day,” Dr Sadiq Umar, skin specialist at the hospital said.
Explaining the gravity of the stray dog menace, Mahesh Bhandari, president Doon Resident Welfare Front, said, “Strategic sterilisation started few months ago. It will take time to control the population. Meanwhile, residents are facing the heat. The condition is so bad that people even fear coming out of their own houses.”
First Published: May 19, 2017 09:07 IST
A dose of Monday Night Football helped set a new single-day light rail ridership record on Monday, Oct. 3.
There were a combined 122,529 rides on the METRO Green and Blue lines on that day, surpassing the previous single-day light-rail ridership record of 117,063 rides set on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2016.
The Oct. 3 total includes 66,018 Green Line rides – also a single-day record – and another 56,511 Blue Line rides.
Ridership got a boost on Sept. 1 from fans traveling to Twins, Vikings, Gophers and Saints games. On Oct. 3, the Vikings played the New York Giants at the new U.S. Bank Stadium.
Around a quarter of Vikings fans are taking light rail to games this season.
The Green Line is finding success outside of special events, too.
Average weekday ridership in September was 46,109, the highest monthly average since the Green Line opened in June 2014. The average weekday projection for 2030 was 41,000 rides on the Green Line.
There were just over 1.2 million Green Line rides in September, the third highest monthly total since service began (there were 1.3 million rides in October 2015 and 1.25 million rides in September 2015).
There have been 9.4 million Green Line rides through the end of September, up almost 5 percent compared to the same time last year.
Learn more about service to U.S. Bank Stadium at metrotransit.org/vikings.
Texas | People COMBAT OVER TEXAS
America's First Combat Sortie
Took Place April 20, 1915,
in Brownsville, Texas Aviation Pioneers
Byron Q. Jones & Lt. Thomas D. Milling by Dan Heaton K itty Hawk, North Carolina. Dayton, Ohio. North Island Naval Station in San Diego. And Brownsville, Texas.
No listing of the key locations in the early days of flight – particularly the development of military air power – would be complete without a reference to the southern Texas city of Brownsville. It was from there that America's first combat mission was flown, way back in 1915. The Army had created the 1st Aero Squadron about two years earlier, but in 1915, the terms ‘military' and ‘air power' were like a couple of shy kids on opposite sides of the gym at the 8th grade dance.
Jones was at the controls of a flight in a fragile aircraft that took off from Fort Brown on April 20, 1915, in an effort to determine where the revolutionary forces of Francisco “Pancho” Villa were staging in the Mexican city of Matamoros. With Jones was another aviation pioneer, Lt. Thomas D. Milling, who was holding a map and a pencil during the flight, in the hopes that he could sketch in where the Mexican troops were that day. Byron Q. Jones shortly after he graduated from West Point in 1912.
U.S. Army photo
Lt. Thomas DeWitt Milling
U.S. Army photo
Following a course of instruction at the Wright Bros. Flying school in 1911, Milling helped organize Army aviation schools at College Park, Md., and Augusta, Ga. From 1917 to 1919, Milling was in charge of air service training in Europe, and also was chief of staff of the air service of the 1st Army with the American Expeditionary Force. He retired in 1933, but was recalled to active duty in 1942 during World War II. He died in 1961 and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. The 1915 flight was far from the first time that Brownsville and Fort Brown were on the front lines of combat. Several battles had been fought in and around the area in the 1800s during the Texas Revolution, the Mexican-American War and the U.S. Civil War. (Fort Brown was the site of the controversial “Brownsville Raid” in which it was alleged that black soldiers from the fort had raided the town one night. As a result, 168 black soldiers were discharged from the Army “without honor.” A subsequent Army review of the event in the 1960s – after all but two of the 168 former soldiers were deceased – overturned that decision and restored the “honor” of the soldiers in question.)
In 1915, the Texas region was under the command of Major Gen. Frederick Funston. Already a Medal of Honor holder from actions in the Philippines in 1899, Funston had also won accolades and national esteem for his command of Army forces in San Francisco when the famed 1906 earthquake rocked that city. Had it not been for a fatal heart attack in early 1917, many at the time believed that it would have been Funston, not John J. Pershing, who would have commanded U.S. forces in World War I. Major Gen. Frederick Funston
Photo courtesy Kansas State Historical Society
Major General Frederick Funston had won the Medal of Honor for his actions while engaged in the Philippines with the U.S. Army in 1899. In 1906, he had been in command of the Presidio in San Francisco and essentially took command of that city after the famous earthquake, though martial law was never declared. Funston was considered by many to be the most likely candidate to take command of the American Expeditionary Force, later commanded by Pershing, in World War I. Funston suffered a fatal heart attack in January 1917, a few months before the U.S. declared war and entered World War I. His body would lie in state at the San Francisco City Hall and he was then buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Funston ordered the 1st Aero Squadron at Brownsville to perform reconnaissance along the Rio Grande and report back to him. After arriving at the base, uncrating and assembling their aircraft, the men of the 1st were ready.
On the morning of April 20, Jones flew the unit's first mission from Fort Brown, taking off from the west end of the Cavalry parade & training grounds at the fort. His first mission was uneventful and after he landed, a second mission was planned for the afternoon. That both the morning and the afternoon missions both got off the ground at all was somewhat remarkable in itself. In those days, the Army had about a 50 percent success rate of actually launching planes, given the fragile and unreliable nature of the early machines. A Curtiss JN-3 in Mexico with the 1st Aero Squadron. The date is unknown, as are the individuals in the photo. The aircraft Jones and Milling were flying along the border in 1915 was a Martin body with a Curtiss engine. At that time, aircraft were not the standardized pieces of equipment they are in today's military. U.S. Air Force photo Jones and Milling clearly were the right men for the job. Earlier in 1915, Jones, a West Point graduate, had set endurance records as a solo pilot and as a pilot with passengers. Later that year he would successfully (and intentionally) perform the first aerial loop and become the first pilot to intentionally stall his aircraft and put the aircraft in a tail spin – and live to tell about it. Milling was one of the most experienced air men in the Army. He had been sent to the Wright Brothers flying school in Dayton in 1911 and had been the first man to receive a Military Aviator Certificate from the Army. He held the 30th pilot license issued in the world.
Jones and Milling climbed aboard their Martin aircraft with a Curtiss “pusher” engine (the propeller was in the rear and “pushed” the aircraft), and the two men began to determine the where-abouts of Villa's forces.
Pancho Villa
U.S. Army photo
Pancho Villa was a Mexican revolutionary, who eventually took over the state of Chihuahua in Mexico. Given that Chihuahua bordered the U.S., conflict was inevitable. In his early years, he was supported by the U.S. government, even invited to meet with Gen. Pershing at Fort Bliss in Texas. That relationship eventually soured and the U.S. launched an expedition into Mexico in 1916 to eliminate Villa's army. Many of his senior leaders were killed during the 1916 campaign and his army was scattered. Villa survived and remained an active player in Mexico, until he was assassinated in 1923. His legal name was José Doroteo Arango Arámbula. About 15 minutes into the flight, the U.S. aircraft drew the attention of Villa's forces, who opened fire with at least one machine gun, as well as small arms. Jones was able to maintain his composure under fire. He opened the throttle and nosed up, climbing to 2,600 feet to avoid the gunfire. He maneuvered away from the river and was able to return safely to Fort Brown.
Jones' official Army biography sums up the combat adventure succinctly: “He was the first American pilot fired upon, flying over the river at Brownsville, Texas, by Mexicans using machine guns on the Mexican side of the river.” A Texas state historical marker at Fort Brown also memorializes the event.
A couple of weeks after the historic flight by Jones and Milling, the detachment of airmen were returned to San Diego for more training. Later, during the 1916 expedition into Mexico, the 1st Aero Squadron returned to Texas and moved into Mexico. There, still hampered by the aircraft of the day, their primary value was in speeding communications between Pershing in the field and his headquarters back in Colombia, N.M.
Milling participated in the Mexican Expedition as part of the 1st, but Jones received different orders. With the Army still trying to figure out how to get the most out of its aviation assets, Jones was assigned to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a student, where he earned a graduate certificate in aeronautics.
Milling retired from the Army in 1933, but was recalled to active duty during World War II. Following the war, he retired as a colonel. After his retirement, he was retroactively promoted to the grade of brigadier general.
Jones remained on active duty through 1944. In the late 1930s, he transferred out of the Air Corps and back into the Cavalry branch of the Army. He retired as a colonel. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. © Dan Heaton
"They shoe horses, don't they?"
June 6, 2012 column
Dan Heaton is a member of the Michigan Air National Guard. His book, Forgotten Aviator: The Byron Q. Jones Story, is now available from Branden Books.
Related Topics:
Texas Aviators
WWII
WWI
People
Texas
Online Magazine
Columns Related Topics:
People | Texas | Online Magazine | Features | Columns |
Custom Search Book Hotel Here - Expedia Affiliate Network CITY SEARCH
Forgotten Aviator: The Byron Q. Jones Story
Order Here
(Adds quotes, details)
By Dan Whitcomb
LOS ANGELES, March 9 (Reuters) - Its image is mostly that of rich California housewives, multimillion-dollar beach mansions and Disneyland, but Orange County has been hit so hard by recession that some of its food banks say they are swamped and struggling to feed the hungry.
In fact food banks in Orange County, which has been portrayed as an oceanfront playground for the wealthy on such TV shows as “The O.C.” and “The Real Housewives of Orange County,” were reporting demand had increased 40 to 60 percent since June of 2008.
“Our donations have not in any way, shape or form kept pace with the skyrocketing need in Orange County,” Orange County Food Bank Director Mark Lowry said. “I've been here for over 20 years and while we've seen challenging times, I've never seen such a dramatic increase in need.”
Lowry said the demand has become so “overwhelming” that he has been forced to stop donating to any new organizations.
“A week and a half ago we just said ‘enough.' We simply don't have enough resources at the moment to meet the needs of the community,” he said.
Officials say the spike in those going hungry is one more symptom of the worst economic slump since the early 1980s, which is hitting parts of California's third-most populous county hard despite a median income of more than $70,000.
“Demand has skyrocketed so quickly,” Monica Horner, development manager of Second Harvest Food Bank, told Reuters in an interview. “I've been here for eight years and I've been talking to my colleagues and this is the most widespread, rapid increase we've seen.”
“It's considered to be one of most affluent places but we've always had a hunger issue here, it's just been very well hidden. The scary part is that it can happen to anyone now,” Horner said. “People are being laid off, seniors relying on retirement are finding that slashed.”
Horner said that her food bank, which serves some 400 member agencies across the county including shelters, rescue missions, church pantries and homes for abused women and children, has so far been able to keep up.
The Orange County Register newspaper reported that the Catholic Charities center in Santa Ana has already served almost as many people as it did all last fiscal year and was forced to cut its hours from five days a week to three. (Editing by Eric Walsh)
Lex Luthor: Man of Steel (later collected as simply Luthor) is a five-issue monthly American comic book limited series written by Brian Azzarello and illustrated by Lee Bermejo, which features Superman's nemesis Lex Luthor as the protagonist.
It explores Luthor's motivations behind being a constant foe to the Man of Steel inside a city that has largely embraced him. Luthor views Superman as a demigod who looks down on humanity and believes that in order to "save" the human race from extraterrestrial threats, Superman must be stopped.
Plot [ edit ]
At the onset of the series, the story seems to be narrated from Luthor's point of view, one depicting himself as someone much different than the ruthless, corrupt killer that readers are accustomed to. He displays a charitable nature by giving a loyal employee an invitation to Luthor's own "Science Spire", a new Metropolis attraction still under construction. By contrast, many of the 'heroes' Luthor encounters during his story (Superman, Batman) are depicted as duplicitous and unworthy of trust. Luthor watches footage of Superman engaging criminals with heat vision and wonders to himself why the public invests so much trust in an alien simply because he looks human. Meanwhile, in Chechnya, Mr. Elias Orr, one of Lex's operatives, leads a group of mercenaries in a raid to free a Russian scientist who is to assist Lex Luthor in a new project.
While holding a meeting, it is brought to Luthor's attention that the union workers building the Science Spire want a higher wage. Luthor tosses his business plan and decides to unveil the attraction as non-profit, which undercuts the union's demands. Upon leaving the boardroom full of stunned executives, Luthor arrives at his lab where he observes Hope, a woman floating inside a vat. Sometime later Orr threatens the union leader into complying with his demands while Lex flies to Gotham City to try to arrange a deal with Bruce Wayne (Batman).
As a gift, Lex presents Bruce with kryptonite and asks him to consider how the public only has Superman's word that he won't turn on them and that he wants a recent development Bruce's company has come up with. That night Batman is looking at the kryptonite when Superman arrives in Gotham and uses his breath to blow the kryptonite away. After a brief, one-sided fight, Superman finishes it with a knockout punch to Batman's face. Later that evening Bruce calls Lex and tells him he will give the research to Luthor.
At the opening for the Science Spire, Lex announces the arrival of a new superhero by introducing Hope to the public, the result of the scientist's work and Wayne's medicinal breakthroughs. Hope displays abilities of super-strength and flight, essentially replacing Superman and becoming a corporate-sponsored hero. Over a short period, Hope takes on duties normally reserved for Superman and gains a following. Orr approaches Winslow Schott (Toyman) with an offer on behalf of Lex. Hope and Lex are in bed together when a news bulletin breaks that Schott is wanted for a bombing at the Metropolis Daycare Center (in which over seventy adults and children, including, coincidentally, the Russian scientist and his family are killed). Orr realizes that it was a double cross when Schott mentions a different kind of explosive delivered to him. Lex urges Hope to bring the criminal to justice.
Inside his warehouse, Toyman is confronted by Superman, who is immediately met by Toyman's soldiers as Hope grabs Schott, and soars into the sky with him. In a separate location, Lex activates a control and causes her to drop Toyman, a development that pleases many of those watching on television. At the last moment, Superman flies up and catches Toyman.
Hope wonders why she involuntarily let Toyman go just as Superman confronts her for attempted murder. Hope attacks Superman and flies away, towards the Science Spire. Hope's injuries in the battle with Superman reveal to both of them that she is actually an android. Lex then remotely detonates Hope, blowing up the Science Spire. This destroys the evidence that she was an android and makes it appear that Superman killed her.
Superman flies to Lex's office, where he is waiting with his back turned. Lex says that not one person in Metropolis wanted to see Schott live after his destruction, and that even with his many visions, Superman can't see his soul. Lex is infuriated by Superman's silent judgment and demands he say something. Superman simply says, "You're wrong...I can see your soul." Taken aback, Lex pounds the window in defiance, then tries to regain composure, saying that if Superman could, he would see a man who sacrificed everything, including hope, for "A world without a Superman" and if just one person out there saw Superman saving a condemned man and "realizes what you are" then it was worth it. Luthor turns away from the window, asking him to "Please, just fly away." Superman complies, soaring off with a sad expression, leaving Lex with the thought "I am a man. I hope."
Reception [ edit ]
Man of Steel received mostly positive reviews upon release[1] and garnered attention to the team of Azzarello and Bermejo, who had previously worked together on Batman/Deathblow: After the Fire. The team would reunite in 2008 for the hardcover graphic novel simply entitled Joker, sparking fan speculation about a possible "villain spotlight" trend due to their works with Superman and Batman's greatest foes.[2]
Collected editions [ edit ]
Paperback [ edit ]
Title Material collected Publication date ISBN Lex Luthor: Man of Steel Lex Luthor: Man of Steel #1-5 December 28, 2005 978-1401204549 Luthor Lex Luthor: Man of Steel #1-5 November 10, 2015 978-1401258184 Luthor 10th Anniversary Edition (DC Black Label Edition) Lex Luthor: Man of Steel #1-5 July 9, 2019[3] 978-1401291990
Hardcover [ edit ]
Title Material collected Publication date ISBN Absolute Luthor/Joker Lex Luthor: Man of Steel #1-5, Joker graphic novel, along with sketchbook section October 29, 2013 978-1401245047
Map created by reddit user Areat
The map above shows one of history's most astounding global shifts; the drop in fertility rate between 1970 and 2014. The total fertility rate (TFR) is the average number of children born to each woman in a country. It's important because, it's an easy way to tell if a country is growing or not, excluding immigration/emigration.
A country's population is stable when TFR is equal to replacement rates. These vary by country but globally work out to around 2.1 children per woman. The reason the replacement rate is slightly higher than 2 is not only do women need to replace themselves and the father but also to factor in children who die before reaching adulthood and women who die before the end of their child bearing years.
With that in mind, you can see that many countries in the world (all in dark blue) are now below replacement level including 3 of the 4 BRIC countries (China, Russia and Brazil), all of Europe (except France, Ireland and Turkey) along with Japan, Canada and Australia, among others.
This means that without immigration all these countries will see long term population decreases.
Globally the TFR has dropped from 4.45 in 1970 to around 2.5 in 2014. If the rate keeps falling, the world population will eventually stop growing and may actually start shrinking towards the end of the 21st century.
Here are several other interesting facts:
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, Niger, Chad and South Sudan all experienced TFR increases between 1970 and 2014.
between 1970 and 2014. In 1970, only Finland and Sweden had TFR rates below 2.0 (Czech Republic and Croatia did as well, but were part of Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia respectively). By 2014 that number had risen to at least 72 countries.
The lowest TFR rate in 1970 was Finland at 1.8, but by 2014 Singapore had the lowest rate at just 0.8!
The highest rate in 1970 was Rwanda which had a TFR of 8.2. In 2014, Niger had the highest rate with 6.89 (Rwanda's has fallen to 4.62).
In terms of absolute decreases the biggest drops have happened in Libya, Maldives, Kuwait, Qatar and Bangladesh.
In terms of relative decreases the biggest drops have occurred in St. Lucia, South Korea, United Arab Emirates, Brunei and Iran.
Finally the world's two most populous countries have both seen their TFR drop significantly between 1970 and 2014. India's dropped from 5.5 to 2.4 a 56% decrease, while China's dropped from 5.5 to 1.6 a 71% decrease and well below replacement.
For more stats see the Population Reference Bureau and Wikipedia.
To learn more have a look at the following books:
Which country's TFR drop surprised you the most? Leave your comments below:
THESE days it is easy to get irritated with the exaggerated interpretations of brain imaging — for example, that a single fMRI scan can reveal our innermost feelings — and with inflated claims about our understanding of the biological basis of our higher mental processes.
Such irritation has led a number of thoughtful people to declare that we can never achieve a truly sophisticated understanding of the biological foundation of complex mental activity.
In fact, recent newspaper articles have argued that psychiatry is a “semi-science” whose practitioners cannot base their treatment of mental disorders on the same empirical evidence as physicians who treat disorders of the body can. The problem for many people is that we cannot point to the underlying biological bases of most psychiatric disorders. In fact, we are nowhere near understanding them as well as we understand disorders of the liver or the heart.
But this is starting to change.
Consider the biology of depression. We are beginning to discern the outlines of a complex neural circuit that becomes disordered in depressive illnesses. Helen Mayberg, at Emory University, and other scientists used brain-scanning techniques to identify several components of this circuit, two of which are particularly important.
A Standardized IBS Treatment Protocol Available to
Licensed Health Care Professionals Although hypnosis treatment has been found highly effective in the treatment of IBS in several research studies to date, the exact length and nature of the treatment varies considerably depending on the clinicians conducting the treatment. It has become clear that some clinicians who are using highly individualized treatment approaches which deviate significantly from the empirically tested methods (for example, use insight-oriented hypnotherapy approach, which is generally neither necessary nor advisable with this condition) sometimes achieve much less progress and lower success rate, and may even cause exacerbation of symptoms. For this reason, it is advisable that clinicians adhere to the kind of methods which have been repeatedly demonstrated to have high success rate in empirical studies, such as Whorwell et al's (1984, 1987) gut-directed hypnotherapy or the Palsson et al's (2000) protocol. In order to faciliate the availability of hypnosis treatment for IBS in the U.S, the fully standardized seven-session treatment protocol tested by Palsson, Whitehead et al. in their studies (achieving o ver 80% success rate in both studies) is provided without charge to any clinicians who are licensed by their state as health professionals and are properly qualified to conduct hypnosis treatment for medical problems. Qualified clinicians are encouraged to e-mail us for permission to use the Protocol in their practice. Please note that this protocol is only made available to medical and mental health care professionals,and that they must be currently state-licensed to practice their health profession (for example, psychologists, nurses, nurse practitioners, clinical social workers, or physicians) and have training and experience in clinical hypnosis. IBS sufferers who are seeking hypnosis treatment for their IBS problem may be able to find a clinician using the protocol in their geographical area by consulting the ever-growing nationwide clinician list. Otherwise, it is often possible for people with IBS to find a licensed health professional in the surrounding community who is trained in hypnosis and are willing to obtain and use the standardized protocol.
The published report on the finding of the first two studies conducted with this protolcol is:
Palsson, O.S., Turner, M.J., Johnson, D.A., Burnett, C.K., & Whitehead, W.E. (2002). Hypnosis treatment of severe irritable bowel syndrome: Investigation of mechanism and effects on symptoms. Digestive Diseases and Sciences, 47(11): 2605-2614. The experience to date with this kind of treatment is also described in these online articles by Dr. Palsson: The effects of hypnosis on gastrointestinal disorders.
Hypnosis treatment of irritable bowel syndrome
The evidence and potential of hypnosis for treatment of gastrointestinal disorders is described in an editorial in the journal Gastroenterology: Palsson, O.S. & Whitehead, W.E. (2002). The growing case for hypnotherapy as adjunctive therapy for functional gastrointestinal disorders. Gastroenterology, 123(6):2132-2147. Editorial, available online by clicking here.
For a brief summary of studies on hypnosis treatment for IBS, click here.
Newsrooms in Asia have traditionally worked alone, guarding their sources and tip-offs fiercely and keeping their stories and investigations in-house. But after attending GIJN's Asian Investigative Journalism Conferences and participating in the global Panama Papers investigation, Indonesia's top newsweekly Tempo has been inspired to reach out to Asian colleagues on cross-border collaborations. Last year, Tempo worked with The Reporter from Taiwan to expose slavery of Indonesians aboard Taiwanese fishing ships and this year, they collaborated with Malaysiakini to expose human trafficking networks of Indonesians through Malaysia.
GIJN's Eunice Au asked Tempo's Managing Editor Wahyu Dhyatmika about forging a new era in Asian investigative journalism:
Is Tempo new to cross-border collaborations? How did these collaborations come about?
These two stories are our first ever cross-border collaboration for investigative stories. The Taiwanese story came about when Sherry Lee, the editor for Taiwanese digital investigative platform The Reporter approached me during GIJN's Uncovering Asia Conference in Kathmandu, Nepal, last November 2016. She said she had a story that she believed is best pursued by an Indonesian media working side by side with a Taiwanese media. I was interested but wanted to see the initial documents and findings before deciding anything.
A couple of weeks later, her team arrived in our office in Jakarta. They brought documents, videos, testimonies about slavery on Taiwanese fishing vessels and about how Indonesian migrant workers working on board of those vessels are often the victims. We immediately agreed to collaborate on this story.
With Malaysiakini, it was us who came up with the initial story. We found some money transfers from Malaysian companies to people who were arrested in Indonesia as human traffickers. We wanted to track these Malaysians and expose their wrongdoings. I then contacted Aidila Razak, one of the investigative assistant editors in Malaysiakini whom I know because we both worked on the Panama Papers project. She instantly saw the significance of this story and agreed to work together.
Why did Tempo choose to pursue these stories through collaborations instead of going it alone?
For several reasons. First, obviously media and newsrooms understand their home turf better than anyone else. If we want to do a story involving the Taiwanese fishing industry, the best option is to find a local partner in Taiwan, and vice versa, if you want to do a story involving something that happened in Indonesia, then it is better to have an Indonesian newsroom to collaborate with.
Secondly, budget-wise it is much more efficient. You don't have to send a team of reporters to another country; that might cost your newsroom a lot of money which will never get approved by the finance team anyway. By collaborating, you have an extra team in another country, as long as you provide yourself to become the extra team your partner needs in your own country.
And third, impact. Collaborative stories get noticed sooner by the authorities, because you publish the same story via prominent outlets in places where it matters the most. Our story about human traffickers in Malaysia will not get attention in Malaysia, but since the story is also published by a prominent media in Malaysia, the government has to respond. A Taiwanese story about slavery will not get attention in Indonesia, but once we published it here, it became a huge story.
How has working with other newsrooms helped better inform and strengthen Tempo's reporting?
With our colleagues at The Reporter in Taiwan, we shared all our findings with no exceptions. The whole project would not have happened without their role in getting the first crucial documents about the alleged crime. We also obtained important comments from Taiwanese authorities, thanks to them.
Cross-border collaborations allow newsrooms to share and save on resources, tap into each other's networks, and create a larger impact in multiple countries.
With Malaysiakini, we teamed up in tracking the traffickers in Malaysia. We sent one reporter to Kuala Lumpur to work side by side with the Malaysian investigative team. It wouldn't go too far in collecting critical information by sending a reporter abroad for several days if you did not have a collaboration. Working with Malaysiakini, we were able to tap into their deep and vast networks, knowledge, and expertise on the issue. That's the real value in this kind of collaborative project.
What were the challenges you faced working across borders and how did you resolve them?
Communication is the key. If you don't communicate then the whole project is in disarray. You will start wondering what is happening on the other side, whether they have met with any problems they can't resolve, or how much progress have they made in tracking and so on and so forth. So it is paramount to keep in touch at all times, whether you're making progress or not.
Communication between media partners is key. It is paramount to keep in touch at all times whether you are making progress or not.
It is also important to always remember that this is a joint project so everything needs to be decided together. You cannot make important decisions by yourself which will impact the whole project. Present the problem, talk it through, and decide together. With Malaysiakini, at one point, we needed to decide whether to send our reporters to confirm our allegations to the person accused, in a very unusual place and time. Malaysiakini and Tempo‘s editors then discussed the possible dangers, the exit strategy if the situation worsened, a back up plan, and all the things usually discussed only by top editors in our own newsroom. We listened to each other's concerns and made sure everyone is on board with the final decision.
Were there any special communication platforms used to liaise the projects?
We created a Whatsapp group because it is the most commonly used chat platform both in Indonesia and Malaysia. And because we're not too far apart, only two hours by plane, it was easy to set up a face-to-face meeting. With Taiwan, we set up Skype chats and used Facebook messenger and emails.
Were there any extra security measures taken?
Since both stories involved human traffickers and were not targeting digitally sophisticated entities, we did not set up strict security protocols in our communication methods. Of course, it would be completely different if we're dealing with financial institutions or government bodies.
How did Tempo organize the sharing of information, sources, and reporting tasks? Was anything off limits?
There was nothing off limits. We radically shared everything: sources, findings, documents, etc. If a source only talked to us, then we shared the interview but our partner needed to mention specifically that the interview was conducted by Tempo. From the beginning, we agreed on only two basic rules: share everything and publish together, just like in Panama Papers. When we collaborated with The Reporter, we also sent one reporter to Taiwan to dig for our own story angle and do the reporting together with their team. They also sent a team to Indonesia. We sent a reporter to Malaysia for the same reason.
The collaboration with Malaysiakini involved setting up an interactive map. What software was used and how was the project managed?
It was built using StoryMapJS by Malaysiakini‘s team, but most of the content (the text, photos, documents) were provided by Tempo. Malaysiakini took the lead and full responsibility in making sure the visualization was completed on time.
Groups like ICIJ and OCCRP have been successful at coordinating global investigative projects. What is the future for this kind of collaborations in Asia?
You cannot make important decisions which will impact the whole project, unilaterally. Present the problem, talk it through, and decide together.
I believe it is possible to coordinate big regional stories involving more than two countries in Asia. These two stories are only the beginning. We have regional organizations like the Southeast Asia Press Alliance (SEAPA) that have been around for decades and quite successful in organizing regional fellowships and other events. My organization, the Alliance of Independent Journalists (AJI) and Malaysiakini are members of SEAPA. We only need to inject some investigative journalists as additional resources so SEAPA can start working on global investigative projects in Asia.
What would you say are the three most important ingredients in collaborative, cross-border investigations like these?
The most important ingredient is the story. The story has to be important and interesting enough for all the media involved. Getting that story and publishing it is the most important driving force behind a collaborative project. If one media views the story as not too important for their own audience then they will be reluctant to be involved and put in their resources.
Three key ingredients for cross-border collaborative investigations: the story, trust, and respect.
Second and third ingredients are equally important and interlinked: trust and respect. We need to be able to trust our partner in this project. We cannot work together, let alone use materials gathered by our partner, if we didn't believe that our partner upholds the same standards of verification and ethics as ours. However, we also need to keep in mind that our partner's newsroom is not ours, we cannot boss them around, ask this or that as if they're working for us. We need to respect each other's boundaries and decision-making process. At the end of the day, we have to remember that it is a joint project, so all parties involved have to show the same level of willingness to work together and employ all resources needed to get the story.
Tempo was part of ICIJ's Panama Papers team and its editors have been active participants in GIJN's first two Asian Investigative Journalism Conferences. How important were those in inspiring these projects?
It is fair to say that these projects wouldn't even exist without GIJN's conferences and our partnership with ICIJ. Those conferences provide us with possible networks, story ideas, and inspiring ways to manage stories and teams. And Panama Papers proves that it is possible to collaborate across borders for investigative stories.
Wahyu Dhyatmika is a managing editor at Tempo Newsroom. He is also a board member of the Alliance of Independent Journalists (AJI) Indonesia. He was previously managing editor of Tempo's Investigative Desk where he was involved in both in-country and cross-border investigations like SwissLeaks and the Panama Papers. He was a Nieman fellow at Harvard in 2014-15.
Not sure what the term “natural” means on food labels at the grocery store? You're not alone.
According to a recent survey from Consumer Reports, the proportion of American consumers who purchase "natural" foods has grown to 62 percent of the population, up from 59 percent in 2014. Yet they are divided on the exact meaning of the term.
According to Consumer Reports, 60 percent of people believe a "natural" label means packaged and processed foods have no genetically modified organisms, no artificial ingredients or colors, no chemicals and no pesticides. Forty-five percent think that "natural" is a verified claim, but there's no outside regulations as to when food companies can put the term on their products.
Consumer Reports says it regularly petitions the government to change food label requirements, and has also recommended labels for foods with genetically-modified ingredients. Eighty-seven percent of respondents to the Consumer Reports survey said that they would buy foods with a natural label, if it met their expectations.
"The problem with having all these misleading labels is it creates a lot of greennoise in the marketplace," Dr. Urvashi Rangan, director of food safety for Consumer Reports, told USA Today. "If we think about wanting better food-production systems, then we need to provide meaningful choice to people."
To add to the confusion, “organic” is a regulated label, while “natural” is not. Manufacturers and producers have to first be certified by USDA-accredited certifying agents in order for their products to be represented as organic.
"We believe that for processed foods, the "natural" label should mean organic plus no artificial ingredients," Dr. Rangan told ABC News. "There should be verification required - just like there is for the 'organic' label - so consumers can be assured of what they are buying."
It is not currently necessary for “natural” products to meet any kind of certification, but there is some guidance on the matter. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) typically considers foods natural when they do not have anything artificial or synthetic added to them. It does not include food-production methods or health benefits in that consideration.
Still, this invites plenty of loopholes for food manufacturers to claim that what they are selling is “natural” even when some of it may not be. As Consumer Reports notes, Del Monte fruit cups that are billed as “Fruit Naturals” still contain artificial preservatives, and so do Kraft cheeses that include the word “natural” in the label.
Companies do this because they know consumers are more inclined to reach for products that have natural ingredients over artificially-produced ones. The Consumer Reports survey corroborates this assumption: 73 percent of the study's respondents currently believe the natural label means a product has no artificial ingredients or colors, and 72 percent believe that “natural” means ingredients were grown without pesticides.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
But the FDA may soon change the requirements around labeling food as natural. In late December, the FDA introduced a comment period on whether or not there should be a definition for labeling foods as natural, and if so, what that definition should be. The comment period has been extended until May in order to garner more responses.
“The FDA is taking this action in part because it received three Citizen Petitions asking that the agency define the term “natural” for use in food labeling and one Citizen Petition asking that the agency prohibit the term “natural” on food labels,” the Administration writes on its website.
A court in Russia has jailed a Russian man for fighting against Kremlin-backed separatists in Ukraine's eastern region of Donetsk.
The Russian Investigative Committee said on August 30 that a court in the Kirov region found a 24-year-old local resident guilty of fighting as a mercenary for a foreign country and sentenced him to 2 1/2 years in jail.
The man, whose identity was not disclosed, was detained after returning to Russia's Kirov region in September 2015. He had been fighting alongside Ukrainian armed forces against pro-Russian separatists for more than six months.
Fighting between Ukrainian government forces and Russia-backed separatists in Ukraine's eastern regions of Luhansk and Donetsk has killed more than 9,500 people since April 2014.
There have been numerous reports that many volunteers and mercenaries from former Soviet republics are fighting on both sides of the conflict.
Based on reporting by Interfax and RIA
The Court of Cassation turned down an appeal from Italy's iconic carmaker to fire the man, who works at a factory in Termini Imerese, a town near Palermo in Sicily, arguing that he had done nothing wrong, LiveSicilia reported.
The judicial process got underway in 2010, when a court in Termini Imerese initially found the man guilty. That verdict was overturned by Palermo's court of appeal, whose ruling was upheld by the Court of Cassation on Wednesday.
The man had argued that his porn viewing was limited to merely “catching a glimpse” of a film during his lunch break. As there was no evidence of the habit seeping into his normal working hours, the Court of Cassation ruled he had done nothing wrong.
But there was victory for Fiat in a separate case on the same day, with the top court ruling that the company was within its rights to sack a worker who smoked cannabis during his lunch break.
The Italian town where residents and immigrants travel on separate buses
A segregated bus route for immigrants is being introduced in an Italian town.
The move has been met with accusations of discrimination and revived the debate over the treatment of non-EU citizens in the country.
But Foggia's mayor said it was for the safety of the migrants, and that they would be free to travel on any service.
The town of Foggia, in Puglia, southern Italy: Local authorities have decided to start a separate bus service for immigrants
The 24/i bus service will take foreigners directly to an immigrant hostel, bypassing a working-class area served by the existing 24 buses.
Authorities say friction has been rising between residents of the Mezzanone neighbourhood and 800 or so migrants who live in the hostel after a series of robberies blamed on foreigners.
'At the heart of the decision are the clashes between immigrants and residents,' centre-left mayor Orazio Ciliberti was quoted as saying in La Repubblica newspaper.
'We are not talking about racism, but about providing a better service,' he added.
The news of the route, which starts on Monday, prompted comparisons with Apartheid-era South Africa and the segregated buses in the southern United States during the 1950s.
Habib Ben Sghaier, of immigrant association Asci, branded the move racist. 'This is not how to achieve integration,' he said.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's centre-right coalition has recently introduced a raft of anti-immigrant legislation, which has boosted his popularity.
The future has arrived, which means you may be seeing more people wearing virtual reality devices strapped to their faces while riding the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's buses and trains.
But T officials said Friday that securing those goggles to your head while commuting might not be in riders' best interests.
“It's not advisable,” said MBTA spokesman Joe Pesaturo in an e-mail. “The MBTA and Transit Police remind customers of the importance of being aware of their surroundings at all times.”
Advertisement
The T's statement this week was in response to a video posted to Facebook, and then later to Reddit, that appears to show a man playing a virtual reality video game while riding an MBTA Green Line trolley.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
In the video, the man's face is completely covered by the headset, obscuring his view of what's happening around him. He is holding a video controller to play the game. He can be seen reacting — and at times jumping out of his seat — at the sight of the events taking place in the game.
Neil Lindquist, who took the original video and shared it on his Facebook page, said the man was “checked out.”
“He was just not there,” he said, adding that the man was sitting, and then standing, and moving around as he played the game. “You see all types of people on the T. But it never fails to surprise.”
Lindquist said the person in the video — who later came forward as Ryan Deame — contacted him after it went semi-viral, and he offered to take it down. But Deame, he said, was OK with Lindquist leaving it online.
Advertisement
As one person pointed out on the Reddit discussion thread, where the video was shared, it “seems like a really easy target to get robbed.”
That's exactly what T officials and police are hoping to avoid.
A Boston police officer, who also wasn't too keen on the video of the man distracted by his Virtual Reality experience, called the game enthusiast a “soft target.”
“The EXACT OPPOSITE of being aware of your surroundings,” said Sergeant Luke Taxter on Twitter.
Deame said in a telephone interview that he uses virtual reality to escape the anxiety that comes with riding public transit. He said he was dismayed by police and MBTA officials saying it shouldn't be used while riding the trains.
Advertisement
“This technology isn't a bad thing. It's a way to change our reality in a fundamental way,” he said. “It's a tool that should be embraced and not looked down upon.”
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @steveannear
Episode 5: Toxic Biosphere
Learn about the one GMO risk no one is immune too — and how it is tied to 63 specific diseases… One chemical in GMO farming that makes glyphosates 100 times more toxic — and the sloppy math they use to justify feeding it to our children…
Discover the disturbing truth about how mega-corporations use loopholes in our legal system to dodge felony charges — so they can keep peddling their poisons to us
Who is responsible for the health and safety of future generations? Sayer Ji would argue that the responsibility is ours. He'll discuss the responsibilities he feels as both a consumer and a father of two young girls... A well-respected author, speaker and advocate you're going to want to hear what he has to say
Nobody likes to be a guinea pig, especially when our health is at stake. Through his extensive research, Sayer discovered we're part of a massive, dangerous experiment through the introduction of non-safety tested GMOs into our diet. We deserve to have a choice as to what we put in our bodies, and it's up to us to protect that right.
Mike Adams is known as the "Health Ranger" and his mission to reveal truth has earned him the Excellence in Health Journalism award, as well as the Voice of Liberty award in 2014. He shares his take on GMOs—and you'll be shocked by what he says.
If you're like us, you were watching the NCAA tournament today -- or this afternoon, or tonight, or at pretty much any point during the thrilling opening Thursday that was. Another game would come down to the nail-biting, hairpulling wire, and you'd catch your breath, check your bracket and think: Man, there were a lot of close games today. This has to be some kind of record, right?
Turns out, you were right. This was, indeed, some kind of record.
Five games were decided by one point on Thursday, the most of any single day in NCAA tournament history. But that's not all. Behold the mind-boggling numbers, courtesy of the yeomen at ESPN Stats & Information:
2015 NCAA TOURNAMENT The 2015 NCAA tournament is complete. Here's everything you need to know. • Final Four coverage
• NCAA tournament bracket
• NCAA tournament home
• NCAA tournament schedule
• NCAA basketball scores
• ESPN Tournament Challenge
• Recruit and return series Eleven games were decided by fewer than 10 points Thursday, tying the single-day NCAA tournament high. Only three tournament days in history matched that number, the last of which came in 2010.
Nine games were decided by five or fewer points, tying the single-day tournament high -- one dating to March 15, 2001.
Including the five Thursday, as well as Dayton's win over Boise State on Wednesday night, there have been six games decided by one point thus far in the 2015 NCAA tournament. The record for most games decided by one point in a single NCAA tournament is seven -- total. That has happened three times (in 1982, 1990, and 1998).
Oh, and then there's this:
The entire 2013 and 2014 NCAA tournaments -- from the first round to the Final Four -- featured five games decided by a single point. Combined!
You know that feeling you had when Baylor and Iowa State fell to No. 14 seeds by one point apiece, when UCLA somehow got a 60-59 win on a questionable goaltending call, when Cincinnati edged the Purdue by a point in overtime and when NC State's BeeJay Anya hooked LSU at the back end of a startling collapse? Or when Ohio State won by three in overtime, or when UNC held on for a 67-65 win over Harvard, or Notre Dame and Arkansas just barely held on? That feeling you got reading this list? That it was impossible for the close games to keep coming and that things would get back to normal? That even by the NCAA tournament's bonkers standards, this day was almost too gloriously overwhelming to handle? That, come on, this had to be some kind of record?
It was. Several kinds of records, actually. And we're just getting started.
On April 6, 1933 the German Student Association (GSA) made the most important announcement in its history. In what it described as an “action against the un-German spirit,” the association described plans for a “cleansing” by which texts, deemed incompatible with the sensibilities of resurgent German nationalism, would be thrown onto bonfires.
They made good on those plans on the night of May 10, 1933, with the "Säuberung", or cleansing by fire, in which 25,000 books were incinerated in German towns. Texts from almost every field of human endeavor were taken from schools and libraries and cast into the flames, heralding an unprecedented era of censorship in modern Germany.
Today, children around the world learn about the book burnings in history classes. There are plaques and memorials at the sites where the bonfires took place. As a society, as a very species, we declare ourselves repulsed by those grainy, black and white images and are insistent that we will never repeat those mistakes. But despite such lofty protestations those mistakes are happening again and in a way that is likely more sinister than what took place over eighty years ago in Europe.
When a Tumblr feminist burned a copy of Christina Hoff Sommers' book The War Against Boys last year, predictable comparisons to the Säuberung immediately followed. Sitting by a hearth, a bespectacled, pony tailed young woman looked over her shoulder and smiled broadly. She wore a simple white t-shirt, and playfully rested her chin in her palm as she committed pages of Hoff Sommer's text to the flames.
Benjamin Weingarten, writing in The Blaze (sorry) argued that unlike the Säuberung, the point of this literary barbeque was not to eradicate unclean thoughts or ideas, but to make a statement on contemporary perceptions about feminism. Most North Americans view feminism with jaded disdain and increasingly, fewer people are identifying as feminist.
Resentment has grown in recent years against the never-ending laundry list of comically petty feminist gripes. The stereotype of feminists as joyless, prescriptive, overly sensitive and censorious gave birth to new a term in the vernacular lexicon, the “feminazi.” According to Weingarten, it is the existence of this caricature that makes the burning of Hoff Sommers' book “ironic”; our cheery fireside feminist is actually involved in a piece of performance, a visual representation of the reducto ad absurdum position of those, like Hoff Sommers, who oppose contemporary feminism.
It's a fair, but somewhat shallow observation. The pictures do show an antagonizing, trollish feminist at play but Weingarten's analysis ignores that whether intended or not, there is potent symbolism in those images. The burning of Hoff Sommers' book is a striking visual synecdoche for the malaise afflicting free expression across not only North American college campuses, but those of the entire western world. We have reached a point where ideas and conversations, similar to those espoused by Hoff Sommers in text form, are effectively verboten.
On November 16 2012 a lecture by Dr. Warren Farrell at University of Toronto turned violent when a large group of feminist protesters attempted to shut the event down. Farrell, a former head of the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women was at the university to talk about the “boy crisis” in America—a blanket term used to describe a panoply of issues affecting boys and young men such as addiction; suicide; educational attainment; and unemployment. Feminists, angered by Farrell's presence on “their” campus, blockaded the entrance to the event and physically intimidated attendees.
Kingston Ont. filmmaker Steve Brulé was at the scene and captured the incident which has since been viewed millions of times online. “When I got there the atmosphere was pretty hostile. There was a group of people who identified themselves as feminists blockading the doors,” says Brulé. “I started asking people what the protest was about. They [the protestors] said they were there under the direction of gender studies professors at the university.”
The images in Brulé's video are shocking, but are all too familiar for those who attempt to proffer views that confront feminist and leftist ideology. Dr. Janice Fiamengo, a professor of English literature at University of Ottawa (UofO) has also had her events disrupted. For Fiamengo, herself a former radical feminist, seeing her lectures protested was initially shocking. “I thought there would be angry questions but never protestors with masks on their faces or people pulling fire alarms,” says Fiamengo.
“I was shocked at first but afterward I was kind of satisfied that it proved my point; this ideology is repressive and is a silly, hysterical movement.” Her last lecture, a discussion of the apparent double standards inherent in feminism, was successfully shut down by feminist protestors who took advantage of lax security measures to make the event unworkable.
According to Fiamengo, while it is students who are at the front lines causing mayhem, it is ideologically-aligned administrators and professors who are working in the background orchestrating the disruption. “Progressives have taken over the universities. They're not interested in educating students. They're interested in changing their minds and producing obedient, leftist revolutionaries. They've (students) been taught to think correctly. It's the embrace of various orthodoxies that their professors tell them about.”
Fiamengo describes a frightening picture. The notion that universities are indoctrinating Canadian youth with extreme ideologies is a disturbing one, but as recent events have shown, it is also an accurate one. While we may be thankful to never see another act like the Säuberung in our lifetimes we should still beware, and realize that even today, it is still possible to censor and to silence.
It just might not be as obvious.
JOIN TheRebel.media for more news and commentary you won't find anywhere else.
Top ranked Sania Mirza and Martina Hingis survived a scare to win their 29th consecutive match as they advanced to the final of the Sydney International here on Thursday.
The Indo-Swiss pair won 4-6, 6-3, 10-8 against Romanian Raluca Olaru and Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan on Court 1. They surpassed Gigi Fernandez and Natasha Zvereva's 1994 record of 28 straight victories. Sania and Martina are now eyeing the record for most consecutive wins set in 1990 by the dynamic duo of Jana Novotna and Helena Sukova, who won a whopping 44 matches.
They are eyeing their second win of the year together after winning in the Brisbane International last week. They claimed nine titles last year en route to being the top ranked women's doubles team, the highlight being wins at Wimbledon and US Open.
On Thursday, the top pair, dubbed "SanTina" by their fans, lost the first set 4-6 and were down 1-2 in the second set when rain intervened.
That helped them get back their rhythm as they fought back to overturn the deficit and claim the second set 6-3 and utilised their experience to claim the decider narrowly 10-8.
The win was viewed by the ecstatic pair as an ideal preparation for their Australian Open ambitions, starting next week, which will be their thier straight Grand Slam triumph should they are able to win it.
"It's good to have a tough test like this, this going into a Grand Slam. We don't always play super tennis but we come out, find a solution and now we're the best doubles pair in the world," Hingis said after the match.
"It seems like a long time since we lost!. One of helps each other out all the time. Even when we want to break a racquet, we have to shake it off," Sania said.
HBO has ordered two new projects from Fusion, including a one-hour special about the spread of intolerance in America hosted by Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
According to Variety, the pay cabler has ordered 10 episodes of the half-hour documentary series Outpost, which will examine various cultural aspects of Latin American countries. The series is described as “offering authentic local perspectives on cultural idiosyncrasies, subcultures, environmental matters and adventure sports.”
HBO has also licensed the one-hour special Hate in America with Jorge Ramos, which will examine the state of hate in America, “from white separatists to anti-immigrant activists, investigating why hatred seems to be growing and who is feeding it.”
Both projects were developed under Univision Story House, the network's in-house original content development shingle that creates programming both for its own platforms like Fusion and for other networks, according to Deadline.
Fusion — the English-language digital and cable news outlet co-owned by ABC and Univision — launched in 2013 with an emphasis on millennial viewers. Reports surfaced in December that ABC was looking to sell its stake in Fusion to Univision as the outlet has struggled to gain traction.
Ramos has been an anchor at Univision since 1986, and also hosts a Sunday program on the network called Al Punto (To the Point). The 57-year-old newsman is also host of the Fusion show America with Jorge Ramos.
Ramos has been an outspoken advocate for illegal immigration. In August, the Univision anchor was escorted out of an Iowa press conference held by GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump for repeatedly interrupting the candidate and speaking out of turn.
Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes announced Tuesday that HBO would up its original programming hours to 600 this year, an increase of 50 percent, as the premium network fends off competition from streaming service competitors Amazon and Netflix.
How can a straight white male truly understand the complexities of why a queer black woman might feel silenced? Sure, maybe he knows that homophobia is still a thing, or that race relations have been in a state of elevated turmoil in the past few years due to high-profile news stories about institutional racism. But what about when individuals identify with more than one of these subjugated groups in society?
Upright Citizens Brigade comedian and YouTube enthusiast Akilah Hughes has taken a novel approach to making this problematic inequality into an accessible framework of logic through the lens of interest best known to the America people: pizza and cheeseburgers.
See, a lot of Americans love burgers, and we know damn well that a lot of Americans love pizza. And that's why they're the perfect edible archetypes for representing large swaths of the American population in analogy form.
In the video, titled "On Intersectionality in Feminism and Pizza," Hughes asks viewers to think of men as burgers and women as pizzas, with white women being identified as cheese pizzas. "It's a little cheesy," she warns.
Furthermore, "deluxe pizzas"—presumably those topped with pepperoni, mushrooms, bell peppers, and olives, or some similar combination—correspond to women of color within her theory. Therefore, the struggle for cheese pizzas to achieve the same recognition as burgers, despite their equal level of deliciousness—"You can go anywhere and get a burger, burgers are the go-to fast food … so you're trying to say, pizza's just as good as burgers," she explains—overshadows the plight of deluxe pizzas to enjoy those same rights and privileges.
And there you go: a little feminist theory served on a deep-dish crust. Still a little confused about intersectionality? Take this pizza-burger conversation and try to think of it in the terms outlined by feminist law professor Kimberlé Crenshaw, who coined the term in 1989: "Intersectionality draws attention to invisibilities that exist in feminism, in anti-racism, in class politics, so obviously it takes a lot of work to consistently challenge ourselves to be attentive to aspects of power that we don't ourselves experience."
In other words, if you're a burger, you may take for granted your own ubiquitousness and think to yourself, "Hell, pizza's everywhere." The chasm between burgers and pizza may seem smaller to you than it would to that of a cheese pizza, who can detect the inequality in everyday interactions. Now take that a step further and mentally render the experience of a deluxe pizza. Sure, you're "deluxe," and everyone knows what you are, but you're not being ordered and devoured nearly as frequently as your cheesy counterparts.
"Deluxe pizza's unique features are often celebrated when they occur unnaturally on cheese pizzas," Akilah points out. "When we talk about pizza rights, we need to be talking about all pizzas. Not just cheese pizzas that are deemed socially acceptable and worthy of saving and worthy of having a place in popular culture," Akilah says.
She also notes that we need to keep the conversation inclusive to "pizzas that identify as burgers" and "pizzas with different toppings, because as great as it is to uplift cheese pizzas, the world could use a lot more flavor."
What Double Bacon Cheeseburger could argue with that?
The Maltese Falcon was, of course, a novel before it was a film. Written by Dashiell Hammett and published in 1930, the novel was used as the basis of a film three times between 1931 and 1941.
The first film, “The Maltese Falcon” (1931), starred Ricardo Cortez and Bebe Daniels, two mainstays of the silent era who managed to make a relatively smooth transition to talkies. The 1931 version of the movie was made in the pre-code days before the Hays office clamped down on so-called indecency, and therefore is notable for its many sexually suggestive scenes. Due to Hays code restrictions, the film could not be re-released until the 1960s except in edited form; when it was re-released, it was given the new title “Dangerous Female” to avoid confusion with the 1941 “Maltese Falcon” film. (The Warner Bros. DVD release of the film restores the original title.)
Possibly because the 1931 film could not be re-released, Warner Bros. made a second version of the film in 1936, this time called “Satan Met a Lady”. Starring Bette Davis and Warren William, this second film based on the Hammett novel featured several plot changes, including a focus on humor rather than mystery and a ram's horn instead of a falcon statuette; the film was a flop.
In 1941, first-time director John Huston made “The Maltese Falcon”, again for Warner Bros. Starring Humphrey Bogart in a role that would define film noir detectives for decades, the film is considered an American classic.
But what of the actual falcon, the MacGuffin, the dingus everybody wants? It's said there were two Maltese Falcon props made for the movie. Both were made of lead and weighed between 42 and 50 pounds — sources list 42, 45, 47 and even 50 pounds as the official weight. Most sources claim the second lead prop was made after the first one was dropped and noticeably dented during filming. The story varies, but either Sydney Greenstreet, Lee Patrick or Humphrey Bogart was responsible for the denting of the tailfeathers; one story claims that Patrick actually dropped the falcon on Bogart.The dented falcon is owned by movie memorabilia collector Dr. Gary Milan, a California dentist, who has loaned the falcon out for various public appearances. Milan counts the piano and an exit visa from “Casablanca” among the many amazing movie artifacts in his collection.
For years, it was believed Milan's lead falcon was the only legitimate falcon from the film.That was until a second undented lead falcon was found in actor William Conrad's apartment after his death. This falcon was given to actor William Conrad by Jack Warner and was sold at an auction of Conrad's estate in 1994 to a private collector. It has not been shown to the public since, although Wikipedia reports it is in the possession of Ronald Winston and was used as a model of a solid gold replica made for the 69th Academy Awards. This may be inaccurate, as Milan's dented falcon is the one in the Warner Bros. museum at this time. While the provenance of the second falcon is well-documented, how Milan came into possession of the first falcon is unknown.
It's debatable whether that undented falcon made it onto the screen or not, although some reports state that both lead falcons have knife marks from being used in the scene where Greenstreet tries to scrape the paint off the falcon. According to the founder of thefedoralounge.com (and creator of some very nice replicas of the falcon based on an original lead statue) both falcons were in the Warner Bothers prop department for years, forgotten and used for various utilitarian tasks due to their weight.
However, the falcon Bogart carries around was not a 50-pound lead monstrosity. Milan refutes the idea that there are lighter falcons, and says that the two lead falcons are the only original falcons in existence. Yet in 1991 a resin (or plastic) falcon was found at a flea market. In determining the authenticity, Meta Carpenter, the script supervisor on “The Maltese Falcon”, confirmed that a lighter resin falcon of about 6 pounds was made for several scenes; it even appears in some publicity stills. Collector Gary Milan rudely dismissed her recollections as being nothing more than an old woman's confusion. Richard Roeper, film critic, mentioned a resin falcon during a blurb about the recent Christie's auction of “Star Trek” memorabilia. Even Roeper concedes the resin falcon simply “may” have been used in the film. Be that as it may, the idea of many actors being forced to carry a 50 pound lead falcon for several takes seems unlikely. They may have been used for close-ups and shots where the falcon stays on a table, but not much else.
Despite the controversy, Profiles in History, a Hollywood memorabilia auction house, sold this resin model at auction for $92,000 in the mid-1990s. Their catalogue page for the falcon has some terrific pictures and a bit of history, too. (The Profiles in History main page lists several amazing auctions of memorabilia; it's definitely worth checking out.)
We'll probably never know how many real falcons were made and how many exist today. While reports vary, it's certain that two authentic lead falcons exist, and likely at least one resin falcon as well. However, there were allegedly more falcons made for backups and photos. One replica made for publicity stills was kept at historic John's Grill. The replica was stolen from the restaurant in 2005, and a replacement has been made and will be installed this month. Gary Milan has also suffered through a robbery, losing many irreplaceable, original movie artifacts. Movie memorabilia is a dangerous business.
A national report that accused the University of Minnesota of overspending on administration was withdrawn and modified after its authors admitted using flawed data.
The Institute for Policy Studies, which issued the report Sunday, took it down from its website Monday after the U publicly challenged its findings. The report was reposted late Wednesday, with a new set of numbers.
The report, called "The One Percent at State U," singled out the U as one of the five "worst overall offenders" among public universities. It accused the schools of spending lavishly on executive pay and administrative staff, while cutting student aid and hiring low-paid instructors.
On Monday, the institute learned that some of the data used in the analysis had some errors, said Marjorie Wood, one of the authors. At that point, she said, the group "took the report down temporarily" and began a review.
University of Minnesota President Eric Kaler, who has called the report "dead wrong," said Wednesday that the group simply misread the public data. "If you don't know what you're doing, you can easily get the wrong answer," he said.
The U posted a detailed rebuttal on its website, saying: "We consider this report extremely flawed because it uses inaccurate data and presents a misleading picture of the University."
Kaler
The revised report, released late Wednesday, wasn't likely to appease U officials. It now asserts that between 2007 and 2012, the U's Twin Cities campus "increased spending on nonacademic administration by 44 [percent] while decreasing spending on scholarships by 55 percent." It also claims that the number of "adjunct and contingent faculty" increased by 825 or 105 percent. The original report claimed that the U had cut scholarships by 36 percent, and more than tripled adjunct faculty and administrative staff.
'Got that wrong'
The university disputes all those numbers, and says its assertions are backed up by federal data. It points to statistics collected by the Department of Education, which show, for example, that the U's spending on scholarships grew by 49 percent from 2006 to 2012, from $151 million to $225 million.
"It's not like my opinion; these are facts," Kaler said. "That's just nose-on-your-face plain. They just got that wrong."
He said the authors also jumped to the wrong conclusion about administrative expenses and adjunct instructors by using the wrong data. In some cases, he said, the only thing that changed was how the jobs were reported. "They were already employed by the U," he said. "If you look and say, 'Omigod,' it's because you don't understand the data."
The report touched on a sensitive issue at the U, which has been fending off criticism about administrative bloat for several years. Last fall, Kaler announced a six-year plan to cut administrative costs by $90 million, and has hired consultants to confront the issue.
The institute, a nonprofit research group in Washington, D.C., said it relied in part on data from the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), rather than the federal database, to reach its conclusions. When the U challenged its accuracy Wood said, the AFT double-checked its numbers and concluded "they may have found some issues."
Author: Overall findings OK
Andrew Erwin, another author, said some numbers were attributed to the wrong years, but that he did not believe the errors undercut the report's overall findings.
But in an interview Wednesday, neither he nor Wood would respond to the University's specific charges about inaccuracies in the report. "We're not making statements," said Wood. "The report will speak for itself." This is the first time the institute has issued a report about spending priorities at public universities.
The updated report, which was posted on its website, said that the review "did not alter the report's major findings," but that it resulted in a number of changes to its list of "worst overall offenders": "The University of Minnesota dropped from #3 to #4; the University of Michigan rose from #4 to #3; and the University of Delaware became #5. All data related to president pay and student debt levels were unaffected."
The list was based on an analysis of "excessive executive pay, the highest student debt and large increases in low-wage and/or contingent faculty labor."
Kaler said the problems with the data go far deeper than the authors suggest. "It looks to me like much more than dates are confused," he said. "We're not real confident in their ability to manage this data."
The U was not the only one to challenge the report. A spokesman for the University of Michigan told the Detroit News that the report "is nearly 100 percent wrong."
A large majority of voters would like to see another referendum on abortion to liberalise the current law, according to the latest Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll.
Asked if a referendum should be held on whether or not to permit abortion in cases of rape or where the foetus will not be born alive, 68 per cent said they were in favour, 23 per cent against and 9 per cent had no opinion.
Labour voters were the most strongly in favour, with 72 per cent of them backing the move.
Supporters of all parties were almost equally strong in support of a referendum on the issue, with Fianna Fáil voters being the least enthusiastic about the prospect.
There was a significant variation across the age groups, with the older voters less inclined to support another referendum with the over-65s being least enthusiastic.
Among the over-65s, 51 per cent said they wanted another referendum, but 40 per cent said they did not.
By contrast, 77 per cent of the 18- to 24-year-olds favoured a referendum with just 12 per cent against. Middle class voters were marginally more supportive of another referendum than working class voters, but there was no significant variation.
Neither was there a significant difference in the attitudes of men and women. People in Dublin were stronger in their support for the holding of another referendum than people in other regions.
There is little prospect of another referendum on abortion being held in the lifetime of the Fine Gael/Labour Coalition as both parties have ruled it out after the political difficulties experienced in getting the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill through the Dáil.
The significance of the poll is that it suggests the next referendum on abortion will involve moves to liberalise the law. In the past, pro-life groups have campaigned for another referendum to ensure abortion could never be legalised.
The poll was conducted last Monday and Tuesday among a representative sample of 1,200 adults aged over 18 at 120 sampling points spread across all constituencies. The margin of error is 2.8 per cent.
Padres pitchers and catchers reported to the Peoria Sports Complex on Thursday for what figures to be a much more reserved spring. Twelve months ago, much of baseball, including people in San Diego, was making grand proclamations about the "winner of the offseason." Flash forward to the present, and the Padres have reverted to the role of underdog.
The annual sense of optimism may not be missing from these parts, but this year, the Padres are shying away from making any specific predictions.
"I think the vibe with everybody ... is we enter the season with no other thought but going out and competing and getting better every single day," rookie manager Andy Green said. "If we can improve every day, there's enough people in this clubhouse who have done enough in this game that we'll be right in the thick of it.
"Our job is not to be the prognosticator. We'll let everybody else in the game do that. We'll let you guys decide what we're going to be and where we belong. We'll engage in the work and get better ever single day. I tell you, these guys don't lack in confidence, they don't lack for a desire to go prove themselves. It's a different label this year than what the Padres had last year. I think these guys kind of relish that role, and we're going to embrace it.''
Despite fielding a roster with some big-name acquisitions, the Padres fizzled in 2015 and finished 74-88. This year, most projection systems have taken into account the losses of several starters and peg the team to have a similar record, if not worse.
"I think everyone has a goal of coming in and making a championship team. Nothing has changed from last year," said right fielder Matt Kemp, who was among position players reporting early for camp. "We'll go out, have a good spring and see what happens."
Of departures such as Justin Upton, Craig Kimbrel and Ian Kennedy, Kemp said: "Those guys are irreplaceable, but we've got guys here who are capable of doing the job. There's going to be a lot of competition here in spring training. Hopefully, guys are up for the challenge and are ready to come in and work."
Almost all of the Padres' pitchers and catchers invited to major league camp were on site Thursday to take physical examinations. The only exceptions were catcher Christian Bethancourt and left-hander Jose Torres, who are dealing with visa issues in their native countries of Panama and Venezuela.
Early-arriving position players besides Kemp include second baseman Cory Spangenberg; shortstop Jose Rondon; infielders Carlos Asuaje, Adam Rosales, Ryan Schimpf and Jemile Weeks; and outfielders Jabari Blash, Alex Dickerson, Travis Jankowski and Jon Jay.
When pitchers and catchers hold their first official workout Friday, they should be mostly in good health. New closer Fernando Rodney, who felt left hamstring tightness while pitching in the Caribbean Series, said he is returning to full strength.
"I feel very close, like, 85 percent," Rodney said.
"We're going to bridle him a little bit early on," Green said of Rodney. "The guy's done it a few times (with more than 12 years of major league service time, Rodney is the most experienced major leaguer in camp). We don't need him out of the chute going 100 mph on Feb. 19 and 20."
Elsewhere on the health front, Green said the plan is to allow right-hander Brandon Morrow, who had shoulder surgery in October, and lefty reliever Buddy Baumann, who recently had a "minor setback with a little back issue," to build up gradually.
In announcing the appointment of a new economic adviser last summer, President Obama emphasized his commitment to fact-based policymaking. It's “more important than ever,” he said, to get “recommendations not based on politics, not based on narrow interests, but based on the best evidence, based on what's going to do the most good for the most people in this country.”
If only the president and his political ally, California Gov. Jerry Brown (D), would follow that advice regarding their pet project for the Golden State: high-speed rail. No matter how many times they tout the mega-project as the job-creating wave of the future, they can't change the mountain of evidence that high-speed rail is, in fact, a boondoggle.
The latest authoritative warning came last week from the California High-Speed Rail Peer Review Group, which called the program “an immense financial risk” for the state and refused to recommend that the state legislature sell $2.7 billion in bonds to start a 130-mile initial stretch of the system.
Thanks to federal policy, if California does not start work on the rail line by Sept. 30, it will lose an additional $3.3 billion in federal money — possibly dooming the system.
But the Catch-22 is that, if California does start building without securing future funding, it could end up with a $6 billion track to nowhere. As the Peer Review Group (PRG) explains, that's because, for economic-stimulus reasons, Washington insisted that California build the initial stretch between two outposts in the lightly populated San Joaquin Valley.
“[M]oving ahead . . . without credible sources of adequate funding, without a definitive business model, without a strategy to maximize the independent utility and value to the State, and without the appropriate management resources, represents an immense financial risk on the part of the State of California,” concluded the PRG, an independent body established by the 2008 referendum that authorized $9 billion in high-speed rail bonds.
And that's not to mention the risk to U.S. taxpayers, most of whom do not live in California.
The report, published Jan. 3, was consistent with previous takes from California's nonpartisan Legislative Analysis Office and the PRG itself.
The PRG's caution seems amply justified, given that the project's costs are already mounting far beyond what voters were originally told. The 2008 referendum assumed a $33 billion price tag for a system stretching from Sacramento to San Diego. But more recent estimates have reached $98 billion.
But, to Brown, the warnings lose validity through repetition. The PRG report “does not appear to add any arguments that are new or compelling enough to suggest a change of course,” his spokesman said.
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, who has declared that “we will not be dissuaded by the naysayers and the critics,” told me to discount the PRG report. He said its lead author, former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's (R) erstwhile transportation chief Will Kempton, used to support building a high-speed line in the San Joaquin Valley — until he “switched allegiances” and became CEO of transportation for Orange County. Kempton denies it.
One could just as easily say the California High-Speed Rail Authority angrily rebutted the PRG report because two of the authority's board members are officials of construction unions that stand to benefit from the project. Or that LaHood's views reflect the president's political interests.
But enough of the inevitable pork-barrel politics. On the merits, high-speed rail would be a questionable investment even if California could afford to build it.
LaHood and other boosters marvel at bullet trains in Europe and Japan, insisting simplistically that we need them, too.
But the sprawling, decentralized cities of the United States do not make convenient destinations for train travelers. International experience shows that high-speed rail entails expensive debt service and large operating subsidies. This would likely be the case here as well, since, for better or worse, rail must compete with well-established air and car options. Business travel is one ostensible purpose of bullet trains in California, but increasingly people meet via video conference.
For these and other reasons, high-speed rail in the United States would lower carbon emissions and reduce traffic far less cost-effectively than would alternative solutions.
It's especially odd for a Democratic president and governor to saddle California with the cost of bullet trains when the state is facing chronic deficits, tax increases and social spending cuts. Maybe this is why polls show that a majority of Californians have turned against the project. It's still not too late to hit the brakes.
lanec@washpost.com
March 1st, 2014 was a day of mourning. Vigils, organized by self-advocates and allies, took place across the country to mourn the loss of people with disabilities murdered by their families or caregivers. This tradition, still in its early years, seeks to memorialize victims of a long-standing atrocity. A list of known murder cases (see below for full list) reaching back to only 1993 contains more than 100 names. Since last year's Day of Mourning, ten more names have been added to the list.
One of these vigils was held at the Ed Roberts Campus in Berkeley, CA. The event was the product of efforts by Jessie Lorenz and Peter Mendoza of the Independent Living Resource Center in San Francisco (ILRC), Mark Romoser of the Silicon Valley Independent Living Center (SVILC), Brent White of Ala Costa Adult Transition program (ACAT), and activists Rob Gross and Corbett O'Toole. It was the largest gathering in the country, with just over fifty people in attendance. Walking up to the site, one could see large posters listing the names of those lost with the statement, “Mourn for the Dead, but Fight like Hell for the Living.”
A Narrative of “Mercy”
The names are not well-known to most. These murders did not produce the public outrage and media frenzy typical in murder cases of able-bodied victims like Caylee Anthony or Benjamin Yhip. In the overarching narrative of disability in this country, parents and caregivers are framed as heroes and martyrs for the terrific “burden” they must carry. When filicide is committed, the rhetoric of having “freed” their child or committed an “act of mercy” is embedded in the scant news stories produced.
Tracy Latimer is the first name on the list. In 1993, Robert Latimer killed Tracy, then 12 years old with cerebral palsey, by putting her inside his truck and gassing her. Latimer confessed to planning the killing and contemplating multiple ways in which he would carry it out, but was still convicted of second-degree murder. He served roughly ten years in prison – less than what many states in the U.S. require for manslaughter convictions. Many Canadians felt his sentence was overly-harsh, and that Tracy's was a “compassionate-killing.” Latimer had “saved” her from a life of immobility and difficulty.
Alex Spourdalakis, an autistic 14 year old in Illinois, was stabbed multiple times in the chest by his mother and godmother, and then fed an overdose of sleeping pills. In a show of bringing attention to the issue, CBS shot a piece called “Behind the Tragedy: Mother Murders Autistic Son.” The documentary cites the severity of Alex's autism and the amount of care that he needed as justification for his murder. Despite statements by the Autistic Self-Advocacy Network condemning the media's misrepresentation of the case, and a petition of over 2,000 signatures on change.org, this video is still available to watch on CBS's website and other outlets.
A Life Lived Fully with Disability
The deaths of Tracy and Alex were tragedies – their lives were not. In order to prevent future abuse and murder we must stop seeing disability as tragedy. Instead, we can see natural human variation, diversity, and life capable of being lived fully. These murders were not justifiable as “acts of compassion” or manifestations of a “great burden.” The people killed were denied a worthy life by an act of hatred and fear.
Of the fifty or more people who came to the Berkeley vigil, many spoke of their feelings of grief, anger, and being largely misunderstood. Brent White, an autistic person who designed and directs ACAT, remembers his first experience seeing an autistic child portrayed on television about 25 years ago,
“He was portrayed as this feral kid – incapable of loving or caring about his family – and violent.”
He says that personally, his identifying openly as autistic is important in changing this perception,
“There's an idea that there are no autistic adults. It's important that people who are autistic identify that way, and understand that there's a spectrum, and a huge range of capabilities.”
Making a Change
How do we step away from the perception that a disabled person's life is one of suffering and tragedy? How do we perpetuate the reality: that a person with a disability struggles, succeeds, creates, loves, and lives a fully human existence different from, but no less worthy than, those of able-bodied peers?
I am an able-bodied person at this time in my life. I have not lived the experience of disability, and therefore must defer to others for ideas and expertise. But as allies and people who believe broadly in social justice and human rights, we have a responsibility to listen and to help change the narrative to one that reflects the inherent value of life and a shared humanity.
So what can we do? We can educate ourselves: through blogs, newsletters, members of our communities, and other first person accounts. We can support visibility by increasing access to businesses and public spaces. We can take steps toward greater inclusion in policy-making and the work-force. Working with self-advocacy networks and members of the disability community, everyone must, “Fight like Hell for the Living.”
Heather Yaden (Rutgers University) Heather is a 2011 Rutgers–New Brunswick alumni with a degree in Psychology and Cognitive Science. She currently lives in Oakland, CA and works as a team member of Ala Costa Adult Transition program in Berkeley, CA. ACAT supports self-determination, independence, and empowerment in young adults with developmental and intellectual disabilities through teaching community engagement and life skills. She is passionate about social justice and class issues: feminism, queer theory, disability rights, diversity, equality and the intersections of identity. Check out her twitter @HdAvery.
—————————
List of Known Murder Cases Commemorated
in the Day of Mourning 2014
Bay Area's rising star rapper Iamsu! let out a little secret recently if you were quick to pay attention. On his freestyle to YG's “Who Do You Love,” Su rapped “Did the tour, got signed / Now the album coming.” Although there have been little details about his signing, Su confirms with XXL that his debut album will be called Sincerely Yours and it is dropping in April.
“I feel like this needs to be really autobiographical, just talking about my whole story,” he says. “It's everything I can really stand behind. It's just me to the core."
The HBK Gang leader further discussed his crew as whole, commending the grind of members such as Kool John, Jay Ant, P-Lo and more. He says HBK Gang is in a “good space” in 2014 and hopes to provide the same opportunities for the rest of the gang to shine and breakout as household names. With Sage The Gemini exploding last year off of "Gas Pedal" and "Red Nose," Su is setting his team up right.
“I feel like it could be anybody at any moment,” he says. “I feel like everybody is just as talented.”
But for now, the 24-year-old is focused on his album, where rap fans can expect the first single to feature Sage and will be coming out soon.
“I am on Sage's a bunch of times, he's gonna be on my CD a bunch of times. He's actually going to be on the first song I put out for the album to start the campaign.”
HBK Gang for 2014.
Previously: Iamsu! & The HBK Gang Pledge To Never Go Broke In New Video
Saudi Arabia has been involved in a military conflict with Yemen for nearly half a year, seeking to return to power its close ally Yemeni fugitive president Mansur Hadi.
Saudi Arabia started building up a major naval base on the Yemeni island of Socotra, which it invaded and occupied during the recent military conflict between the countries, FNA reported.
"Hundreds of workers from Asian countries have been deployed by the Saudi navy to construct the kingdom's naval base on the island," FNA wrote, citing Arabic-language Al-Ittihad news' website.
© AFP 2018 / YURI KADOBNOV Saudi Arabia Backs Political Settlement in Syria Without Assad
Socotra Archipelago is located about 400 km from the Yemeni mainland in the Indian Ocean and consists of four islands. Its largest island, also called Socotra, was recognized by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 2008.
Saudi Arabia has been involved in the military conflict with Yemen for 144 days. Saudi authorities seek to bring back to power the country's former president Mansur Hadi, who resigned in January 2015 and fled the country due to attacks of the Houthi rebels.
The Saudi bombing campaign has so far claimed lives of about 5,419 Yemenis, including women and children.
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Prepare to get frightened by this evil piece of Doom !
Please welcome a new contributor in the team, Roman alias Mr. Sonic Boom from Germany. He's also a producer and the drummer in the stoner/sludge duo “Choke The Palm Tree”, check them out!
Dorre from Leuven (Belgium) was formed a few years ago as a continuation of the guitarist's previous band Pektop. Starting without any great plans they were rehearsing and randomly playing shows. As it started to get bigger they set up more and more shows first around Leuven and later on going further and further sharing the stage with some great bands. After their garage recording “Two Crawled Up the Mountain” near the end of 2015 and their first official release “One Collapsed at the Altar” in January 2016 they now release a split with Bethmoora, a sludgy 5-armed doom monster from Copenhagen (Denmark). Their first two chapters “Witches” and “Ousted” resulted in a self-produced demo “Demo 2016” which has been well received in the sludge and doom scene.
The three-track 12” vinyl split consists of two Dorre tracks and one Bethmoora track.
How is the sound ?
Let's start with Dorre: Imagine you're sneaking inside a light forest, looking around and get a deceptive feeling of comfort. As you proceed and wear on, things are getting darker and darker, grim and threatening faces reveal. The obscureness captures your imagination again and again and you can hardly escape it.
The music itself is characterized by slow but very driving parts, the warm fuzzy but widespread guitars are hugging you, no wait, they want to choke your body. The drums are HUGE. And when I say HUGE, I don't just mean they sound full and badass, I mean the drumshells sound threefold the normal size. While I'm talking to you as a drummer and producer, I really dig that drum sound. They are indeed very present so the guitars and bass are very slightly pushed backward. Not a big deal if you ask me but those big shells are master and everything else is slave. And this is exactly what's giving the vibes an extra drive.
You're hardly going to find guitar solos here, but when they come they're emerging out of the thick forest and provide a short lasting extra bloom to the frightening story the instruments tell.
I love progressive spice – especially when we talk about instrumental music – and I'm very glad that Dorre do not disappoint me. Furthermore, they pep up the sombrous rut with virtuoso, almost jazzy nuances which are really satisfying my needs. Right down the line, Dorre evolved from a dim and grim garage combo to a cunning massive creature which can't and shouldn't be hidden anymore.
Bethmoora's part of this split named “Succumb” is a 17-minute deep black sludge/doom attack to your intestines. Starting with a heavy and threatening drum intro, light guitar sounds fade in and hug your ear channels. Things building up more and more, I'm really getting excited what's coming next and then suddenly – the evilest demon you have ever “seen” reveals and hits you in the face for being too naïve feeling homely in the previous atmosphere. This is pure post-apocalypse, you're not welcome anymore. Trotting drums, guitars and disturbing, scream growling vocals proceed as they tell you it's not the planet you're used to anymore.
The last part of the song is a cold and clean guitar outro which lets you know everything's burned down and there's certainly no hope for peace any longer.
Not knowing that before I wrote this review, I learned that the lyrics of Bethmoora's tracks revolve around a common theme – a mythos that singer Anders has created. Deities, entities, occult rituals and eternal strife are all key ingredients of this vast, ever expanding, imaginary dark world.
Bethmoora has a true overwhelming sense of inducing your deepest fears of what's to come if dark and forbidding creatures take over control of everything.
Both parts of this split are well produced, very forceful and convincing, so it might not surprise you that both are indeed recorded in two different locations but mixed and mastered by the same studio and mastering engineer. They all did a great job and put the sound where it needed to be.
Why is this album worth listening ?
To see and hear that doom can be cultivated by kickass jazzy elements
To get caught by two different monsters and decide which one's more shocking
In what situation you should listen to this album ?
Certainly not alone at night in the forest – high risk of anxiety states. Invite two good friends, get yourself a good whiskey in a dim room and get doomed in your guts.
Something Particular to Note ?
Both cover arts are made by the same fabulous artist, Diaz Iñigo from the Philippines, who may be known to some of you having dealt with the matter.
Much of that jump comes from estimated gas in shale rocks, which drilling companies have only recently learned how to tap. They have developed a technique called hydraulic fracturing, in which water is injected at high pressure into wells to shatter rocks deep underground, helping to release trapped gas.
The method, perfected in recent years in places like Texas and Pennsylvania, has set off a boom in new drilling, but is coming under increasing regulatory and environmental scrutiny. Shale gas accounts for 616 trillion cubic feet of reserves, or a third of the total, according to the report.
“New and advanced exploration, well drilling and completion technologies are allowing us increasingly better access to domestic gas resources — especially ‘unconventional' gas — which, not that long ago, were considered impractical or uneconomical to pursue,” said John B. Curtis, a geology professor at the Colorado School of Mines and the report's principal author.
The huge increase in estimated gas supplies comes just as concerns about energy security and climate change are prompting the most profound shift in energy policy since the oil shocks of the 1970s.
The Obama administration has sought more stringent fuel standards for new cars, and Congress is debating regulations that would progressively limit carbon dioxide emissions throughout the economy. The administration has taken a cautious approach to conventional energy resources, freezing leases to develop oil shale reserves and carefully reviewing future offshore leases for oil and gas.
Instead, the administration seeks to increase the share of renewable energy, especially wind and solar power. But experts say that meeting these goals will prove challenging given the scale of the nation's energy use and the costs involved in switching from fossil fuels.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Shale gas currently provides a small fraction of the nation's total gas production. But many experts believe the rising supply of natural gas means it can substitute for other fossil fuels. With the output of conventional gas forecast to decline, the Energy Department expects that shale production will rise substantially to meet higher demand, as will import.
Natural gas accounts for about a quarter of the nation's total energy use, and 22 percent of electrical production. Coal accounts for about half of the nation's power generation, while oil dominates transportation fuels. While gas generates less carbon dioxide than oil or coal, it still accounted for about 20 percent of domestic energy-related emissions in 2006.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Energy Department estimates that demand for natural gas will rise by 13 percent by 2030. In the power sector, utilities have been switching to natural gas from coal, but further increases in the use of gas will most likely depend on whether Congress puts a price on carbon dioxide emissions, as it is considering. That would favor cleaner fuels like gas.
“It's nice to have aspirations about renewable energy and efficiency, but we need to recognize these are long-term goals and that we need something to get us there in the meantime,” said Guy F. Caruso, a former administrator of the Energy Information Administration. “Natural gas has a role to play as a bridge because of the long lead time and scalability issues of renewable fuels.”
That the nation's gas reserves were bigger than expected does not mean they will necessarily be developed, Mr. Caruso warned. “There are some things to be cautious about,” he said, “and obviously one of them is cost, and the other is regulatory risk.”
In recent years, industry executives and analysts have been surprised by the discovery and successful development of new supplies of shale gas, like the Barnett Shale in the area around Fort Worth.
But higher drilling costs and the extensive use of water to fracture shale rocks have raised concerns about the long-run commercial potential of these supplies. Some environmental groups fear that hydraulic fracturing will pollute drinking water, and Congress is considering tighter regulation of the practice.
Mr. Caruso said that gas prices needed to be around $4 to $6 per thousand cubic feet to justify developing shale beds. They have fallen below that level at times in recent months, though gas settled Wednesday at $4.25.
For advocates of the gas industry, the report vindicates the potential of natural gas in the economy.
“Natural gas is part of the solution for a low-carbon future, and not an impediment,” said Chris McGill, the managing director for policy analysis at the American Gas Association, a trade group. “It has been difficult to get policymakers over that hump. Many have a vision of gas as a resource we're running out of, and that's just not true.”
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 21, 12:30: A Bardney worker is to join the illustrious ranks of a former Queen and Dean by being immortalised as a stone gargoyle at Lincoln Cathedral.
Stuart Boyfield has had his face chiselled into a 6,000 carving at the cathedral as a reward for 30 years of loyal service.
Mr Boyfield, 50, whose job it is to unlock and lock the Cathedral's works yard every day, admitted he felt humbled.
"It is a great honour to have something like this done and I am very proud. I will be in the company of a former Queen, a Dean and of course the Lincoln Imp, " he said.
"To think that my likeness will be up there for the next 500 years and people will read records about it is really quite amazing."
The father-of-one first began working at the cathedral in 1977.
Mr Boyfield said: "To begin with I was just working as a normal bricklayer on houses around Lincoln and then I got a job working on properties owned by the cathedral.
"Then about eight years ago a chap retired and I was asked to apply for the job of domus supervisor.
"I am first in every morning to unlock the cathedral's works yard, that is why the carving shows me with a big set of keys because I always have them with me.
A Cathedral mason took two months to carve the metre high gargoyle from locally quarried Ancaster limestone. It will be displayed on the cathedral's south transept next month.
Mr Boyfield is depicted wearing a medieval cape, and carrying keys and a lantern. On the back of the figure is a wicker basket.
Peaking out from under the lid of the basket is a mysterious third hand holding a key, which signifies the key that Mr Boyfield hides away for safekeeping.
The face of former Dean, the Very Reverend Alec Knight, is also set 85ft above ground around the Dean's Eye stain glass window, and in the choir stalls is the stone carving of Queen Eleanor of Castile, wife of Edward I, who died nearby.
MVIHES wants to educate residents on water balance in the stream
Mid Vancouver Island Habitat Enhancement Society vice-president Peter Law, with his dog Bella, looks at some of the restoration work the society did on Shelly Creek at the end of Blower Road in Parksville back in 2015. The rocks on either side of the creek, which will be filling up in the coming weeks, are meant to deal with the erosion from the creek. — Lauren Collins photo
Local stream stewards are hoping to educate people on water balance and sediment reduction for Shelly Creek.
The Mid Vancouver Island Habitat Enhancement Society (MVIHES) has spent recent years working to restore Shelly Creek, which runs through Parksville and Errington. Shelly Creek is a tributary of the Englishman River.
MVIHES, working in partnership with the City of Parksville, the Regional District of Nanaimo, Pacific Salmon Foundation and the Partnership for Water Sustainability in B.C. released an engineering study last month on how to restore watershed hydrology, prevent stream erosion and ensure fish survival.
To learn more about the report, visit www.mvihes.bc.ca/current-initiatives/the-imbalance-of-the-shelly-creek-watershed.
Peter Law, MVIHES vice president, said the local stream stewards began surveying the creek in 2010 and, in the first year, the sampling showed a high number of fish in the creek. He said at times there were upwards of 8,000 fish coming out of the stream.
However, in the first three years of monitoring the stream, Law said, the group noticed the site had some of the highest levels of sediment of any waterway in the regional district.
Law said MVIHES then decided to look into what was causing the sediment load that was making the stream wider and reducing the pools. He said the stream steward did a survey from Blower Road (just off Stanford Avenue) to Bellevue Road, looking at every metre of the stream to find the sediment source and to see if it was coming from one site, or many.
Law said the stream stewards did the same survey using the same method on almost the same stretch of water back in 1999.
What MVIHES found, Law said, was that the stream was putting more water through because of nearby developments.
He said the creek now has five times more water running through it than what was originally flowing through the creekbed.
Law said the stream is meant to have one litre per second, per hectare flowing through in its original, natural condition.
“The natural condition is no development,” Law said. “We're not trying to get back to no development, we're just trying to understand why the stream is the way it is.”
Because the stream is pushing so much water through, Law said, the trees and land around the stream are eroding.
In 2015, MVIHES conducted a project at the end of Blower Road to stop the erosion by placing large rocks on either side of the stream. However, that portion of the stream is filling up with sediment again.
“What's happening is erosion from above (upstream) is starting to impact this site here,” Law said. “We're happy that sediment from the (Blower Road) site is not creating sediment downstream, but there's sediment coming from upstream.”
Now the society's goal is to educate people in the watershed surrounding Shelly Creek. Law said the group will be conducting “kitchen table talks” to educate people on the effects of excess water running through the stream.
“We've got some issues around trying to slow the water down. As lands get developed, we ditch and we drain everything and that moves water into the channel faster and pushes it into this place,” Law said.
“As a site is developed or cleared, you're actually looking at how you can slow the water down from that site, not drain it. You want to slow the water down, you want to put it back into that shallow groundwater to allow it to slowly work its way into this (creek) so Mother Nature can kind of take the water and not destroy the stream.”
Some of these options, Law said, could include rain gardens, planted depressions that allow rainwater runoff from urban areas to be absorbed.
Law said if people want to learn more about how they can balance rainwater on their properties they can visit https://waterbalance.ca/tool/water-balance-express/.
“We're looking at those kinds of options. We realize that that will take a long time, but we have to educate.”
Description
Dolphin Island 2 is game made by Jan (@AldianSolkai) and James (@jtangc) for the A Game By It's Cover 2015 Game Jam (http://agbic.com/) --where we have to make a game based on a fake cover art-- and the Indie Game Making Contest 2015 (http://contest.gamedevfort.com/​) by Humble Bundle.
We chose Dolphin Island 2's cover by Ko Takeuchi (@kokosac_world), one of the designers behind the Wario Ware and Rhythm Heaven series.
Feel free to talk to us on Twitter and tell us what you think about the game!
Controls:
Movement : Arrow keys or WSAD (keyboard) or Dpad (360 Controllers)
Attack : X or J or Ctrl (keyboard) or X (360 Controllers)
Jump : Z or K or Space (keyboard) or A (360 Controllers)
Pause : P (keyboard) or Y (360 Controllers)
"Thanks to Sora and Momo peace has returned to Dolphin Island.
After returning from the game world to reality, something happens to Sora.
The program for the peaceful Dolphin Island is rewritten by someone and the Devil King they had worked so hard to beat has revived.
The classmates that had the game cassettes are all captured by the Devil King.
Sora looks for programmers in the real world.
In Sora's stead, Aisha dives into the game world to rescue their classmates.
While coming and going between the two worlds, can they beat the Demon King and rescue their classmates?"
Scientists have found a previously unsuspected place where radioactive material from the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant disaster has accumulated--in sands and brackish groundwater beneath beaches up to 60 miles away. The sands took up and retained radioactive cesium originating from the disaster in 2011 and have been slowly releasing it back to the ocean.
"No one is either exposed to, or drinks, these waters, and thus public health is not of primary concern here," the scientists said in a study published October 2 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. But "this new and unanticipated pathway for the storage and release of radionuclides to the ocean should be taken into account in the management of coastal areas where nuclear power plants are situated."
The research team--Virginie Sanial, Ken Buesseler, and Matthew Charette of Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and Seiya Nagao of Kanazawa University--hypothesize that high levels of radioactive cesium-137 released in 2011 were transported along the coast by ocean currents. Days and weeks after the accident, waves and tides brought the cesium in these highly contaminated waters onto the coast, where cesium became "stuck" to the surfaces of sand grains. Cesium-enriched sand resided on the beaches and in the brackish, slightly salty mixture of fresh water and salt water beneath the beaches.
But in salt water, cesium no longer "sticks" to the sand. So when more recent waves and tides brought in salty seawater from the ocean, the brackish water underneath the beaches became salty enough to release the cesium from the sand, and it was carried back into the ocean.
"No one expected that the highest levels of cesium in ocean water today would be found not in the harbor of the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant, but in the groundwater many miles away below the beach sands," said Sanial.
The scientists estimated that the amount of contaminated water flowing into the ocean from this brackish groundwater source below the sandy beaches is as large as the input from two other known sources: ongoing releases and runoff from the nuclear power plant site itself, and outflow from rivers that continue to carry cesium from the fallout on land in 2011 to the ocean on river-borne particles. All three of these ongoing sources are thousands of times smaller today compared with the days immediately after the disaster in 2011.
The team sampled eight beaches within 60 miles of the crippled Fukushima Dai-ichi Nuclear Power Plant between 2013 and 2016. They plunged 3- to 7-foot-long tubes into the sand, pumped up underlying groundwater, and analyzed its cesium-137 content. The cesium levels in the groundwater were up to 10 times higher than the levels found in seawater within the harbor of the nuclear power plant itself. In addition, the total amount of cesium retained more than 3 feet deep in the sands is higher than what is found in sediments on the seafloor offshore of the beaches.
Cesium has a long half-life and persists in the environment. In their analyses of the beaches, the scientists detected not only cesium-137, which may have come from the Dai-ichi plant or from nuclear weapons tested in the 1950s and1960s, but also cesium-134, a radioactive form of cesium that can only come from the 2011 Fukushima accident.
The researchers also conducted experiments on Japanese beach samples in the lab to demonstrate that cesium did indeed "stick" to sand grains and then lost their "stickiness" when they were flushed with salt water.
"It is as if the sands acted as a 'sponge' that was contaminated in 2011 and is only slowly being depleted," said Buesseler.
"Only time will slowly remove the cesium from the sands as it naturally decays away and is washed out by seawater," said Sanial.
"There are 440 operational nuclear reactors in the world, with approximately one-half situated along the coastline," the study's authors wrote. So this previously unknown, ongoing, and persistent source of contamination to coastal oceans "needs to be considered in nuclear power plant monitoring and scenarios involving future accidents."
###
This research was funded by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Deerbrook Charitable Trust, and the European Commission Seventh Framework Project "Coordination and implementation of a Pan-Europe Instrument for Radioecology."
Thousands Of Firefighters Battle Massive Big Sur Blaze
Enlarge this image toggle caption Terry Chea/AP Terry Chea/AP
A wildfire on the central California coast has burned more than 38,000 acres and could continue throughout August. Already, the Soberanes fire has destroyed at least 60 homes, and one man died when a bulldozer he was driving near the fire line rolled over on steep terrain.
Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park and seven other state parks and outdoor attractions nearby are closed until further notice because of smoke, fire danger and closed roads. The summer months are usually the high season for tourists visiting the region's rugged coastline.
The California Parks Service has also instituted emergency rules for water use in the area. The state is entering its fifth year of drought.
Since the Soberanes fire began nine days ago, it has grown rapidly. Last week, as temperatures soared into the 90s and dry, windy weather fanned the flames, the fire tore through thousands of acres of chaparral in the Los Padres National Forest.
1 week time lapse of the #SoberanesFire - now larger than the city of San Francisco at 31,386 acres. pic.twitter.com/P9p7bLMel9 — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 29, 2016
On Saturday, slightly cooler weather and overnight fog slowed the fire somewhat, according to CalFire, the state agency in charge of fighting wildfires. CalFire says 350 people have been evacuated to the nearby town of Carmel from areas east and south of the fire. On Sunday, additional evacuation warnings were announced for residents in the nearby communities of Cachagua and Tassajara, Calif.
A spokesman for the agency, Daniel Berlant, wrote on Twitter more than 5,000 people are now helping to fight the blaze. Fire crews traveled from across California as well as Colorado, Utah, Arizona and Oregon, reports The Monterey Herald.
Images taken by satellites show smoke from the Soberanes fire and another blaze near Los Angeles, the Sand fire, are visible from space.
As the Two-Way reported, the Sand fire caused hundreds of evacuations, destroyed 18 homes and killed on person before crews got it under control on Friday.
North Korea might be an unlikely place to find a PC factory, but the country has started manufacturing three models of computers, according to a recent state TV report.
The report, on the country's main 8pm evening news, took viewers inside the factory that's making the computers. The factory and the computers are far removed from the advanced and automated production lines that churn out thousands of laptops each day in neighboring China.
In one shot, eight workers could be seen sitting in front of a long, green bench carrying out tasks such as installing the keyboard and checking the laptop hinge. In another shot, a worker appeared to be testing a new laptop by scrolling through screens.
The three computers consist of two for educational use and one for office use.
The educational computers each run the same custom software and come in two versions: one is a netbook-sized laptop, and the other is a bland-looking box with a keyboard and mouse, that's designed to be connected to a television.
"You can use multimedia educational materials," said Pae Myong-sok, a factory representative interviewed in the TV report. "For example, you can view elementary and middle schools textbooks, do intellectual training exercises, view various types of dictionaries, edit documents and even learn foreign languages."
The office computer is a laptop and runs productivity software and includes a web browser, Pae said. It's also netbook-sized and has dual USB ports -- something that's not included on the educational machines -- for data transfer. The battery lasts about two and a half hours, the report said.
No other specifications or details were offered in the report. The operating system was unclear from the TV images, but it didn't appear to be Windows. North Korea has developed its own version of Linux called "Red Star" and it's possible the computers are running that.
"The devices and programs of these computers were designed and developed purely using our own expertise," said Pae. "These computers have low prime cost but are designed to carry out all the necessary functions without difficulty."
The factory was identified as belonging to the "Information Technology Institute." No other affiliation was provided, but the name matches a unit of Pyongyang's Korea Computer Center (KCC). The KCC is one of North Korea's centers for information technology study and learning and has successfully marketed a handful of software applications overseas.
North Korea is one of the most tightly controlled countries in the world. Few homes have computers and those that do are not permitted access to the Internet. A domestic intranet service is available at libraries and educational establishments.
Martyn Williams covers Japan and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Follow Martyn on Twitter at @martyn_williams. Martyn's e-mail address is martyn_williams@idg.com
CTVNews.ca Staff
Ontario school boards notified parents that schools would be closed Friday, preferring not to wait for a decision from the province's Labour Relations Board on whether a teachers' walkout would be illegal.
The board began hearing arguments around 3 p.m. Thursday, but by 11 p.m. it was still trying to come to a decision.
Peel District School Board is encouraging parents to check for updates tonight and Friday morning to find out whether schools will be open. The Toronto District School Board and Ottawa Carleton Board were among those who decided to close their schools regardless of the hearing's outcome, saying there is not enough certainty about whether the schools will have adequate supervision for students.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty says the province is seeking an injunction to prevent the walkout, calling it an "illegal strike."
He says while the one-day walkout the teachers held in December was legal, Friday's scheduled walkout will be illegal because the province has now imposed two-year collective agreements.
He also urged teachers not to let the dispute affect students.
“I understand that we have some differences. I respect their right to give expression to those differences,” McGuinty told reporters on Thursday in Newmarket. “Let's leave the students out of it.”
For its part, the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario insists it's not a strike at all. They're calling it a one-day political protest that is protected under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
If the protest is ruled illegal and the teachers go ahead with it anyway, McGuinty wouldn't say whether the government would go after the teachers in court.
Individual teachers could be fined up to $2,000 for illegal strike action. But since 92 per cent of the union voted last month in favour of a one-day walkout, it seems they're willing to take the chance.
“We are going ahead with our day of protest we will deal with whatever comes over the next few days,” Elementary Teachers' Federation President Sam Hammond told reporters Wednesday.
He says the protest is what his 76,000 members want.
The ETFO said teachers will picket at schools, the Ministry of Education and the Toronto constituency offices of several MPPs, including Minister of Education Laurel Broten and Ontario Liberal leadership candidates Eric Hoskins and Kathleen Wynne.
No matter what you call the day of action, it's left parents of young students scrambling. Some parents are planning to stay home from work to care for their children, while many daycares are planning to stay open all day to accommodate the children. But other parents, who don't use daycares, are now rushing to make alternative child care arrangements.
Ottawa-area parent Vicky Edgecombe says she wishes the two sides would just resolve their differences.
“It's affecting the kids. It's affecting their education," she told CTV Ottawa.
Fellow parent Keely Davison says she's irritated by the short notice that parents were given this time.
"It's always just juggling the schedules and trying to figure out how you're going to accommodate for your child, where they're going to be on Friday, what you're going to do about work," she said.
Still, Davison and her 11-year-old daughter Taya say they support the teachers.
“I think they have a right to strike because the government has taken away their rights to do things,” she said.
This most-recent job action was spurred when Education Minister Laurel Broten used Bill 115 to impose contracts on the thousands of teachers on Jan. 3 after the province's school boards failed to reach an agreement on new contracts after a Dec. 31 deadline. The contracts imposed froze wages for two years and put an end to the banking of sick days to be used at retirement.
Friday will not be the end of the planned protests.
The province's high school teachers announced late Wednesday they will hold a day of political protest on Jan. 16 if the government does not repeal Bill 115, rescind the imposed contracts and restore free collective bargaining.
"It is regrettable that the provincial government has chosen to continue down this path and not respect the rights of education workers," the union's president Ken Coran said in a news statement.
The teachers have already been boycotting extracurricular activities, in response to the legislation.
With a report from CTV Ottawa's John Hua and CTV Toronto's Zuraidah Alman
PORTLAND, Ore. - A Portland man lost his dog and then more than a year later he found it with a new owner, but the new owner refuses to give it back. Now the dispute could end up in the courtroom.
Sam Hanson-Fleming says he loves his dog Chase and wants him back, but the new owner, Jordan Biggs, a student from Portland and who is studying in Corvallis, says the dog is now hers. She has named the dog Bear and she's filed a lawsuit to keep him.
Hanson-Fleming says Chase jumped the fence in the spring of last year. He tried to find him by putting up fliers and calling shelters over and over again. But he finally concluded his dog was gone for good.
But when he was in a Dutch Brothers drive-thru in May of this year, he happened to glance at the car behind him.
"I look in my rearview mirror, and there's Chase," he said Thursday. "Right between her seats, staring me right in the face - and I'm like 'No, no - you know, in just disbelief."
Biggs' attorney did not return a phone call Thursday. But Biggs' mother spoke about her daughter's love for the dog in a video on Facebook.
"According to her, God intervened when he sent her Bear," she says. "Bear was a stray dog that wandered into Jordan's life and changed it in many ways. Now she's trained Bear as a service dog who helps her in case she has an asthma attack."
Who is the rightful owner? The decision went to the Multnomah County Animal Services director, Mike Oswald. He asked for evidence from both sides. The ruling?
"Based upon all that I had, it appeared that the dog, Chase, is really owned by Mr. Hanson-Fleming," he said.
But Hanson-Fleming says Biggs still won't give him back the dog even after the ruling and says Biggs has filed suit in court, demanding that she keep the dog.
Brown signs Internet security bills
The governor approves laws on notification of security breaches and Web tracking, and limits on collection of data from public transit fare cards.
Separate legislation by Assemblywoman Nora Campos (D-San Jose) requires local government agencies to notify residents if a data breach has occurred that could compromise their personal data. That bill is AB 1149.
"Many consumers now conduct their day-to-day personal business online, including banking and paying bills, which creates more opportunities for sophisticated cybercriminals to access and steal their personal information," said Sen. Ellen M. Corbett (D-San Leandro), who introduced the measure, SB 46.
One measure requires state agencies and businesses that operate websites to notify people when security information, including their user names and passwords, has been breached.
SACRAMENTO — Californians who use the Internet will get new protection against identity theft and tracking of their personal data under a cluster of bills signed into law Friday by Gov. Jerry Brown.
The governor also signed a measure mandating that websites tell users if tracking technology is being employed to collect information about their online activities.
Some Web browsers offer "do not track" setting, but sites aren't legally required to comply with such a request.
The new law, by Assemblyman Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) will let Internet users know if a particular site or mobile app is honoring the "do not track" request. The California attorney general's office supported the bill, AB 370.
Brown also approved a measure aimed at guarding the privacy of public transit riders who pay with electronic fare cards, such as the Transit Access Pass (TAP) card in Los Angeles County.
The measure limits the use of personal information, including travel data that is collected each time a card is swiped. The personal data cannot be sold under the terms of AB 179 by Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra (D-Pacoima).
In all, the governor signed 26 bills Friday, including one that makes California the first state to require recycling of old mattresses.
"I applaud the efforts of the authors in creating a program to lessen impacts to California landfills, reduce costs to local governments and remove blight in rural and inner-city neighborhoods," Brown said in a statement.
He said more details need to be worked out with the bill's author, Sen. Loni Hancock (D-Berkeley). The recycling program will be operated by an industry group funded by a still-to-be-determined consumer fee on the purchase of new mattresses, for example. The bill is SB 254.
The governor also gave a boost to proposals by the Sacramento Kings and Golden State Warriors basketball teams for new sports arenas.
He signed a bill making it harder to sue to block the Sacramento project, as well as streamlining environmental regulations for development near transit stations in cities throughout California.
The measure promotes "smart urban growth, which is a victory for the economy, for the environment, and for California," said Senate leader Darrell Steinberg (D-Sacramento), author of SB 743.
Ken Miller, Ph.D., is the State Treasurer of Oklahoma. A Republican, Miller was first elected to a four-year term in 2010 and was unopposed for re-election in 2014. Miller earned his Ph.D. in economics from the University of Oklahoma, an M.B.A. from Pepperdine University and a bachelor's degree in economics and finance from Lipscomb University. His fields of specialization are applied public economics and public finance effects on economic growth. This article originally appeared in Treasurer Miller's Oklahoma Economic Report.
State government has four core responsibilities – education, health care, public safety and transportation. It is those fundamental services on which the people depend to have productive lives. For businesses, those services done right provide an environment in which they can thrive.
Analysis of data released this month by the U.S. Census Bureau, along with the most-recent data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis, Federal Highway Administration, and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, shows that, even when adjusted for Oklahoma's relatively low cost of living, funding for core services still lags the region and the nation.
No one will argue that funding alone ensures success, but comparing Oklahoma's spending to the rest of the states provides a relative measure of where we stand.
Common education funding
Adjusted for price parity, or cost of living differentials between the states, Oklahoma spends less per pupil than 44 other states and the District of Columbia. At $8,689, Oklahoma's per pupil common education spending is 14.5 percent less than the $10,163 average of its six border states. State school spending is 21 percent below the $11,009 national per pupil average.
Health care safety net
In addition to data showing Oklahoma's relatively low ranking in numerous measures of public health, including smoking rates, obesity and the number of people with health insurance, the state ranks low in spending per Medicaid enrollee.
Oklahoma ranks 41st in price parity-adjusted spending per Medicaid patient.
In this category, after adjusting for costof-living differences, Oklahoma spends less than the six border states' average and the national average. The state's $5,307 average spent per Medicaid enrollee is 14 percent below the border states and 8.3 percent below the national average.
Transportation
For the past several years, Oklahoma policymakers have made a concerted effort to boost transportation funding. Progress has been made, as deficient bridges have been repaired and significant highway construction has been undertaken, but compared to the rest of the nation, Oklahoma's ranking still trails most states.
Only 10 states spend less per lane mile on transportation than Oklahoma, after accounting for price parity.
The state's adjusted spending of $11,250 per lane mile is 39 percent below the national average, but less than one-half of one percent below the average of Oklahoma's six border states.
Police and corrections
At first glance, Oklahoma's relative ranking in per capita spending on police and corrections might appear to be positive news. The state ranks 25th in the nation and ahead of four of its border states in cost-of-living adjusted spending on this category.
But when one considers Oklahoma's high incarceration rate and the reported status of state correctional operations, the ranking seems less impressive.
Oklahoma's $511 cost-of-living adjusted per capita spending on police and corrections is 7.8 percent less than the national average and 2.9 percent less than the average of the border states.
Poor state?
While some might argue Oklahoma's low ranking in core service funding is because “we're a poor state,” the latest figures on per capita personal income (PCPI), not even adjusted for cost of living, say otherwise.
Oklahoma incomes have improved in recent years, ranking 30th in the nation in the third quarter of last year. State PCPI lags the national average by 8.8 percent, and is higher than the average of its border states by 0.5 percent.
Relative comparison
The data used for the core funding comparisons, while the most recent available, are from FY-14 for education, transportation and public safety. The Medicaid numbers date to FY-11.
Compared to an analysis conducted last year, with numbers from FY-13 and FY-10, the updated figures show only minor changes from state to state and no significant change in Oklahoma's rankings.
Even though the figures used are a few years old, there is little reason to believe the relative status of Oklahoma's funding of core services has improved appreciably. If anything, the relative position has worsened due to multi-year budget cuts.
We can do better
The people and businesses of Oklahoma deserve quality education, affordable health care, safe neighborhoods and good roads. Investing more money in those services doesn't guarantee they'll yield the desired results, but it helps if spending is adequate. It takes more than just dollars to ensure success, but sufficient spending would be a good start.
The opinions stated above are not necessarily those of OK Policy, its staff, or its board. This blog is a venue to help promote the discussion of ideas from various points of view and we invite your comments and contributions. To see our guidelines for blog submissions, click here.
By Fabian Mayer, November 17 2015 —
The University of Calgary plans to take over the operation of MacHall from its Students' Union when the operating agreement between the two parties is terminated on Dec. 9.
Attempts to negotiate a new operating agreement stalled this year after disagreements over who owns the building. The dispute was made public in September and the SU is now suing the university in an attempt to gain legal ownership of MacHall.
SU president Levi Nilson said they received a letter from administration last week outlining the university's intentions.
“It was a quick letter saying they would be assuming all revenue in the building — which I've said before I think is inappropriate,” Nilson said.
Vice-president operations and finance Sarah Pousette announced Tuesday that the SU plans to file an injunction to continue operating the building under the current agreement until the lawsuit is resolved.
The SU relies heavily on the revenue obtained by renting out space in MacHall to provide student services.
Nilson said losing that revenue would have a huge impact on the organization, and that he doesn't understand the university's motivations.
“It would be devastating to the SU. It would essentially destroy the SU for no reason that we can see other than they want to,” Nilson said.
The university has said it will work with the SU to support student programs, activities and services. University administration declined interview requests but provided the following statement.
“Planning for the management and operation of MacHall is currently underway, and information will be shared with the campus community once that plan is finalized.”
Nilson said the impact of losing revenue from MacHall would be “pretty immediate.” However, he remains confident pursuing legal action was the right decision.
“Our other option was to let the university take over the building and treat us like tenants,” Nilson said. “Either way, we were not in a great spot. But I think with how strong our case is this was definitely the best direction that we could have gone.”
Negotiations on an operating agreement to replace the current 1999 deal began nearly three years ago. The agreement divides rights and responsibilities within the building between the SU and the university. Administration rescinded its offer to renew the agreement after the SU served them with a lawsuit.
The university filed its statement of defence on Nov. 10. It argues that the university owns MacHall and rejects the allegations made by the SU in its statement of claim.
Nilson wasn't surprised by any of the arguments made in the statement of defence, but still believes the SU's case is strong.
“We were confident going in. We were confident when we filed the statement of claim. We were confident when we served them, and we are confident now that the statement of defence has been filed.”
[Important Announcement] Ubuntu GNOME Team needs Contributors
Hello Everyone, As discussed and agreed at the monthly meeting [1] for Ubuntu GNOME team, I'd like to announce that the beginning for a recruitment process that will start from now until the release date of Ubuntu 13.10. After that, another round, if needed, may start. *Ubuntu GNOME Team is recruiting* As you may know, we are still a young project with few active contributors. In order to improve everything, we need to grow bigger. However, grow bigger does not really mean MORE members. We seek and need Quality over Quantity. Having that said, it would be less helpful if we will have said 50 contributors but none of them will be available when we really need some/few. I hope you see and understand where I'm coming form :) *Areas that need help and support - more contributors* 1. Development: We do have amazing, talented and skilled developers and we seek more for more options and features :) 2. Testing: We are in BAD NEED to more testers. This is very important. I am going to ask for extra help on Ubuntu Quality Mailing List. I know Ubuntu GNOME Saucy is doing fine but having more testers will make the process much faster and better. Trust me :) 3. Documentation and Wiki: It is true that I have built a nice area but I do need help. We do need more on that area. 4. Communications and Marketing [Website, Facebook, Twitter and Google+]: I do have access on all of these areas but I do need help. The more, the better. 5. Artwork: We have a very smart and active Artwork Team Leader but I am planning to bring some extra help so that we could have more options. While one of the Artwork guys take care of the Slide Show, Branding, etc ... the other one will take care of the wallpapers and some other stuff. I did my best to narrow down these areas and come up with the 5 main important areas. Importance is according to the sequence which means, Artwork is less priority than Testing for example. *Your Help is needed* - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuGNOME/GettingInvolved - Please, if you are interested in any of the above, write your details here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuGNOME/GettingInvolved/WhoWeAre - We need someone who stay for the long run. We are looking for people who stick around :) we don't want people on temporary basis. - This is as you know, a volunteer job. You are doing it because you are loving it and so passionate about. Having that said, you don't really have to do that if you can't for any reason. If you want to give back something to Ubuntu GNOME and Linux in general, that would be so kind and nice of you. If you can't, we totally understand that :) Please, if you have any question, let me know! Thank you for reading and excuse me if there are some spelling mistakes, I am in my zombie mode and I must ZzZz right away :) THANK YOU for choosing and using Ubuntu GNOME. Because of all of you, we are here and this system is alive and doing well. Special thanks to each and everyone who is contributing and participating to this amazing system and great family! Best Regards, [1] - https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UbuntuGNOME/Meetings/16092013 -- Remember: "All of us are smarter than any one of us." Best Regards, amjjawad <https://wiki.ubuntu.com/amjjawad> Areas of Involvement <https://wiki.ubuntu.com/amjjawad/AreasOfInvolvement> My Projects <https://wiki.ubuntu.com/amjjawad/Projects> -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-gnome/attachments/20130919/7210eed2/attachment-0001.html>
Strongboxes can never reward items that can be purchased with Conquest Points.
Strongboxes can never reward cloaks, necks, or rings.
Strongboxes can never reward items with set bonuses.
Since the release of Patch 6.2, we've gotten a ton of feedback regarding the Champion's Strongboxes rewarded from Ashran and Rated Battlegrounds. We've been discussing that feedback heavily since the patch released, and wanted to take a moment to clarify some confusion as well as share an upcoming change.To start, we'd like to clarify exactly what can be found inside a Champion's Strongbox, as some (though certainly not all) players seemed to be anticipating items that they'd never have been able to get from the Strongboxes anyway:With that said, we definitely recognize that the Strongbox rewards (or rewards from any box, for that matter) are unclear, and that's something we're looking to improve upon in the future.In addition, we're currently in the process of applying a hotfix that will remove the Versatility belts, boots, and bracers from the Strongboxes, and make them available on the Conquest vendors instead. Once this hotfix is active, Champion's Strongboxes will only reward helms, chestpieces, gloves, shoulders, and legs, as well as the Accolade random stat trinkets. Remember that armor pieces earned from Strongboxes do not grant set bonuses, so most players will only want to equip one of those pieces.We feel that this change will allow there to still be a benefit to earning the Champion's Strongboxes over the course of the season, but due to the fact that you'll still want to complete your set bonuses, that benefit will be a little extra flexibility in gearing choices instead of simply having Versatility items another player may not have won. This also greatly increases the chances of earning a desirable item from your Strongbox (at least, until you have everything you want from them) by reducing the overall number of possible items you could get.Thanks again for all of the feedback on this topic. We're hopeful that this change will greatly improve the gearing experience in Warlords Season 2, and are taking all of your feedback to heart as we plan for future seasons.
I'm a big Apple fanboy. I love my Mac and I love gaming. I've seen with great pleasure macOS gaming completely evolve in the last few years. I remember the times when the top games available were Spore or Age of Empires II (and this was around 2008!). Yet, I have to admit I just spent the last 3 hours playing on Windows (Guild Wars 2 is just that good!)…
The truth is, although you can play plenty of awesome games on macOS right now, some of the very best games are still Windows only.
Think for example:
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – 94 Metacritic score
Batman Arkham City – 92 Metacritic score
Mass Effect games – 89 – 94 Metacritic score
Battlefield 3 – 89 Metacritic score
So where does that leaves us? Can a serious gamer really consider getting a Mac for gaming?
The Mac platform has never been stronger
I will not get tired of saying this: Mac gaming is here and it is here to stay. We are witnessing its golden age, with more and more AAA games appearing on the platform. We even have huge games with the same release date between macOS and Windows! You can play some of the highest rated modern games right now. Don't believe me? Check these out:
Starcraft II – 93 Metacritic score
World of Warcraft – 92 Metacritic score
Civilization V – 90 Metacritic score
Portal 2 – 95 Metacritic score
Deus Ex: Human Revolution – 90 Metacritic score
It doesn't take a crystal ball to predict things will keep getting better and better: Apple and its products keep selling more and more. Therefore more and more people have Macs and are willing to spend some serious cash on software, including games. The more potential customers, the more reasons for developers to make games for Mac… Simple.
Gamers can be more than happy gaming on a Mac.
If you have a Mac for any given reason AND also enjoy gaming, you can survive and even have some fun gaming on your Mac. I'm not talking about playing Age of Empires II, the original Starcraft or any other 10-year-old game. I'm talking about the coolest modern games available right now, natively.
But what about hardcore gamers?
If you are a true hardcore gamer, wanting to max out all specs and smoothly run the latest and most sophisticated games, Mac gaming will not be enough for 2 reasons:
1 – The hardware: It can be very good but not optimal for hardcore gaming: the latest iMac has great specs, however, it lacks a top of line graphics cards (like the latest 499$ Nvidia GTX 680 for instance), and that is the main limiting factor for hardcore gaming.
2 – Choice is still “poor”: Some awesome games exist but a lot of other awesome games do not. Think about me and Guild Wars 2, or all of those eager to play Borderlands 2 and Fifa 13.
Are hardcore gamers lost forever?
NO, you can have your cake and eat it too. You have 2 choices:
1 – Use Bootcamp:
You can get a high-end iMac like this one and install Bootcamp: you will be able to have an awesome machine with all the perks of OS X, play some great games like Starcraft 2 natively and if you really want to play Guild Wars 2 for example, you can play it using the Bootcamp Windows installation right there on the same machine and install any Windows game you can think of and run it as you would on a “normal” Windows machine.
This solution will help you solve problem number 2 described above: A limited selection of games. For a solution for problem number 1: The hardware, keep reading…
2 – Build a Hackintosh Pro:
The ultimate solution for hardcore gamers is to go the Hackintosh route. I am preparing a more detailed post explaining more in detail how to build yourself a Hackintosh and the advantages (and disadvantages) of going that route.
In a nutshell, a Hackintosh is a computer not made by Apple that can run OS X. Now that Apple uses Intel processors and more and more “standard” motherboards, it is much more simple to build a Hackintosh.What does this mean for a hardcore gamer?
What does this mean for a hardcore gamer?
By carefully selecting components (the closer they are to those used by Apple, the easier it will be to have a stable machine), you can build yourself a monster gaming machine capable of playing the newest games at maxed out settings on Windows AND also have OS X on the same machine! And this will cost you a lot less than a Mac Pro!
I have a Hackintosh myself and I can tell you it works as advertised! I use it as I did my previous iMac, and when I really want to test a new game only available on Windows, I launch the Windows partition and play as if my machine was a Gamer rig.
What is your setup? Don't be shy, leave a comment!
Bobby Fulton is a cannabis-oil evangelist. The Australian woman uprooted her family two weeks ago to spend the summer in Victoria so her two daughters suffering a rare degenerative lung disease could get a steady, legal supply of the drug.
The family of seven has been given free accommodation in Victoria and free cannabis by a local marijuana advocate and says it is now taking advantage of last month's Supreme Court ruling ensuring a patient's right to consume cannabis derivatives, which Ms. Fulton credits with extending her daughters' lives.
Back in their Australian hometown, located just south of Adelaide, 12-year-old Tabetha and Georgia-Grace, eight, used corticosteroids to manage the inflammation for years, but those drugs have caused serious side effects such as osteoporosis, weight gain and damage to the liver and kidneys, Ms. Fulton said.
Story continues below advertisement
Both need to be hooked up to a constant supply of oxygen to manage the inflammation of their lungs that makes them feel as if "it's like they're walking up a very, very steep hill," Ms. Fulton said.
After her elder daughter collapsed last October from toxic levels of the steroids, the family tried cannabis oil.
Within two weeks, Tabetha's heart had returned to its normal size and a month after consuming cannabis oil on a daily basis she needed oxygen only at night, her mother said.
But using cannabis oil in Tabetha's situation was still illegal in their state, so they are spending six weeks in Victoria to treat both daughters with a millilitre of sunflower oil infused with THC each morning.
"Our main objective is, of course, to extend our daughters' lives," Ms. Fulton said.
Ms. Fulton said she makes the oil herself by cooking dried marijuana at a heat low enough to extract the medicinal, not psychoactive, ingredients from the drug. Alex Abellan, the founder of the National Access Cannabis chain of clinics, said the two girls are on a six-month medical visa and were able to get medical marijuana prescriptions mailed to his home, where he is letting the Fultons stay, through the federally licensed system.
So far, 11 of Canada's 25 licensed commercial-scale pot growers have applied to Health Canada to sell cannabis oils, but they must pass inspections of their new production facilities before they receive an official exemption to sell the new products.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Last month, the Supreme Court of Canada released a unanimous decision that said patients had the right to consume the drug in ways other than smoking, such as oils, cookies and tinctures. The court said Health Canada's system subjected sick people to the risk of cancer and bronchial infections and could prevent them from choosing a more effective treatment.
At the time, federal Health Minister Rona Ambrose said she was outraged by the ruling, but Health Canada announced last week that it would allow licensed producers to sell the oil. The producers have been mailing dried marijuana to registered patients since the medical marijuana system was overhauled last year.
Producers will not be able to sell seeds or any plant material that can be used to propagate marijuana.
Brent Zettl, CEO of licensed producer Prairie Plant Systems, estimated that every one of the licensed commercial growers will eventually seek Health Canada's approval to cultivate and sell cannabis oil, a process that will be "just like a brand-new application, almost." He said producers will want to capitalize on the high consumer demand for oils, especially from parents of sick children and seniors who are against smoking dried cannabis, which activates more of the plant's psychoactive properties.
Mr. Zettl, whose company was the first grower licensed under Health Canada's new regime, said the addition of oils could give the industry a much-needed boost in sales. He said Canada's network of large growers are supplying only about half the roughly 42,000 patients that were registered under the old federal system, which allowed small-scale licensed producers to grow at home. Health Canada couldn't confirm these numbers Thursday.
"Everyone's hurting," he said of the licensed producers.
Story continues below advertisement
By offering oils, producers also hope to bridge the "large disconnect" with the country's medical establishment, he said. Doctors are the gatekeepers to the medical marijuana system, but the majority have resisted prescribing the drug because of a dearth of clinical evidence and a fear over improper dosing.
Oils are more "pharmaceutical-like" because the strength of their THC and CBD content must be measured in milligrams per millilitre, Mr. Zettl said. Those will offer doctors "something they're more used to seeing" rather than the percentages that must be provided for dried medical marijuana buds, he added. Under the new guidelines, the label must indicate the equivalence to dried buds. Mr. Zettl estimated that a 100-millilitre bottle of cannabis oil could be the same amount as 15 to 30 grams of dried bud, a level of strength that presents a greater risk of taking too much. Overdosing on edibles can bring anxiety, psychosis and nausea.
"It's going to need to be carefully administered," he said, adding that he estimated his company could be finished with government inspections and be shipping oil to customers within two months.
Jason Broome, a Kelowna-based businessman, said he tried last year to import cannabis oils rich in CBD from the United States through legal channels, but failed because of Health Canada's strict rules. He said many Canadian parents of sick children ended up travelling to Colorado and California to buy the oils and take their chances smuggling them north of the border. He welcomed the production of oils by Canada's licensed producers as something that "makes absolute sense."
Like a team of laboratory gearheads, Arizona State University (A.S.U.) researchers have found a way to soup up microscopic "nanomachines" that may someday be used to deliver lifesaving medications or test the quality of drinking water in remote regions of the world. In place of turbochargers and high-octane gas, the scientists tweaked their engine design and used an additive to speed the oxidation of hydrogen peroxide into fuel to create nanomachines 350 times more powerful than any previously built.
A nanomachine is a tiny device of less than a micron (one millionth of a meter, or about four one-hundred-thousandths of an inch) in size that scientists hope will soon be able to carry out a variety of medical and research functions, such as the targeted delivery of anticancer drugs, more efficiently and quickly than is possible today. Over the past few years, scientists have built hydrogen peroxide–fueled nanomachines from gold, platinum and nickel. The problem is that none of them were powerful or fast enough to perform practical scientific applications, because they could move no faster than 10 microns per second.
But Joseph Wang, director of the A.S.U. Biodesign Institute's Center for Bioelectronics and Biosensors, graduate teaching assistant Rawiwan Laocharoensuk and lab associate Jared Burdick report in the journal ACS Nano that they succeeded in ramping up the nanomechanisms' average speed to 60 microns per second (which is nearly as fast as the systems that propel microorganisms) by inserting carbon nanotubes into the platinum.
They cranked them up even more—to 200 microns per second (equivalent to 100 of the nanomachine's body lengths)—by also adding hydrazine, an ammonia-derived chemical compound that accelerates hydrogen peroxide oxidation.
"For the first time, we took synthetic nanomotors and made them more powerful," Wang says. "Previous nanomachines were too weak to carry heavy cargo."
A.S.U.'s work builds on various researchers' nanomotor tinkering over the past few years. The National Institutes of Health two years ago awarded a Purdue University research team $7 million over five years to study the potential use of a nanomotor, a microscopic biological machine, in diagnosing and treating diseases such as cancer, AIDS, hepatitis B and influenza. Researchers at Pennsylvania State University and the University of Toronto have likewise studied the development of nanomotors, but have not experimented with the enhancements Wang and his team introduced.
Nanomachines are modeled after microorganisms found in the body. Proteins called kinesins, for example, are natural nanomotors that support cellular functions such as mitosis (the chromosomal process that creates two nuclei from one parent nucleus) and meiosis (when the number of chromosomes per cell is reduced by one half).
Some environmentalists and consumer advocates have raised concerns about the potential safety risks of nanotechnology, noting that few studies have been done to assess possible dangers of such puny and hard to detect particles on the human body. But Wang dismisses these concerns, noting that he uses nontoxic building materials. "Platinum and gold are not harmful to the body in these small quantities," he says, adding that his team's work paves the way for creating nanomotor-based sensing systems for monitoring chemicals—including glucose—in the body, although a practical application is still years away.
"We expect that these studies will lead to even more energy-efficient nanomotors and will open up new opportunities for nanoscale vehicle systems" that could transport and release loads of medication throughout the body, the researchers write in ACS Nano. The carbon nanotube–infused contrivances that Wang and his team created were able to move even when hauling cargo 10 times larger in diameter than them.
Needless to say, the human body does not produce hydrogen peroxide needed to fuel nanomotors, so Wang and his colleagues are working on ways to synthesize it from glucose. The use of nanomotored substances to deliver drugs is several years away. (They would have to go through numerous clinical trials and get U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval before anyone could use them, for example, to carry insulin for diabetics or deliver drugs that could open clogged arteries.) But Wang says that such minimotors could be used within the next two years as part of sensors that could detect impurities (metals or microbes) in drinking water—and, eventually, to remove them.
(ITV) A woman who claimed she was subjected to a racist assault – telling the police and media she'd been targeted for wearing a hijab – has been fined for wasting police time after CCTV enquiries showed she made up the attack.
The 18-year-old reported being set upon by a man in New Street, near the Odeon cinema, at 7.30am on 23 November and punched in the face.
She suggested the assault was racially-motivated – triggered by the fact she wears a traditional Muslim head scarf – and that the incident left her afraid of walking alone in central Birmingham.
Detectives trawled CCTV footage in and around New Street and accompanied the teenager on a walk through the city centre to help her pinpoint the offence location. But after monitoring her movements they could find no evidence of the alleged attack.
It's not uncommon within the Black church – and Black community at large – to be told “just pray on it” when it comes to matters of mental health. Prayer does change things, but Rev. Michael Walrond is very clear that prayer is “not the same as having a mental health practitioner.”
On December 15, Rev. Walrond, lead visionary of First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem, opened the HOPE Center at 228 W. 116th St. as a safe, stigma-free space for mental health services.
Located just a few blocks from his church, the HOPE Center, which stands for “Healing On Purpose and Evolving,” will offer services to children, adults and groups, according to a DNAinfo feature story.
You May Also Like Are You 'Too Blessed To Be Stressed'?
Like many within his congregation and in the community, Rev. Walrond, affectionately called Pastor Mike, has struggled himself with depression.
You May Also Like 3 Simple Depression Treatments
“As a pastor, I've always talked about it from the pulpit,” he told DNAinfo.“When you hear the pastor talk about it from the pulpit, it makes it easier. They feel affirmed.”
Informal counseling with part-time staff was already offered at First Corinthian Baptist, a historically Black church. However, the plan was always to expand.
Join the conversation and share this story
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president on Friday.
"The candidate who I believe can fundamentally address income inequality effectively, the candidate who has the right vision and the right experience and the ability to get the job done, is Hillary Clinton," he said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe." "I've seen her vision and platform develop over five months. I'm extremely pleased with what she's put on the table."
De Blasio's endorsement of Clinton, the former secretary of state, was long-awaited. Though he's been openly supportive of her campaign, he had said that he wanted to hear more of her vision before officially signing on. He was also waiting for her to speak out on President Barack Obama's controversial trade deal.
“Democrats all over the country are looking to her for leadership," de Blasio said in June, according to The New York Times.
De Blasio managed Clinton's campaign during her 2000 Senate bid, when she ran as a candidate from New York, and he was expected to endorse Clinton for president this year as a matter of course. Clinton attended de Blasio's inauguration in 2014, in what was seen as a sign of the strength of their relationship. But the mayor notably declined to announce his support earlier this year, much to the chagrin of Clinton's aides.
According to The Wall Street Journal, de Blasio wanted to make the announcement ahead of a candidates' forum he is holding in Iowa this December.
Also on HuffPost:
Namco Bandai has teased a new Ace Combat game teased as Project ACES. Today that project has received a brand-new teaser site confirming the game.
The teaser site is just that, a teaser, with the only thing displayed being a quote and I am assuming the same message in Japanese below it. The message reads:
“That day our sky fell, the heavens split to create new skies.”
A trademark has also been found online potentially confirming the name of the game as, “Ace Combat Infinity”. You can see the trademark just below.
Not too much is known about the game at this time, but so far fans are hoping this new Ace Combat game stays away from any form of Assault Horizon. What do you think? I am waiting for more info before I make a decision on whether I want it or not
Arrow TV Series Stephen Amell Green Leather Hooded Jacket
To outwear is an extremely satisfying dress from the TV series of “Arrow”, worn by Hollywood TV actor Stephen Amell. This formal Green Arrow Hoodie expresses for itself and has been an instantaneous hit amongst the individual globe, especially the Arrow enthusiasts. No one can oversight out on the Green Arrow Jacket because of its attractive green and light green color amalgamation.
The outfit is material of Genuine leather as well as Faux leather if demanded, embracing color green and the hood is made from suede leather with internal viscose lining entire the jacket. The Green Arrow Hoodie has front zipper closure with padded sleeves with stitch hemline and quilted design on entire at front side of jacket hoodie. At inside two pockets are attached with two vertical pockets. There is no quiver on this hoodie jacket of Arrow character which is embossed in serial only.
A new Gallup Poll released today highlights what kind of candidate American voters are willing to vote for, and while the results are not all that surprising, some shifts in the thoughts of the electorate are.
Republicans are clearly the most discriminatory voting block the US has, as they are the only group when compared to Democrats and Independents who have multiple voting groups under 50% (Independents did have one).
One thing all three party's could agree with is, they are not fond of socialists. Yet while Democrats came in at 59 percent accepting of a socialist candidate and Independents at 49 percent, Republicans came in at an alarming 26 percent. That is a 33 point different between Democrats and Republicans on socialists.
Not all that surprising, however, given that if the last 7 years of an Obama presidency has taught us anything, it is that the Republican base has no idea what a socialist is.
Muslims, unsurprisingly, come in as the second least appealing presidential candidate, but really only for the Republican Party, who came in at 45 percent, tied with atheists. Muslims and atheists fared much better with Democrats and Independents.
One very telling factor is age. The younger the voter, the more accepting of socialists, Muslims and atheists they become. In fact, in the 19-29 voter group, atheists tie evangelical Christians at 75 percent, great news for atheists, terrible news for evangelicals who are seeing their political grip loosen year after year.
Across all age groups and political party's, however, Jewish candidates fared very well, something previous poll data had shown when looking at trust among religious groups.
This puts a candidate like Bernie Sanders in an interesting position. Sanders is Jewish, and though he is running for president as a Democrat, he is a well known democratic socialist who looks to other democratic socialist nations across Europe for inspiration. Though had this poll come out when he originally announced his candidacy it would have seemed his fate was secured, but his recent poll numbers indicate that he is more than overcoming the odds.
The poll itself reveals some other troubling information such that 9 percent of Republicans still wouldn't vote for a woman, but even 3 percent of Democrats should be alarming. To think in 2015 that someone's gender plays a role in their electability is simply mind blowing.
Overall, the poll shows progress, but should serve as a reminder that there is still a lot of work to be done.
[Image: BernieSanders.com / Media Kit]
Russian driver Nikita Troitskiy has joined Fortec Motorsports for a 2016 Formula Renault 2.0 programme focussing mainly on the NEC series.
The 16-year-old competed mostly in Formula 4 this year, taking sixth place in the SMP series.
After three appearances (and three podiums) in the French series he also began contesting FR2.0 races, with two Eurocup rounds for JD Motorsport and the Alps finale with GSK Grand Prix.
He's since tested with Fortec and has also been a frontrunner in the MRF Challenge.
Troitskiy's Fortec programme in 2016 will include a full assault on the NEC as well as selected Eurocup and Alps rounds.
“Fortec is a very good team with very qualified guys” he said.
“I'm very excited to work them, we understand each other well.”
Team manager Martin Young added: “He has had a strong test program with Fortec over the winter and we look forward to working with him in 2016.
“He has shown good speed over the winter tests and with his recent performances in the MRF championship, 2016 is looking promising.”
Troitskiy is one of four FR2.0 drivers signed with Fortec for 2016.
Ferdinand Habsburg, Vasily Romanov and Bruno Baptista will all do full Eurocup campaigns and were confirmed as such in an update from Renault earlier this week.
Fortec has added that all three will do dual programmes and join Troitskiy in the NEC. Habsburg stays with the team for a second season, while Romanov and Baptista move over from Alps campaigns.
“We have a lot of unfinished business from the 2015 season and are delighted to have Ferdinand back on the team for 2016” Young said.
“Over winter testing, Ferdinand has proven he is able to be the quickest and has shown vast improvement, so I can't see any reason why he won't be on the top step of the podium in 2016.
“Vasily was a driver that I was impressed with throughout the year.
“He has shown he can win races after winning at Monza this year, and throughout winter testing, he has shown he has the strength to carry on where Ben Barnicoat left off and hopefully challenge for wins and the championship.
“I was very impressed with the performance of Bruno over the winter tests. He fits into the team well and has shown great speed at times.”
Image: DC Comics
The key that unlocked the true potential of Tom King's run on Batman was the romance between Batman/Bruce Wayne and Catwoman/Selina Kyle. Both their superhero and civilian identities are at play, and now that the characters are engaged, they have to seriously consider what it will mean to bring their separate lives together. King just wrapped up a four-part storyline with Joëlle Jones pitting the couple against Batman's ex (and the mother of his son), and bringing Bruce's two sons into the mix solidified this family dynamic, setting up a complex web of relationships waiting to be explored.
And then there's this week's Batman Annual #2. It's flat-out incredible. King writes an exciting, cheeky early Batman and Catwoman story that becomes a major tearjerker by the final page, and the artwork is perfectly aligned with the tonal shift of the story. Artist Lee Weeks and colorist Elizabeth Breitweiser have never worked together before, but they should never be apart given how well Breitweiser's expressive, textured coloring fits Weeks' rich linework and dynamic layouts. They're an outstanding pair for a flashback driven by old-school superhero thrills, and when the story takes a turn that puts the characters in a more intimate context, Michael Lark and colorist June Chung bring the visuals to a more subtle, quieter place.
Advertisement
Image: DC Comics; Batman Annual #2 art by Lee Weeks and Elizabeth Breitweiser
King has gotten to work some remarkable visual storytellers on this book, including colorist Jordie Bellaire, who has elevated the work of more conventional superhero artists like David Finch and Clay Mann. Her coloring is understated because there's already so much drama in the linework, and she helps bring the visuals down to earth. She's working with Mann (and inker Seth Mann) again on the new “Superfriends” arc, which looks at how Bruce's major life change affects his friendship with Superman. This exclusive preview of next week's Batman #36 opens with Superman and Lois talking about how Bruce hasn't called to talk about his new engagement, and the creative team packs a lot of plots and a lot of character in these pages.
This excerpt features some very swift storytelling, starting with how quickly King establishes the different definitions of “busy” for Lois and Clark. The stakes are way higher for Clark as he stops a moving train from falling into a giant hole in the ground, but that doesn't make Lois' work any less important as she looks into what caused the giant hole and prepares the story that will go out to the public. Superman's action is depicted with intensity and speed while Lois sits at a desk covered in clutter that reflects her demanding workload. Alternating between Lois and Clark's perspectives makes the conversation more energetic, and it ends up tying visually Superman to Batman when the action jumps from Lois to the Dark Knight soaring above Gotham City, whining about why he needs to be the friend who picks up the phone first.
Advertisement
Image: DC Comics; cover by Clay Mann and Jordie Bellaire
Image: DC Comics; variant by Olivier Coipel
Image: DC Comics
Advertisement
Image: DC Comics
Image: DC Comics
Image: DC Comics
ClamAV 0.94.x end of life - with prejudice
[Security] Posted Oct 6, 2009 15:22 UTC (Tue) by corbet
The ClamAV project has announced the end of support for version 0.94.x - and that doesn't mean just stopping updates. "Starting from 15 April 2010 our CVD will contain a special signature which disables all clamd installations older than 0.95 - that is to say older than 1 year. This move is needed to push more people to upgrade to 0.95 . We would like to keep on supporting all old versions of our engine, but unfortunately this is no longer possible without causing a disservice to people running a recent release of ClamAV." Upgrading to a recent version seems like a good idea for those who depend on ClamAV.
Full Story (comments: 19)
The psychologist Oliver James has for many years been a part of the cultural landscape, writing best-selling books, making television programmes, contributing articles to newspapers and generally offering his views. As a practicing psychotherapist of many years' standing, he has good reason to believe that he has important insights to offer.
Genetic denialism is unhelpful - genes play a role in who we are Read more
James is particularly exercised by the damage caused by casual emotional abuse – the explosive parent who shouts and swears at their kids, displays resentment against them or tries to coerce them into doing things instead of employing reason. No sensible person disagrees with him on this, and only a harsh critic would deny that James has played a strong and positive part in popularising these simple, important wisdoms.
That's why it's so very odd that James has chosen now to perpetrate casual emotional abuse on a grand scale. His latest book, Not in Your Genes: The Real Reason Parents Are Like Their Children, expands on an argument he's been making for years: that there is no scientific basis for belief in the idea that there is any genetic element to any psychological trait. Even illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder are completely down to the environment in which you grew up, not the complex interplay between nature and nurture that mainstream science espouses.
Even if James had conclusive evidence to back up his absolutist claim – which he does not – I would suggest that such news should be broken gently. Very many caring parents already suffer agonies of guilt as they support their children through these conditions, which can be debilitating and frightening. Instead, in recent weeks they've been turning on the TV or radio, picking up a newspaper or glancing at a website, to find that James is bumptiously confirming their darkest fears, and telling them that their child's mental illness is indeed All Their Fault.
I think this is both unnecessary and cruel. James is putting his own need to express his iconoclastic and inchoate views above the need of vulnerable people to be respected, considered and supported. If he was confronted with a mother doing exactly that to her child, I'm sure James would consider it abusive.
How to raise a brilliant child without screwing them up Read more
No doubt, in his own therapeutic work, James understands that the way to help a person whose behaviour is destructive is to work with them. It's one thing to sit in a room with an individual, week after week, helping them to look at their behaviour, understand the impact it has on others and assisting them in finding ways to change it. It's another to throw generalised accusations out into the world at large, leaving those devastated by them to weep into the marmalade.
So, even if James's theories were sound, there would be good reason to chide him for expressing them so capriciously. But these are capricious views expressed capriciously, which is, in my opinion, really irresponsible behaviour.
James seems fond of explaining that his eureka moment arrived when eminent geneticist Robert Plomin declared in a 2014 interview on the subject of genes carrying psychological traits: “I have been looking for these genes for 15 years and I don't have any.” But, in fact, James had already set his back to the idea of psychological genetic heritability, and his view is cited in the same interview.
Plomin's point was that it was a long, hard slog to figure out DNA. James's interpretation, which seems embarrassingly facile to me, is that if you haven't found a thing after searching for a decade and a half, that can only mean that it isn't there to find. He uses the quote to back up what he calls “the null hypothesis of the Human Genome Project with regard to psychological traits”.
Plomin himself rebuts James's reading of his remark. Even if he never finds what he's looking for, Plomin declares, “I will still believe that [genetic] heritability is true.” What Plomin means is that all of the evidence gathered thus far points overwhelmingly to genetic heritability existing, which, put simply, only means that people with similar biology are more likely also to have similar psychological traits. But of that second quote from Plomin, James commented: “This sounds more like faith than science.” Which, I'm sure James knows, is a really good way of roundly insulting scientists.
Mental illness and familial influences | Letters Read more
Scientists are indeed pushing back. In the pages of the Guardian, Marcus Munafo, professor of biological psychology at Bristol University, refuted one of James's most controversial claims. Munafo says that through genome-wide association studies “we have identified 108 regions clearly associated with schizophrenia risk. These together account for only about 3% of risk in the population, but when we take into account all of the rest of the common single nucleotide polymorphisms (not just those that provide the strongest signal) this increases to almost 20%.”
James's misinterpretations and mistakes were pointed out to him before his book was published. In a letter to the British Psychological Society's periodical, the Psychologist, Stuart Ritchie of the University of Edinburgh responded robustly to a paper James submitted on the same themes as his book. Ritchie pointed out that Plomin's quote, and therefore James's thinking, was out of date. “Genome-wide association studies in 2014 and 2015 have uncovered specific genes related to educational performance, to IQ and to the personality trait of neuroticism.” That, to me, sounds more like science than faith.
You have to be absolutely sure that you're right if you decide to claim that parents cause schizophrenia in their children. I fear that, on this occasion, James may have a bit too much faith in himself.
Almost a quarter of property investors expect to buy another property within six months.
The further house prices rise, the more risk there is of a big correction, ANZ has warned.
In its latest Property Focus report, the bank's economists have analysed the results of a recent survey of property investors from around New Zealand.
The survey results showed investors were more optimistic about future returns than they had been at any time since 2009. Nearly 60 per cent expect price gains of at least 6 per cent over the coming year.
Almost a quarter said they planned to buy more property within the next six months.
READ MORE: Why MPs may want house prices in New Zealand to keep rising
While they were individually worried about the Reserve Bank's lending restrictions making it hard for them to purchase more houses, they did not seem concerned that the rules could have a wider impact on the market.
Economists including Cameron Bagrie, Philip Borkin and Sharon Zollner said it was not surprising that investors expected North Island centres in particular to experience more of the same house price inflation that they had enjoyed over recent years.
But they said some caution was warranted.
"Given that Auckland has one of the most stretched affordability ratios in the world, any further house price increases from here ups the ante on a correction to bring affordability metrics back into line," they said.
"We could see an outright fall in house prices courtesy of higher interest rates or an economic recession, likely global-led. Conversely, we could see a stagnation of house prices while incomes catch up. The latter would obviously be a preferable adjustment path and that is the path New Zealand has followed before. But with low inflation worldwide it's difficult to envisage inflation and incomes doing the work at the moment. "
They said, if New Zealand went into a deep recession the belief that house prices in this country never fall too far could be sorely tested.
"While owner-occupier property prices tend not to correct downward too far - people just take their house off the market and stay put, the same cannot be said for land prices, apartments or investment properties, which do tend to move in line with the economic cycle."
They said there were growing signs that the Reserve Bank's recent move to restrict lending to property investors had started to cool the property market.
"House sales are down nearly 10 per cent versus a year ago and houses are taking longer to sell, though the market is still incredibly tight. Typically, house prices follow sales with a three- to six-month lag. House price inflation is already easing and we expect it to continue to do so. Given this, investors' house price expectations look overcooked. That said, previous rounds of LVR restrictions proved to have relatively short-lived impacts on the housing market, so investors may be assuming the same will occur this time."
The report said affordability was stretched across New Zealand, with house prices out of whack with incomes. While high debt with low interest rates was okay, high debt and rising rates would not be, the economists warned. But they said there were still too few houses being built to keep up with underlying demand.
Gloria Steinem appears in the Lands' End catalogue (Screen capture)
Anti-choice advocates were up in arms this week when they opened the gingham-and-khaki-filled pages of their Lands' End catalogue to discover cardigan-clad feminist Gloria Steinem reclining on a beige chaise. CEO, Federica Marchionni, conducted an interview with the legendary activist for women's rights to appear alongside photos of Steinem in the spring catalogue. It was part of a series the company is doing to feature legends in their field who “[pave] the way for the many who follow.”
The discussion was perfect for the crucial millennial market that companies are desperate to attract. The two talked about the struggles that women continue to face in the workplace but also as mothers and how hard it is to fit into previously prescribed norms. Steinem might be 81 years young, but she has worked hard in the last several years to support and encourage Fourth Wave feminists.
“Thank you for sitting down with me and for everything you have done with your meaningful life,” Marchionni told Steinem.
You could celebrate Steinem's cause with the purchase of a tote bag with an ERA Coalition logo monogrammed on it, and the company would donate $3 to the Fund for Women's Equality for each item ordered featuring it. The Fund is an international organization from the United Nations that works to help eliminate discrimination whether that is for women in occupations or girls who want to attend school without threats from terrorists.
Yet, anti-choice activists found a way to lose their minds with calls for boycotts and social media shaming of the company for featuring a known abortion-rights activist in its pages. They alleged the catalogue was no longer “family friendly” and promoting the new-ERA which anti-choice activists claim will expand abortion.
One angry Lands' End lover wrote about the company, “I just received a clothing catalog from Lands End. OK – good so far, nice clothes, modest, feminine – wait – what the ! A three page spread in their latest catalog on Gloria Steinem ‘Legend.' Has this country come unhinged? I can't even shop for clothes without being exposed to agitprop?”
It didn't take the company long to cave to their traditional polka dot wearing customers. In a statement the company said
“We understand that some of our customers were offended by the inclusion of an interview in a recent catalog with Gloria Steinem on her quest for women's equality,” said the statement, which was issued to The Stream and other press outlets. “We thought it was a good idea and we heard from our customers that, for different reasons, it wasn't. For that, we sincerely apologize. Our goal was to feature individuals with different interests and backgrounds that have made a difference for our new Legends Series, not to take any political or religious stance.”
With the more progressive millennial generation taking hold of purchase markets, right-wing attacks are probably in their twilight years. If their customer base was younger and more hip they probably could have doubled down instead of giving in and scrubbing any reference to Steinem from their websites.
Electric cars may seem like a niche product that only wealthy people can afford, but a new analysis suggests that they may be close to competing with or even beating gas cars on cost.
The true cost of lithium-ion batteries in electric cars is a secret closely held by manufacturers. And estimates of the cost vary widely, making it tough to determine just how much lower they must go before electric vehicles with long ranges can be affordable for most buyers. But a peer-reviewed study of more than 80 estimates reported between 2007 and 2014 determined that the costs of battery packs are “much lower” than widely assumed by energy-policy analysts.
The authors of the new study concluded that the battery packs used by market-leading EV manufacturers like Tesla and Nissan cost as little as $300 per kilowatt-hour of energy in 2014. That's lower than the most optimistic published projections for 2015, and even below the average published projection for 2020. The authors found that batteries appear on track to reach $230 per kilowatt-hour by 2018.
If that's true, it would push EVs across a meaningful threshold. Depending on the price of gas, the sticker price of an EV is expected to appeal to many more people if its battery costs between $125 and $300 per kilowatt-hour. Because the battery makes up perhaps a quarter to a half of the cost of the car, a substantially cheaper battery would make the vehicle itself significantly cheaper too. Alternatively, carmakers could maintain current EV prices but offer vehicles with much longer ranges.
The range would likely be crucial for many buyers because it's so much cheaper to “fill” an EV with electricity—charging a car with a 300-mile range could cost less than $10. Given the disparity in gasoline and electricity prices, the study's authors, Bjӧrn Nykvist and Måns Nilsson, research fellows at the Stockholm Environment Institute, say that if batteries fall as low as $150 per kilowatt-hour, this could lead to “a potential paradigm shift in vehicle technology.”
The analysis suggests that the cost of packs used by the leading EV manufacturers is falling about 8 percent a year. Although Nykvist acknowledges that “the uncertainties are large,” he says it's realistic to think that this rate of decline could continue in the coming years, thanks to the economies of scale that would be created if large manufacturers like Nissan and Tesla follow through with their separate plans to massively increase production. The speed at which the cost appears to be falling is similar to the rate that was seen with the nickel metal hydride battery technology used in hybrids like the Toyota Prius, he says.
Nykvist and Nilsson relied on estimates from a variety of sources: public statements by EV manufacturers, peer-reviewed literature, news reports (including from MIT Technology Review), and so-called gray literature, or research papers published by governments, businesses, and academics.
Luis Munuera, an energy analyst for the International Energy Agency, and Pierpaolo Cazzola, a transport policy analyst for the same agency, caution in an e-mail to MIT Technology Review that the cost reductions implied in the new analysis “should be taken with care,” since battery cost figures from disparate sources are often not directly comparable. Further, they point out, the degree to which cost decline trends for energy technologies can be extrapolated into the future is unclear. Still, they admit, “we have seen events moving quicker than expected in lithium-ion battery technology.”
Donald Trump has signed a revised travel ban that will temporarily halt entry to the US for people from six Muslim-majority nations.
Under the Republican president's order announced on Monday, a 90-day ban on travel to the US will be imposed on citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Travellers holding pre-existing visas would still be allowed entry, according to the new order, which will come into effect at midnight on March 16.
"Green card" holders - that is, those who have US permanent residence - will not be affected by the order.
Al Jazeera's Alan Fisher, reporting from Washington, DC, said: "[US officials] have tried to take what was the existing executive order, make it much tighter, and essentially make it bulletproof in the courts."
OPINION: All international laws Trump's Muslim ban is breaking
In initial reactions, rights groups criticised the new order, with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) saying that the new ban was a "scaled-back version that shares the same fatal flaws".
In a statement, ACLU said: "The only way to actually fix the Muslim ban is not to have a Muslim ban. Instead, President Trump has recommitted himself to religious discrimination and he can expect continued disapproval from both the courts and the people."
Unlike the previous ban, the new directive does not include Iraq in its list of countries targeted, following pressure from the Pentagon and state department which had urged the White House to reconsider given Iraq's key role in fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group.
The new version also removed language that would give priority to religious minorities.
Critics had accused the administration of adding such language to help Christians get into the US while excluding Muslims.
'Positive message' for Iraq
The Iraqi government said the revised order sends a "positive message" about the future of bilateral relations as the two countries work to combat ISIL, also known as ISIS.
Saad al-Hadithi, government spokesman, said the decision to revise the ban shows that there is a "real partnership" between Washington and Baghdad.
Rex Tillerson, US secretary of state, said that the renewed ban is "a vital measure for strengthening our national security".
"With this order, President Trump is exercising his rightful authority to keep our people safe," he said.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the order "responsibly provides a needed pause so we can carefully review how we scrutinise people coming here from these countries of concern".
"Three of these nations are state sponsors of terrorism," Sessions said, referring to Iran, Sudan and Syria, adding that others had served as "safe havens" for fighters.
Trump's first order, signed on January 27, led to chaos at airports, protests and international condemnation.
That order resulted in more than two dozen legal cases in US courts and was ultimately blocked by the courts.
Many said the order partially fulfilled Trump's campaign promise to ban Muslims from entering the US.
Bob Ferguson, the attorney general of Washington state, which succeeded in having the previous ban suspended, said he was "carefully reviewing" the new order.
"There's going to be a very orderly process," a senior official from the homeland security department said.
"You should not see any chaos, so to speak, or alleged chaos at airports. There aren't going to be folks stopped tonight from coming into the country because of this executive order."
'Unconstitutional actions'
Senator Ted Cruz praised the new order, which he described as a "responsible step of acting to prevent terrorists from infiltrating our refugee programmes".
"In contrast to the hysteria and mistruths that are still being pushed by the media, President Trump's executive order implements a four-month pause in refugee admissions so that stronger vetting procedures can be put in place," Cruz said.
READ MORE: What makes Trump's revised travel ban different?
Peter Roff of Frontiers for Freedom, a right-wing think-tank, also welcomed the revised immigration order.
"Muslims are not banned from America," he told Al Jazeera.
"On the contrary, Muslims are welcomed in America, but we are only trying to prevent terrorists from coming in who might be infiltrating our country as refugees.
"ISIS and al-Qaeda terrorists killed more Muslims than Christians and Jews."
By contrast, leading Democrats condemned the new ban, with the party's new leader saying "we have a responsibility to fight back".
Chuck Schumer, leader of the minority Democrats in the Senate, said he expected the revised order to have the same uphill battle in the courts as the original version.
"A watered-down ban is still a ban," he said in a statement.
"Despite the administration's changes, this dangerous executive order makes us less safe, not more. It is mean-spirited and un-American. It must be repealed."
Tom Perez, chair of the Democratic National Committee, said party members have a "responsibility to fight back".
"I've seen firsthand the difference we can make when we refuse to accept the hateful, immoral, unconstitutional actions of the Trump administration," Perez said.
Senator Dianne Feinstein said the ban "does not strengthen our national security".
"Painting more than 150 million people with the same broad brush is contrary to the principle of religious freedom and will do nothing to make us safer," she said.
Now Hillary Clinton is on the cusp of being elected U.S. president, the biggest political prize in the world. Despite America's disquiet with family dynasties in a republic, there is much to celebrate in America's willingness to elect anyone, irrespective of background, as president.
The world has seen a number of women as top political leaders. Theresa May is the second female prime minister in Great Britain, after Maggie Thatcher. Angela Merkel is the long-serving chancellor of Germany. Years ago, there was Indira Gandhi of India.
Unfortunately, Clinton is a poor choice to be a path-breaker. The image that best fits her time in politics is not breaking the glass ceiling, but engaging in crass dealing. From the emergence of the Clintons in Arkansas politics to now, everything has been about them in the worst way.
It is easy to forget that Bill Clinton's path to the White House a quarter-century ago was hindered by corrupt debris left by his and Hillary's time in Arkansas. Even the New York Times could not ignore the obvious if well-concealed bribe of the "cattle trades" orchestrated by a businessman with interests in the state.
The Whitewater development showcased another aspect of the Clinton's venality. The disappearance of Hillary Clinton's billing records at the infamous Rose law firm foreshadowed the convenient loss of emails from her time at the State Department. No American could be unaware of the couple's moral failings while voting to place them in the White House.
During Bill's presidency, Hillary's hand was ever evident, including handing the White House travel office over to friends. Even then, there were dubious overseas connections and political contributions, though who was to blame for what was never clear. The Monica Lewinsky scandal came to dominate everything, likely diverting attention from more serious, and substantive, abuses.
Now Hillary's scandals are fully hers. Her reliance on personal email while serving in one of the nation's highest positions was an obvious attempt to sanitize the public record before another presidential run (or election of a different president who might authorize an official investigation).
The tactic almost worked. Selective email releases, thousands of emails mysteriously missing – who would be the wiser? But the group Judicial Watch sued, and the FBI was called in. There is little doubt that Clinton violated security laws (the only other explanation was a monumental lapse of judgment, hardly a credential for her presidential run) despite the Obama administration's attempt to limit the damage.
Even now, we likely have seen only a few of the incriminating documents. But we've seen enough to know that Clinton was more the crass wheeler-dealer than the glass ceiling breaker.
The Associated Press published a devastating analysis last week. More than half of the people outside government with whom Clinton talked officially had given money individually or through a firm or other organization to the Clinton Foundation.
Of 154 people, 85 were donors. All told, they contributed as much as $156 million. Forty of them gave at least $100,000; 20 gave at least $1 million each. Worse, at least 16 foreign governments whose representatives met with Clinton donated as much as $170 million to the foundation.
Of course, the Clinton campaign was shocked that anyone doubted the purity of her intentions. Yet, noted AP, "the frequency of the overlaps shows the intermingling of access and donations, and fuels perceptions that giving the foundation money was a price of admission for face time with Clinton. Her calendars and emails released as recently as this week described scores of contacts she and her top aides had with foundation donors."
Some of the private people meeting Clinton had run-of-the-mill special pleading, such as help with a visa. Others hoped for U.S. assistance, such as support from Washington against their own government, which was seeking their resignation from a financial institution. We don't know what the government donors might have been asking.
Bill Clinton has announced cosmetic changes in the foundation's operations if Hillary wins. But as president, she would be in a far better position to deliver favors to the more than 6,000 past donors (who've contributed more than $2 billion) as well as any future givers. The smartest operators will donate now in order to be grandfathered under any rules changes should she end up in the Oval Office.
Smart and determined, the Clintons were capable of genuine "public service." However, they turned their time in public life into just another opportunity for personal enrichment.
So it was while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. And so it will be if she ends up as president. She talks about breaking the glass ceiling. The rest of us should focus on her crass dealing.
Ken Blackwell is a member of the policy board of the American Civil Rights Union (ACRU). He serves on the boards of directors of both the National Rifle Association and the Club for Growth.
by Matt Slick
On July 6, 2012 a Christian preacher was doing open-air work on the sidewalk of the Toronto Gay Pride Parade. The police were present and they did nothing as the Christian was verbally assaulted. As the pro-homosexual crowd grew more belligerent, the police then asked the Christian to leave because it was he wase causing a disturbance. Really? So he was speaking calmly, rationally, and it was the pro-homosexuals who were foul, insulting, and intolerant, yet it was the Christian who was causing the problem. Yeah...right.
If you watch the video, you'll see where the problem was. It was the pro-homosexuals who were foul, intolerant, and demonstrated extreme hatred for the Christian faith. The preacher rightfully pointed out that they were expressing hatred for his point of view and that they were not being tolerant. Their hypocrisy was evident because it was they who were spreading intolerance and hate speech. Of course such bigotry and hate speech is okay when homosexuals do it, but when the Christian says that homosexuality is a sin, then he's guilty of bigotry and hatred.
One screaming woman said she loved everyone and then said to the preacher, "F**** you!" More hypocrisy. The Preacher said...
"She doesn't love intolerance but she's being intolerant of my religion"
"This is discrimination according to the law."
"You have a lot of anger in you."
"That is a lot of hatred. That is a lot of anger."
He was right. At one point he said, "If anybody wants to have a respectful conversation one by one: have the mic and we go back and forth one by one." A woman then responded and said, "I am a pagan. I belong to the Wiccan religion. Christianity unfortunately, you may be saying it's all about love and what have you but they burned people for not agreeing with them. That is all I'm saying. Please don't come up to a street corner and preach love when you're talking about a religion that established itself through hatred and murder."
All I can say is that is one huge misrepresentation of the Christian faith. Obviously, this Wiccan does not know what she's talking about. But we don't expect those who criticize Christianity to accurately represent it.
Eventually, the preacher was approached by it a police officer who then said that he, the preacher, was causing a disturbance. However, it was the homosexual activists who were causing the disturbance by yelling, screaming, and using foul language. The preacher, much to his credit, was extremely polite and was not the cause of the problems that we being fomented by the pro-homosexuals. So, we can clearly see that tolerance is only for the intolerant, for the liberals, and the pro-homosexuals.
I'm excited for Shadows over Innistrad!
The set just oozes flavor, and it has a lot of strong, build-around cards . . . including this gem of a card:
Nahiri, the Harbinger (the second ever Boros Planeswalker to exist, with the first being Ajani Vengeant):
As a Planeswalker, it passes the several of the litmus tests I check for:
A way to generate card advantage (involving madness cards with its +2 red looting)
A way to defend itself (killing tapped creatures)
An ultimate that provides a unique effect
It's a bit more difficult to kill an enchantment with it, but there are certainly ways to do so.
The most obvious starting point to me, given the rotation of a lot of color-fixing lands, is Boros Midrange:
In the above list, I included a lot of situationally powerful one-ofs (including Secure the Wastes, Radiant Flames, Quarantine Field, Archangel Avacyn, and Linvala, the Preserver).
When you are looting a lot, you can afford to play those conditionally powerful cards—as well as four-of Planeswalkers. In addition, Nahiri's ultimate being able to find Avacyn or Linvala in certain situations is fantastic.
There's another way to build this deck that is lower to ground and focuses a lot more on token-makers:
Both lists pack the one-two punch of Secure the Wastes into Gideon, Ally of Zendikar, which I believe was an underplayed interaction. Fiery Temper is also a fantastic card to discard to Nahiri, given you are able to play it for 2 manas cheaper and generate a two for one.
Looking carefully at older cards, one other deck that really comes to mind is Boros Eldrazi:
This list is built to abuse some interactions:
Magmatic Insight is good when you have a high land count, but it still leads to some awkward draws.
I'm also excited to see if Nahiri will see play in a Solar-Flare Reanimator deck. Profound Journey remains legal, as does Necromantic Summons. Those decks tend to be awkward given they have to run a lot of fatties, alongside a less than ideal mana base, but there's potential there.
Also Jeskai Control (if someone gets the mana base correct) could be extremely powerful with Nahiri, the Harbinger.
With access to two creature lands, you can afford to play an extremely high land count—and powerful one-ofs.
I look forward to figuring out more what's going on with this completely new Standard format in preparation for Pro Tour Shadows over Innistrad in Madrid.
Thanks for reading, and I appreciate any comments here or on Twitter.
Cryptome DVDs are offered by Cryptome. Donate $25 for two DVDs of the Cryptome 12-years collection of 46,000 files from June 1996 to June 2008 (~6.7 GB). Click Paypal or mail check/MO made out to John Young, 251 West 89th Street, New York, NY 10024. The collection includes all files of cryptome.org, jya.com, cartome.org, eyeball-series.org and iraq-kill-maim.org, and 23,000 (updated) pages of counter-intelligence dossiers declassified by the US Army Information and Security Command, dating from 1945 to 1985.The DVDs will be sent anywhere worldwide without extra cost.
Web cryptome jya.com eyeball-series.org cryptome.cn
20 May 2007
A sends PDF and HTML versions of TM 31-210:
[Cover and Table of Contents]
TM 31-210
Department of the Army Technical Manual
IMPROVISED
MUNITIONS
HANDBOOK
(Improvised Explosive Devices or IEDs)
Headquarters, Department of the Army
1969  original publication
2007  Thanks-to-Feinstein's Electronic Edition (v3.0)
Improvised Munitions Handbook (Improvised Explosive Devices or IEDs)
Table of Contents
Section 0  Introduction 0.1 Purpose and Scope 0.2 Safety and Reliability 0.3 User Comments Section 1  Explosives and Propellants (including igniters) 1.1 Plastic Explosive Filler 1.2 Potassium Nitrate 1.3 Improvised Black Powder 1.4 Nitric Acid 1.5 Initiator for Dust Explosions 1.6 Fertilizer Explosive 1.7 Carbon Tet  Explosive 1.8 Fertilizer AN-Al Explosive 1.9 Red or White Powder Propellant 1.10 Nitric Acid/Nitrobenzene (Hellhoffite) Explosive 1.11 Optimized Process for Cellulose/Acid Explosives 1.12 Methyl Nitrate Dynamite 1.13 Urea Nitrate Explosive 1.14 Preparation of Copper Sulfate (Pentahydrate) 1.15 Reclamation of RDX from C4 1.16 TACC (Tetramminecopper (II) Chlorate) 1.17 HMTD 1.18 Potassium or Sodium Nitrite and Litharge (Lead Monoxide) 1.19 DDNP 1.20 Preparation of Lead Picrate 1.21 Preparation of Picric Acid from Aspirin 1.22 Double Salts 1.23 Sodium Chlorate 1.24 Mercury Fulminate 1.25 Sodium Chlorate and Sugar or Aluminum Explosive Section 2  Mines and Grenades 2.1 Pipe Hand Grenade 2.2 Nail Grenade 2.3 Wine Bottle Cone Charge 2.4 Grenade-Tin Can Land Mine 2.5 Mortar Scrap Mine 2.6 Coke Bottle Shaped Charge 2.7 Cylindrical Cavity Shaped Charge 2.8 Not Available 2.9 Funnel Shaped Charge 2.10 Linear Shaped Charge Section 3  Small Arms Weapons and Ammunition 3.1 Pipe Pistol for 9 mm Ammunition 3.2 Shotgun (12 gauge) 3.3 Shotshell Dispersion Control 3.4 Carbine (7.62 mm Standard Rifle Ammunition) 3.5 Reusable Primer 3.6 Pipe Pistol for .45 Caliber Ammunition 3.7 Match Gun 3.8 Rifle Cartridge 3.9 Pipe Pistol for .38 Caliber Ammunition 3.10 Pipe Pistol for .22 Caliber Ammunition  Long or Short Cartridge 3.11 Low Signature System Section 4  Mortars and Rockets 4.1 Recoilless Launcher 4.2 Shotgun Grenade Launcher 4.3 Grenade Launcher (57 mm Cardboard Container) 4.4 Fire Bottle Launcher 4.5 Grenade Launchers 4.6 60 mm Mortar Projectile Launcher Section 5  Incendiary Devices 5.1 Chemical Fire Bottle 5.2 Igniter from Book Matches 5.3 Mechanically Initiated Fire Bottle 5.4 Gelled Flame Fuels 5.4.1 Lye Systems 5.4.2 Lye-Alcohol Systems 5.4.3 Soap-Alcohol System 5.4.4 Egg White Systems 5.4.5 Latex Systems 5.4.6 Wax Systems 5.4.7 Animal Blood Systems 5.5 Acid Delay Incendiary 5.6 Improvised White Flare 5.7 Improvised Iron Oxide 5.8 Improvised Yellow Flare 5.9 Improvised White Smoke Munition 5.10 Improvised Black Smoke Munition Section 6  Fuses, Detonators & Delay Mechanisms 6.1 Electric Bulb Initiator 6.2 Fuse Igniter from Book Matches 6.3 Delay Igniter from Cigarette 6.4 Watch Delay Timer 6.5 No-Flash Fuse Igniter 6.6 Dried Seed Timer 6.7 Fuse Cords 6.7.1 Fast Burning Fuse 6.7.2 Slow Burning Fuse 6.8 Clothespin Time Delay Switch 6.9 Time Delay Grenade 6.10 Can-Liquid Time Delay 6.11 Short Term Time Delay for Grenade 6.12 Long Term Time Delay for Grenade 6.13 Detonator Section 7  Miscellaneous 7.1 Clothespin Switch 7.2 Mousetrap Switch 7.3 Flexible Plate Switch 7.4 Metal Ball Switch 7.5 Altimeter Switch 7.6 Pull-Loop Switch 7.7 Knife Switch 7.8 Improvised Scale 7.9 Rope Grenade Launching Technique 7.10 Bicycle Generator Power Source 7.11 Automobile Generator Power Source 7.12 Improvised Battery (Short Lasting) 7.13 Improvised Battery (2 Hours Duration) 7.14 Armor Materials Appendix 1  Primary High Explosives A1.1 Mercury Fulminate A1.2 Lead Styphnate A1.3 Lead Azide A1.4 DDNP Appendix 2  Secondary High Explosives A2.1 TNT A2.2 Nitrostarch A2.3 Tetryl A2.4 RDX A2.5 Nitroglycerin A2.6 Commercial Dynamite A2.7 Military Dynamite A2.8 Amatol A2.9 PETN A2.10 Blasting Gelatin A2.11 Composition B A2.12 Composition C4 A2.13 Ammonium Nitrate Colophon C.1 Version History C.1.1 Version 1.0 (1969) C.1.2 Version 2.0 (1970s) C.1.3 Version 3.0 (2007  Thanks-to-Feinstein's Electronic Edition) C.2 Copyright Information
Frankford Arsenal
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
For Official Use Only
For further information or additional inserts, contact:
Commanding Officer Frankford Arsenal ATTN: SMUF A-U3100, Special Products Division Small Caliber Engineering Directorate Philadelphia, Pa. 19137
Additional inserts will be made available as evaluation tests are completed. Please notify the above agency of any change of address so that you may receive them.
Improvised Munitions Handbook (Improvised Explosive Devices or IEDs)
Colophon
C.1 Version History
C.1.1 Version 1.0 (1969)
The only things known about the very first publication from 1969 are that it was printed in loose-leaf form and on lighter paper than the widely-available v2.0 reprint. These are known because the procedure for making an Improvised Scale shows a picture of loose hole-punched sheets and the text says, Each sheet of paper [of the Improvised Munitions Handbook] weighs about 1.3 grams. However, the reprint uses heavier paper that weighs about 4.5 grams a sheet.
C.1.2 Version 2.0 (1970s or 1980s)
A 6-by-9-inch (15-by-23-cm) trade paperback with a brownish-yellow cover, apparently a reprint of the original publication, is referred to here as v2.0. It has been available to the public for decades, particularly from alternative mail-order publishers and military surplus stores.
C.1.3 Version 3.0 (2007  Thanks-to-Feinstein's Electronic Edition)
This electronic edition was created from the reprint described above. (Thanks-to-Feinstein is a satirical reference to Senator Dianne Feinstein who passed a perverse law that erodes free speech in the U.S.)
Diagrams were scanned at 300-dpi grey scale and saved as JPEG format. Text was scanned and converted by optical character recognition, manually checked, and reformatted in HTML. The colophon (this section) was added. A PDF file was created from the HTML files.
All corrections and changes made while converting the original paper document to electronic form are listed below. Nothing substantial was changed; this electronic edition adheres as closely as possible to v2.0.
Corrections and formatting in v3.0
Some words and phrases were corrected for spelling, consistency, or errors in metric conversion. Most abbreviations were expanded for clarity. Trivial changes such as removing or adding whitespace, capitalization changes, or deleting unnecessary periods at the end of words in a table are not itemized. Hyphenation at ends of line were removed. Words in ALL CAPITALS were changed to boldface. Underlined words were changed to italics. Words that were both ALL CAPITALS AND UNDERLINED were changed to boldface. Page numbers were removed, but the HTML source code has comments that indicate the v2.0-page numbers; look for IMH v2.0-page number nnn in the HTML source code of this document. The PDF edition does not provide a way to view the HTML comments. Most mixed numbers (i.e., consisting of a whole number and a fraction) have a hyphen in v2.0 (e.g., 1-1/4 inch). For consistency, all mixed numbers are now shown with a hyphen; e.g., 1 1/4 inch became 1-1/4 inch. The handbook used both table headings Material Required and Materials Required. All formers were changed to the latter for consistency. Likewise the handbook used both table headings Common Source and Source. All formers were changed to the latter for consistency. Section numbers were changed from Roman to Arabic numerals in keeping with current practice; e.g., Section V, No. 7 became Section 5.7 Although this document is titled the Improvised Munitions Handbook, improvised munitions are now better known as improvised explosive devices or IEDs. The current expression was added in parentheses alongside each occurrence of the title.
Words and phrases corrected in v3.0 Page in IMH v2.0 Original word in IMH v2.0 Corrected word in IMH v3.0 005 manufacture explosives manufacture of explosives 006 of assure proper to assure proper 010 re-desolve redissolve 012 squeexe squeeze 014 tablespoonsful tablespoonfuls [2 occurrences] 014 tablespoonsful tablespoonful 017 Comps. C-4 Composition C4 017 Comps. B Composition B 028 mononitrobenezene mononitrobenzene 032 Anti-freeze Antifreeze 032 non-permanent nonpermanent 043 C-4 C4 [5 occurrences] 044 C-4 C4 [2 occurrences] 054 Place 1/4 teaspoon 3. Place 1/4 teaspoon 059 milliters milliliters 071 No. 8 commercial commercial #8 (a) 074 handtight hand tight 075 Non-Electric Military Nonelectric military 076 anti-personnel antipersonnel 077 non-sparking nonsparking 078 pre-heat preheat 081 non-metallic nonmetallic 083 NON-ELECTRICAL nonelectrical 084 Non-metal Nonmetal 085 Method 1 Method I 086 non-electrical nonelectrical 087 Non-metallic Nonmetallic 089 non-electrical nonelectrical 090 non-electrical nonelectrical 092 non-electric nonelectric 092 so so that 094 explosove explosive 098 re-inspect reinspect 102 re-inspect reinspect 103 hand-tight hand tight 105 re-fold refold 109 hand-tight hand tight 113 8-1/2 [inch] 26-1/2 [cm] 8-1/2 [inch] 21-1/2 [cm] (b) 113 6 [inch] 20 [cm] 6 [inch] 15 [cm] (b) 120 re-inspect reinspect 124 guage gauge 132 push-rod pushrod [2 occurrences] 134 push-rod pushrod 135 push-rod pushrod 151 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) [3 occurrences] 152 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) 152 250 cc 250 milliliters (d) 160 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) 161 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) 164 Egg Systems Egg White Systems 170 up-side down upside down 171 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) [3 occurrences] 172 sulphuric acid sulfuric acid (c) [2 occurrences] 206 sulphur sulfur (c) [3 occurrences] 206 non-electric nonelectric 209 wiree wire 210 non-slip nonslip 217 procedure 5 step 5 220 C-4 C4 225 5 4 (e) 226 MATERIEL Materials 245 dry-cell dry cell 246 permangenate permanganate 252 Section 13 Appendix 1 (f) 252 execpt except 253 Section 14 Appendix 2 (f) 254 maufactured manufactured 255 nitroglycerine nitroglycerin (c) [2 occurrences]
(a)For consistency with other occurrences of the same phrase.
(b)This corrects an inaccurate conversion in v2.0 from U.S. weights and measures to the metric system.
(c)Although both spellings are correct, the change was made for consistency with other occurrences of the same word.
(d)For consistency with the rest of the handbook, the abbreviation cc was changed to milliliters.
(e)The procedure was misnumbered in v2.0.
(f)Sections 13 and 14 of the v2.0 reprint were renamed Appendix 1 and 2 in v3.0. (There were no sections 8 through 12 in v2.0.) Sections 13 and 14 of v2.0 had different typefaces and layouts from the rest of the book. These discrepancies suggest that sections 13 and 14 were copied from a different source and bound into v2.0.
Abbreviations expanded in v3.0 Original abbreviation in IMH v2.0 Expanded abbreviation in IMH v3.0 " (double quote) inch or inches Cal. caliber KM km Nom. nominal approx. approximately conc. concentration fps feet per second ft. foot or feet gm gram or grams gms grams in. inch or inches lb. pound or pounds min. minute or minutes No. number oz. ounce psi pounds per square inch qt. quart sec. second or seconds sp. gr. specific gravity sq. square yds. yards
C.2 Copyright Information
This work is in the public domain. The original work was created by U.S. Federal Government employees in their official capacity. Therefore by United States Code, title 17, section 105, it is not subject to copyright.
This electronic edition is anti-dedicated to U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein who authored a federal law that makes it illegal in certain circumstances to publish documents just like this one. The military is essentially immune to this law, but civilians lose free speech, a concept that apparently means nothing to Feinstein. (Sherman Austin is an example of a person jailed under Feinstein's law.)
Feinstein feigns disgust at the dissemination of information about explosives without acknowledging the U.S. military's prominent role in producing exactly the kind of information that she condemns. This handbook is indisputable proof of the military's involvement with improvised explosive devices; in fact, the Improvised Munitions Handbook has been the definitive reference on IEDs since the 1970's.
What absurdity Feinstein has created. The military creates and uses technology that the public can not even discuss without fearing prosecution under Feinstein's draconian law.
Muppets Animal, Pepe, Miss Piggy, Fozzie, Gonzo, (L-R, rear) and Kermit, Walter and Sweetums (L-R, foreground) attend the Inimitable Muppets unveiling ceremony honoring The Muppets with the 2,466th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles on March 20, 2012. UPI/Jim Ruymen | License Photo
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 15 (UPI) -- Pop star Lady Gaga and the Muppets have taped a holiday special in Los Angeles for ABC, E! News said Tuesday.
The program will be the singer's second holiday-themed special for the network. In 2011, she starred in and directed "A Very Gaga Thanksgiving."
Lady Gaga has a bit of a history with the Muppets.
Kermit the Frog was her date to the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards and Jim Henson's Creature Shop created pieces for her "The Monster Ball" concert tour in 2010.
She also once wore an outfit made from plush Kermit toys on German television as a statement against the wearing of real animal fur.
Written by Investor's Business Daily on February 9, 2017 . Posted in The Latest news
In the month since Republicans took control of the House, Senate and White House, they've been talking a lot about taxes. Unfortunately, the talk is about adding two entirely new taxes to the code.
Earlier in the year, House Republicans spent several days talking up the idea of a new 20% border tax, the folly of which we discussed in this space recently.
This week, a group of old-guard Republicans and business leaders — including Reagan administration officials, former Wal-Mart chairman Rob Walton, and venture capitalist Thomas Stephenson — were in the White House pitching a new carbon tax to fight global warming.
The idea is to impose a $40 tax for every ton of CO2 emitted in exchange for a “significant” rollback in EPA regulations.
This group, called the Climate Leadership Council, describes this as a conservative, free market approach to the fight against global warming, one that will, according to its report, “strengthen our economy, benefit working-class Americans, reduce regulations … and consolidate a new era of Republican leadership.”
On the surface, there's a case to be made for taxing carbon rather than regulating it, because a tax is a far more efficient and direct way of getting results, while regulations are slow, cumbersome, scattershot and hugely expensive.
But dig just a little deeper and you can easily see that this new carbon tax won't deliver on any of promises being made.
First, no matter where it starts, this new tax, like everyone other one ever enacted, will grow in size and complexity. The Council itself wants it to “increase steadily over time.” And they had to add another new tax on imports to prevent countries that don't impose a comparable carbon fee from taking advantage.
No matter how well constructed, this tax will redirect resources away from their most productive uses and into government coffers. That is not how you strengthen an economy.
Plus, while the tax would start immediately, the EPA's regulatory authority would only be “phased out.” This is naive in the extreme. Once the tax is in place, there will be endless pressure to keep both the tax and the regulations.
Consumers, of course, will ultimately bear all these costs in the form of higher prices on everything. But the plan proposes to return “all the proceeds” of the carbon tax (minus the government's handling charge, of course) to the American people in the form of dividend checks.
In other words, these Republicans not only want to create a brand-new tax, they also want to create a brand new middle-class entitlement.
Finally, the Council has deluded itself into believing that if Republicans get a carbon tax enacted, they will win over legions of young voters, Latinos and Asians who are “deeply concerned” about global warming.
Right.
Read rest…
Be Social And Share! Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Reddit
More
Telegram
Skype
WhatsApp
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Sinn Féin Deputy Leader Mary Lou McDonald has been told to leave the Dáil chamber following a fresh clash with the Taoiseach Leo Varadkar.
Mr Varadkar called Ms McDonald "cranky", she in turn told the Taoiseach he was "facile" in their third fight in two days.
It started yesterday over scripted questions, when the Taoiseach said: "Deputy McDonald reminds me more and more of Marine Le Pen, because she always goes back to her script."
It continued into Leaders Questions today, with Mr Varadkar telling Ms McDonald: "I'm laughing at you not the issue," while Ms McDonald replied: "I find you facile and dismissive".
Before she was thrown out she walked across the chamber and approached the Taoiseach's chair while scolding him.
The Dáil chairperson, Fine Gael TD Alan Farrell, intervened saying: "Deputy, this is very, very unusual. You are disturbing the house please leave."
The last words from Deputy McDonald were "I'm leaving anyway".
This article is over 3 years old
Howard says Italy has a ‘terrible' problem and unless Cameron ‘regains control of his borders', Britain won't be able to curb the influx of migrants
The former Australian prime minister, John Howard, has told a conservative thinktank in London that the British prime minister, David Cameron, can't curb an influx of migrants “unless he regains control of his borders”.
After addressing the Centre for Policy Studies on Tuesday night, Howard was asked what advice he would give Cameron when millions of people were trying to get into Britain, as well as other European nations.
“Well, he can't really do anything about that unless he regains control of his borders, it's as simple as that,” Howard said.
“I know I'm straying into domestic politics and I'm not meant to do that ... maybe former prime ministers can?”
Lynton Crosby: the man who really won the election for the Tories Read more
Howard, who introduced tough measures to deter boat people when he was prime minister, said not having control of borders was one of the consequences of being part of a multinational body – the European Union.
He said he felt for the Italians who had a “terrible” problem with tens of thousands of migrants crossing by boat from North Africa.
“I wouldn't like to be in that situation. I think there's an extraordinary humanitarian challenge but there's a limit to how many people any country can take.”
Howard said the Asian region had its own challenges with the “persecution” of the Rohingya people in Burma and the migrant problem that created.
On the UK and its own migrant issues he said they were “matters that the British government and the British people have to grapple with”.
Wow wasn't expecting to see this when I checked the news! Congratulations guys... and I CAN wait to play it because the game is simply pure evil, as I discovered when I did some brief playtesting for EK a few years ago. =) I was always a big MT2 fan and the SNES remakes also, they have easily been my most anticipated fan translations to play for as long as I can remember. So It's lovely to see this get checked offSpeaking of playtesting: Pennywise, I'm sorry I said I'd beta test your Bionic Commando project and then just bailing without following up or saying anything. My QuakeLive addiction must've got in the way as it tends to do (I often think I've quit being a competitive gamer for good only to be pulled back in by some tournament or friends and it sucks up huge chunks of my time) but it was not very mature of me to not let you know, sorry bud =/It looks like you got the patch out in a timely manner anyway, so that's great!Anyway.. awesome and reassuring to see EK and Pennywise still at it in 2014! =) Thanks for the shout out too, It's pretty insane that even a couple people still remember this low level hacker from 1999/2000. Peace guys!
Story highlights "Our little angel on earth earned her pink glittery angel wings in heaven," the family says
Laney Brown, 8, had asked to meet Taylor Swift and to hear Christmas carols
On Friday she had a video chat with the music star
Saturday night, for one hour, people packed the street and serenaded her
A little girl whose Christmas wish inspired thousands of people to sing in the streets died overnight.
"Our little angel on earth earned her pink glittery angel wings in heaven," a post on an official Facebook page about her said. "She took her last breath at home in her bed at 3:10 surrounded by all her family and friends. I miss her so much already."
Delaney Brown of West Reading, Pennsylvania, "inspired a community and touched hearts across the world," as CNN affiliate WFMZ put it.
She loved music and dancing.
Her dying wishes were to meet country music superstar Taylor Swift and for some people to come by her house for a night of caroling.
On Friday -- her birthday -- Laney and Swift video-chatted through FaceTime, a software application that allows callers to see each other on Apple products.
JUST WATCHED 10,000 carolers respond to girl's wish Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 10,000 carolers respond to girl's wish 01:00
Then, Saturday night, the singers came. At first it was hundreds of people, then thousands. Then it was about 10,000, CNN affiliate WFMZ reported
She was too weak to go to the window, but heard the wonderful music.
"I can hear you now!!! Love you!" she said in a Facebook post that showed a photo of her lying in bed with a breathing mask -- and two thumbs up.
Laney was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia seven months ago. Last week doctors told her family that she had 70% cancer cells in her blood. She came home from the hospital Thursday.
The Christmas carol celebration outside her home attracted people from all over. Her dance team was there to honor her. Even Santa showed up.
Many of the singers held back tears.
"I can't even express how I feel," Krysta Rebe, who has a daughter Laney's age, told WFMZ.
It was only an hour of singing, but it lifted the spirits of everyone who jammed the block.
"As much as I want that miracle to be saving the life of an 8-year-old little girl, Laney, the miracle was an 8-year-old little girl teaching an entire community, town, city and the whole country the true meaning of Christmas," one participant, Marianne Franken, wrote on Facebook."
On Wednesday, thousands of people liked and commented on the Facebook post announcing the little girl's death.
"I do not cry for Laney, who lives on in peace and happiness with our Lord," wrote Cornell Stornbergh. "I mourn for us, who now have to live in a world without her."
Image copyright AP Image caption A US fighter plane fired 211 shells at the MSF compound over a 25-minute period
The US military has disciplined more than a dozen service members after an air strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan killed 42 people last year.
The Pentagon has acknowledged that the clinic was targeted by mistake, but no personnel will face criminal charges.
The Associated Press reported that the sanctions, which were not made public, were mostly administrative.
Some received formal reprimands while others were suspended from duty.
Both officers and enlisted personnel were disciplined, but no generals were punished.
A spokeswoman for MSF said the medical charity would not comment until the Pentagon made the details public.
Image copyright AP Image caption US officials said the Doctors Without Borders hospital was targeted by mistake
The disciplinary action was the result of a Pentagon investigation into the attack. A report on that investigation is expected to be made public next week.
In October, a US gunship fired on the hospital in the city of Kunduz. Taliban fighters had recently retaken the city after US-led forces drove them out in 2001.
Afghan officials said the building had been taken over by Taliban fighters, but no evidence has been found to back those claims.
MSF said the incident constituted "violations of the rules of war". The hospital was destroyed and MSF pulled out of Kunduz after the attack.
Army Gen John Campbell, the top US commander in Afghanistan at the time, called the incident a "tragic but avoidable accident caused primarily by human error".
US President Barack Obama apologised for the air strike, which was one of the deadliest attacks on civilians in the 15-year Afghan conflict.
Cunning fraudsters have conned the Ukraine Central Bank branch in Odessa into buying $300,000 worth of gold which turned out to be lead daubed with gold paint.
“A criminal case has been opened and we are now carrying out an investigation to identify those involved in the crime,” a spokesman for the Odessa police force is quoted by Vesti.
The news was first reported by Odessa's State Ministry of Internal Affairs.
READ MORE: Where has all Ukraine's gold gone?
A preliminary investigation suggests the gang had someone working for them inside the bank that forged the necessary paperwork to allow the sale of the fake gold bullion. It's also been discovered that bank staff were not regularly checked when entering or exiting the premises.
Since the discovery, the National Bank no longer buys precious metal over the counter, as it cannot be sure of its authenticity, says the First Deputy Head of the National Bank of Ukraine, Aleksandr Pisaruk.
The National Bank of Ukraine (NBU) has confirmed the theft of several kilograms of gold in the Odessa region. The cashier involved has apparently fled to Crimea, Vesti Ukraine reports. Criminal proceedings began on November 18, even though the scam apparently took place between August and October.
In November, the Central Bank reportedly lost $12.6 billion in gold reserves, putting the total stockpile at just over $120 million.
However, the Central Bank reports that foreign currency and gold reserves stood at $9.97 billion at the end of November.
Dodgers' Yasiel Puig singles in the third inning against the Braves… (Wally Skalij / Los Angeles…)
Matt Kemp was the first person to compare Yasiel Puig to Bo Jackson. Now Kemp is comparing the Dodgers' rookie outfielder to Mike Trout and Bryce Harper.
“I think if he continues to do what he's doing, he can be just as good as those guys,” Kemp said. “That's saying a lot because those guys are really good and have done it for a whole year. He's going to be good. You can see it.”
While rehabilitating his strained right hamstring at the Dodgers' spring training complex in Arizona last week, the sidelined center fielder said he watched his team play every night on his laptop computer.
Kemp was impressed by what he saw from Puig.
“He looks really good right now,” Kemp said. “It's fun to watch him. He's doing a great job. He's given the team a spark. Hopefully, he can continue to do that.”
Share. A little too true to the original. A little too true to the original.
As wise people often say, you can learn a lot from the past. But ironically, despite being a retro-inspired sequel to the fondly remembered arcade and NES games, Double Dragon 4 patently ignores the lessons of history. It slavishly works to emulate, both in look and controls, a game that was quickly iterated on and left behind by a slew of other arcade beat ‘em ups. Even compared to the classics that immediately supplanted its predecessor, Double Dragon 4 feels shallow and dated.
Ostensibly, its appeal is the nostalgia trip it takes you on, but this is immediately undercut by the fact that it takes all of its cues from the comparatively weak NES port instead of the far superior arcade version. Animations are stiff and lifeless, enemies look generic and unthreatening, and then there are the manufactured technical issues. I can appreciate the effort it takes to build in visual glitches like screen tearing and flickering for the sake of authenticity, if you're attempting to faithfully emulate an old game. But here, in a modern-day sequel, it just makes everything look uglier for nostalgia's sake.
Exit Theatre Mode
Despite taking its artistic inspiration from the console version, Double Dragon 4 takes pages straight out of the book of ‘80s quarter-munchers, which is to say: it's cheap as all hell. Off-screen enemies you can't see are all too happy to hit you without recourse, and enemies will lie in wait atop ladders or over your downed body to take cheap shots as you rise, leading to nearly unavoidable damage.
“ This wasn't a good time back in the ‘80s, and it certainly isn't in 2017.
At least you can get up with some invincible moves to clear a couple of enemies out, but the remaining ones will follow up afterwards and knock you right back down, creating a frustrating cycle of inescapable beatdowns. This wasn't a good time back in the ‘80s, and it certainly isn't in 2017.
That isn't to say that there's a challenge here, though. You can employ the very same cheap tactics to the generic goons that shuffle slowly forth to stop you. It's easy to trivialize many of the fights just by repeating the same sequence of moves over and over. But this kind of combat is no more enjoyable when dishing it out than receiving it. The only respite is that, like the games that came before it, you can beat Double Dragon 4 in less than an hour, and even with a friend along for the ride that's about as much time as I wanted to spend with it.
CNN had its worst ratings in twenty-one years, according to quarterly figures released on Tuesday.
CNN drew an average of just 319,000 total viewers and 129,000 viewers ages 25-54 in the second quarter. Ratings fell 35% among total viewers and 41% in the key demo compared to the same time last year. Primetime ratings also suffered big losses — 35% and 45% in those audiences respectively.
The news was inevitable, after months of terrible ratings at the network. CNN had its lowest-rated month in over a decade in April. May was its worst month in primetime in over twenty years.
As usual, Fox News dominated the ratings in the second quarter, taking 13 of the top thirty programs. MSNBC and Fox News also saw drops, though smaller than CNN's, from last year. The second quarter of 2012 saw less news than in 2011, when Osama bin Laden died and as Arab Spring protests continued.
The particularly dispiriting results for CNN, however, have sounded an alarm at the network. Time Warner executives are reportedly considering replacing the president of CNN Worldwide, while Turner Broadcasting CEO Phil Kent has said, "we have some other shows that probably need to be replaced."
Below, see the top 30 programs of second quarter of 2012.
Counter-question:
Q: Why didn't them negroes accept that their lot in life was to work for their masters?
A: Because they knew that they were in the right. The laws that made slavery legal were unjust.
It's the same with abortion clinics. They keep doing their job because letting women decide over their own body is right. Some women need an abortion to survive. Some women need an abortion because they were raped. Some women need an abortion because they cannot handle the financial burden of a child[1]. Some women need an abortion because the fetus hasn't developed as it should.
Yet some people have the nerve to say that they have the right to decide for these women. These are people who won't have to live with the consequences of an unwanted child, or die because of it. These are people who won't have to carry a dead fetus in their body to the end of pregnancy just because removing it would be considered abortion.
A lot of those who oppose birth control seem to be all too happy to oppose free or subsidised birth control. They also tend to oppose proper (as opposed to abstinence only) sex education.
It seems as though some people who oppose abortion believe that people choose abortion because it's somehow fun. But abortion is a last resort. No one chooses abortion on a whim. Even routine abortions can be risky. Late-term abortions can result in permanent damage to the mother.
No one *wants* to have to need an abortion. Just like I don't want to need amputation. But it's certainly good to know that the option is available in a legal way. Using a saw isn't really tempting. For those in need of an abortion risking your life with a clothes hanger isn't really tempting either. Because that's the alternative. Abortions won't stop. They'll just turn riskier. Far riskier.
There are no pro-abortionists. We don't encourage abortion. We're pro-contraceptives. We're against rapists. We're against fetus damage and pre-natal fetus death. We're against poverty. BUT, in cases where someone has been raped. In cases where the fetus is damaged or dead. In cases where the woman would be unable to support a child financially. In such cases we want the choice to be there. That is what separates us from the anti-choice crowd. We want women to be able to choose on their own. Choosing without having to risks their lives.
[1] And before you raise the point of adoption, remember that there are already over a hundred million orphans worldwide who would be happy to be adopted.
Birds & Birding
I remember the day vividly.
It was my brother's 18th birthday. A friend gave him a book on the birds of Southern Africa. We looked out the window and saw a bunch of little brown birds. We managed to identify them — mostly Cape Sparrows and House Sparrows — and later that week we found a Streaky-headed Canary. Though another dull, brown bird, it was so exciting to find something totally different in our own garden.
I could feel the switch flipping in my head, and at the age of 15 birding became my life-long passion.
The Beginnings of Obsession
From that moment on the obsession to see birds took over my life and continues to this day. First traveling around southern Africa, birding at every corner and in every spare moment (even when serving in the army). I camped in wild spots and paddled dugouts in the croc- and hippo-infested Okavango. I hopped on a fishing trawler off Cape Town in frosty, energetic seas, hoping to see albatross and other seabirds. Then, spreading my wings, I took a year-long a backpacking trip through North, Central, and South America at the age of 24.
That trip changed my life. We hiked through the ruins of Tikal, slept in the barn at the home of Alexander Skutch (a famous neotropical ornithologist), ate 36 mangoes in one sitting (I was very hungry), lived with a subsistence farmer in the Ecuadorian amazon, and literally spent two months on buses.
Back home the obsession continued — I travelled in Southern Africa voraciously — crisscrossing multiple countries for rare and interesting species, doing exhausting birding big-days (24-hour all-you-can-see bird buffets), and even doing my part for citizen science in the form of a sub-continent bird atlas project. My yearning to see birds morphed into a fervor to conserve birds and their habitat, which ultimately brought me to The Nature Conservancy.
Early on, as I searched for an opportunity to become involved in conservation, I made inquiries that brought a response from the woman who later became my wife. She too is a birder, of course, and as she likes to say: “When there are two birders in the house, there are no grown-ups.” There's no one to be realistic about costs and the other demands of birding, such as the hundreds of field guides for places we probably won't get to… but we want to. And we might, so clearly we have to have those books. I am not even home from one trip before I'm planning the next. The thirst for birds intensifies no matter how much I drink.
1 of 9 Lilac-breasted Roller in Namibia. Photo © Tim Boucher 2 of 9 A young Pel's Fishing Owl in Botswana. Photo © Tim Boucher 3 of 9 A Rosy-faced Lovebird in Namibia. Photo © Tim Boucher 4 of 9 Kori Bustard. Photo © Tim Boucher 5 of 9 A Hoatzin in the riverine bush. Photo © Tim Boucher 6 of 9 An Orange-breasted Sunbird in South Africa. Photo © Tim Boucher 7 of 9 White-breasted Antpitta 8 of 9 Laughing Dove. Photo © Tim Boucher 9 of 9 Blue cranes. Photo © Tim Boucher Click to enlarge | 1 of 9 X
34 Years (And Lots of Lists) Later
My life-long passion hit a big turning point at the close of last year: I saw my 5,000th bird species.
To know you have seen 5,000 of anything, one has to keep a list. Not everyone likes keeping lists. My wife absolutely refuses to keep a list though she's glad I keep one for her. She's a quality-not-quantity birder. She won't count a bird unless she's seen it to her satisfaction and directs me, sternly, not to include a particular species on her list because she didn't see it well.
I, on the other hand, am a compulsive list-keeper. In birding, whatever makes you happy is what's important. I like to keep a list, as I like to know what I have and haven't seen. It's part of the fun of birding for me. When out birding I use Rite-in-the-Rain notebooks (I still have them all) and a spreadsheet that I update when I get home, including where and when each species was seen. This keeps the tally up-to-date and also enables me to monitor changes in species and subspecies, because bird taxonomy is not set in stone, and much research is still being done on many species.
Even though I keep a list, I still remember almost all of the birds I have seen. Almost. For some nondescript birds, I have forgotten the when and where. After each trip — even morning outings in local parks — I submit my list to eBird, a real-time, online checklist that is intended to be to maximize the utility and accessibility of the vast numbers of bird observations made each year by birders. (I just recently managed to upload all 30+ years of data!)
What You Need To Make It To 5,000
Like any great endeavor, it helps to have a plan to rack up thousands of birds over a lifetime. You need to know where to go, what you might see there, exact places to visit, lists of what you can expect, and the best times to visit. And, if you are an independent birder not part of a big guided group, you need to consider all the logistics — flights to catch, cars to rent, distances to drive, lodging, food, seasons and weather. Each trip needs careful planning, especially when you're on a tight budget.
Luckily, I enjoy the planning part: the days dreaming about what birds to look forward to, reading up about the places, considering habitats I will visit, and interesting people I might meet. The internet has made all of this much easier — there are dozens of resources to tap into, including bird trip reports, maps, and email. Random travel might seem fun (and works great in movies), but to me, having a plan and a purpose makes any travel much more worthwhile and interesting.
The reward? You get to visit the most extraordinary beautiful places imaginable and see incredible things. You also get to see a few places that are decidedly not scenic: landfills (for gulls), sewage lagoons (for waterbirds), airports (the best place to find Snowy Owls), sod farms, and cemeteries. Great birds will even turn up in tiny suburban backyards.
There's only one other thing that you need, and unfortunately this one is harder to come by: Money. Lots of it. Funding for trips is without a doubt the biggest limiting factor in global birding — this is one expensive addiction. Travel and high quality optics cost a bundle, but no matter how good your binoculars, scopes, cameras, and recording gear, it is only a matter of time until you want more and better. It helps if you don't have kids to feed, clothe, and educate, and if you're willing to live with second-hand furniture and forego restaurants, movies, concerts, and pretty much everything else. (Not that you want to spend time on anything but birding anyway.)
Stamina and the Pain of Heard-Only Birds
There's one other aspect of birding that I should mention, related to my wife's refusal to list a bird she hasn't seen well. Sometimes, you don't see the bird at all, you just hear it. Appropriately known as heard-only birds, these species are the bane of a birders existence.
On my recent trip to Ecuador, three of us spent a good 20 minutes circling a dense tangle of vegetation hoping to see whatever was calling insistently from within. Eventually we realized that it was a Mouse-colored Antshrike, taunting us with calls that seemed no more than 15 feet away. (I'm sure it laughed at us when we finally gave up).
The rule for heard-only birds is this: Your list, your rules. Count a heard-only if you want to. But I don't count them, because I'm a very visual person and I want to see the bird! Fortunately, my list of heard-only birds is not that long, but even so, it's a very sad list, full of some very, very good birds. I hate that list. I don't want to talk about it. It's too painful.
Sometimes finding a bird is easy, but other times it is beyond challenging. Frustration is common, and building a big list takes tenacity and insanity. Case in point: I first searched for Rufous-bellied Seedsnipe — a large shorebird that is found only above 13,000 feet in the northern part of its range in the Andes — in 1992. No luck.
I picked up the search again a number of other times in later visits. “We just saw a pair, around the corner.” No luck. Hiked up the side of a volcano to a glacier. No luck. It's not very rare, but this particular species always eluded me.
But this past year, in the freezing cold and dense fog of the Papallacta Pass near Quito, Ecuador, the stars aligned — and I found a pair of seedsnipe at the very top of the mountain. I was so excited that my legs were actually shaking! After 23 years of looking, finding a bird like that was immensely rewarding.
Lessons From 5,000 Birds
Looking back on 34 years of birding, what has it taught me? Mostly, that birding is a marvelous way to get to know nature — from your backyard to the world. The things you can learn are never-ending, from places to see and explore (from your local neighborhood to far-flung continents), to behaviors to notice and understand (of birds, other animals, including people). After so many years, I still marvel at the beauty of the natural world, am astounded by how much I have seen, how important it is to protect it, and how much I still have to see.
Now, about the 5,000th bird on my list. Coincidentally, it was also my 2015 bird of the year, and it came perilously close to being a heard-only. Read the heart-stopping story.
Berkeley and the Broad
In 2014, the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) awarded the patent to gene-editing tool CRISPR-Cas9 to biologist Feng Zhang from the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For a less groundbreaking technology, that might have been the end of it, but for CRISPR-Cas9, the situation is still ongoing.
In May 2012, molecular biologist Jennifer Doudna from the University of California, Berkeley, was actually the first to file a CRISPR patent with the USPTO after she and her research team demonstrated the use of CRISPR to edit particular stretches of bacterial DNA. Zhang filed his patent claim in December 2012 for using CRISPR in more sophisticated eukaryotic cells (like those from mice and humans) and was granted an expedited review of his patent application.
When the USPTO granted the patent to Zhang in 2014, Berkeley filed for patent interference, launching a case review. This review began in January of this year, and it reached a critical moment on December 6 when lawyers from both Berkeley and the Broad Institute appeared in front of three USPTO judges for the first and only time to state their respective cases. The only thing left to do now is wait for the USPTO to release a decision, which is expected to arrive in the next two months.
The Future of CRISPR
In the meantime, let's consider what this patent war means. First of all, as the Broad Institute claims, the CRISPR system itself cannot be patented and neither can the Cas9 protein as both are naturally occurring. What can be patented are the engineered components and compositions that make the gene-editing tool applicable to living mammalian cells.
Jake Long has started his career at Essendon in fine fashion with the club's coaching group pleased with the work ethic and attitude of the father/son rookie selection.
After training with the club's James Hird Academy over the last few seasons Long found his way onto the rookie list during December's rookie draft.
Despite injury issues through his junior career Long has completed the majority of the pre-season unscathed in a positive sign of things to come.
Head of Development Mark Neeld said he could not be more impressed with the way the 18-year-old has approached his first pre-season on an AFL list.
“Across the whole club we have been impressed with his work ethic and his ability to come in and build relationships with the senior players and have a bit of fun at the same time,” Neeld said.
“In terms of a person he has a bit of a cheeky grin about him and I think over the years he might develop into the club prankster.
“There is also a hard edge to him and we can really see that through his training.”
Neeld said it was pleasing to see Long taking such significant steps throughout the pre-season so far given his indifferent journey onto an AFL list.
“He hasn't followed what would now be called the traditional pathway into league footy because he didn't play TAC Cup football at all despite going to school in Melbourne,” he said.
“Jake has come through the James Hird Academy, he played a couple of games for the NT representative sides and he has been injured a lot over the last couple of years.
“I think he has only played about six games of football for the last two seasons so he is going to take some time.”
Long's father Michael was a champion player for Essendon pulling on the famous red sash for 190 games including the 1993 Norm Smith Medal.
If you are a college student anywhere in the world, Dropbox just launched an interesting new program, The Great Space Race, which will run for the next eight weeks and allow college students to get up to 25GB of free Dropbox storage for the next two years. To qualify for the extra space, students have to register here with their school email addresses and the more students at each school sign up, the more storage space they will get.
Schools get one point for every student who signs up and two points for everybody who completes the “Get Started” guide. Every student who signs up gets an extra 3 GB for two years by default. After that, they will earn more than their schools pass each of Dropbox's three pre-set thresholds. Dropbox will set different thresholds for every participating school.
Here are the rules:
You must register for Space Race with an eligible school email address (if you have an existing Dropbox account you can still join)!
If you've signed up for Dropbox with a non-school email, no problem! You can verify your school account on the Space Race page.
Your school gets 1 point for each person who registers for Space Race and installs Dropbox on their computer (if they haven't already).
Your school gets 2 more points for each person that goes through the Get Started guide (including you!)
This program is obviously meant to increase Dropbox's footprint among college students. As companies like Google and Microsoft expand their full-service offerings for schools, which also include large amounts of cloud storage, Dropbox and other independent cloud storage vendors have to up their marketing game in the college market with efforts like this.
As of right now, the top 3 schools on the leaderboard are the National University of Singapore, MIT and Portugal's Universidade Técnica de Lisboa.
EVEN by Europe's cacophonous standards, German policymakers sent mixed signals on the euro this week. At her party's conference on November 14th the chancellor, Angela Merkel, left no doubt about the gravity of the euro crisis (see Charlemagne). “If the euro fails, then Europe fails,” she said.
On the same day Jens Weidmann, the president of the Bundesbank, roiled financial markets with hardline comments designed to close off options for managing the crisis. He ruled out relying on the European Central Bank (ECB) as a lender of last resort to governments, arguing it would be illegal and wrong for the bank to hold down bond yields. Even the current (limited) bond purchases needed to stop. The only way to restore investor confidence in countries such as Italy, he believes, is for their governments to introduce bold reforms.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Weidmann is not a lone ideologue. Mario Draghi, the ECB's new Italian president, has ruled out acting as a lender of last resort to governments, albeit less categorically (see article). Mr Weidmann has his supporters among the Finns and the Dutch, too. But the rigidity of his argument is embedded in the solid rock that is Germany's economic establishment, which holds that big rescues are counterproductive because they both dull governments' incentives to act and create new dangers. Pooling risks through Eurobonds would tempt dodgy southern European governments to greater profligacy. Central-bank bond-buying would fuel inflation. Far better, goes the standard German line, to remain principled and just say no.
And it is true that soaring bond yields, or the fear thereof, have pushed governments, including France and Spain, to act. Were it not for pressure from the bond markets, Silvio Berlusconi might have blundered on in Italy, delaying difficult decisions on the economy. The Germans and others are also right to worry that a central bank that buys boatloads of government bonds will eventually cause inflation. The problem is that the dogmatic prescriptions of the “German orthodoxy” are pushing the single currency towards collapse. If Mrs Merkel wants to save the euro, therefore, she must challenge her country's economic establishment, and explain to voters why the revered Bundesbank's rigidity is wrong.
Drowning the euro in dogma
German orthodoxy ignores the possibility that rising bond yields are being driven by a self-fulfilling panic in financial markets. Investors who once regarded Italian bonds as a safe asset now worry about everything from the integrity of the credit-default-swap market to a possible break-up of the single currency. The result is a stampede for the exit, which cannot be stopped by Italian policy reforms alone. So by adding to the pressure on the governments of countries in crisis, the Germans and their allies succeed in forcing reform, but at the cost of making it far harder to rescue the euro.
Emerging economies which borrow in a foreign currency have long been vulnerable to these kinds of self-fulfilling crises of confidence. As the pool of euro assets deemed “safe” dwindles, more countries may face such runs. Judging by this week's leap in yields, France looks to be next in line. The big difference, however, is that average emerging-market debt is less than 40% of GDP. Italy's debt ratio is more than three times higher; France's twice as high.
The euro zone's most recent plan—to amplify the existing rescue fund with financial engineering and money from China—has failed miserably. That leaves two alternatives. Either Europe's governments will have to assume explicitly some joint liability for each other's debts. Or they will have to do so implicitly, by allowing the ECB to counter a panic with purchases of government bonds: in effect, letting it act as a lender of last resort. The danger lies in eschewing both options.
Each route has risks, but both are exaggerated by the German dogma. With demand weak and the fiscal vice tightening, it is hard to see an imminent danger of inflation. In theory, if joint liability was designed properly, errant countries would be stopped from going on a bender at other Europeans' expense. But such rules are hard to craft, and Europe's governments move slowly. For the foreseeable future, the ECB is the only institution that can staunch market panic quickly. The ECB could still keep pressure on the likes of Italy, and prevent them from backsliding on reform, by making sure that its support was at a sufficiently punitive interest rate.
Technically, there are ways around German opposition. Mr Weidmann, for instance, could be outvoted at the ECB. But, in practice, any solution must be blessed in Berlin. That is why Mrs Merkel must make the case for greater pragmatism. Otherwise Teutonic rigidity will wreck the European project.
Fans of a particular show featuring three middle-aged men with an unhealthy penchant for cars, plus a fourth individual whose interests are rather more elusive, probably remember a 2008 episode in which the Top Gear crew lambasted the Tesla Roadster . (If not, a particularly low-quality recording is embedded below.) On that show, Jeremy Clarkson could be seen flogging one around the track, complaining about a range of only 55 miles before showing that car being pushed into the garage, supposedly out of charge. Not true, says Tesla, who has filed a lawsuit against the BBC for libel and malicious falsehood. Tesla claims that, among other things, two cars were provided and at all times at least one of them was ready and willing. Beyond that, Tesla knows that neither car ever dropped below 25 percent charge, meaning the whole pushing into the garage thing was, well, staged. It's hard to look at this as much more than a PR move, Tesla waiting over two years to file, but that doesn't mean the complaint isn't legit. Now it's time for the Beeb to roll out its crew of tame racing lawyers. Some say their suits are made of wool, and that their briefcases contain actual briefs. All we know is they're very well compensated.: Well, the hornets' nest has been kicked, and it didn't take long for the swarm to arise. The BBC has dropped a bombshell , saying that it "stands by the programme and will be vigorously defending this claim."
Last week, much of the United States experienced the coldest weather in two decades, as temperatures plummeted below freezing in many states. Many newscasters on conservative media outlets were using the record-breaking cold snap to deny the existence of global warming, making comments such as “All of this snow and still cries of global warming.” Similar claims appeared on social media.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 6, 2014
This sort of media coverage happened before, during the so-called snowpocalypse of 2010 in Washington DC. But perhaps we shouldn't judge them too harshly. Local weather and short-term temperature variations—even if today feels warmer or colder than usual—can influence an individual's acceptance of climate change. This effect is known as local warming.
In a new study, people who perceived the day's temperature as warmer than usual believed more strongly in global warming and were more concerned about it. Rather than relying on relevant information to form an opinion on climate change—such as global temperature trends—they instead substitute information that didn't take as much effort to obtain, such as today's temperature. Because individuals are sensitive to information that should be irrelevant to their judgments regarding climate change, the researchers think that people reconsider their opinion each time they are asked about their belief in climate change.
To test whether phrasing, knowledge level, or availability of information was responsible for influencing a person's judgment, the team of researchers sets up a series of experiments. At first, they thought perhaps the phrase “global warming” would conjure thoughts of heat-related impacts and rising temperatures, and it might be responsible for the local warming effect. Participants were asked to complete a survey about their belief in and concern about the phenomenon, which was described as either “global warming” or “climate change.” Then, they were asked to report whether the local temperature that day was warmer or colder than usual for that time of year.
It turns out that the local warming effect persisted regardless of whether you call it climate change or global warming.
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2013
Thinking that a limited understanding of climate science may be to blame for people incorrectly using short-term temperature to assess their belief in global warming, they set up a second experiment. Participants were split into two groups: one that read a passage explaining the differences between minor weather fluctuations and global climate change and one that read a passage on the science of sleep. All participants were then asked the same temperature, belief, and concern questions from the first study.
Being armed with a greater knowledge of climate science did not erase the local warming effect—participants who read the climate science passage were still more likely to believe in and be concerned about global warming if they perceived today to be warmer than usual.
The researchers then moved on to their last hypothesis: when the mind is primed to the concept of heat or cold, the concept is more likely to be used in evaluating climate change. The researchers gave participants either heat or cold-priming tasks before asking them about the same belief and concern questions as the previous experiments. When primed with a heat-related thought, individuals' belief and concern in global warming increased.
Understanding the psychology that influences climate change belief and concerns can help shape how communicators convey this complex issue, enabling them to provide a more accurate perspective on the subject. This could have important implications for public policy. In a 2013 Pew Research Center annual policy priorities survey, dealing with global warming ranked at the bottom of the list of 21 priorities, with only 28 percent saying that it should be a top priority for the president and Congress.
Nature Climate Change, 2014. DOI: 10.1038/NCLIMATE2093 (About DOIs).
Ward 1 Coun. Aidan Johnson is sick of the "ugly blue film" affixed to the windows of many of Hamilton's city buses — and so he is attempting to get rid of it once and for all.
Johnson will move a motion at the Aug. 12 city council meeting to remove the blue wrap from HSR's fleet of buses.
While originally conceived as a vandalism deterrent, the dark blue window-covering film makes it almost impossible to see out of the back windows of a bus.
"I ride the HSR bus every day, and I always have a sinking feeling in my heart when I realize the only spots available are in the back," Johnson said.
"We should be encouraging people to ride the bus, and I think this will help."
Dear <a href="https://twitter.com/cityofhamilton">@cityofhamilton</a>, pls remove these ugly window clings so I can enjoy the view our amazing city. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HSR?src=hash">#HSR</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HamOnt?src=hash">#HamOnt</a> <a href="https://t.co/yS0XSQubpj">pic.twitter.com/yS0XSQubpj</a> —@TheCoffeeTrade
In his motion, Johnson says the city's transit department is in the process of removing the film from "a number of buses" right now, and has started a pilot project using a clear anti-vandalism film on about 25 per cent of HSR's fleet of buses.
Should the motion pass, staff would be directed to remove all remaining blue film from all bus windows, continue the pilot project with the clear film, and monitor the impacts of using the clear film, or none at all.
Johnson says he has "asked about the cost" of the project, and is waiting to hear back. He says his "assumption is that it won't be cost-prohibitive."
"We need to encourage more people to ride the HSR, and not create a disincentive," Johnson said. "Looking out the window is one of the pleasures of riding the bus.
"My motion aims to bring that pleasure back."
No blue film on the window of this bus this morning! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HamOnt?src=hash">#HamOnt</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HSR?src=hash">#HSR</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MorningWin?src=hash">#MorningWin</a> <a href="http://t.co/VKtSS9hJhM">pic.twitter.com/VKtSS9hJhM</a> —@HamiltonToday
adam.carter@cbc.ca
Nine out of ten Danes would ban ritual circumcision of boys before they reach the age of 18, reveals a new survey carried out by Megafon for Politiken and TV2.
Two years ago, a similar survey conducted by YouGov showed that 74 percent of Danes wanted such a ban.
Jair Melchior, the chief rabbi of the Jewish Society in Denmark, contends that banning this ritual would be undemocratic and show that Denmark does not respect religious minorities.
“For us, circumcision is a natural element that is just as important as baptism. It is our hallmark and a part of our culture,” Melchior told Politiken.
“Although opponents of circumcision are not anti-Semites, if they succeed in convincing politicians to ban [the practice], it will be an anti-Semitic act. It will be a law directed against the Jews.”
READ MORE: Possible circumcision ban sparks religious backlash
Ignorance rather than intolerance
In the Jewish tradition, the ritual circumcision is carried out eight days after a boy's birth, while in the Muslim tradition it usually takes place before the age of ten.
Imam Naveed Baig from the Danish Islamic Centre that the opposition against ritual male circumcision is “not an expression of intolerance” but rather “an expression of a lack of information and dialogue”.
In 2013, the Danish Health Authority reported that between 1,000 and 2,000 boys are annually being circumcised in Denmark.
READ MORE: Danish government agrees that circumcision is a human right
Respect for bodily integrity
Intact Denmark, an organisation that campaigns against all types of genital mutilation carried out on children both in Denmark and abroad, is pleased with the poll results.
“For us, it is important to ensure the individual's right to decide over his body and his genitals,” Lena Nyhus, the chairwoman at Intact Denmark, told Politiken.
“The surgery cannot be undone. And we have to respect the individual's bodily integrity, sexual anatomy and religious freedom.”
Neither Venstre nor Socialdemokraterne have plans to criminalise male circumcision, but Enhedslisten, Radikale and SF have all expressed opposition towards the practice.
EVE Online players can now while away their idle hours by helping advance medical science.
This week's EVE Online update, Project Discovery, adds in a very cool minigame.
By playing the game, players will assist in the compilation of the Human Protein Atlas, a Swedish project helping scientists understand protein function in human cells. All players need to do is recognise patterns and categorise images, working through the 13 million which have been uploaded to the MMO.
It's a task that requires massive amounts of labour, beyond the resources of any academic body, and yet will be an essential part of future medical science. It's really not an exaggeration to say this work may one day contribute to a cure for cancer and many other diseases and conditions.
Participation is open to players at all levels (systems are in place to prevent sabotage) and is entirely voluntary, but to incentivise the scheme, players will earn kredits for use in the Sisters of EVE loyalty points store. New items include unique clothing and a new type of booster. Learn more on the Project Discovery hub.
The update also delivered a bunch of other features and changes, including:
A huge module revamp including Damage Modules, Warp Disruptors and Warp Scramblers, Damage Controls, ECM, Cap Batteries, Tracking Modules, Stasis Webifiers, Sensor Dampeners, and the merger of Sensor and ECCM Modules
New high-strength Heavy Stasis Grapplers for Battleships and Capitals
Force Auxiliary skills have been added in preparation for the EVE Online: Citadel expansion
Changes to speed and orbit paths
Increased and troubling Drifter activity
Full patch notes are available on the EVE Online community site.
OLD DOMINION
2014 | 6-6 (4-4 C-USA)
Last postseason appearance: 2012 (lost 49-35 to Georgia Southern in FCS quarterfinals).
ONLINE: Follow Dave Johnson at @DaveJohnsonDP.
THE COACH
BOBBY WILDER
Seventh year (52-20, all with ODU).
Before Wilder coached his first game at Old Dominion, he was a salesman. Not the door-to-door type, who happened to have the best vacuum cleaner ever made. No, he was peddling something that didn't exist in the tangible sense — ODU football, which was returning after a 69-year absence. Wilder revved up the fan base with his infectious enthusiasm and gift for gab, proving he could sell. But could he deliver? Six years in, the Monarchs have won 74 percent of their games and fast-tracked their way from the FCS to the FBS. ODU has become a model on how to start a football program, and Wilder has become a hot name. Athlon listed him among the top 15 coaches on the rise. But Wilder, who spent 40 of his first 42 years in Maine before coming here, is home. "This program is incredibly special to me," he said. "I don't take full credit for it, but I helped start this. If you're part of something from the ground up that's had a measure of success, you feel a strong sense of loyalty."
THE STANDOUTS
Ray Lawry
So. | 5-10 | 201 | RB
As a freshman, Lawry broke ODU's season records for rushing yards (968) and average yards per carry (7.1). His 16 TDs are the most by a running back. So it should come as no surprise that he was named the C-USA's Freshman of the Year. He averaged 11 carries a game, a number you could safely expect to increase.
Zach Pascal
Jr. | 6-2 | 214 | WR
Pascal caught 59 passes for 743 yards and seven TDs last season, making him the Monarchs' top returning receiver. His 45-yard catch against Rice set up the game-winning field goal. With the Monarchs breaking in a new quarterback, Pascal's dependability will be key.
T.J. Ricks
Jr. | 6-0 | 226 | LB
Ricks was a tackling machine back in his days at Kecoughtan, and he hasn't changed. His 80 stops were second on the team last season. He had 2.5 sacks and seven TFLs, both second on the team. Ricks also forced a Monarch-leading four fumbles.
THE STORYLINES
Changing of the guard.
How do you replace a quarterback like Taylor Heinicke, who threw for 14,958 yards and 132 touchdowns in four years? Wilder doesn't want redshirt freshman Shuler Bentley to look at it that way as he takes over. Bentley won't be asked to do the same things Heinicke was, like run a no-huddle spread and put up 40 passes a game. With near-1,000-yard rusher Ray Lawry behind him and five starters returning up front, Bentley will have the luxury of not having to carry the load. ODU also plans to run a more traditional offense, one that will emphasize the running game and time-consuming drives rather than scoring as quickly as possible.
Defensive improvement
From the beginning, Old Dominion has been known for having a quick-scoring offense and a defense that struggles to keep pace. Last season, the Monarchs lost games in which they scored 51, 35, 34 and 28 (twice) points. Among C-USA's 13 teams, ODU finished ninth in total defense (452 ypg) and 11th in scoring defense (38.0 ppg). But upon closer inspection, the Monarchs showed improvement in the final three games of the season — which, not by coincidence, were all wins. ODU held the opposition to 30 points and 351 yards a game, hardly satisfactory but certainly a positive step. Part of the reason is that the offensive philosophy changed in favor of time-consuming drives. So the defense wasn't on the field as much.
Going bowling?
Wilder makes no attempts to hide it — the goals are high this season. For one, ODU wants to compete (Wilder emphasizes that word) for C-USA's East Division championship. With Western Kentucky and Marshall there, that's won't easy. The second goal is to receive a bowl bid, which would be the first in ODU history. At 6-6 last season, ODU was one of the eight C-USA teams that were eligible but one of three that weren't selected. If the defense keeps progressing, and if Bentley can manage the offense effectively, guys in ugly sports coats (i.e., bowl scouts) might be seen at Ballard. Which could mean another milestone in this program's rapid rise.
THE SCHEDULE
Sept. 5 | at Eastern Michigan | 3 p.m. The Eagles are coming off three consecutive 2-10 seasons. Though on the road, this should be a smooth opener for the Monarchs.
Sept. 12 | Norfolk State | 7 p.m. The Spartans are under new management with Latrell Scott. ODU won the last meeting 27-24 in 2013 on Jarod Brown's 24-yard field goal at the gun.
Sept. 19 | N.C. State | 7 p.m. ODU led 21-10 late in the second quarter but ended up losing 46-34 last year in Raleigh. QB Jacoby Brissett is back.
Sept. 26 | Appalachian State | 3:30 p.m. The Mountaineers were 1-5 on Oct. 11 but won their final six games to post their 20th winning season in 21 years.
Oct. 3 | at Marshall | 3:30 p.m. The Herd went 13-1 last season, throttling ODU 56-14 along the way, and finished No. 23 in the AP poll.
Oct. 17 | Charlotte | 3:30 p.m. This will be the 49ers' first season on the FBS level. Not surprisingly, they're picked last in the East.
Oct. 24 | at Florida International | 6 p.m. Three of FIU's C-USA losses were by three points, two coming on a field goal in the final minute.
The mystery begins when the phone rings in Tony Karcich's office seven months ago.
Karcich, the longtime football coach at St. Joseph Regional High School in Montvale, is stunned to hear Greg Telemaque's voice.
This is the same Telemaque Karcich calls the best player he ever coached, better than the eight St. Joe's grads he sent to the NFL. The same Telemaque who seemed to disappear two decades ago after trying to kill his little brother with a pair of scissors.
Karcich shouts into the phone. "Greg? How are you?!"
And then, "Where are you?!"
Telemaque dodges the final question, but tells his old coach he needs his high school diploma, his transcript and a copy of his highlight tape.
Within two weeks Karcich tracks it all down. He calls the number Telemaque left, but the phone just rings and rings before going to an unrecognizable recording.
Confused and worried, Karcich piles the items on a shelf in his office, wondering what happened.
Is Telemaque in prison? A hospital? Is he okay?
Just like that, Telemaque is gone again.
* * *
Eight seconds remained on the game clock, and St. Joe's trailed bitter rival Paterson Kennedy, 15-13, during the 1989 season. The Green Knights needed a miracle.
They needed Greg Telemaque.
St. Joe's quarterback Mike Kearney threw a quick pass to receiver Pat Duroseau, who lateraled to Telemaque, swooping out of the backfield. Telemaque took the pitch, broke a tackle and sprinted 55 yards for the game-winning touchdown -- one of the greatest plays in St. Joe's history.
"He was just a thing of beauty," Karcich says.
Everyone has a favorite Telemaque tale. Like the time he swapped cleats with Karcich before a game against Delbarton on an icy field, then rushed for 274 yards and four touchdowns. Or the time he fielded a kick over his shoulder -- Willie Mays-style -- against Passaic and returned it past midfield to set up a game-clinching score.
People had never seen a kid move like Telemaque. He stood 6-3 and weighed 230 pounds, but glided across the field and saw plays unfold two moves in advance.
At St. Joe's, he became a Bergen County legend, a marvel, the answer to a trivia question, the model for generations of Green Knights tailbacks at the storied national powerhouse that has captured 17 state championships.
"He was more than fantastic," says Telemaque's brother, Vladimir, also a star player.
"One of the greatest to play in New Jersey," adds Rob Stern, a longtime St. Joe's assistant.
"They say a picture's worth a thousand words," Karcich says. "Well, his highlight tape is worth a million words."
There was something else about Telemaque, they all say. In the locker room, he would retreat to a corner and never change in front of teammates. He was withdrawn and quiet, even at practice.
For college, Telemaque chose Georgia Tech, the defending national champion, due in large part to coach Bobby Ross' firm Christian beliefs and his assurance to pay special attention to Telemaque.
But after the 1991 season, Telemaque's freshman year in Atlanta, Ross took the head coaching job with the NFL's San Diego Chargers.
Soon, everything fell apart.
* * *
The search for Telemaque begins online, a trail that quickly runs dry.
He has no Twitter or Instagram account. His Facebook page shows three friends, but no pictures or posts. There are no home addresses or phone numbers in public records databases. A Google search reveals only a couple obscure football stories from years ago. The newspaper clippings from his playing days trail off in April of 1993 with a report that Telemaque, then finishing his sophomore year, has been listed as questionable for Georgia Tech's spring game with a sprained foot.
Karcich is puzzled.
"I had a number that he had called me from and I called that number four or five times," Karcich says. "It's a recording and I don't know who it is.
"Each time I say, 'Listen, Greg Telemaque was trying to reach me, I'm his high school coach. Please have him call me at this number.' And I never heard from the kid. Maybe he had a setback. I don't know."
In early November, the trail picks up again -- at his mother's house, a modest split-level in Spring Valley, N.Y., just across the New Jersey border. Marie Badio Telemaque, who is from Haiti, tells a visitor Greg is "such a good boy. [But] when he got sick, everyone was very sorry. He had the whole, wide world in his hands."
For the next hour, Badio Telemaque fills in the gaps. She says the first hint her son was fighting demons came in high school. Often, he told his mother he felt like he had an electrical cord wrapped around his legs, restricting his movement, holding him in place.
A few years later, Badio Telemaque says, he made another startling confession: He was hearing voices. The voices were sometimes deafening. At times, they urged him to hurt others, to kill himself.
"He didn't tell anybody," Badio Telemaque says. "He thought it was normal."
His family took Greg to several doctors and thought whatever ailed him was under control.
Until the night he picked up the scissors.
* * *
On Nov. 27, 1995, Greg's 6-year-old brother, David, walked past his bedroom. It was dark and the lights were off.
David remembers Greg staring out a window, his body bathed in moonlight. David knew something wasn't right, but didn't understand.
The next thing he recalls is waking up in the hospital.
Ramapo (N.Y.) police arrested Greg, who was questioned by officer Martin Flatley, according to documents obtained by NJ Advance Media.
Flatley: "Greg, do you know why you're here?"
Greg: "Yeah, I know why I'm here."
Flatley: "Do you want to tell me why you are here?"
Greg: "I'm here 'cause I killed Lucifer."
Flatley: "Who is Lucifer?"
Greg: "Lucifer is the devil. Lucifer is David."
Flatley: "How old is David?"
Greg: "He's six."
Flatley: "How did you kill David?"
Greg: "I stabbed him."
Flatley: "Where did you stab him, Greg?"
Greg: "I stabbed him in the lower back area."
Flatley: "What did you stab him with?"
Greg: "I stabbed him with scissors."
Flatley: "Why did you stab David?"
Greg: "I killed him because he is Lucifer the devil. I did it to free all the children for Jesus."
Flatley: "I believe in Jesus but I would never do what you did."
Greg: "I am a sinner."
* * *
After the conversation with Telemaque's mother, the search leads to the Bronx Psychiatric Center, a weathered, tan-brick building on the outskirts of the borough. It's where Telemaque says he has lived since 2009.
He greets visitors on a chilly November afternoon with a warm smile. Telemaque has added roughly 50 pounds from his playing days, and his muscular, athletic body has yielded to one of an average middle-aged man. His eyes open wide and his hands tremble gently, results of his medication. He walks in abbreviated steps and his voice is soft, almost timid.
Since attacking his brother, Telemaque says he has moved between three live-in hospitals: Rockland Psychiatric Center, Mid-Hudson Forensic Psychiatric Center and the Bronx.
David survived the stabbing and says today he has long forgiven his brother, but Greg was charged with second-degree attempted murder and first-degree assault. The court ordered a psychiatric evaluation. According to records, a psychologist and a psychiatrist both concluded Greg suffered from schizophrenia, a crippling mental illness often characterized by paranoia, abnormal social behavior and the inability to recognize what's real.
Greg, according to court documents, suffered from "paranoid delusions of demonic possession." After nearly a year of hearings and motions, Greg was found not responsible for the attack "by reason of mental illness or defect."
"I have a lot of sympathy for David since I did that," Greg says during one of several conversations earlier this month. "I can't talk about it right now because it affects me really bad. I'm sad about what I did to him."
Open yet bashful, Telemaque recounts his story. He traces his illness to high school, when he says he was often "sad" and "depressed." Then, at Georgia Tech, he started hearing voices. Sitting in class, the voices drowned out the lesson, making it nearly impossible to focus.
"I'd feel like 15 minutes went by, but I'd see 45 minutes went by because I was listening to the voices," he says.
And sometimes, he admits, he would have conversations with the voices.
"I would talk about the Earth, like, special things," he says. "Guardian angels, demons, the devil. Like spiritual things, New Age things. Like crystals and tarot cards."
Ross, the Georgia Tech coach who is now retired and living in Richmond, Va., says Telemaque "needed special attention and extra time," but he never saw the erratic behavior. "He was away from home and honestly I just thought that it was that type of thing."
Telemaque's older brother, Vladimir, says it's a miracle Greg lasted as long as he did at Georgia Tech -- if only because football held things together.
"It's like playing football set him free," Vladimir says.
When he wasn't on the field, Telemaque struggled socially and academically. Making matters worse, Ross' successor, Bill Lewis, did not have the time to devote special attention to Telemaque, Karcich and Vladimir say.
"The coaches kept asking me, 'What's going on, Greg? What's wrong?'" Telemaque says. "I told them, 'Nothing's wrong.' I never told them anything was wrong with me because I didn't really know there was anything wrong with me."
After redshirting his second season and then suffering the foot injury the next, Telemaque says his grades plummeted and the school pulled his scholarship. He says he was virtually homeless, bouncing around and sleeping on dorm floors until his mother sent money for a train home.
He attacked David about two years later, and Telemaque says he has since received rigorous treatment in the three psychiatric centers. He has constant counseling sessions. He takes powerful anti-psychotic medication to control the voices and urges. The medicine, he says, leaves him sluggish, racked with fatigue and bloated.
Earlier this year, Telemaque says he was supposed to be released from the hospital, prompting him to call Karcich for his transcript and diploma. He had visions of getting a job and his own apartment, visions of a reunion with his coach and watching his highlight tape.
But Telemaque says he suffered an untimely setback in June. Frustrated after losing his position working in the psychiatric center's computer lab because the supervisor moved elsewhere, Telemaque says he tried to kill himself by taking a bottle of Tylenol tablets.
Now, he doesn't know if he'll ever leave.
* * *
Tony Karcich steps into his car two-and-a half weeks ago and heads over the Tappan Zee Bridge toward the Bronx Psychiatric Center. It's time for the coach and player to reunite, and Karcich's chest flutters with anxiety. It has been more than 20 years since he saw his former star.
Karcich, who retired this past summer after more than 40 years of coaching, has been busy reflecting on his life and career. He coached so many great players -- Devin and Jason McCourty, Junior Galette, Steve Beauharnais. But when he stops on Telemaque's name, the debate ends and the words flow easily.
"He's the greatest athlete because he could do it all," Karcich says. "Really, he could do it all."
Since learning Telemaque was living in a psychiatric center, Karcich says he has struggled with guilt. During his high school years, Telemaque had been so introverted and talented that Karcich developed a keen love for him. Now, he wonders if he could have helped more. Did he miss critical warning signs? Does Telemaque blame him?
The thoughts roll through Karcich's mind as he pushes toward the Bronx.
* * *
The doors to the Bronx Psychiatric Center are manned by a security guard inside a glass office. Karcich, his wife Linda by his side, produces his license and signs in. The guard buzzes them through a pair of locked doors on the first floor. They are escorted by another guard down a long hallway and turn into a visiting room with bright orange walls, tiled floors and circular tables.
Karcich's hands are filled with Telemaque's framed diploma, his transcript, a DVD filled with his highlights, a St. Joe's hooded sweatshirt, a jacket, a ball cap and a wool ski hat.
After nearly 10 minutes, Telemaque bounds into the room.
"What's up, Coach?" he says, smiling wide.
The men throw their arms around one another. Eyes closed, Telemaque squeezes Karcich hard and tight. The embrace lasts nearly 30 seconds.
They sit at one of the circular tables. More than two decades have passed. So much uncertainty, so much mystery.
"So talk to me," Karcich says. "What's going on?"
Telemaque lays it all out. The voices in his head. The suicide attempts. The medication that leaves him zombie-like. They talk about football, old games, better times. Karcich hands over the items Telemaque requested, watching his eyes light up.
"My life is just rough," Telemaque admits. "After I left high school, it went all downhill."
"Here's the thing," Karcich says, leaning close, falling back into coach mode. "Things are tough on a lot of people. You can't feel that it's only you. Everyone has problems. So all you can do is make the best out of every single day. Wake up in the morning, you make the best out of that day. That's what you do, Greg."
After nearly 30 minutes, Karcich stands to leave, but he promises to return soon. The men hug again.
The mystery may be solved, but Karcich isn't contented. He walks to the parking lot, the moon overhead, then pauses.
"I had a lot of emotions," Karcich says. "Mostly just thinking if it helps him a little bit being here, that's the No. 1 thing. But I guess I'm sad to remember what he used to be like. It's very difficult."
Karcich turns for his car. The visit will nag at the old coach.
Nine days later, Karcich returns with another set of highlights burned onto a DVD. As soon as he sees his old coach, a beaming Telemaque shares the big news. "I lost 12 pounds already! I did it because of you."
Karcich, seeing the impact of his earlier visit, is awash with joy.
For the next hour, the men talk about more games, more memories. Despite the wide-eyes and trembling hands, Telemaque is buzzing with optimism.
"I'm more determined than ever to turn my life around," he tells Karcich. "I can't let you down."
The pain and heartache are gone, Telemaque says. He feels something new, something real.
For the first time in maybe 20 years, Greg Telemaque feels hope.
Matthew Stanmyre may be reached at mstanmyre@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattStanmyre.
