Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE did not swear an oath to tell the truth before meeting with the FBI for three and a half hours last weekend, and the interview was not recorded, FBI Director James Comey told House lawmakers on Thursday.
The lack of a sworn oath does not remove the possibility of criminal penalties against Clinton if she lied to the FBI, though he said he had “no basis to conclude” that she was untruthful.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Still a crime to lie to us,” Comey told the House Oversight Committee.
FBI policy is not to record interviews as part of its investigations.
Yet the revelations will nonetheless raise questions among Republicans, who have been skeptical of the FBI's investigation and have demanded to see the transcript of the former secretary of State's interview in downtown Washington on Saturday.
“Well, that's a problem,” Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) told Comey when the FBI chief explained the terms of the interview.
"It's pretty clear ... that the American people would like to see what Hillary Clinton said to the FBI," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) told reporters on Wednesday, a day before Comey's appearance before House lawmakers.
Under FBI policy — and to the dismay of civil libertarians and staunch transparency advocates — the bureau does not conduct electronic recordings of interviews.
“Under the current policy, agents may not electronically record confessions or interviews, openly or surreptitiously” except in rare circumstances, the bureau said in a 2006 memo.
The FBI did, however, complete a federal form summarizing the interview, known as an FD-302, Comey said.
Mica recommended that a copy of that summary be provided to the Oversight Committee.
Comey himself was not among the “five or six” agents who interviewed Clinton, he testified on Thursday. But he assured lawmakers that Clinton told the truth throughout the session.
"I don't think the agents assessed she was evasive," he added.
NEW DELHI: The last time the Indian government , led by the redoubtable Indira Gandhi , went looking for hidden gold among private property, Pakistan also jumped onto the bandwagon.In 1976, at the height of the Emergency, Indira ordered the Indian Army to march off to look for hidden treasure in Jaigarh fort, which was still a property of the Jaipur royal family . Legend had it that Man Singh had stashed away huge amounts of treasure from some of his campaigns. That legend persisted after India's independence. With Gayatri Devi imprisoned during Emergency, Indira thought it fit to search Jaipur royal properties for the treasure.The correspondence finds space in an invaluable work of history, India-Pakistan Relations (1947-2007), edited by Avtar Singh Bhasin, released earlier this year and is mandatory reading for any student of history. Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , then prime minister of Pakistan, heard about the treasure hunt and decided Pakistan should not be denied its share. In a letter to Indira on August 11, 1976, Bhutto said, “As your expedition of locating the treasure proceeds, I would urge you to remain cognizant of Pakistan's claim to its due share of this wealth. This is an asset which was not known at the time of partition between the two successor states (then called dominions) of India and Pakistan.“However, the order that was enforced with the agreement of both governments did not fail to provide that any property or benefits can be shared between them where such sharing is just and equitable. The historical provenance of this treasure, regardless of the location of its physical discovery, makes it the joint patrimony of our two countries and I am confident that, with an approach based on equity, we will dis-countenance any usurpation and amicably arrive at a formula for the division between us.”Indira did not dignify Bhutto's claim with a response until December of that year. By then, the Army division sent to unearth the treasure returned empty-handed after three months of fruitless search. Responding to Bhutto on December 31, 1976, Indira said, “I had asked our legal experts to give careful consideration to the claim you made on behalf of Pakistan. They are of the clear opinion that the claim has no legal basis. Incidentally, the treasure has turned out to be non-existent.”Bhutto complimented Indira on abolishing the old royalty, saying, “Both our countries have taken the same view of the rights of the princely order and, with complete justification, abolished it as an appendage or association of the colonial regime. I am certain that no one can maintain the argument that your government's action involves confiscation of the private property of any individual or dynasty.”The Pakistani PM justified asking for a share of the riches. “It is clear that the treasure is a historical inheritance of the subcontinent which was bequeathed to it by its pre-colonial sovereignties, especially the Mughal emperors in coalition with their Rajput allies. That, before or during the anarchy which ravaged the subcontinent and invited foreign domination, these assets were misappropriated and hoarded by a particular warlord has no bearing whatsoever on their legal or moral ownership.” Indira, however, would have none of it.
Duke Forecastle - Part 15
The great ship went down faster than Forecastle would have believed possible. The sea poured into her ports, and she sank away without much complaint at all. No decks split apart, no yards snapped—she barely made a sound. It was as if Unsinkable II had simply set a new course and sailed away down below the waves.
The gangplanks only worked as a means of escape for a few more minutes, before they were hanging uselessly over the frigate's rails, or clattering to the ship-of-the-line's rapidly receding main deck. At that point, the Seaworld sailors aboard the frigate threw cargo nets over for their compatriots to climb up.
A swarm of sailors made it up and over the rails that way. Some took to the big warship's longboats and launches, and some of the riggers climbed or swung across. But soon after that, they were casting coiled ropes down among the dozens of heads bobbing in the churning water.
He ordered the frigate's two launches lowered, to help fish out survivors. But Captain Forecastle could see that many of the crew and passengers hadn't made it up top in time.
And he hadn't seen Cat Harping yet.
He could no longer tell if she was alive. He'd lost his innate sense of the Unsinkable II's crew or the ship's condition, since he was no longer captain of that vessel.
He stood in command of HMS Double Eagle. It was the only name that had sprung to mind when the ship had finally been seized, and he'd been forced to will it a designation. The proper thing to call it might have been HMS Nelson Chequer, but he supposed someone with a higher regard for the man could name some other ship that. (And HMS Hubris Unsinkable III was completely out of the question.)
Carrack had made it to the Eagle's command deck, though, along with Collier and the third helmsman, Dromond. They'd been able to climb over directly to the quarterdeck. So he had officers, if he needed to do field promotions. Or shipboard, whatever.
“Where's Cat!” he shouted at Carrack, as lightning flashed overhead.
Carrack looked grim and wet, shaking his head. “She was belowdecks, Cap'n! I don't see as how she coulda got topside!”
“No!” was all Forecastles could say for a moment. He couldn't do this alone. He couldn't comprehend the task of commanding this ship without her. “We need her!”
Carrack shrugged. The two men stood there in the rain, listening to the shouts on the wind. “You could try your, uh...your pet! Sir!”
Forecastle blinked. “My... What, the bird?”
“Yessir!” The helmsman nodded.
“What do you—” What was the man saying? “What can the bird do about it?!”
“Fish ‘er out the water? Like it fished you, sir!”
His eyes went wide. “You're saying the bird rescued me? When I was keelhauled?”
“Yessir!”
“How?”
“Just...dove in and came up with you,” said Carrack, shrugging yet again. “Thought you knew about it.”
Forecastle made a fist and put a knuckle to his lips, staring down over the rail.
Then he raised his eyes skyward and shouted, “Eaguulllll!”
---
The warlord with the mustache had been automagically clapped in irons when his ship fell, becoming a prisoner of the Double Eagle rather than of the double eagle. But Captain Forecastle only learned about this when the man was dumped in a heap at his feet.
The bird performed the drop with a little J-hook flourish, and soared out over the rail.
“Bring me Cat Harping! Find a unit called ‘Cat Harping' and rescue her! Give her a point of Luck!” the Captain ordered the flying unit. Its screech of acknowledgment was already muted by distance. He saw it dive, but could not see where it had hit the water.
“That's a dreadful beast, Seaworld!” snarled the captive. Forecastle turned to look down on him, and his men stepped closer to the prisoner. He was sitting on his rump on the soaking wet planks, black manacles holding his wrists and ankles close together. “The Titans curse ye for puttin' me in its grip.”
“How did you sink us?” asked the Captain, though he didn't expect a useful answer. “How do you do it?”
The warlord shook his head. “I could tell you, but I'd rather show ye. Why'n'cha croak me, Seaworld? Anchormen don't take ta bein' held.”
Forecastle wiped rain from his brow and turned back to watch for the eagle to emerge. “Get him off the quarterdeck,” he ordered.
“A trick's a fine thing ta play, Seaworld!” the prisoner shouted, as the stabbers dragged him toward the steps. “Fair enough when it's turn'd about on ye! Don'tcha think?”
Forecastle didn't try to decipher that. He was staring out at the rolling, windswept waves.
There weren't all that many heads bobbing around out there now. By his sense of the Double Eagle's complement, less than half of Unsinkable II's 352 units were now aboard. The other half could not be accounted for by the boats and the swimmers. They must have lost at least ninety to the waves.
Where was Cat? For that matter, was the eagle in trouble? Had he just ordered it on an impossible mission? If Cat was already lost, would it stay down there looking for her until it drowned?
It had rescued him... That hadn't sunk in quite yet. On whose orders would it have done that? Or was it just smart enough to know that it was the only unit that could have saved him at that point? Had it caused the bad luck of the keelhaul line snapping, then spent the point to be able to rescue him?
Titans, you have made a terrible mystery of this world.
He knew the eagle had not perished, since it was attached to his crew. But he couldn't see it, and didn't know its condition. It had been under the waves for a long time, and Cat had been down even longer. What did it—
Something broke the water, throwing up a huge splash. In the rain and the churning waves, he thought he saw two splashes or disturbances. What was that?
Then the unmistakable brown wings crested up and beat at the surface of the sea, scooping at the air. The double eagle cleared the water, and it was definitely carrying something: a human form, very limp.
---
In the end, he did the only thing he could have.
Cat Harping was aboard, but incapacitated and only sporadically conscious. No friendly sail was in sight. No more Seaworld units were in the water. The rest of the Anchorbar fleet was forming a crisp battle line, and moving in.
Between no chance and some tiny chance, Captain Forecastle ran for the sliver of hope. But he did indeed run. HMS Double Eagle pulled in her boats, set the gale winds behind her, and spent her last and only move. She fled the hex, to await the enemy's turn.
Their destruction would only be delayed by an hour or so, but at least it would come to them in warm sunshine.
Aberdeen council candidates have said they will boycott a hustings event if they are forced to share a platform with the National Front.
Torry Community Group has organised the event to quiz candidates standing for the Torry/Ferryhill council ward.
The UKIP candidate for the ward William McIntosh said he received a letter from the group which said all candidates had been invited except the National Front's Billy Watson because some candidates did not wish to share a platform with him.
Mr McIntosh said it was an issue of “freedom of speech”.
He added: “I don't agree with their policies, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion and they shouldn't be excluding people for the sake of one or two.
“What if I said I didn't want to sit with the Conservative candidate?”
The SNP, which has two candidates in the ward – Catriona Mackenzie and Christian Allard – said they would not share a platform with Mr Watson.
Mr Watson could not be reached for comment.
An SNP spokeswoman said: “We intend to send a local candidate to take part in this hustings event.
“However, our candidates do not wish to share a platform with people who actively encourage hate speech, misogyny and racism.
“Therefore, if a National Front candidate is invited to take part then no SNP candidate will be present.”
Renee Slater, Scottish Green Party candidate, said she would also be opposed to appearing with the NF candidate due to the party's “racist policies”.
She said: “It's important we state that racism is not a part of our community.”
Among its policies, the National Front has stated it would halt all non-white immigration into Britain and introduce a policy of “phased and humane repatriation”.
Betty Lyon, one of the organisers of the hustings, said a letter was sent to Mr Watson to say he could provide a written statement to be read out.
She added that the NF was not invited because the group needs to get “as many candidates as we can” to attend in order for residents to get the chance to quiz them.
Labour councillor Yvonne Allan, who is standing for re-election, said she had made no objection to any candidates attending, nor did Cllr Alan Donnelly of the Conservatives or independent candidate David Fryer.
Candidates Piotr Teodorowski (Aberdeen Labour) and Gregor McAbery (Scottish Liberal Democrats) could not be reached for comment.
The hustings is set to take place today at The White Cockade at 7pm.
Baseball, without question, is going to be a worse game without Mariano Rivera. It wasn't just that Rivera was consistently excellent. It's that he was also unwaveringly humble and gracious, being the rare sort of Yankee you could like even if you rooted for a team of non-Yankees. But Rivera's retirement does, at least, open up some questions that previously wouldn't have been up for debate. When it comes to picking the best at something, Rivera's absence gives a chance to somebody else.
I was asked in my Tuesday chat to identify the new most dominant pitch in baseball. Before, the answer was automatic: Mariano Rivera's cutter. It was that way for nearly two decades, as Rivera rode one masterful pitch to glory and a certain place in the Hall of Fame. Rivera never really declined, and his cutter topped the list because of his command, his results and his longevity. But now we're able to entertain the idea of other pitchers and other pitches. With Rivera out of the picture, choosing another pitch isn't blasphemous. The way I see it, there are two contenders.
Rivera debuted in 1995, but he wasn't himself yet. He was still thought of as a potential starting pitcher, and he didn't find his groove until the next season. From that point forward, Rivera allowed a 42 OPS+. Recall that a 100 OPS+ is average, and a 99 OPS+ is above-average, for a pitcher. The difference between an average OPS+ allowed and Rivera's OPS+ allowed is Sergio Romo's OPS+ allowed. Rivera was pretty good.
Craig Kimbrel, so far, has allowed a 28 OPS+. He's been completely absurd. It would be hard to argue against the idea that Kimbrel has been baseball's most dominant pitcher. But is he in possession of baseball's most dominant pitch? I don't think so, because he throws two dominant pitches with his fastball and his curveball. It makes it hard to separate one from the other. It's interesting what happens if you follow along on the list.
Remember that Rivera, as a full-time reliever, allowed a 42 OPS+. So far, Aroldis Chapman has allowed a 42 OPS+. And, so far, Kenley Jansen has allowed a 43 OPS+. Also significant, for our purposes here: Chapman has thrown a whole bunch of fastballs. Jansen has thrown a whole bunch of cutters. According to the PITCHf/x information we have, and courtesy of Brooks Baseball, later-career Rivera threw 89% cutters. Jansen has thrown 89% cutters. Chapman has thrown 85% heaters. While neither is exclusively a one-pitch pitcher, neither was Rivera. They're just mostly one-pitch pitchers, like Rivera, and that's why I've settled on this particular pair of candidates.
This is different from finding baseball's most unhittable pitch. That's simply ordering pitches by swings and misses. What made Rivera's cutter so dominant was hitters couldn't hit it even when they basically knew it was coming. That's how it's been with Jansen's cutter, and Chapman's fastball. Cole Hamels, for example, has thrown an outstanding changeup, but it would probably be a lot less outstanding if he threw it nine times out of every 10 pitches. Pitches rely on one another; every pitch is connected. Rivera's cutter relied on itself. Jansen's cutter relies on itself. Chapman's fastball relies mostly on itself. I don't know if there's an objective way to calculate the game's most dominant pitch, but for me, frequency scores major points.
Because of that, I actually slightly favor Jansen's cutter. Chapman has thrown a slider 15% of the time, and it's extremely different from his fastball. Jansen has thrown a slider 8% of the time, and last year it was below 6%. Jansen is more of a one-pitch pitcher than Chapman is, and so I give extra credit to his cutter. Still, I couldn't in good conscience write this just about Jansen without acknowledging Chapman's unhittability. Pick whichever pitch you want between them, and I won't argue. I'm just picking Jansen's.
The following is a table of information, from Brooks Baseball. This covers the PITCHf/x era, so it misses a lot of Rivera, but gets all of the other two guys. And, for Rivera, it should be fairly representative.
Pitcher Pitch Strike% Contact% BA ISO Rivera Cutter 69% 79% 0.192 0.077 Jansen Cutter 68% 66% 0.159 0.086 Chapman Fastball 64% 66% 0.177 0.088
Rivera, of course, wasn't a strikeout pitcher in the style of Jansen or Chapman. Rivera's strikeout rate peaked at 31%; for his career, he struck out about a quarter of all batters he faced. Jansen has struck out two-fifths of the batters he's faces, and Chapman's exactly the same. Rivera was famously able to induce weaker contact, because of his movement and command. Jansen's cutter and Chapman's fastball have yet to be pounded, but they're just different pitches in style and intent.
I don't refer to pitch-type values very often, but I will note this: Rivera's cutter was worth around two runs better than average per 100 throws. That is, over the part of his career for which we have appropriate records. Chapman comes in around +1.2 runs per 100 fastballs. Jansen's at about +1.8 runs per 100 cutters. There's a lot that goes into these numbers, and they're too complex to be tremendously useful, but they can at least be indicative of things, and so consider this confirmation that Jansen has a great cutter and Chapman has a great fastball.
A little more before I let you go. Chapman is no longer the hot mess he was in 2011. The past two years, he's increased his fastball strike rate. Jansen's even more interesting, because he was a catcher as recently as 2009. He's still relatively new to pitching, so he's still making some improvements. Here's his cutter strike rate by year:
2010: 64%
2011: 66%
2012: 68%
2013: 70%
The thing about Jansen is he's aggressive with his cutter in the strike zone. He doesn't have Rivera's impeccable command, but his command is plenty good and the quality of his cutter gives him a greater margin of error. He's able to get away with more. Last year, batters swung through 30% of Chapman fastballs right down the middle. They swung through 33% of Jansen cutters down the middle. More often than not, with Jansen, hitters are going to get a cutter somewhere in the zone. That knowledge hasn't helped them yet.
You don't need to see Chapman's fastball. You know what an Aroldis Chapman fastball looks like. You might be more curious to see Kenley Jansen's cutter in action. So, as .gif relief, he's Jansen carving through Yadier Molina last October:
Perfect, all of them. Kenley Jansen isn't perfect, but neither was Mariano Rivera. He's been about as close as humans can get, and he's done it in large part with one pitch, a fastball with cut movement that just came to him naturally. Jansen and Rivera have a surprising amount in common, which should maybe be less surprising given that the former has extensively studied the latter.
With Mariano Rivera retired, which is the new most dominant pitch in baseball? Forced to choose, I'd say it's Kenley Jansen's cutter. Close behind, there's Aroldis Chapman's fastball. Craig Kimbrel is probably the most dominant pitcher in baseball, but that's a different subject. Of course, we can't think of Jansen's cutter or Chapman's fastball in the same way we think of Rivera's cutter. One of the things that made Rivera's cutter so extraordinary is he threw it so well for so many years. In that regard, Jansen and Chapman have a long way to go, with an awful lot to prove. But then, Rivera's cutter was an all-time pitch, and you wouldn't expect somebody to throw something just as good for just as long. Jansen's cutter is amazing for now, and that's good enough. Sadly, Rivera's no longer an active pitcher in the peer pool.
UPDATED, Sunday, 10:31 AM: The management of The Leisure Seeker film let crew members know today that they will provide rental cars for those whose cars are unusable for the duration of the shoot “as a courtesy” and also “would like to cover” auto insurance deductibles for cars that need repair.
This is a similar response that management for the production of Paramount Pictures' Rings did for their crew when cars were flooded out in the same spot in the same parking lot during a shoot: the company paid deductibles, but some crew members whose cars were totaled by the rush of water still ended up car-less.
“Although the losses are not our legal responsibility, we are trying to assist those affected,” they said and directed crew to submit the loss to their insurance companies first because “primary responsibility for any damages falls on your insurance in the same was as if you were in a car accident that was not your fault.”
EXCLUSIVE, Previously Friday, 11:21 AM: Crew members on the Atlanta set of the Donald Sutherland-Helen Mirren movie The Leisure Seeker are furious after they found their cars filled with water in a parking lot where they were told they had to park or be towed. About 20-25 cars were flooded in a downpour, and two crew members told us a handful of those cars were totaled. Those working on the film also were told (in writing) that they would have to get relief from their own insurance companies as the production said the losses were not covered by the shoot's insurance.
Deadline spoke to several of those affected by the incident that occurred last Thursday. The Leisure Seeker is a union shoot, and the U.S.-Italy production hired local Georgia crew members. The crew, which later learned this was not the first time that parking lot had flooded, were upset and angry that they are on the hook for thousands of dollars in repairs.
“This is the worst experience I've had in my entire career, and I've worked in production for over a decade,” said one crew member who declined to go on record. “I've never have been treated like this. It's very degrading. I have thought about getting out of the business over this. It's humiliating. It's the union guys trying to make the producers happy and the producers trying to make the production happy while all of us below-the-line are getting screwed. I've cried for like three days over this.”
The Leisure Seeker is an independent production which is being directed by Paolo Virzi, and there are about 10 producers on the film. It's a road-trip picture written by Stephen Amidon.
Deadline has been shown photos and multiple videos of crew members repeatedly dishing plastic Solo cups full of water out of their flooded floorboards and pulling out soaked and ruined personal items. E-mails from the production were also shared with us that told workers to file with their personal insurance companies.
“They had us all park on an embankment and water rose over the engine compartment,” said one crew member whose car was badly damaged. “We have production crew members — some are young kids, without cars now.” He said one of the female producers was handing out Solo cups to try to help the crew members get water out of their cars. Another producer was asking crew members about the condition of their cars and who among them needed rentals.
One of the photos shows a sign saying that the area is a flood zone and to park 6 feet from the wall. One of the videos obtained by Deadline shows a measurement being done between the cars and the wall — it measured 7 feet. The crew was directed to park there by a yellow CREW PARKING sign. More than one crew member said they were told that they had to park there or their cars would be towed.
“We were directed to park there by the crew map and the call sheet; we could not park elsewhere and they told us if we did that the cars would be towed,” one crew member said. “We weren't told until lunch time about this. We were shooting and there was a massive downpour. At the time we were shooting we weren't notified that there was a flood. All the cars were underwater. My car had standing water. Some crew members found water halfway up the seats. One of my other crew members, his car was pretty much underwater. They said to go and try to start our cars. The last thing you want to do is turn a car on in standing water. Some people did and their cars are totally screwed now.”
In an email obtained by Deadline, workers were told: “Production insurance does not cover employee vehicles.” It also said that the producers “want to try and help.” The production told those affected that Teamsters would try to vacuum out the cars, and they also offered them “up to $100” for detailing, and told them to collect receipts and they would see what they could do for reimbursement. According to two crew members, there was a security guard hired who was stationed in the parking lot. “The security guard didn't let us know,” said one crew member. “Why weren't we notified?” They were notified by other crew members who had gone out to their cars.
“At the moment, we are providing rental cars for those who don't have cars,” said executive producer Alessandro Mascheroni, who referred Deadline to line producer James Spies for more information. Spies did not return a call seeking comment. The co-producer, Betta Boni, had no comment and suggested calling Mascheroni. Mamann had no comment and referred calls to the production manager. The production supervisor also had no comment. Deadline then called the production coordinator and the location manager. Neither returned calls seeking comment.
Producer Fabrizio Donvito issued a statement on Friday afternoon: “We have a wonderful crew and are working closely with those affected by the floods to lend our support, financial and otherwise. We immediately provided rental cars and arranged transportation for those in need, and as they go through the insurance process, we continue to offer transportation and car cleaning services to all of our crew. The entire production team is working together to help one another.”
A production source noted they are waiting for receipts to come in “to see what can be taken care of.” That source said they are hoping to take care of “some of the costs after the crew first files through their personal insurance company.”
Meanwhile, the crew is frustrated and stressed and scared to speak up. “I'm still working there so I don't want to go on the record,” said a crew member who was fearful of repercussions. “We parked in the part that was designated for crew. Our call time was at 4 PM. We heard about two or three hours into our jobs, that crew parking was flooding. It was a downpour. At lunchtime, when we could take a break, we went and looked. At least 20 to 30 cars had water damage. It was literally a whole line of cars. They told us to move the cars to the production office, but it was too late. This has cost us all a lot of money.”
Estimates show that some of the damage would cost $2,000 in repairs, with transmission replacements coming to about $9,000. “Three people I know of right now, their cars are totaled. They have no transportation,” said a different crew member.
“They said to give them our receipts and they might try to reimburse us, but then said now we're on our own. They said they were not financially responsible for this. The night before they said they would help us out and the next day the story changed. It's been one thing after another,” said one of the crew members.
Some do not have vehicles — or will not — as of Saturday because rental cars were only offered until the weekend as the crew will then be bused to a new location (Jekyll Island) and be provided transportation to and from there.
“After Saturday, the cars are no longer paid for or we pay for it out of pocket,” said one member of the crew. “It's incredibly stressful for us. You can't get around Atlanta without transportation. It should be put in all of our contracts that crew cars are covered while working on set. I was told that the car is not covered under their insurance plan. Some people have high deductibles, like me. We were told they don't have the money in the budget, that it's not covered and that we are going to have to take care of this ourselves because cars in crew parking are not covered.”
They would later learn that the parking lot was a known hazard and that it happened on other productions, including Paramount's Rings. Deadline contacted an electrician who worked on the set of Rings and asked about it. “It happened to me,” he said. “My car was totaled. I was on set and when I got off work, I got a note on the driver's window of my car that said that water was over the hood of my car and I should not drive it. There were notes on about 25 other cars, too. I believe mine and two others were officially totaled. How Rings did it, from what I understand, IATSE got involved and made sure it was taken care of.”
He said that the production company on Rings told the crew to put in the claim on their insurance and it wouldn't count against them. They then paid the deductible for the crew members who were affected. The electrician was reimbursed by insurance, but, he said: “I know a few people who weren't as lucky and were screwed. It was in the same parking lot, the same spot.”
Safety bulletins issued by the Industry Wide Labor-Management Safety Committee warn about the dangers of flash flooding to cast and crew – but not to their cars. “Flash flooding is usually caused by slow-moving thunderstorms and can occur within a few minutes or hours of excessive rainfall,” Safety Bulletin #38 reads. “Realize it does not have to be raining at your specific location for a flood to occur.”
Deadline reached out to the owner of the property, but has not received a response.
Deadline's David Robb contributed to this report.
The hair haunts me. All those layers....I really enjoy this; tried working with different versions of extra limbs. I like the symmetrical layout.I feel that she would aggressively try to help others and end up intimidating them with her size and rather assertive but monotone voice.Orange Agate as a stone of medicinal and chakra reasons stands for patience, good luck, raising of consciousness as well as self-confidence, and the protection of children. I felt that these worked well with both's Yellow and Heliolite. Agate is also a type of quartz with chalcedony, so I thought it would fit well.They're pretty balanced except in the way their minds work, so they meld pretty well. I would imagine they could stay in fusion form for a while before separating.Yellow Quartz is's lovely creation <3Heliolite is mine, as well as the art.Steven U is Rebecca Sugar's
S Expand
Earlier this year, games journalist-about-town (and Kotaku columnist) Leigh Alexander and I did a little experiment—I had never played the classic JRPG Final Fantasy VII , a game that she counts among her very favorites. The idea was that I would play the game for the first time, and as I went through it, we'd write letters talking about it and publish them. We had a lot of fun with it—so much fun, in fact, that we've decided to start doing the same thing to other games, each time choosing a classic that one of us knows well and one of us doesn't. P
For our second series, we'll be tackling the classic PC Game Deus Ex. It's a game which I am very familiar, but Leigh has never really played. Given the pending release of Human Revolution (which, by the way, P For our second series, we'll be tackling the classic PC GameDeus Ex.It's a game which I am very familiar, but Leigh has never really played. Given the pending release ofHuman Revolution(which, by the way, is looking pretty snappy ), our timing couldn't be better. We'll be posting a letter a week for the next few weeks. We hope you enjoy them.
— P
From: Kirk Hamilton
To: Leigh Alexander
Subject: Welcome to Liberty Island P
Leigh, P
So here we are again, our letter-writing skills at the ready, set to tackle another classic video game. Last time out, Deus Ex , a game that I played a hell of a lot back in the height of my PC-gaming days. P So here we are again, our letter-writing skills at the ready, set to tackle another classic video game. Last time out, we took on Final Fantasy VII , a game with which you are quite familiar and which I had never played. This time, the tables are turned, and we'll be playingDeus Ex, a game that I played a hell of a lot back in the height of my PC-gaming days.
As ahead of its time as the game was in many respects, a lot has changed since it was released back in 2000. I'm so interested to hear what you think of it, and to talk about it with you. Though thankfully not talk talk, since I have a hard time saying the name of this game in ordinary conversation without kinda sounding like a goof. P
When I booted Deus Ex up for the first time, I remember not being quite sure what to make of it. I'd played (and loved) many of the best PC action games of that era, games like Half Life and Unreal Tournament and Max Payne . All of them offered dazzling visuals and action-packed gameplay, so what to make of this strange, lumbering game? Was it a first-person shooter, an RPG, or a simulation? P
Even with the in-game note-taking system, I often find myself writing down keycodes and passwords on an actual piece of paper. Like, on my actual desk . Unthinkable!
I mean, can you imagine a current-day video game opening with a level like Liberty Island? I shudder at the thought of how many people have lost interest in Deus Ex over the years just because of that level. (I hope you'll soldier through). The first time I played it, I expected to go in guns blazing, but all I managed to accomplish was a couple of pathetic shots from my pea-shooter pistol before a handful of angry NSF soldiers led me to an ignoble death. P
And yet ultimately, I think the opening level is well-designed, engaging and fun—at least, once you figure out that in Deus Ex, stealth is the name of the game . I hope you came to a similar conclusion pretty early on. P
I can already tell that my own J.C. Denton (named, of course, "DentArthur Denton") is destined to play through the game as a sneaky n'er do well, leaving heaps of bodies in his wake. If you play similarly, get ready to have your superiors give you crap for it. P
Deus Ex was billed as being all about player choice, which seemed like a new selling point at the time. What's always struck me about the game is how organic the choices felt, how easy it was to go down a path without even realizing that there were multiple alternatives. It's a far cry from the black-and-white "Press A to save child, Press B to execute child's pet" choices we see so often in the Mass Effect s and the Fables of the world. P
Even on the second time through, I felt a bit paralyzed by the choices on offer -a familiar sort of paralysis, that moment at the start of the big, stat-driven RPG where I have to choose which attributes my character will take. It always flummoxes me. What if I choose the wrong one? What if I specialize in something that's worthless, or miss the best ability? Will I spend hours playing an inferior version of the game? P
So many other things struck me as I got started-the wildly uneven voice-acting, how much I'd missed having a dedicated "lean" button in a first-person game, and the bad-even-for-the-time graphics (as tempted as I am to try out the cool-looking new P So many other things struck me as I got started-the wildly uneven voice-acting, how much I'd missed having a dedicated "lean" button in a first-person game, and the bad-even-for-the-time graphics (as tempted as I am to try out the cool-looking new High-Def Mod , I think that our archival purposes decree that we should play the game as it was originally released).
And of course, the text! Text upon text, mountains of books, newspapers, computer journals, emails, all filled with weird political stuff and conspiracy theories. Even with the in-game note-taking system, I often find myself writing down keycodes and passwords on an actual piece of paper. Like, on my actual desk . Unthinkable! P
I'm anxious about how you're finding all of that. Are you bored by the slow beginning and the unwelcoming PC-gamishness of it all? Are the political overtones interesting you at all? Do you already think you know where this whole story is going? Did you go into the ladies' room at UNATCO headquarters? P
Can't wait to hear your thoughts. P
~K P
From: Leigh Alexander
To: Kirk Hamilton
Subject: Re: Welcome to Liberty Island P
Kirk, P
"Our letter-writing skills at the ready?" Man, you already sound like a goof! P
...Sorry, I'm just surly. It's been a long time since I played this type of game on PC, and I am very unused to it. I'm not about to go Wikipedia-ing dates or anything, but if I remember correctly, this is about the time that PC gaming lost me. P
S Expand
I remember Deus Ex . I don't mean playing it, since this is my very first time, but I remember when it launched, and the hostility I felt toward it. Wait, let me back up. P
Being my friend, you know how particular I am about the types of media I do and don't like these days; this thing's too nerdy, that one's too dumb, this one reminds me of someone I don't like, and so on and so on. I'm a pain in the ass, I know. P
But I wasn't like that as a kid. I was a PC-exclusive gamer and I played everything . Dad would have a shelf full of PC game boxes, none of which ever communicated much about the experience therein, so I'd just open stuff up and try it, and if it Spaces Quest . When I got a bit older I learned it was adventure games I liked best, but I could play some Prince of Persia , lemme tell you. P But I wasn't like that as a kid. I was a PC-exclusive gamer and I playedeverything. Dad would have a shelf full of PC game boxes, none of which ever communicated much about the experience therein, so I'd just open stuff up and try it, and if it tickled my imagination or my reflexes, I'd let myself be pulled in, from blunt text-based adventures to jousting games with horrible controls, to the dorky alien worlds ofSpace Quest. When I got a bit older I learned it was adventure games I liked best, but I could play somePrince of Persia, lemme tell you.
When people ask me how someone with such a strong PC heritage came to be a nearly-exclusive console gamer—since that's what I am these days—I usually blame the Windows PC's rapid rise to power. My Apple IIe adventure gaming took me into the Mac Quadra and Centris era, and I could have played clicky Hypercard adventures and freeware games and stuff like Myst on them for the rest of my life. But then they put PCs in my school when I was in fifth grade or so and I had to learn to use them. P
And then there was some box all over the shelves with this sterile two-toned man, bathed in light like some nerd messiah. The box said DEUS EX and I didn't want to play it.
It was culture shock, having been cousins with computers since birth. It felt horribly ugly and backward. When we got them at home, it got worse. Suddenly, things I never had to think of: Drivers, resolutions, sound cards, compatibility issues. I would buy games and half the difficulty would be figuring out how to get them to run. I had to memorize specifications. I didn't like fighting the machines for my entertainment. I turned to the Sega Genesis and the TurboGrafx-16. P
Of course, everyone went on playing PC games without me. In the school's computer lab, mute, hostile boys with thick glasses and greasy hands were losing themselves in mazes of muddy corridors, firing guns. They worshiped at the altars of faceless spacemen, of aliens spewing blocky blood. I was not invited to join. P
I was mad at Doom, and at what it made the People on TV think that games were about. There were no more bumbling astronauts, funny pirates and friendly princesses, no more dreamlike, thoughtful journeys. And then there was some box all over the shelves with this sterile two-toned man, bathed in light like some nerd messiah. The box said DEUS EX and I didn't want to play it. By the time that game launched I had virtually married my PlayStation. P
Time passes, of course, and it's taken me some time to unclench the fists of prejudice in the ways I need to if I'm to be any good at my job, but I've mostly done it. The first thing I did in Deus Ex actually wasn't Liberty Island: It was the tutorial, because there are basic things that all PC gamers know how to do that I've forgotten. And even in the tutorial, they tell you to crouch without telling you it's X you should press. You should have seen me fumble to figure it out, jumping up and down, inexplicably swinging a crowbar, under the watchful eye of these hilarious glaring scientists wearing trench coats. I flail at them helplessly; they stare impassively, legs, arms akimbo. P
S Expand
I mean, everyone in this game has a trenchcoat. And doesn't have a neck. The music is the kind of thing I'd expect to hear someone make as a joke at the expense of "dark, futuristic" video games. And the graphics! Good god damn, is this game ugly. People are discussing things I haven't yet learned to care about, looking like male sex dolls with their pupil-less eyes and gawping fish-lips. In the opening sequence, when they zoomed into that one dude's reddish, pointille eye, I P And doesn't have a neck. The music is the kind of thing I'd expect to hear someone make as ajokeat the expense of "dark, futuristic" video games. And the graphics! Good god damn, is this game ugly. People are discussing things I haven't yet learned to care about, looking like male sex dolls with their pupil-less eyes and gawping fish-lips. In the opening sequence, when they zoomed into that one dude's reddish, pointille eye, I literally vocalized my laughter
But I like it so far, actually, even though I haven't made it to the DEFCON or the UNIQLO or whatever (kid you not: The game crashed on me). I do like it! I've missed something intangible about "real" PC gaming that playing The Colonel's Bequest lately in my DOSBox thinger doesn't scratch, some old memory that pings the fringes of my awareness when I am using a chunky arrow cursor in chunky menus and using the escape key for things. P
And when I catch the luminous city skyline or I hear the ebb and sigh of the ocean I feel like maybe I could get into this. P
~L P
PS: My character is named ‘Army Space Man.' P
Coming up next week in Deus Ex , Leigh gets a lesson in stealth-based frustration, and DentArthur Denton kills a few too many people. P Coming up next week in Part 2 : inventory and passwords, the hidden depth ofDeus Ex, Leigh gets a lesson in stealth-based frustration, and DentArthur Denton kills a few too many people.
Biding your time waiting for the release of Human Revolution ? By all means, pick up Deus Ex (it's $9.99 on Steam) and join in! P
Call of Duty: Black Ops III is set in Singapore in the year 2065, and Activision decided to raise hype for the game's story by having the official Call of Duty Twitter page tweet out some of the in-game events as if they were part of a news report. Before they started, they changed the Twitter account's name to "Current Events Aggregate" with a slogan of "we bring you real news." As a result, the fake news stories were re-tweeted by thousands, and many believed them to be real.
The Twitter page has been changed back to Call of Duty again, but the tweets remain. They tell a story of an attack on a Singapore Research Laboratory that plunges the island into chaos as martial law is declared, a quarantine zone is established, and riot police are let loose. The account ended with the statement "This was a glimpse into the future fiction of Black Ops III."
This marketing campaign confused many and has seen a lot of backlash on Twitter, where many users are criticizing the use of a fake terrorist attack for publicity. NBC has compared controversy to the original broadcast of War of the Worlds (which was aired as if it were a real news bulletin), which caused widespread panic and outrage. Did Activision go too far? You can read through the tweets here.
You'll find just about every answer on the internet, whether right or wrong. Sometimes bad information won't hurt you much, but when it comes to your physical health you don't want to trust a poorly-researched answer. Examine.com takes the most common health and nutrition questions and answers them by accumulating research and studies to give you the best answer currently available.
Not sure if eggs are healthy, or if high-fructose corn syrup will do more harm than regular sugar? Examine.com compiles the research to answer common questions like these. You can browse or search the site to find the answers you're looking for, or ask a question of your own. You should, of course, consult your doctor before making any significant changes that affect your health, but if you want a solid scientific opinion this is where you can find it.
Advertisement
Examine.com
Test Your Knowledge - and learn some interesting things along the way.
Test your vocabulary with our 10-question quiz!
"Hebdomadal" is a rare and curious term describing a basic concept: the calendar week. The noun "hebdomad" (referring to a group of seven or a period of seven days) derives from Greek "hepta," meaning "seven"; that root also gave us "heptathlon," an Olympic event consisting of seven events. One notable use of the word occurs in the name of the Hebdomadal Council, the chief executive body of the University of Oxford from 1854 until about 2000. The Hebdomadal Council managed the school's finances and property, among other things, and was so named for its strict schedule of meetings - of course - just once per week.
: occurring, appearing, or done every week : weekly
Examples
Charles made room in his schedule for hebdomadal visits with his math tutor throughout the semester.
"And still he remembered the Sunday evening, the hebdomadal get-together of his parents' circle of friends." -- From Rohinton Mistry's 2002 novel Family Matters
Star Wars fans are a bit upset with DICE and EA for not including Space Battles in Star Wars: Battlefront. Since the official reveal of Star Wars: Battlefront, DICE maintain a silence on this controversial decision despite repeated request from fans to explain the reason behind it.
DICE General Manager Patrick Bach finally spoke about why development team decided not to include "Space Battles" in Star Wars: Battlefront in a recent intereview to our friend at OPM (posted in the magazine's latest issue).
Back explained:
"We want players to stay in the same [environment] - we don't want players to fly off and do something over *here.* It's about the Battlefront experience, so we want to keep you in-atmosphere and fighting with the infantry."
How many of you agreee with the views of DICE's Patrick Bach on "No Space Battles" in Star Wars: Battlefront? Share your opinion with us in the comment section below.
Star Wars: Battlefront is scheduled to launch in November 2015 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Source: OPM Issue 110 via PSU
Next page
Would you like a lightweight PDF reader that integrates nicely with Office and Windows 7? Here we look at the new Nitro PDF Reader, a nice PDF viewer that also lets you create and markup PDF files.
Adobe Reader is the de-facto PDF viewer, but it only lets you view PDFs and not much else. Additionally, it doesn't fully integrate with 64-bit editions of Vista and Windows 7. There are many alternate PDF readers, but Nitro PDF Reader is a new entry into this field that offers more features than most PDF readers.
From the creators of the popular free PrimoPDF printer, the new Reader lets you create PDFs from a variety of file formats and markup existing PDFs with notes, highlights, stamps, and more in addition to viewing PDFs. It also integrates great with Windows 7 using the Office 2010 ribbon interface.
Getting Started
Download the free Nitro PDF Reader (link below) and install as normal. Nitro PDF Reader has separate versions for 32 & 64-bit editions of Windows, so download the correct one for your computer.
Note: Nitro PDF Reader is still in Beta testing, so only install if you're comfortable with using beta software.
On first run, Nitro PDF Reader will ask if you want to make it the default PDF viewer. If you don't want to, make sure to uncheck the box beside Always perform this check to keep it from opening this prompt every time you use it.
It will also open an introductory PDF the first time you run it so you can quickly get acquainted with its features.
Windows 7 Integration
One of the first things you'll notice is that Nitro PDF Reader integrates great with Windows 7. The ribbon interface fits right in with native applications such as WordPad and Paint, as well as Office 2010.
If you set Nitro PDF Reader as your default PDF viewer, you'll see thumbnails of your PDFs in Windows Explorer. Unfortunately, this only works in 32 bit editions of Windows; if you're using a 64 bit version, you'll only see the Nitro PDF logo on PDF files. Hopefully this will be fixed before the final release.
If you turn on the Preview Pane, you can read full PDFs in Windows Explorer. Adobe Reader lets you do this in 32 bit versions, but Nitro PDF works in 64 bit versions too.
The PDF preview even works in Outlook. If you receive an email with a PDF attachment, you can select the PDF and view it directly in the Reading Pane. Click the Preview file button, and you can uncheck the box at the bottom so PDFs will automatically open for preview if you want.
Now you can read your PDF attachments in Outlook without opening them separately. This works in both Outlook 2007 and 2010.
Edit your PDFs
Adobe Reader only lets you view PDF files, and you can't save data you enter in PDF forms. Nitro PDF Reader, however, gives you several handy markup tools you can use to edit your PDFs. When you're done, you can save the final PDF, including information entered into forms.
With the ribbon interface, it's easy to find the tools you want to edit your PDFs.
Here we've highlighted text in a PDF and added a note to it. We can now save these changes, and they'll look the same in any PDF reader, including Adobe Reader.
You can also enter new text in PDFs. This will open a new tab in the ribbon, where you can select basic font settings. Select the Click To Finish button in the ribbon when you're finished editing text.
Or, if you want to use the text or pictures from a PDF in another application, you can choose to extract them directly in Nitro PDF Reader.
Create PDFs
One of the best features of Nitro PDF Reader is the ability to create PDFs from almost any file. Nitro adds a new virtual printer to your computer that creates PDF files from anything you can print. Print your file as normal, but select the Nitro PDF Creator (Reader) printer.
Enter a name for your PDF, select if you want to edit the PDF properties, and click Create.
If you choose to edit the PDF properties, you can add your name and information to the file, select the initial view, encrypt it, and restrict permissions.
Alternately, you can create a PDF from almost any file by simply drag-and-dropping it into Nitro PDF Reader. It will automatically convert the file to PDF and open it in a new tab in Nitro PDF.
Now from the File menu you can send the PDF as an email attachment so anyone can view it.
Make sure to save the PDF before closing Nitro, as it does not automatically save the PDF file.
Conclusion
Nitro PDF Reader is a nice alternative to Adobe Reader, and offers some features that are only available in the more expensive Adobe Acrobat. With great Windows 7 integration, including full support for 64-bit editions, Nitro fits in with the Windows and Office experience very nicely. If you have tried out Nitro PDF Reader leave a comment and let us know what you think.
Link
Download Nitro PDF Reader
Bleeding Cool, as we reported, has been told that Pete Tomasi will be the writer of the ongoing Superman bi-weekly at DC Comics from June onwards.
He's also writing all the Superman, Action Comics, Batman/Superman and Superman/Wonder Woman titles for the two months before the “Great Refresh” hits the DC line and everything but Action Comics and Detective Comics go back to issue 1s.
So, you know, a busy man. Hammering away at plotlines, building on new extensions to the DC Universe and in the case of April and May creating a large staircase of continuity that may well go nowhere, when it all gets “Rebirthed” in June.
Could it be that he has found an outlet to talk about that frustration?
Because he also has a new creator owned book with Ian Bertram coming out from Dark Horse. And, funnily enough, it is also about Truth, Justice and the American Way. Of a sort.
House Of Penance is about the family of the creators of the Winchester rifle. A Poe-like tale of madness, it also taps into current concerns regarding gun control.
But specifically it is set in the Winchester Mystery House, a home lived in by Sarah Winchester, a widow with a fortune made from the family business manufacturing the Winchester rifle. The home is famous in America for the many carpenters, labourers and builders employed to keep construction and reconstruction going on the house, day and night for decades in an attempt to keep away the ghosts of those killed by the Winchester rifles.
Because Sarah, it seems, was not that much of a gun fan and was driven by the guilt of all those many men and women who had died at the barrel of the invention that her family's fortune – and the house she lived in – was built upon. And the sound that could drown it all out – whether in reality or just in her mind. A battle between realities that this comic is keep to play up.
I was first made aware of this peculiar twist of history by an issue of Swamp Thing years ago. That was also a ghost story but, kept short. House Of Penance seems to be a longer, more languid delve into that particular pool… and begins in April.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
MUMBAI: Tennis star Leander Paes on Saturday served an ace in a different court. He filed a guardianship petition for permanent custody of his and partner Rhea Pillai 's minor daughter.Paes also wants the family court in Bandra to restrain Rhea from taking the child out of Mumbai without court's permission. He is "concerned for her safety and welfare", because he feels Rhea's "escapades, indiscreet and irresponsible behaviour, lack of personal maternal supervision, volatile temper and self-indulgence create insecurity in the child and is detrimental to a healthy upbringing."Though not legally married, his relationship with Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt 's former wife Rhea, now 48, began in 2003 when they met on a flight from Goa to Mumbai.The decade-old bonding took a hit when the holder of 14 Grand Slam titles discovered that he was not her only match. But the tipping point for him came when Rhea allegedly refused to send their child with him to the ceremony when he won the Padma Bhushan award, the third highest civilian honour, this year. His plea in court runs into 30 pages and is detailed with several annexures to prove that he would be the better parent."From the time of her birth in April 2006 and despite his hectic work schedule, he has always been involved in looking after their child-from bathing and changing diapers to reading bedtime stories and putting her to bed."It was his vigilance that helped diagnose the child's sleep apnea. He wakes her up for school at 6.45am, gets her ready and drives her to school. His life, it said, "revolves" around his daughter, and he lets her pursue her passion for music, ballet and taekwondo.The plea says that Rhea, an Art of Living instructor, "leads a lazy, self-indulgent and laidback life...and has never taken the child alone, always has two maids even on holidays abroad".Paes was also shocked that he learnt of Rhea and Dutt's 2008 mutual consent divorce only in June 2013. He said she had misrepresented to him in 2005 that she was divorced, after which, he said, they got intimate and conceived their child.
Sexual strategy is like that scene at the end of Wargames where Joshua the computer tries to launch nuclear weapons and start World War 3; the computer cycles-through launch codes quickly while keeping the bits of code that are a positive match. Most people unconsciously allow their brain to do this work, matching behaviors with their positive outcomes, and bookmarking those behaviors while discarding the ineffective.
The conversation almost always goes like this when you tell someone that everything a person does stems from a foundation of sexual strategy: they listen patiently, provide the socially customary nods of understanding, and then say something like, “well, okay, but not everything…”
This certainly seems like it could be the case; it almost feels reductionist on some level to think that men and women are constantly being guided through their choices and actions by some invisible force emanating from their genitalia, silently screaming at them to just get it the fuck in like a pack of dogs in heat. That there must be a special designation, or a degree of intellectual sophistication , which separates the human animal from his more primitive underlings.
And this is certainly true; the human animal is civilized. We are conscious of a wider-span of potential emotions, and are gifted with the ability to fulfill more significant goals than simply eating and fucking. We can shape our consciousness with language, and vocabulary, and with language comes access to higher level thinking.
It's a lot like when you were a kid in kindergarten, at the beginning of the school year, with all your little school supplies. You mom could have gotten you the boring eight packs of Crayolas, but you wanted the big box of sixty-four; you know, the kind that comes with the crayon sharpener. So instead of just “red” and “blue,” you had a whole variety of different shades of the same color to pick from, and lucky you, right?
No, stupid, they're all still crayons.
While it seems like we're entirely different and inherently superior to the wild dogs, roaming vacant lots, searching for a bitch in heat, looking to quench their basic range of animalistic desires- the metaphorical eight packs of crayons- we really aren't very different, even if we have a wider variety of colors to choose from.
If anything, our greater range of emotions will mostly result in creating a deeper need for coddling when all we really want is sex. And even if all the tools are there for the human to transcend their biological imperative to mate and reproduce, to be more than just snarling animals, our biological imperative will supersede all else.
Understanding the gender differences in sexual strategy is important in coming to grips with the idea that everything a person does acts toward fulfilling that strategy.
Rarely is the young man born a stud. While the natural Alpha male isn't a myth, they're in the genetic minority. These men are able to unconsciously tap into the characteristics that women find sexually attractive: the risk-taker with a careless attitude toward authority and consequence.
The natural alpha male is a man who exists without the need for female emotional validation.
A needless man signals a superior man, and women are intrinsically drawn to a superior man.
For every man who doesn't have his middle school teacher swooning over him and sending naked selfies, one must take a less linear route to becoming sexually successful.
You start by trial-and-error, keeping the tidbits of code that work and discarding what doesn't; constantly, unconsciously, scanning all aspects of your behavior to understand what creates successful attraction and advancement, or what causes a setback or a total protonic reversal… that's bad.
Female attraction is a careful dance, led by the man, and learning the proper pace and cadence of this dance takes time. Ultimately, some men will pick up on this and become sexually successful and some will not and remain sexually invisible.
It's so fucking simple that it almost seems boring. Hapless boys who can't get laid fade into obscurity.
The End.
It must be the same for women, right?
Sigh.
Women who aren't sexually successful take whatever skill they possess and try to redefine attraction.
The world is constructed so that the majority of women are sexually successful, with the idea that they'd happily reproduce with a quality mate, and therefore western civilization won't die a slow and agonizing death…
Female sexuality strategy is through selection, with higher quality women receiving maximum ability to be selective. Once the target is chosen, their sexual strategy somewhat unconsciously becomes manipulative in order to obtain their end of commitment. Even within the landscape of hyper-promiscuity this strategy can be successful… only it's usually not with their intended target, forcing them to settle for someone they barely tolerate.
Watch this practice play-out in real time as a woman will cycle through increasingly dishonest, MySpace angled selfies on dating sites until the goal of attracting interest from high-value men is reached.
A woman is biologically gifted the majority of her sexual buying power. While she can add to her market value, and thus her ability to be selective, she can't exactly shine shit. A sexually excluded woman will not be able to create market value for herself- she can read books, learn to be funny, do cool art work, take cooking classes… all sorts of stuff that would make her an interesting person to talk to, while adding absolutely nothing to her sexual market value.
And unlike her Cheeto-soaked male counterpart, the sexually excluded woman will not go quietly into the night playing video games and jacking off to Star Wars porn; she's angry, feels slighted, and is bent on destruction. If nothing she does can bring her even a modicum of sexual success, her sexual strategy transforms into an attempt to change the world around her… or destroy it while trying.
Enter ugly Harper Lee.
“To Kill a Mockingbird” is absolute garbage; the single most over-rated piece of popular American fiction. A plot that hinges on the false-rape accusation of a black man, where the defending lawyer and main character, Atticus Finch, is quick to dispel any potential guilt for the woman making the false rape accusation. You see, it wasn't her fault after all… it was the structural fault of a society which discourages inter-racial relationships; a society constructed by insecure white men. And ugly Harper spends most of the book trying to depants them all.
If “men love their country, and women love men,” a woman who is entirely cut off from any hope of landing a man will become mentally ill. Lee's only novel is an angry expression of that illness.
Why do you think there are no exceptional female philosophers? Unlike fiction, philosophy is judged by a more objective standard; mindlessly pushing feel-good ideology through philosophy won't cut it.
Think of “To Kill a Mockingbird” like one of those internet lists on “why dating a single mom is great”; they share more in common than you'd think. Both serve to campaign for their author's sexual market value, while attempting to make their weaknesses something irrelevant… Ugly Harper living in a pre-internet world just took the long way around.
It was only by the end of chapter two of “To Kill a Mockingbird” that I decided Harper Lee was an ugly, sexually excluded woman bent on revenge while using her awful, childlike novel as a means to not only shame her excluders- those sexy and delicious white men who wanted nothing to do with her- but also as an attempt to redefine female sexual market value.
You see, those pretty girls, they're actually really dumb and dumb isn't sexually attractive. Duh!
Harper is smart, self-defined as proto-social justice and the ownership of a thesaurus, and smart should be sexy. The constant use of unnecessarily obscure vocabulary words is smart, and vocabulary is sexy. Get it?
But it was only by the end of chapter two that I caught on to ugly Harper's game, after she spent the entire chapter developing a pretty female character, Scout's teacher Miss Caroline, as unbelievably stupid and entirely incompetent while having Scout- the embodiment of Harper's younger self- get the intellectual best of her. Harper concludes the chapter with the tacky and condescending snip that Miss Caroline was “a pretty little thing.”
Take that, pretty girls who got male attention instead of ugly Harper- turns out you weren't really all that pretty after all… wait, what?
And if you weren't convinced by the end of the second chapter, if you still really believe Harper was a loyal white knight of lofty social justice, in chapter ten Harper explains through her Mary Sue character, Miss Maudie, that people shouldn't feel particularly proud of their natural talents and abilities after Atticus, Harper's idealized white cuck, puts down a rabid dog with a rifle.
“People in their right minds never take pride in their talents,” explains ugly Harper, for reasons never made explicit.
To the reader unaware of Lee's genuine, albeit maybe unconscious, intention to change the parameter's of female sexual market value through sophistry and manipulation, this passage comes straight out of left field.
This proclamation comes after several instances where characters scold one another for acting “high and mighty,” or, acknowledging that all people are not inherently equal- yes, there are differences, and taken to that end, we can place value judgments on those differences… something the left still struggles with greatly.
Lee wants to change what men find sexually valuable with women- and not necessarily the other way around. Notice how ugly Harper plays both ends with Atticus- he can handle a rifle and kill a rabid dog, Lee's measure of masculinity- but it's tempered by his own humility over this skill and his refusal to practice it:
“If your father's anything, he's civilized in his heart. Marksmanship's a gift of God, a talent- oh, you have to practice making it perfect, but shootin's different from playing the piano or the like. I think maybe he put his gun down when he realized that God had given him an unfair advantage over most living things.”
An unfair advantage like pretty Miss Caroline had… an unfair advantage like any woman with a greater ability to be sexually selective than poor, ugly Harper had. These genetic differences are unequal, and unfair, and should be disregarded by anyone who'd consider themselves civilized; physical attraction be damned.
This is the foundation for Lee's attempt at redefining female value to suit herself, and this is not something atypical to ugly Harper; women have always manipulated reality to widen their ability to be sexually selective. The horrifyingly cliche “real women” designation cuts to the heart of what Lee took the long way around on. A woman labeling qualities that favor her particular skill-set as “real,” and everything else as fake, is meant to disqualify the competition and redefine attraction through manipulation.
Ugly Harper defines value through what she considers her skill-set: natural, or God given, advantages- like good genetics- are silly and unsophisticated; social justice and a dynamic vocabulary is the way to go.
Apparently, real women have a thesaurus.
New to KTP? Check out my hand-picked “BEST OF” material.
Support Kill to Party through my Amazon link
Bitcoin: 184KXoD8p9qcD8LZjFhHnHFcwCbm1oYUbz
Litecoin: LUnm1qzk7zsBPDMLqhqGDC3bWa7pWVvPSf
Fetish AV floats Japan's sagging porn industry
To be filed under: eye of the beholder.
On a number of occasions in October and November of 2013, an adult video (AV) company based in Fukuoka paid three women to sit on the floor of train cars of the Nishi-Nippon Railroad, expose their chests and lower bodies and urinate.
Earlier this week, police filed obscenity charges against the firm's president, 42-year-old Hideaki Hirano, employee Yuji Yanagisawa, 33, and three actresses, aged between 23 and 28.
“In January of last year, the footage appeared in DVDs marketed in the ‘inappropriate urination' genre,” a person with knowledge of the investigation tells evening tabloid Nikkan Gendai (June 25). “Over the summer, viewers of the DVDs alerted law enforcement.”
According to the paper, such fanatical fare is finding favor with production companies as the industry's prolonged struggles continue.
“This sort of AV film is for maniacs who are not satisfied with the small number of flicks that get illegally uploaded to the Internet,” says AV writer Kazuo Kajiyama.
According to Kajiyama, the market for fetish titles is stable due to a dedicated fan base that will pay a premium for DVDs (upwards of 10,000 yen each).
“With production costs for fetish titles being a few hundred thousand yen less than a mainstream production, a company needs to ship only 500 units to get a decent profit,” says Kajiyama. “A hit would mean selling a mere 1,000 units.”
Included in that cost calculation is the salaries of the actresses. In the Fukuoka case, the company, which was not named in news reports, compensated the women 10,000 yen each for the performances.
An industry insider tells Nikkan Gendai that the actresses were lured by the following promises: a 10-minute shoot, cash paid on the spot and absolute discretion.
“It's a great way for a woman to earn easy pocket money,” the insider says.
It's also a great way for AV companies to stay afloat.
“Because mainstream porn is continuing to downward, nowadays it is all about making productions for the maniacs,” says Kajiyama.
After establishing the company 20 years ago, Hirano started out by making films featuring tosatsu (peeping) shots on trains and roadways but the content gradually became more perverted.
The strategy seems to have paid off.
“The company released 25 titles this month,” says the aforementioned insider. “In spite of having only a few employees, its annual turnover is approximately 200 million yen.”
Nice work if you can get it, clucks Nikkan Gendai.
Source: “Kozenwaisetsu de taiho mania-muke AV meekaa no bachigaina satsuei,” Nikkan Gendai (June 25)
In October, I sat down with award winning writer and director Ava DuVernay to interview her for EBONY's Power issue. At the time, Queen Sugar was a month into its debut season, her documentary 13th had just premiered, and she was about to begin production on Disney's A Wrinkle In Time. With so many projects in the works, and so many successes under her belt, I wondered if the Compton native ever got nervous or was afraid to fail.
The short answer was no.
Though she predicted that she'd inevitably experience a miss after so many hits—“It happens to every artist,” she said nonchalantly—DuVernay did admit to feeling a but uneasy right before releasing something new.
“I don't feel pressure until [a project] is getting close to coming out,” she said back then. “I just focus on the joy of making it. I hope that lasts.”
And it appears to have worked. Queen Sugar, OWN's wonderfully rich and complex family drama, just wrapped its first season and once again fans loved DuVernay's work.
“I feel incredibly relieved,” she said from the set of A Wrinkle In Time. “In film we have one opening weekend, but this was week after week for 13 weeks. We had to see if people would show up and they did. The fact that we started to dominate the social conversation, and dominate the ratings on that night, especially with women–sisters in particular—was everything we hoped for that I was afraid to hope.”
When it came to Queen Sugar's first season Black women showed up and showed out each week with hilarious tweets and gifs in tow. The season finale drew in 2.76 million total viewers, making it the Wednesday night's number one cable telecast for women.
“The ratings have been really significant and stellar for a show of this type on a basic cable network that did not have a legacy of this kind of work,” DuVernay told EBONY. “So the fact that [viewers] came for it, and stayed for it, is something that I just really want to thank people for.”
According to a press release from OWN, “Queen Sugar is the number one cable series for African-American women and the number one new ad-supported cable series among women ages 25-54. And OWN is Wednesday night's number one cable network among African-American women and total viewers.”
If that weren't enough, Queen Sugar is the most talked about cable show on Twitter and Facebook on Wednesday nights, regularly trending for hours each week, thanks to a few hilarious re-tweets from its executive producers, DuVernay and Oprah Winfrey.
you know it Britni! Dranks and a storm! Dangerous combination. #QueenSugar — Oprah Winfrey (@Oprah) October 27, 2016
“My favorite thing to talk to [Oprah] about are the tweets,” DuVernay said. “She just enjoys them so much, and she'll usually call me or text me the tweet that makes her laugh the most. She has really been enjoying Black Twitter.”
While clocking impressive ratings is validating for DuVernay's self-described “little show,” it's the effects on Hollywood that are even more satisfying for the director. This season, Queen Sugar relied exclusively on female directors to bring DuVernay's vision to life, which is right in line with her mission to make the industry more inclusive.
“The ground we broke hiring and elevating women directors is what I'm most proud of because that is what really is shape-shifting the industry,” DuVernay said.
Since then, other shows have followed DuVernay's example.
“I'm proud that we were the first ones to use seven different women to really do this. It's changed something. And even though it's our own little show on OWN that a lot of people aren't writing about, it signals something,” the director said. “Jessica Jones is following us, Ryan Murphy is following us, and we hope more people follow us because this is the direction that we should be going in as an industry.”
Queen Sugar will start production on its second season in spring 2017 with all-new episodes scheduled to premiere on OWN in summer 2017.
Britni Danielle is the Entertainment/Culture Director of EBONY. Follow her on Twitter @BritniDWrites
Hello from Mikkeli EU codeweek!
Link to latest 1.1.9.28 release <- Use this to replicate my status, will boot to graphics, use this for official touchscreen, first run tutorial will be portrait!
It has been really busy week doing the Library of Babel proof of concept code for file uploads and preparing the SailPi tablet for prime time presentation at Mikkeli EU codeweek, I will link Mikkeli hacklab event coverage details where you can see me hacking it to use the RPi2 GPIO pins via a Python SailfishOS application.
Overall, the concept of a complete DIY tablet is quite enticing. Replacing of hardware is quite difficult to do these days, but on the SailPi tablet concept, quite much about everything is replaceable. SailfishOS is also proven to be very flexible, it displays well on both the official touchscreen, Adafruit PiTFT 3.5″ touchscreen and finally, any HDMI capable monitor or television can also do it. Issue is in the EGLFS driver, courtesy of Martin Brook's (vgrade) excellent earlier adaptation for the original Raspberry Pi, running Mer and Nemo Mobile. This is not in any way his fault, since rendering EGL using the VideoCore is far from trivial, especially when adapted to Qt 5 libraries.
Overall cost has been something like this:
Official touchscreen + black frame: 58 British pounds = 78 euros
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B: 30 British pounds = 40.70
Sandisk UHS 1 16GB MicroSD card: 19,90 euros
The PiHut WiFi USB dongle: 6 British Pounds = 8.09 euros
20000mAh powerbank from eBay, when bought 16 euros, now 8 euros
Total cost: 146,69 euros
It is indeed possible to buy a cheap Chinese tablet for less than 100€ but the concept is what matters (at least to me it does). Flexibility of SailfishOS's software combined with RaspberryPi2 hardware capabilities is an excellent combination. It is possible to do the setup even cheaper too.
The powerbank feature comes handy, especially when using the touchscreen. This gives 2 power inputs for the tablet, meaning that while charging the powerbank, you can use another charger as backup without downtime, just have the charger on the RPi2 and disconnect the powerbank from touchscreen.
Now some pictures (thank you aple for providing the camera + hot glue gun, Atte for a couple of wires and Markus for gluing the frame and powerbank extra support together, each and everyone from Mikkeli Hacklab for an excellent event):
Front view after a little bit misaligned gluing but no worries, I got some fingerprints to go with it 😀 !
Backview with the powerbank attached.
Bottom view from tablet.
Another bottom view.
Top (lost orientation, but I guess its top) views showing the GPIO ports not too badly blocked. The powerbank is leaning on the wires somewhat tightly.
But overall, the EU Codeweek even that was organized by Mikkeli Hacklab crew has been great fun, with talks on Open Finland Challenge by Teemu Ropponen (Open Knowledge Finland) and on API:Suomi by Jarkko Moilanen, I unfortunately could only attend on the API:Suomi event, where Jarkko provided a very interesting presentation on the current status of eg. APIOps movement and founding the Mikkeli API:Suomi organization with Mikko Lampi (also a founder and president of Mikkeli Hacklab).
Looking forward to organizing an event like this at Kuopio Hacklab, with lots of cool stuff to create with the crew and other volunteers. I thank the organizers and all the event participants for a great event!
By F18News
By Felix Corley
Kazakhstan's security agencies – the Prosecutor's Office, the Police and the National Security Committee (KNB) secret police – have launched a wave of criminal prosecutions against Muslims who are alleged members of the Tabligh Jamaat missionary movement, Forum 18 News Service has learned. In September alone in three different cities, at least four were convicted and five more imprisoned in pre-trial detention. They join seven already knowns to be serving prison terms after earlier trials.
After more than three months' pre-trial imprisonment, a court in northern Karaganda Region sentenced Orazbek Apakashev to three years' imprisonment. In Shymkent, three men were convicted and given sentences of restricted freedom. The sentences came as a Muslim from Almaty, whose appeal against his four year and eight month prison term was rejected, was transferred to labour camp in Pavlodar.
And five other Muslims allegedly close to the Tabligh Jamaat movement were imprisoned for two months in the capital Astana and await possible trial on criminal charges which carry a maximum six-year prison sentence.
Trials follow 2013 ban
In February 2013, without prior public announcement, Astana's Saryarka District Court granted Astana City Prosecutor's Office suit to have Tabligh Jamaat banned throughout Kazakhstan as “extremist”. The prosecutor claimed – without making any evidence public – that the group's “real aim” was the seizure of territory and creation on it of a caliphate, “including in Kazakhstan”, which “presumes a violent change to the constitutional order”. The ban was backed in court by the KNB secret police and the Interior Ministry.
Since the ban, a growing number of Muslims are facing imprisonment if officials believe they are close to Tabligh Jamaat. However, trials of people alleged to be members have been surrounded in secrecy and it is possible others have been sentenced without this becoming known.
All the new cases are under Criminal Code Article 405. This punishes “Organising or participating in the activity of a social or religious association or other organisation after a court decision banning their activity or their liquidation in connection with extremism or terrorism they have carried out”. Part 1 punishes organising such activity, with a fine or up to six years' imprisonment. Part 2 punishes participating in such activity, with a fine or up to two years' imprisonment.
Earlier known imprisonments
Among known such criminal prosecutions, on 2 December 2014 one Muslim – Mamurzhan Turashov – was sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Sairam in South Kazakhstan Region. On 14 January 2015 in Taldykorgan [Taldyqorghan] in Almaty Region, five Muslims – Bakyt Nurmanbetov, Aykhan Kurmangaliyev, Sagyndyk Tatubayev, Kairat Esmukhambetov and Ruslan Kairanov – were sentenced to prison terms of between 18 and 20 months.
On 2 July in Kazakhstan's commercial capital Almaty, Saken Tulbayev was sentenced to four years eight months' imprisonment. He was also banned from conducting any religious activity for the three years after his release.
Also currently imprisoned in pre-trial custody for exercising the right to freedom of religion or belief is 54-year-old Seventh-day Adventist Yklas Kabduakasov. The criminal case against him was handed for trial to Astana's Saryarka District Court No. 2 on 25 September, where it was assigned to Judge Akmaral Isayeva, according to court records. Kabduakasov was arrested in Astana on 14 August by the KNB secret police. They claim he was spreading “religious discord” when discussing his faith with and offering Christian books to others.
Tabligh Jamaat members have also been among the frequent victims of the administrative fines handed down to those who conduct religious activity without prior state approval, such as talking to others of their faith, selling or distributing religious books or gathering for religious meetings. Others similarly punished include Protestant Christians, Hare Krishna devotees, Jehovah's Witnesses and commercial booksellers.
Three-year prison term
Apakashev, who lives in the city of Temirtau in Karaganda Region, began practising Islam in 2008. Prosecutors alleged that he later began associating with followers of the Tabligh Jamaat movement despite knowing of the 2013 court-ordered ban.
Prosecutors drew up a case against Apakashev under Criminal Code Article 405, Part 1. He was then arrested and Karaganda Regional Prosecutor sent the case to Temirtau City Court on 12 June, according to court records.
Apakashev's trial began at Temirtau City Court under Judge Natalya Shchegletova on 1 July. Hearings were said to be open. At the 14th, final hearing on 29 September, she found Apakashev guilty and gave him a three year general regime prison sentence, Gulbakshin Zhitikova, spokesperson for Karaganda Regional Court, told KazTAG news agency the same day. She noted that the sentence has not yet come into legal force.
Three one-year restricted freedom sentences
In the city of Shymkent, in South Kazakhstan Region, prosecutors brought criminal cases against three local Muslim men, 49-year-old Bakytzhan Nuskabayev, 35-year-old Yerbol Zhaylymysov and 44-year-old Serik Otynshyn. All were charged under Criminal Code Article 405, Part 2 as prosecutors alleged that they belonged to Tabligh Jamaat. The three were not arrested, but had to sign declarations that they would maintain “good behaviour” and not leave the city without first asking permission, according to court records.
The case was brought to court by Davlet Tlemisov of South Kazakhstan Regional Prosecutor's Office. The KNB's Anti-Extremism Department was also involved in preparing the case.
The three men's trial began on 2 September under Judge Talgat Kakharov at Shymkent's Al-Farabi District Court. On 16 September, Judge Kakharov found all three men guilty. Given what he said was the “less serious nature” of the crimes which did not demand imprisonment, he sentenced each to one year's restricted freedom, according to the verdict seen by Forum 18. As part of the restrictions, the Judge banned them from leaving the city without permission. He also banned them from visiting cafes, restaurants, bars, night clubs and discos.
Tlemisov defended the sentences handed down on Nuskabayev, Zhaylymysov and Otynshyn. “These are dangerous people,” he claimed to Forum 18 from Shymkent on 7 October. Asked whether they – or to his knowledge any other alleged members of Tabligh Jamaat – had set off bombs, he admitted they had not. Asked if they had murdered anyone or incited anyone to commit murder, he said they had not.
Asked what specifically the three men might have done to deserve criminal conviction, Tlemisov insisted they were members of a “closed organisation” that had been banned by a court. “They hold meetings and discussions directed at violating the constitutional system,” he claimed. He refused to say if this meant they had called for an uprising or a coup. “They also read books which an expert analysis has found are not in accord with the law”. He refused to say what objectionable views such books might contain.
Mambetov was unable to say who might have suffered from anything the three men might have done.
Nuskabayev has been fined several times for exercising the right to freedom of religion or belief, including at least three times in 2014.
Nuskabayev is on the Justice Ministry's list of those banned from leaving Kazakhstan because of unpaid fines from earlier court proceedings. One was a 2014 administrative fine for exercising the right to freedom of religion or belief. The other was a punishment for crossing the Kazakhstan/Kyrgyzstan border illegally, handed down on 30 March 2015.
Five men's two-month pre-trial detention
The KNB secret police arrested four alleged members of Tabligh Jamaat in Astana on 23 September at the request of the KNB secret police investigator, Astana KNB announced the same day on the KNB website, though without naming them.
On 25 September, Judge Nabi Pazylov of Saryarka District Court No. 2 ruled that the four men – Umarbekov, Khoragildinov, Khauin and Nuradilov – should be held in two months' pre-trial detention, a court official told Forum 18 on 6 October. The official did not give the individuals' first names.
“The pre-trial legal procedures were based on information on the active participation of the detainees in the activity of the extremist organisation Tabligh Jamaat, which is banned in Kazakhstan,” the KNB secret police claimed. “These people had more than once been informed by the national security organs that Tabligh Jamaat had been banned through the courts and given official warnings of criminal responsibility for participation in its activity.” The four were being held in the Police pre-trial detention prison in Astana.
The KNB secret police said the four were being investigated under Criminal Code Article 405.
A fifth was then arrested, apparently several days after the four. On 29 September, the same judge ordered that Gubaidulla Toleubayev should similarly be held in two-months' pre-trial detention. The five were represented by five different lawyers.
All five Muslims are accused of organising Tabligh Jamaat activity and are facing prosecution under Criminal Code Article 405, Part 1, the court official noted. The official refused to name the KNB secret police investigator.
Forum 18 tried to reach the head of Astana KNB, Kurman Yelyubayev, or any of his deputies. However, on 7 October Yelyubayev's assistant refused to put Forum 18 through to any of them. “We're such an organisation that we can't answer your questions,” she told Forum 18, but refused to explain why the KNB secret police could not answer journalists' questions.
The address of the prison where the five men are currently being held is:
Astana
Raion Saryarka
Ul. Beibitshilik, d. 19
Izolyator vremennogo soderzhaniya DVD g. Astana
Kazakhstan
Another criminal prosecution?
Another alleged member of Tabligh Jamaat, N. Koyshybai, has been investigated under Criminal Code Article 405, he declared in evidence submitted in Tulbayev's trial in Almaty (see below).
Forum 18 has been unable to find out if prosecutors brought a criminal case against him to court and, if so, whether he has been imprisoned or otherwise punished.
Appeal rejected
Tulbayev's lawyer Aiman Umarova appealed against his four year eight month prison sentence, handed down in Almaty on 2 July. However, on 11 August Almaty City Court returned the initial appeal lodged in late July. He resubmitted his appeal on 17 August, but on 7 September the appeal collegium of Almaty City Court under Judge Serik Karymsakov rejected it, according to the decision seen by Forum 18.
“I met Saken many times in the Investigation Prison in Almaty,” the lawyer Umarova told Forum 18 from the city on 7 October. “He was depressed about his situation.” She noted that he was sent to the punishment cell in July for 15 days for refusing to go out for the prescribed exercise. “He didn't know it wasn't compulsory – it's a right, not an obligation,” Umarova noted.
Prisoner transferred to distant labour camp on religious holiday
Early on 24 September, the prison authorities began Tulbayev's transfer from the Investigation Prison in Almaty, where he had been held since shortly after his 1 April arrest, to the general regime labour camp No. 18 (AP-162/3) in Pavlodar, Tulbayev's relatives told Forum 18 on 7 October. They confirmed that he has already arrived there.
Relatives learned of the imminent transfer only on 23 September, when they met the head of Almaty's Investigation Prison Nurlan Taibekov. He gave them one hour's notice to collect warm clothes for Tulbayev to take to labour camp to keep him warm during the winter.
“We asked how they could transfer Saken if he had been put again in the punishment cell about five days earlier for possessing a copy of the Koran which did not have the required stamp to show it had been approved by prison guards,” relatives told Forum 18. “Taibekov insisted that Saken would be moved out at 6 am the following morning.”
Relatives believe that prison officials specially chose the Muslim festival of Kurban Bairam (Eid al-Adha), marked in Kazakhstan on 24 September, to transfer Tulbayev. “It was hard for him because it is an important day.”
Among the items relatives brought in a bag for Tulbayev was an Islamic calendar for 2016. Prison guards searched the bag for 40 minutes and did not reject any item. “We're not sure if everything was handed over to him,” relatives said.
The Pavlodar labour camp is nearly 1,500 kilometres north of Almaty by road on a journey that takes more than 15 hours. That Tulbayev has been sent there will make visiting him difficult and expensive, relatives complained to Forum 18.
Tulbayev's address in labour camp is:
140000 g. Pavlodar
Severnaya promyshlennaya zona
Uchr. AP-162/3
Tulbayevu Sakenu Peisenovichu
Kazakhstan
Annual operation against religious “extremists”
Erkin Mambetov, head of the Department for the Struggle against Extremism in the Criminal Police Department of the Interior Ministry in Astana, has revealed that since 2012 an annual operation has been held to counter religious “extremism”. Operation Uchastok (Russian for District) is held from 1 September to 1 December each year.
Officers visit residents' homes “to discover operational information on people participating in radical religious movements, where they hold meetings and live, and uncover violations of migration law”, KazTAG quoted him on 28 September as telling an international conference on countering violent extremism.
Mambetov said that in a six month period in 2015, more than 630 reports came in about individuals “possibly holding radical religious views and who spread these radical ideas”.
Mambetov put the number of those sentenced and imprisoned or arrested and held in pre-trial detention on charges of religious extremism at more than 600. Among those he identified was the imprisoned head of a Tabligh Jamaat cell in Almaty (an apparent reference to Tulbayev). He claimed that more than 350 of those prisoners “had moved to more moderate positions”.
Mambetov did not make any distinction in his quoted remarks between individuals who hold a particular faith and those who commit or incite violence.
Forum 18 tried to reach Mambetov on 7 October but his phone went unanswered.
A cyclist in Northwest Washington rides through rush-hour traffic during Bike to Work Week, secure in the knowledge that no car doors may be legally swung open into his path. No such security exists in Virginia. (Gerald Martineau for The Washington Post)
It is illegal in 40 states and the District of Columbia to open the door of your parked car into the path of a bicyclist. But in Virginia it remains perfectly fine, after the state House of Delegates again shot down a bill to prohibit “dooring” on Monday morning.
For the second year in a row, Fairfax City state Sen. Chap Petersen (D) championed the bill for a couple of reasons. One, to protect cyclists from suddenly slamming face first into the steel and glass of a car door. Two, to allow local police to assess some fault (and a $50 fine) so that insurance companies could not reject medical claims filed by injured cyclists on the basis that “no one was found at fault.”
Last year, the dooring bill passed the Senate but died in a tie vote in the House Transportation Committee. This is an issue of great interest in Northern Virginia, where more folks are riding bikes to work or using Capital Bikeshare to get around and having to coexist with our infamous traffic.
This year, the bill was passed by the Senate last month, with an amendment lowering the proposed fine from $100 to $50. But in the House Transportation Committee's Subcommittee #2, after hearing testimony favoring the dooring bill from bike groups and insurance agents, the delegates voted 4-3 against recommending the bill to the full committee. The only Northern Virginia delegate on Subcommittee #2, Jim LeMunyon (R-Fairfax), voted for the bill as did delegate Jeion Ward (D-Hampton) and Betsy Carr (D-Richmond). Subcommittee chairman Del. Scott Garrett (R-Lynchburg) voted no along with delegates Scott Taylor (R-Virginia Beach), Ronald Villanueva (R-Virginia Beach) and Terry Austin (R-Buchanan).
Here is the entirety of the proposed law: “No person shall open the door of a motor vehicle on the side adjacent to moving traffic unless and until it is reasonably safe to do so. A violation of this section shall constitute a traffic infraction punishable by a fine of no more than $50. No demerit points shall be awarded by the Commissioner for a violation of this section. The provisions of this section shall not apply to any law-enforcement officer, school guard, firefighter, or member of a rescue squad engaged in the performance of his duties.”
Del. Scott Garrett chairs the subcommittee which rejected a bill making “dooring” of cyclists illegal. (Virginia General Assembly)
Garrett said he had “concerns about the visibility of an approaching vehicle,” because “'moving traffic' can include multiple modes, like mopeds, motorcycles, trucks, cars, and bicycles.” He said he also had a problem with the bill not specifying whether there is intent to harm someone. “I raised this point in committee,” Garrett said. “Under this legislation, the simple act of exiting the vehicle, even with due caution, could result in a traffic infraction, punishable by a fine up to $50.”
Petersen said Garrett's concerns about the type of approaching vehicle were “irrelevant. The bottom line is if you open up the door into oncoming traffic, you do so at your own risk, and it doesn't matter if it's a bicycle or car or an elephant.” He said the issue of intent was also moot because of the phrase “reasonably safe to do so” in the law. “If you're in the car, open the door and someone comes out of nowhere at 80 miles per hour, you have a defense to that. But this isn't about a traffic infraction. This is solely about liability claims and insurance claims.”
Petersen said he found the bill's defeat “bewildering” because no one testified against it, and even a state police official testified that there was a gap in the law because no one could be held at fault after a cyclist-door accident. LeMunyon said he voted for the bill for that reason, that “it's helpful to create a perception in the code of who's at fault. I thought that would streamline things and make more sense.” He also felt that “people who live in Fairfax County understand what Chap's talking about more than if you live in a rural, agricultural small town area.”
Cycling advocates were baffled, again. “I don't know where they get the idea that cyclists like to ride into doors,” said Michael Gilbert, co-founder and former head of Ride Richmond. “I think the delegates just want to put more fault toward the cyclists and they don't understand how cyclists work in the road.” Gilbert noted that cyclists are instructed that they have all the rights and responsibilities of car drivers on the road, but that opponents such as Del. Scott Taylor expect that they also should be able to see inside parked cars, determine if someone is inside and if they are about to fling the door open. He said the whole idea of drivers or passengers checking for car or bike traffic before opening doors should be included in driver's education curricula, “but we have to get the law on the books first.”
Tom Bowden, vice president of the Virginia Bicycling Federation, watched the 7 a.m. subcommittee hearing. He said Garrett has “never voted for a bike safety thing in his life” and that Taylor “just couldn't get his head around the obvious, and somehow it's the cyclists' responsibility to avoid the doors.” (Taylor did not respond to a request for comment.) Bowden said the legislators seemed to feel that all cyclists were obnoxious lycra-clad Tour de France wannabes. “Some of us are just getting to work,” he said. “It's just ridiculous.”
In a later development, the same subcommittee approved a bill that would require drivers passing a cyclist on the road to allow three feet of space, rather than the current two feet. That bill, sponsored by Sen. Bryce Reeves (R-Fredericksburg), was recommended to the full committee by a 5-2 vote.
So to recap: Cars and bikes moving on the road at the same time, everyone is cool. Cars parked and bikes moving on the road, cyclists are fair game.
Access to justice in Canada is being described as "abysmal" in a new report from the Canadian Bar Association, which also calls for much more than "quick fix" solutions.
The summary report, released Sunday at the association's conference in Saskatoon, says there is profoundly unequal access to justice in Canada.
"Inaccessible justice costs us all, but visits its harshest consequences on the poorest people in our communities," says the report.
Story continues below advertisement
Report author Melina Buckley says one of the biggest concerns is the growing number of people who represent themselves in civil cases.
Buckley says many people earn just enough money so they don't qualify for legal aid, but they also don't make enough to pay for a lawyer. Those people often find themselves on their own in court, she says.
The problem is especially pronounced in family law cases.
"They describe that as just being a terrible experience," said Buckley in an interview.
"They find the whole process leading up to it is hugely stressful, has all kind of side effects in terms of their abilities to continue parenting their kids because they're stressed. Sometimes they lose their jobs or have to go part-time, all kinds of health and other situations. They tend to get alienated from friends and families because they become so obsessed by it.
"And then quite often they don't have the kind of outcomes that we would consider just and fair."
Buckley says that also puts more of a burden on the system.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
For example, a case that would normally take three days with a lawyer on each side, tends to instead take 10 days, she says.
There are also more pressures on court staff who must walk a fine line between helping people in small ways, like assisting with paperwork, and giving legal advice they aren't permitted to provide.
"They have to say 'Look, I'm sorry, that's legal advice. I can't do that.' And of course the person who has that need doesn't care, they need the answer. And if you can't point them to where they can (get it), it's obviously very frustrating, very high stress for people working within the courts," said Buckley.
Supreme Court of Canada Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin said access to justice is a growing problem for many Canadians.
Peoples' lives can be ruined if they can't get access to justice, McLachlin said Saturday at the conference.
"We know that there are a lot of needs. People just swallow their pain and their loss and live with it, I guess, in some unsatisfactory way feeling they can't get justice," said McLachlin.
Story continues below advertisement
The full report will be released in the fall, but the 59-page summary released Sunday makes several recommendations.
Among other things, the report calls for more federal funding for civil legal aid. Buckley says the federal government can't say how much it contributes to civil legal aid because the amount is included in overall funding to provinces and the decisions on how to spend the money is made at the provincial level.
The report says by 2020, all Canadians living at and below the poverty line should be eligible for full coverage of essential public legal services.
Another goal is to have all law schools in Canada have a student legal clinic to help low-income people by 2020.
All 31 targets are expected to be completed by 2030.
"We think very serious and radical reforms need to be made to the justice system. We think they're all doable. We call it an ambitious, but possible vision, and we think 17 years is about the right amount of time," said Buckley.
Story continues below advertisement
Change doesn't fall solely on governments or the bar association. The report also says law schools and other stakeholders must be involved.
Buckley says the creation of access to justice commissioner could make sure everyone works together.
The report says tinkering with the system won't be enough.
"The civil justice system is too badly broken for a quick fix. People fall between the cracks at an unacceptable cost. Injustice is too deeply woven into the system's very structure for piecemeal reforms to make much of a dent," it says.
All aboard the Facebook ferry.
The social network launched a private ferry service last week that will shuttle employees between San Francisco and Redwood City, just a few miles from company headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. A Facebook spokesperson confirmed the shuttle on Wednesday, which the company is calling a "water taxi."
Facebook plans to test the shuttle during a 90-day pilot period, at which point the company will reevaluate the service. The boat is a catamaran that holds 30 people, and comes equipped with perks such as Wi-Fi, coffee and snacks, according to the spokesperson.
This isn't the first time that a company has shuttled employees via water taxi. Google announced its own commuter ferry in early January, and completed a 30-day pilot program last week. The company is now evaluating whether or not the service should come back later this year.
The Google ferry appears to have been much larger than the Facebook taxi, holding 150 people, including deck seats. The Google ferry also had perks such as Wi-Fi.
The ferries represent an effort by Bay Area tech companies to find alternative ways to transport employees to and from the office. Many companies, including Google, Facebook, Apple and Cisco, use employee buses to transport San Francisco residents to company offices down in the Valley.
These buses have served as a point contention in recent months, with protester citing them as symbols of growing economic disparity in San Francisco. The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency decided in late January that the city will soon charge companies that use public bus stops to pick up employees.
Boston.com Cars is your go-to resource for coverage of local car news, events, and reviews. In the market for a car or truck? Check out our new car specials and used car specials curated by our local dealer network.
New drivers in Massachusetts would be required to show fellow motorists and police officers they are still learning the rules of the road if a bill that passed in the Massachusetts House over the weekend is turned into law.
The bill, known as “An act relative to student driver safety'' (H. 3114), would require the Registry of Motor Vehicles to provide the holder of a learner's permit with a “highly visible, reflective decal'' to let other motorists know that a vehicle's driver may still be learning the rules of the road.
Advertisement
The decal could be a sticker or a magnet and must be affixed to the driver's vehicle in a manner recommended by the RMV.
According to language in the bill the RMV may charge a fee for the decal, but an amount is not outlined.
The bill forbids a learner's permit holder from operating a vehicle without a decal that is visible to law enforcement. Violators may face fines of up to $50.
Learner's permits are available to residents as young as age 16, allowing them to drive in the company of a licensed and experienced driver who is age 21 or older.
The bill was filed by Rep. RoseLee Vincent, a Revere Democrat.
The idea was first introduced to lawmakers by a Saugus resident whose teenaged son had a nerve-wracking experience with a tailgating truck driver, according to State House News Service.
The bill is now being considered by the Senate Committee on Ways and Means.
In December 2014, Stephen Colbert hosted his very last episode of The Colbert Report on Comedy Central to assume a less politicized role as David Letterman's successor on The Late Show. A few months later, Jon Stewart retired from The Daily Show, which aired its final episode in August 2015. The departure of two such progressive icons prior to this year's historic presidential primary—for both the Republican and Democratic parties—begs introspection as to how the election would have been influenced if Mr. Colbert and Mr. Stewart remained in their roles at Comedy Central.
Before the 2016 elections began and The Daily Show was winding down, Mr. Stewart did call out Hillary Clinton's failure to claim $10 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation. Years before, during the 2008 Democratic primaries, Mr. Stewart was one of the best in media at highlighting Ms. Clinton's fallacies as a candidate. In one segment which aired on April 24, 2008, Mr. Stewart poked fun at Ms. Clinton's criticisms of caucuses, the Democratic primary process, defense of superdelegates and downplaying of the states she lost to Barack Obama.
In another segment, Mr. Stewart criticized an MSNBC reporter who distorted an image of Mr. Obama scratching his face, to infer he flipped Ms. Clinton the bird. Mr. Obama appeared twice on the show during the primaries—in August 2007 and April 2008—and, prior to Mr. Stewart's last episode, the LA Times described the “love story” between Mr. Stewart and Mr. Obama.
Mr. Stewart made no formal endorsement—his coverage maintained impartiality—but his rhetoric and ability to criticize each candidate as well as the mainstream media offered an unprecedented platform that hasn't been matched in the new version of The Daily Show hosted by Trevor Noah. Mr. Stewart recently broke his silence on the 2016 primaries in an interview with David Axelrod, saying ”what I think of Hillary Clinton is, I imagine her to be a very bright woman without the courage of her convictions—because I'm not even sure what they are.”
In 2008, Mr. Colbert often tore Ms. Clinton apart in ways no left-leaning comedian or pundit has done in the 2016 primaries. Following a debate in Philadelphia, Mr. Colbert outed moderator George Stephanopoulos' bias for Ms. Clinton. Ms. Clinton is partially to thank for Mr. Stephanopoulos' career success, posing an obvious conflict of interest which should have barred him from being a moderator at the debate. In another segment, Mr. Colbert criticized Ms. Clinton for citing Frederick Douglas as a role model, and ripped into Bill Clinton over the former president's constant criticisms of the Obama campaign.
“The Clinton campaign knows Bill Clinton can pummel Barack Obama with personal attacks while still providing Hillary with plausible deniability,” Mr. Colbert explained.
Mr. Colbert made one of the most astute criticisms of the 2010 Citizens United ruling by trying to establish his own super PAC. Campaign finance has been a polarizing issue in the 2016 Democratic primaries, and the ethical and corruption issues with regards to how elections are funded in American politics have received poor coverage in the mainstream media. One can only speculate as to how The Colbert Report would have covered Bernie Sanders' campaign and the issue of campaign finance in this election cycle—but it is safe to say no other mainstream media host took the issue on with the veracity Mr. Colbert did.
Ms. Clinton's pandering, questionable campaign finance violations and strong ties to wealthy donors across every big interest in the country have been poorly covered by mainstream media in the 2016 election. Instead, the media has spent most of their time obsessing over Donald Trump while blacking out Mr. Sanders' campaign.
Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart served on a popular, widely-accessible platform from which they could criticize the inauthenticity of the media and political candidates—both Democrats and Republicans. They served as a conduit between Clinton and Obama supporters in the 2008 election, offering important criticism and analysis beyond what was being offered in the mainstream.
It's impossible to quantify what their influence would have been on the race between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, but their coverage has surely been missed in an election where the media has done a terrible job—giving Bernie Sanders' campaign little-to-no coverage while he makes history by breaking campaign contribution records and campaign rally attendances.
History educator and researcher Tony Taylor says Christopher Pyne's education review is unnecessary, unfounded and based on specious arguments. We need a credible review team -- and a credible minister.
Education Minister Christopher Pyne's disingenuous defence of his curriculum review panel (mostly recently in the Fairfax press ) may work for his most immediate supporters, but it won't wash with an informed public. He tells us that a Coalition review of the national curriculum has been long promised. This bit, at least, is true, but the promises have consistently been framed in the language of political revenge. He tells us that parents want a review of the national curriculum. Which parents? How many parents? I see no sign of significant, sustained national parental interest in a review. He also says the current national curriculum was rushed, ad hoc, stop-go, which is simply not true. The process began in 2008, almost six year ago, and it is still ongoing. Implementation has been slow and careful. New South Wales, Australia's most populous state, is just on the point of full implementation. If anything, the national curriculum design process was unhurried, hugely consultative and over-careful, the very opposite of rushed. Pyne asserts that the curriculum design process was politicised. Wrong again. The national curriculum was developed by the Australian Curriculum and Assessment Authority, a standalone statutory agency led by the highly respected and apolitical Barry McGaw. Unsubstantiated accusations that ACARA was politicised do a serious disservice to McGaw and his staff. And, as someone who was involved in the ACARA history design process, I can say that there was no ALP involvement in curriculum design -- none whatsoever. Not only that, but the states and territories, many of them conservative, were involved in the process from the very beginning. Further, Pyne misleadingly asserts that there are "serious doubts" that the current national curriculum is meeting education policy demands and it needs an independent review. There are three points to make here. First, how can there be substantive doubts about a curriculum that is not yet fully implemented and that, based on a national research project I am currently conducting, has strong support from teachers and from the states and territories? Second, who is expressing these "serious doubts" apart from Christopher Pyne? Third, Pyne's definition of an independent review is wilfully misconceived to say the least. The Education Minister also tells us that "petty" criticism of his two reviewers won't help. Well, he would say that, wouldn't he? One is a failed Liberal preselection candidate for East Yarra in Melbourne, and the other publicly tried to persuade independent MPs Rob Oakeshott and Tony Windsor to support Tony Abbott in 2010. Criticism of these reviewers has been focused on their political tendencies, their professional suitability and conflict of interest issues. These are not petty matters. In my view there is nothing wrong with a snapshot interim professional review, but to make it happen and to give it any kind of credibility, Pyne should have appointed a suitably apolitical panel, not two Liberal Party chums. If Pyne were serious about an authentic, independent investigation, he would not have taken the partisan political way he himself condemns. Finally, I write as an academic with a 40-year history in practical curriculum development in the UK and in Australia. As an individual who has no political affiliation, my criticisms of the Pyne review are solely to do with my opposition to political meddling with the national curriculum. I also write as a professional who has worked at a federal level with the Howard Coalition government from 1999-2007 and for ACARA from 2008-2012. All three of the Coalition education ministers with whom I worked -- David Kemp, Brendan Nelson and Julie Bishop -- were intelligent, committed professional politicians who had particular points of view but were dedicated to their task. The impression I have of Pyne is that he thinks that a ministerial line in obfuscation, speciousness and fabrication is a good substitute for real knowledge of his brief. And, unlike Kemp, Nelson and Bishop, Pyne has become a laughing stock. As for the national curriculum, review it when it has been operating for at least three of four years, but for goodness sake, put in a credible review team. And get a better minister. *Tony Taylor has advised former federal governments on the history syllabus. His most recent books are (co-edited) History Wars and the Classroom: Global Perspectives (2012) and (co-authored) Place and Time: Explorations in Teaching Geography and History (2012).
Yesterday, we learned from producer Lauren Shuler Donner that the Matt Nix executive produced and Bryan Singer directedpilot at Fox would be called Gifted . Today, we have inadvertent confirmation that a classic X-Men member will be appearing as well.Last month, Blair Redford, best known for, was cast as "" However, it appears that was just a bit of misdirection as a social media post from Gifted co-star Natalie Alyn Lind shows that Blair is playing Thunderbird, better known as John Proudstar.There have been two other X-Men characters to use the code name, including John's brother, James Proudstar - who also went by Warpath for a time. The other user of the code name is Neal Shaara, an Indian with pyrokinetic abilities so it's highly unlikely this is the version of Thunderbird that Redford is playing.With this revelation, Thunderbird joins Polaris, Blink, and Sentinels as classic X-Men elements and characters that will appear on the show.
Jmart on 18th Avenue at 82nd Street opened this Saturday.
People came on foot, by car, by bicycle, and the place was packed, testing parking lot's capacity and layout (the one entrance and exit onto 18th Ave is going to be problematic, especially for left turns). But on Saturday they were not charging for parking.
Bklyner reporting is supported by our subscribers and:
The supermarket was overrun by customers on Saturday afternoon, and the following is a glimpse of offerings, by no means comprehensive. Some thoughts at the end.
There is lots of fresh produce:
There were great deals to be had on everything, from corn, to rice, to watermelons and more.
Rows of frozen delicacies:
Though at times the sheer number of choices and customers was overwhelming.
There are big fish and meat sections:
Lots of dried prawns and more:
Lines to checkout were moving slow and wrapped around the fresh produce section.
There were whole isles stocked with just soy sauce, ramen and candies:
There were regular eggs, along with fresh and preserved quail and duck eggs.
For those looking for non-asian products, there is bread, polish kielbasa, cereal and ice cream, as well as tons of fresh fruit and veggies.
I will certainly be back, most likely with a neighbor in tow who can explain what is what – there is much to learn for the uninitiated.
Neighbor Carmen Molina says she was pleasantly surprised at their “large shelf of Goya Foods… It's like having the selection present and divided among all the small stores in the neighborhood in one: red, white, black, pinto beans, Jasmine, white, brown, large, medium, basmati rice, lentils, coconut milk, corned beef, roast beef, potted meat, four types of Spanish olives, mojo criollo, cooking wine, olive oil, adobo and boxed Spanish yellow rice. Also there are other latino brands, like Maggi and Canilla.”
This does not sound good for the future of the small stores.
Shoppers were glad with the variety, and happy with the deals. Their regular prices were in line with other neighborhood markets: 2 big mangos for $3.99 and $0.89 per pound of papaya. The products seemed to be about 80% asian, a mix of Japanese, Korean and Chinese for certain, but I did not succeed at exploring the entire store and I'm sure I missed some.
“Even for us this is overwhelming, because they have not just Chinese but Korean and other asian countries produce in the same place. For one thing now you have many options”, a Chinese family with three generations present concurred.
Judging by the crowds, this store will do very well.
This story is free to read thanks to the generous support from readers like you. To support independent local journalism and keep local news free, become a member!
There are ghosts in Kraków. The city, under occupation by Nazi Germany, was once the headquarters of Hitler's General Government—and every street is haunted by memories of the terror and murder that were wrought on the ordinary folk who lived, and died, here.
One of the most poignant places from Kraków's wartime history is the former ghetto, to which Jewish Poles were herded. There, many died through random acts of murder, through starvation, or through sickness brought on by grossly overcrowded an insanitary living conditions. For the survivors of the ghetto, a different kind of hell awaited, at Auschwitz, Bełżec, and other death camps. Or they would be worked to death at the Płaszów labour camp in Kraków.
For two years, from March 1941 to March 1943, this small area of Kraków on the south bank of the Wisła river that comfortably accommodated 3,000 people became home to 15,000. The Nazi rationale for this was based on Hitler's ‘ethnic cleansing' of Europe; Kraków, as the headquarters of the new Reich in this region, was to become the ‘cleanest' city in the General Government – and an example to others.
Out of the way behind walls of concrete that resembled giant Jewish tombstones, Kraków's Jews were largely left to their fate – helped along by random beatings and shootings administered by their Nazi German captors. How many died there during the first year of the ghetto's existence is impossible to say, but certainly, more than escaped.
But genocide is arduous work, as Auschwitz commandant Rudolf Hoess revealed in his autobiography dealing with the years 1940 to 1944, in a passage described by historian Norman Davies as ‘perhaps the most damning self-condemnation of human nature ever invented'.
Hoess wrote:
When I saw my children playing happily, or observed my wife's delight over our youngest, the thought would often come over me, for how long will our happiness last? My wife could never understand these gloomy moods of mine, and ascribed them to some annoyance connected with my work… I had become dissatisfied with myself. To this must be added that I was worried because of anxiety about the never-ending work, and untrustworthiness of my colleagues…
And so, perhaps driven by the conclusion that it was simpler to work Kraków's Jews to death, or murder them at the death camps, the Nazis, under Amon Goethe, began to deport the inmates of the ghetto, in May 1942. From then, groups numbering thousands were transported, with the final ‘liquidation' of the ghetto coming on March 13 and 14, 1943.
On those two days, around 8,000 considered capable of work were removed to Płaszów. The others were either shot in the ghetto streets, or transported to Auschwitz.
It is from the heart of the ghetto—Plac Bohaterów Getta—to Płaszów, that a march in memory of the liquidation of the ghetto takes place in Kraków each spring, around the anniversary of the liquidation. This year it will be on March 15, at 12 noon.
The day before this, March 14, at 13:30, there will be a free guided walking tour from the city centre to the ghetto, organised by Free Walking Tours Kraków. The walk begins at the Mariacki church on Rynek Główny.
(Exclusively for the Krakow Post by Inside Poland)
“Partly what is going on here is the decline of the committees,” said Representative David Price, a North Carolina Democrat and a former political science professor. Mr. Price has introduced four bills this Congress, down from 15 in the previous one. “The place is much more centralized. There are less active, less autonomous committees.”
The legislative pullback has few starker examples than Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee.
The Financial Services committee — which oversees banking, the Federal Reserve and mortgage lending, among other areas — has held hearings and considered bills drafted by others. And Mr. Hensarling has been active in proposing bills that, in particular, address the government-sponsored entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. But he has not proposed any legislation of his own since the 113th Congress began in January 2013, whether related to the financial industry or his Dallas-area district (he has added his name as a co-sponsor of other legislation at least 105 times).
Image Representative Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, has not introduced any legislation since the 113th Congress began in January 2013. Credit J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press
“As a new committee chairman, Representative Hensarling has focused his attention on the Financial Services Committee,” said Sarah Rozier, a spokeswoman for Mr. Hensarling. “As chairman, he has made a decision not to act as the original sponsor for bills under the committee's jurisdiction and, instead, work his policy priorities with other members.”
In data from the past 20 years, there was no other House committee leader who did not introduce at least one bill in a two-year Congress. But others have also reduced their output. Tom Rooney, a Florida Republican, has proposed only four pieces of legislation in the current Congress after sponsoring 25 and 21 in his first two terms.
Momentum was on Will Power's side when he picked up his third Honda Indy Toronto victory a year ago and it may seem like history is repeating itself.
Power's rocky start to 2017 is nothing but a thing of the past now. The 36-year-old Australian is now fourth in the Verizon IndyCar Series standings and enters Toronto on another hot streak with four consecutive top-five finishes including a win at Texas.
A fourth victory at the Exhibition Place street course Sunday would help the Team Penske driver narrow the 53-point gap between him and championship leader Scott Dixon of Chip Ganassi Racing as the series enters crunch time with just six races remaining on the calendar.
“That would definitely be pretty exciting for me,” said Power, who won the IndyCar Series title in 2014. “It would put me right in the game for the championship. A fourth time would be amazing and that's what we'll be trying to do.”
Programming Note:
Before Power can think about closing in on Dixon he'll have to leapfrog his own Penske teammates Simon Pagenaud and Helio Castroneves. The team's fourth driver, Josef Newgarden, is also in the mix for the championship and right in Power's rearview mirror sitting fifth in the standings. While having all four drivers in the title chase may sound like trouble, Power said it's actually a good problem to have.
“It's a very good situation just because with all the data available now you learn a lot from each other and it really elevates the performance of the team,” Power said. “We do fight hard on the track, because once we're on the track we do race each other, but off the track we debrief in the same office after every session and all the information is available to all of us. A big part of making the team competitive is learning off of your teammates.
“At the end of the day, though, those are the guys you're going to be fighting in the championship. That's the way it is and you accept that: work hard off the track and fight on the track.”
The Jeff Blair Show Will Power: Nothing like the Toronto racetrack July 06 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
It may seem like it was yesterday, but Power's first win in Toronto came a decade ago back in 2007. Power, in his second full Champ Car season with Team Australia, worked his way through the field after starting seventh and had leader Ryan Dalziel in his sights with 17 laps to go. The pivotal pass came near treacherous turn three, where several drivers had already crashed out of the race, but Power made it through clean and never looked back, cruising away for just his second career victory.
That early win still stands out for Power, who now has 31 to his name and is tied for ninth on the all-time list with Dario Franchitti and Paul Tracy.
“It was a memorable win for me, it really was,” Power said. “It was a weekend when I had a penalty in qualifying and started at the back a bit and then just had a fantastic race. It was half-wet and drying, so it was difficult conditions, but I really enjoyed that win. It's still one of my favourites when I think about it.”
While a lot has changed since then — Champ Car unified with IndyCar the following year, the cars are different and even the track has been altered slightly — some things have stayed the same as Power's teammate that season was Pagenaud.
“He was a good teammate. He was very quick and still is,” said Power, who also raced against Pagenaud in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series in 2005. “It's amazing we ended up on the same team again.”
Although Power returns to Toronto once again as the defending champ, with three wins under his belt at the track he knows better than anyone that just because one strategy worked one year doesn't mean it'll translate to the next.
“I think what you've got to be careful of from winning the year before is not being complacent and knowing that year after year it's different. It requires something different,” Power said. “It's always a good feeling going into the weekend because we had such a good time here last year, we won, but you've got to really put your head down and work at it and know that it's basically a full reset from the year before.
“It definitely throws a lot of curveballs at you and especially when the weather comes it makes it really interesting,” he added. “I've had that quite a few times in Toronto. Great place to race, it always is, and always unpredictable.”
Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks in Washington on Oct. 1, 2015. Photo by Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
Sen. Elizabeth Warren spent the better part of 2015 fending off the pleas of her many supporters. No matter how many times she claimed she would not run for the presidency, no matter how emphatically she said no, many refused to accept her answer.
The Boston Globe all but begged Warren to enter the fray. So did many others. The manager of the super PAC Ready for Warren, formed for that one purpose, claimed, “We can't afford to not have her voice in the 2016 race.”
No need to worry. Warren's voice and the economic issues she is passionate about are present in this race—and in other places, too—even without the possibility of her name appearing on any ballot.
There's a political benefit to being the girl who got away. Instead of fighting for attention during the Saturday night Democratic debates, Warren is idealized. As Amber Phillips noted in the Washington Post earlier this month, “In staying out of the 2016 spotlight, Warren's presence (and popularity among the Democratic base) are paradoxically looming even larger over the Democratic primary.”
Take Social Security. Until this year, the way for candidates to sound serious about protecting Social Security was to claim the program was in financial trouble. In a 2012 debate with Mitt Romney, President Obama claimed the program needed to be “tweaked.”
No longer. In late March, Warren—along with West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin—thrust Social Security into the spotlight by adding an amendment to a congressional budget resolution calling for an increase in benefits. The move seemed like so much political theater. After all, there was zero chance the measure would pass the Republican-controlled Congress. But the deft legislative maneuver forced Senate Democrats to take a stand on the issue. As Mother Jones enthused prophetically, “Warren just turned Social Security expansion—once a progressive pipe-dream—into a tough-to-ignore 2016 issue.”
No kidding. Now, all three Democratic candidates are competing to expand the program. Martin O'Malley and Bernie Sanders are calling for increasing retirement benefits, while Hillary Clinton is advocating a tax credit for those who take time out of the paid workforce to manage family responsibilities. On the other hand, with the exception of Donald Trump, all the leading Republican contenders are campaigning on promises of raising the retirement age or taking other steps to cut back on Social Security payments, likely setting up a clear contrast for voters in the general election next year. (Marco Rubio, for example, supports raising the retirement age and would increase benefits for low-income retirees by reducing the growth in benefits for wealthier seniors.)
Warren also contributed to breaking a five-year logjam over a Department of Labor effort to expand investor protection for retirement accounts. At the beginning of the year, the effort appeared to be foundering, derailed yet again by fierce financial services industry pushback.
Enter Warren. She held hearings, made speeches, and released attention-getting reports, with titles such as “Villas, Castles, and Vacations: How Perks and Giveaways Create Conflicts of Interest in the Annuity Industry” (We wrote about it!), publicizing how financial advisers steered clients into investments that benefited their own bottom lines and still didn't run afoul of current law. She drew attention to how the financial services industry paid academics to write studies that just happened to agree with their viewpoints on issues. (We—along with just about everyone else—wrote about that too!)
The increased attention to a previously obscure regulatory issue ultimately pushed all the Democratic candidates to announce their support for the proposed change, which is known as the fiduciary standard. That included Sanders, who in 2010 signed a letter opposing a previous version of the revised standard of customer care, claiming it would burden Vermont companies offering workers employee stock ownership plans. A finalized rule is expected from the Department of Labor in 2016.
On the issue of college affordability, this year, as in years past, Warren introduced legislation that would permit student loan borrowers to refinance at lower rates. Like with Social Security, Congress dinged Warren's student-loan initiative. But in the Democratic primaries, the debate is now over whether tuition at public colleges should be free, as Sanders advocates, or if families should be required to pay what they can afford, as Clinton supports. “She succeeded in pushing the debate on student loans to the left,” declared Politico's Allie Grasgreen.
In other areas, Warren's produced bottom-line action and results for individual people. When Corinthian Colleges, a for-profit chain, closed earlier this year amid widespread allegations students were tricked into taking on loans to attend the school by recruiters lying about job placement rates, advocacy groups spent months lobbying the Obama administration to set up a process for the now former students to apply for debt forgiveness.
Left unresolved: the tax consequences of officially voiding the loan. Tax law counts forgiven debt as income and bills accordingly. It appeared the students whose debt was dismissed would need to once again prove they were victims of fraud, but this time not to the Department of Education but to the Internal Revenue Service. It took months of pressure to get the IRS to agree not to pursue the claims. Would this have happened without Warren? The Huffington Post says no.
It wasn't all victories, of course. Social Security recipients aren't getting a cost of living bump for 2016, thanks to low inflation. Warren introduced legislation calling for a one-time payment to Social Security recipients of $580, tying it to a think-tank study showing CEOs at the top 350 firms received a 3.9 percent increase in pay in 2014. Despite the support of Sanders, the proposal hasn't garnered much public attention. An effort to push the Commodity Futures Trading Commission into requiring more skin in the game from banks in derivative trades also stumbled, despite Warren's claim this failure would be “the nail in the coffin for Dodd-Frank's effort to regulate risky derivatives.”
But the issues of regulating Wall Street and the economy will remain front and center in the Democratic campaign. Sanders, O'Malley, and Clinton—who finds herself pressed time and again to square her tough talk on the financial industry with all the campaign donations she's collected from the sector—would do well to consider Warren, if not quite an unofficial challenger, a powerful campaign presence.
Tom Kingston had waited a long time to make his NRL debut at age 26. Now he has decided his career will record just six Titans matches after he made the decision to pursue his goals in the Army.
The popular back-rower called ‘TK' has made the tough call on his career, relinquishing a one-year contract and changing his uniform from blue, white and yellow to khaki.
He has been training with the squad this week to keep up his fitness levels but next week he leaves for new lifestyle and profession after earlier this year looking to join the air forces before belatedly being offered a one-year deal.
He will leave with no regrets after this season showing he was not out of place in the NRL, playing a part in three greats wins in the second half of the season – against Newcastle and grand finalists South Sydney and Canterbury – in his six appearances.
“I sat down when the season finished and thought hard about whether I wanted to try to cement a position in the NRL or pursue the things I want to accomplish in the army, which is a more long-term goal I'd been considering for a while,” Kingston said.
Read more at Titans.com.au
(Image: CNET/CBS Interactive)
Canadian's police have obtained encryption keys used by consumer BlackBerry devices, once thought to be one of the most secure mobile devices on the market.
A new report from Vice News found the revelations buried in court documents relating to a Montreal crime syndicate case, showing how BlackBerry and cellular network Rogers cooperated with law enforcement.
Technical reports filed in court by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police show that officers intercepted and decrypted around one million messages used by BlackBerry's proprietary messaging technology in relation to the case. Law enforcement are said to have accessed the messages with the company's master encryption key, used to encrypt consumer messages sent to and from devices.
But how complicit BlackBery was remains to be seen.
It's not clear where the encryption key came from, the report said, but government attorneys had tried to keep details of the case a secret for almost two years.
Vice said in its report that the Canadian smartphone maker "facilitated the interception process" but document redactions masked any context. The publication said that the key could have been extracted directly from a device by a third-party contractor.
BlackBerry is long known to have used a master encryption key, used on every device to scramble messages. This gives the company access to all communications over its systems, and would permit it to hand over data to law enforcement when asked. But since the Edward Snowden revelations it was widely assumed that at least one of the Five Eyes governments colluding in mass surveillance -- of which Canada is a member -- had acquired the keys.
The company's enterprise system is not thought to be affected by the surveillance technique, as each individual server has its own encryption key that even BlackBerry doesn't have access to. The system was said to be designed to prevent BlackBerry from forcibly handing over its customers' business secrets.
It's not the first effort by a government to unscramble BlackBerry devices or messages. At the time the Canadian police had the key -- between 2010 and 2012 -- the company had a large slice of the smartphone market share.
In 2011, British intelligence agency GCHQ was reportedly called in to try to crack the key in an effort to uncover those who organized civil unrest during the London riots.
In recent years, many tech companies and phone makers have bolstered their encryption efforts to lock out law enforcement. Apple, and more recently Google, both have smartphones on the market that effectively shut out anyone other than the owner, much to the chagrin of local and federal law enforcement agencies.
Despite its once proud status as a security pioneer, Blackberry has in recent years fallen behind other companies, who have pushed back in the wake of the Snowden disclosures.
Chief executive John Chen last year criticized this effort, arguing that companies should not put themselves above the law, indicating that it would help governments in some cases. "We reject the notion that tech companies should refuse reasonable, lawful access requests," he said.
The company said in November that it had "no plans" to issue a transparency report on how many data demands it receives from government agencies.
A BlackBerry spokesperson declined to comment.
In law and in love, never ever ask a question you don't already know the answer to.
A man at Fenway Park learned this unfortunate lesson the hard way Sunday night when, just before 10 p.m., he proposed. It went, as Pete Abraham put it, “awry.” The camera cut away from the unfortunate scene and there was a groan from fans.
The scoreboard proposal at Fenway may have just gone awry. There was no hug, the camera cut away and the crowd groaned. — Pete Abraham (@PeteAbe) May 1, 2017
As if that weren't bad enough, the crowd didn't let the moment pass. Fans began chanting, “She said no!”
Girl just said "no" it seems on engagement Jumbotron segment at Fenway Park. Crowd chanting "she said no". — Ricky Engelberg (@rje7) May 1, 2017
It got worse.
Dude they were fighting before the question even appeared on the screen! https://t.co/U4nY29O7vD — Ty Anderson (@_TyAnderson) May 1, 2017
This guy just proposed at Fenway on camera. She said no. Now they are arguing. That poor camera man pic.twitter.com/N9m8nOIXKH — Kim (@kimba7391) May 1, 2017
Yikes.
Paul Ryan doesn't care for “politics or politicians.” He says so in his recent book, The Way Forward: Renewing the American Idea. He prefers the ordinary folks of his childhood in small-town Wisconsin. It must have been sheer selflessness that propelled him into Congress at age 28. As chairman of the House Budget Committee (and the Republican vice-presidential nominee in 2012, who is eyeing 2016), Ryan has to deal with politicians all day long. Yuck! But there is one politician who escapes Ryan's censure: “The one exception was Ronald Reagan. I knew about him mostly because my dad thought his story was so inspiring.… An Irish guy who … had overcome a childhood of modest means and adversity and become president of the United States.” Ryan Sr. “would often see Reagan on the news and nod quietly, approvingly.” Things were pretty dire when Reagan took office back in 1981, as Ryan remembers it. But Reagan “was not defeated or deterred. Instead, he proposed a plan to get America back on track.” Well, yes, in his speech to a joint session of Congress shortly after becoming president, Reagan presented his “plan”—a reasonably detailed discussion of proposed tax cuts and spending cuts, pursuant to his vision of smaller government. The thing is, almost none of these changes ever happened. The tax cuts went through in 1981 but were partially repealed in 1982. In his “plan,” Reagan promised to cut two Cabinet departments (Energy and Education). Instead he added one (Veterans Affairs, now the government's second-largest). Ryan chooses to remember the Reagan of 1981, when anything was possible. This allows him to take Reagan's promises as some kind of reality. Thirty-four years down the road, it's too late for that. If you're thinking of running for president, you need to have a book. I don't mean own one—I mean write one. Or at least pretend to do so. You don't actually have to write the book, as long as your name is on the cover as if you did. The contents don't matter much. They can be your “vision”—lifted in whole or in part from think-tank research on the Web. They can be your life story. If you love your wife or husband, mention that here. Ditto if you've ever overcome adversity of any kind. Do you like hunting? Great! Got any photos of you and an animal carcass? But the indispensable ingredient of a campaign book, if you are a Republican, is Ronald Reagan. Somewhere in the book, you must invoke the memory of our 40th president and say that we should return to his values of small government, low taxes, self-reliance, and so on. I'm sorry, it's a rule. (Even Arianna has to obey. “But I am not a Republican, darling,” she protested. “This is outrageous—I haven't been a Republican for over a decade and am not scheduled to become one again, at least for the moment.”) You can usually get a Republican to admit, if you beat him or her with a stick, that Reagan's actual performance in office was a bit of a disappointment. But that, you see, is because the Democrats were so vicious in opposing Reagan's policies. What you cannot get many Republicans to admit is that the entire Reaganite golden age is a fantasy—even if they really think so. Why burst the bubble?
What can people possibly mean when they say they want America to “return” to being a country ruled by the values of Ronald Reagan? When was this blissful time when thrift and hard work were rewarded and the government knew its place? Certainly not when Reagan was actually president. Under President Reagan (1981–89), the size of the federal government increased by any measure. Executive-branch civilian employment, which covers almost everything except the uniformed military and the Postal Service, was 2.109 million in 1981 and 2.129 million in 1989. Total federal-government employment rose during this period from 4.9 million to 5.3 million. I could go on. Well, why not? Reagan inherited a federal budget of $599 billion in revenue, $678 billion in spending, and a deficit of $79 billion. He left office with a federal budget of $909 billion in revenue, a little less than $1.1 trillion in spending, and a deficit of $155 billion. If you're looking for a good bureaucracy slasher, try Bill Clinton. In his eight years, the size of the executive-branch workforce dropped more than 10 percent, from 2.9 million to 2.6 million. Plus, Clinton has got a better “overcoming adversity” story than anyone was able to concoct for Reagan. Reagan's life, like his disposition, was overwhelmingly sunny. He grew up middle-class in the Midwest, enjoyed relatively quick success in Hollywood, moved into politics, and triumphed there too. Clinton had a Southern Gothic upbringing—he famously had to stop his stepfather from beating his mother. Nothing that dramatic on Reagan's résumé. In his book A Simple Government, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee (who won the door prize in the 2008 election: his own TV show) praised Reagan's mastery of the economy and the federal budget: “When President Reagan cut the top [income tax] rate from 70% to 28%, revenues went from $517 billion in 1980 to over a trillion in 1990. When the Reagan tax cuts took effect in 1983, real growth (not just inflationary growth) jumped 7.5% in 1983 and 5.5% in 1984 after no growth in 1981 and 1982. Our GDP grew by a third during Reagan's two terms.” Well, yes and no (but mostly no). Reagan wasn't president for 10 years (it just seemed that way). Inflation alone in Reagan's eight years would have raised the value of $599 billion of revenue to $780 billion, even if the real economy had flatlined. It's true that the G.D.P. grew by a third during Reagan's two terms. In the two terms that followed (George Bush and Clinton I), it rose by nearly as much, and in Clinton's last term it soared. The notion that Reagan “had overcome a childhood of modest means and adversity” is Ryan's way of paying obeisance while avoiding the facts. Huckabee's strategy for accomplishing the same thing is to confuse the issue with random statistics that don't even match those of the Government Accountability Office. Texas governor Rick Perry tries a third approach. He concedes that Reagan deserves part of the blame for repeated Republican failures to live up to their promises. Nevertheless, he maintains in his recent book, Fed Up!: Our Fight to Save America from Washington, that Reagan “inspired a generation of Americans—including me—to remember the rugged individualism and self-determination that made this country great.” In what way, exactly, did Reagan demonstrate “rugged individualism” (except by having his picture taken on a horse)? Paul Ryan says that “we loved President Reagan … because he was one of us.” Ryan never says exactly who “us” is. But if words have meaning at all, it sounds like the opposite of rugged individualism.
Microsoft first released Skype Translator almost a year ago as a standalone app designed for Windows 8. The software giant is now integrating its impressive translation feature directly into the desktop version of Skype, opening it up to Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 10 users. Six voice languages will be supported at launch, including English, French, German, Italian, Madarin, and Spanish. Skype will now let you hold a conversation in any of them, without ever needing to learn a language.
"It has been a long-time dream at Skype to break down language barriers and bring everyone across the globe closer together," explains Microsoft's Skype team. "Researchers, engineers, and many others across Microsoft have been working hard to make this dream a reality and we are looking forward to bringing this preview technology to more devices."
Microsoft will roll out an update to the Skype for Windows desktop app over the next few weeks, and a new translator button will show up within conversations. You can enable translation for audio and video calls, but if you just want to translate instant messages then 50 languages in total will be supported.
We first used the software back in December during an early preview, and while there were a few translation issues, it works well enough to hold a conversation in a language you do not understand. Early adopters have been providing regular feedback to Microsoft, and the company clearly feels it's time to open up its Skype Translator to everyone using the Windows desktop app. There's no word on Mac or iOS / Android support yet, but given Microsoft's continued cross-platform focus, it's likely we'll see that at some point in the future.
Orlando Magic shooting guard and Houston native Jonathon Simmons said he had to "ride a boat, walk through muddy water and ride on the back of a dumpster truck" to escape from the city's flooding caused by the effects of Hurricane Harvey.
Speaking to the Magic's official website, Simmons detailed how he prepared for and ultimately escaped from the storm that caused massive flooding in the Houston area and beyond.
Editor's Picks Rockets owner reportedly ups aid as help grows Rockets owner Leslie Alexander, who originally donated $4 million to Hurricane Harvey relief efforts, has instead reportedly upped his pledge to $10 million as more aid comes in from all corners of the sports world.
Simmons said that he left his high-rise condo in the area to go to a friend's house in Richmond, Texas, on Saturday and packed enough items to stay there for three days, but more friends who were flooded out of where they had holed up joined Simmons' group.
"So that gave us another 11 extra people and most of them were kids," Simmons explained. "We had to let the kids eat first, so most of the last two days it was kind of rough [without food].
"There was at least 20 people in the house and probably eight of them were kids," Simmons said. "When I was little, my mom always kept the fridge full of stuff [during hurricanes]. This time, I ate a pack of Ramen noodles and that's all for like a day and a half."
Though their lodging in Richmond was never flooded due to the house being on a hill, other homes in the neighborhood were, and Simmons and his friends had to wade through flood waters to get out of the area. Simmons said he hasn't been back to his condo and doesn't have his car with him.
After two years with the San Antonio Spurs, Simmons signed as a free agent with the Magic this offseason. He said he's heard from Spurs general manager R.C. Buford, Magic coach Frank Vogel and various teammates.
"It's devastating," Simmons said of the storm. "Luckily, none of my family was seriously affected, but I see a lot of my friends suffering and that's difficult. But I'm also proud of how the city of Houston has come together to help one another. On the upside and the brighter side, there's that seeing how people have been there to help one another."
Microsoft Silverlight is a web application framework that provides functionalities similar to those in Adobe Flash, integrating multimedia, graphics, animations and interactivity into a single runtime environment.
We asked Microsoft User Experience Platform Manager Brian Goldfarb last week at PDC 2009, and the answer was a huge surprise...followed by some caveats. But it contained these four amazing words: "We worked with Apple."
The promise of Silverlight is that it's a cross-device, cross-browser, cross-platform solution, and it works the same on Macs as it does on Windows
Microsoft demonstrated the first developer beta of Silverlight 4 at the Professional Developer's Conference this week, nothing very exciting if it's not that they actually demoed it running on an iPhone. For those who don't know about Silverlight, Wikipedia is your friend:What's great about it is that thanks to Silverlight, web developers will soon be able to make their content available to iPhone owners without hassles. It's actually pretty amazing since we've been awaiting this from Adobe for a while now and it seemed like Apple was just not ready to let them do it. So how did it happen ? The guys over at betanews found out:What do you think about it ? I feel trouble in the force [via BetaNews
honey bee on flower.jpg
A healthy honeybee is shown in this file photo. However, some honeybees are being infected by a parasite that takes over its body, making it zombie like. (The Associated Press)
(The Associated Press)
So-called "zombie bees" have been found in Oregon.
A parasite that takes over a honeybee's body has been infecting pollinators along the west coast and beyond, according to researchers. The fly causes a bee to leave its home at night and walk around unbalanced and disoriented, like a zombie might, before it dies.
The fly parasite called Apocephalus borealis lays its eggs in a living bee, turning the insect into a host for its offspring. The eggs hatch and the maggots start to feed on the inside of the bee. Within a week, they emerge from the bee and ultimately, the bee dies. The parasite is also known to infect bumblebees.
An entomologist at San Francisco State University first noticed the zombie bees on campus in 2008, according to the New York Times. The bees would oddly leave their hives at night, head toward a light fixture, drop to the ground and and stumble around before dying.
To see if the bees were infected beyond the San Francisco area, researchers put out a call for "citizen scientists" to collect bees in jars, watch for parasitic flies to emerge from the bee and then submit photos. The ZomBee Watch site is a hub for the project, and shows where zombie bees have been registered nationwide.
Zombie bees have been discovered in a handful of Oregon locations, according to an infection map on ZomBee Watch. Roughly four infected bees were found in both Aloha and Tigard. Two were found in Portland and one in Corvallis. Bee sampling is in progress in other cities, and in some cases collected bees were not found to be infected.
Infected bees have also been registered in states including Washington and California, along with Vermont, New York and Pennsylvania on the east coast.
Understanding bee infection and parasites may shed light on the causes of Colony Collapse Disorder, scientists say. With the syndrome, adult bees abandon hives, leaving behind the queen bee, honey and and immature bees. Beekeepers started reporting unusually high losses of hives in 2006, according to the United States Department of Agriculture.
Information on how to get involved with the zombie bee research is available here.
--Laura Frazier
503-294-4035
Got a tip about science? Email me: lfrazier@oregonian.com
Top Tips for Taking Kids to a Theme Park
Theme parks are a fun day out for all
Disney remains one of the most popular theme parks of all time
Taking your kids out to a theme park, is a great way to have fun as a family and there are some great choices out there. Here are 10 tips to help make your day out enjoyable:1) Check on the weather forecast and plan accordingly. If it's hot, ensure that you have applied sunscreen before you get to the theme park, and if wet or inclement weather is planned, bring waterproofs or an umbrella. Weather doesn't have to ruin a day out, but sunburn and a thorough soaking of rain might do.2) If you can, avoid weekends and public holidays as these tend to bring the crowds to the park and queues for rides can be longer.3) Even if your kids are teenagers, it's a good idea once you enter the park to identify a good meeting spot should anyone get separated from the party. Have a rule that the moment anyone goes missing, you all make your way back to the meeting point.4) If you've got very small kids with you, you might want to consider making your child a wristband or a sticker for the inside of their clothing that has your contact details on etc, should they get separated from you. It's also a useful idea to dress your kids in brightly coloured clothing that you can easily identify in a crowd, should they wander a short distance away. Another good tip is to take a photo of your child the morning that you take them to the theme park. This way, if you get separated from them and then have to describe them to park security, you can use the picture to remember what they were wearing whilst your brain is no doubt frazzled with worry.5) Most theme parks won't allow you to take food into the park, but they are ok with water bottles, so take a bottle for each member of your family. This will keep you all hydrated, and also save you some money when you're in the park.6) Let your kids know about the theme park environment before they go. Explain that for some rides you might need them to be patient and 'take their turn' and mention that there will be lots of people in the park so they need to stay close to you. Forewarned is forearmed, and with the crowds at a theme park, kids can get a little anxious so it is good to prepare them.7) There's so much to see and do at a theme park, and you can easily lose track of time and forget about meal times. However, if you're late on meal times (or snacks) your toddler will likely let you know with a bit of a hunger meltdown and this can put a bit of a dampner on the day. A quick way to remember to have your water, or to get some snacks on board, is to set a reminder on your phone and this way no matter how much fun you're having you won't forget to take vital rest stops.8) Get a map. Everyone is excited the moment they set foot into a theme park, and it's quite easy to get caught up in the moment, and run straight towards the first ride or attraction you see. If you can, grab a map before you visit (online maps are very common at most major theme parks), and plan which rides and attractions you desperately want to see. Then plan a route around the park so that you can make the best use of your time. You can also make a note of when shows or entertainment is occuring and build this into your days plan.9) Book your tickets ahead of time. If you are able to, purchase your tickets online before you visit. Not only will this save you time on the day, it also guarantees you entry on a day when tickets might have already sold out. Major parks such as Disney and Universal have a limited number of tickets per day and once they've gone, they've gone.10) If you can tear yourself away, leave the park slightly before the park actually closes. This will mean that you're not caught up in the chaos of everyone leaving at the same time.
Think of it as a better version of Google Street View, because it has drones.
A new website, TravelByDrone, lets people from around the globe pin their own drone videos to a massive world map. TravelByDrone makes sure each video that makes it to the map is high quality and isn't overly promotional. There are currently 3,500 videos -- from all seven continents -- on the site.
"We want to give you the chance to discover the world from the perspective of drones," the company said on its website.
For example, you can soar over a zebra stampede in Tanzania's Serengeti National Park.
Or hover over the fog in San Francisco to watch the sunrise.
Here are some of our favorite videos below. Check out the entire map and all the drone footage here.
Monaco
Marseille, France
Nha Trang, Vietnam
Serengeti National Park, Tanzania
THE DISTRICT
Police seek man in
alleged kidnapping
D.C. police said they were looking Monday for a man accused of kidnapping and assaulting a woman who got into a car bearing a decal for the ride-hailing service Uber.
The incident occurred about 2:45 a.m. Sunday in the area of 11th and G streets NE after the woman accepted a ride from the car's driver. The driver, police said, assaulted the woman and refused to let her out. An Uber spokesman, Taylor Bennett, said in an e-mail that Uber was “working closely” with police.
According to authorities and Uber, the woman apparently did not book the ride through the Uber mobile app. Drivers who contract with Uber are prohibited from picking up a passenger unless the ride is booked through the app. It was not known whether the driver worked for Uber.
— Dana Hedgpeth
and Martin Weil
MARYLAND
Loans offered for
repair of riot damage
The U.S. Small Business Administration has approved a physical-disaster declaration for Baltimore that allows businesses, homeowners and renters to apply for low-interest loans to repair damages from recent unrest in the city.
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) announced the decision Monday. The loans can be used to pay for damaged or destroyed real estate, personal property, machinery, equipment, inventory and business assets
Residents can apply for assistance at two Baltimore libraries: the Southeast Anchor Library and the Pennsylvania Avenue Branch.
— Josh Hicks
Woman, 35, fatally
struck by CSX train
A Maryland woman died after being struck by a CSX freight train on the tracks near a College Park transit station Monday morning, officials said.
Rebecca Ruth Selleck, 35, of Riverdale was trying to cross to the railway platform, Prince George's County police said.
CSX said the 59-car train was traveling from Baltimore when it struck a pedestrian about 11:10 a.m. at the train station. No other injuries were reported. Prince George's firefighters arrived at the scene, in the 7100 block of Bowdoin Avenue, about 10 minutes later and pronounced the victim dead, according to spokesman Mark Brady.
The College Park station is less than a mile from the University of Maryland and serves both MARC commuter trains and Metrorail's Green Line.
— Arelis Hernández
VIRGINIA
Woman who lied
to FBI sentenced
A Virginia woman who admitted that she had made contact with a man overseas she thought was an Islamic State fighter and lied to the FBI about it was sentenced Monday to 4½ years in prison.
Heather Elizabeth Coffman, 29, of Glen Allen, Va., pleaded guilty this year to making a false statement involving international terrorism, admitting that she had put a man she described as her husband or fiance in touch with a purported Islamic State fighter. She had hoped, according to her plea agreement, that the fighter would help the man she was involved with join the Islamic State and die a martyr.
The husband (or fiance) backed out, and Coffman was eventually caught up in an FBI sting.
— Matt Zapotosky
A young 22 year old inventor, by the name of Kent Hodgson, has found a way to almost instantly chill a beverage without using any ice. His relatively simple idea uses liquid CO2 to turn a warm beverage into a cold one within seconds.
The usefulness of a small device such as this one is endless. It could eliminate the need for hauling around those huge coolers to the beach or to a barbecue. It can also save space in your refrigerator by not having to put huge cases of beer, or other drink, into the fridge, and instead cooling the drink right before you actually drink it. Also, this device does not dilute the drink, like ice does.
The inventor of this device says that the technology involved in this little gadget is very simple. Here's how he explains it in his own words, "You have plastic cooling cells which are pressed down into the dock which houses the liquid carbon dioxide. The liquid CO2 expands and is pressurized into dry ice in the base of the cooling cells ... in a moment. You then pop it into your drink and then proceed from there as you normally would."(Kent Hodgson)
The device is slightly larger than a pen, and it is expected to cool a case of beer with one canister of CO2. At this rate, it is estimated that it will cost about 7 cents to cool each beer. Well worth it, if you ask me, to have a warm beer turn ice cold within seconds.
Kent Hodgson calls his invention Huski, and he is currently showing the device at an exhibit at the Design Exposure 2007 at Britomart Pavilion. He is currently working on patenting the device, and expects to retail it for about $50.
Source: The New Zealand Herald
Joe Eitel's Gadget Blog
InventorSpot
The San Francisco 49ers announced on Monday they have signed DL Leger Douzable (LEE-jay DOO-zub-ul) and OL Andrew Gardner *to one-year deals. In order to make room on the roster, the team has waived/injured S *Chanceller James. If James is not claimed, he will revert back to the teams Injured Reserve List.
Douzable (6-4, 284) originally entered the NFL after signing with the Minnesota Vikings practice squad as an undrafted free agent on September 3, 2008. He spent the 2008 season on the practice squad of both the Vikings and New York Giants. Over the past eight years (2009-16), he has spent time with the St. Louis Rams (2009), Jacksonville Jaguars (2010-11), Tennessee Titans (2012), New York Jets (2013-15) and Buffalo Bills (2016). Douzable has appeared in 107 games (14 starts) and registered 159 tackles, 6.5 sacks, two passes defensed and one fumble recovery. Last season in Buffalo, he appeared in all 16 games (five starts) and finished with 43 tackles, 1.5 sacks and one pass defensed.
A 31-year-old native of Tampa, FL, Douzable attended the University of Central Florida where he appeared in 49 games (24 starts). As a senior in 2007, he earned First-Team All-Conference USA honors after starting all 14 games and leading the team with 7.5 sacks.
Gardner (6-6, 308) rejoins the 49ers after signing with the team on December 21, 2016. He started at left guard in the team's final game of the 2016 regular season. He has appeared in 28 games (12 starts) with the Miami Dolphins (2009-10), Baltimore Ravens (2010), Minnesota Vikings (2010), Cincinnati Bengals (2010-11), Houston Texans (2011-13), Philadelphia Eagles (2014-15) and 49ers.
A 31-year-old native of Tyrone, GA, Gardner attended Georgia Tech where he started in each of his 48 appearances for the Yellow Jackets (2005-08) and earned First-Team All-ACC honors as a junior and senior.
President of Sprint Business invites IoT innovators to partner with carrier.
AUSTIN, Texas – Sprint Chairman Masayoshi Son envisions 1 trillion devices connected to the internet, and the carrier's engineers and executives want to plan for that network. Jan Geldmacher, president of Sprint Business, explained the vision in a keynote address at this week's Enterprise IoT Summit.
Geldmacher said the network of the future will be a converged network, combining wireless, wireline, Bluetooth, LoRa, Sigfox and unlicensed spectrum. He said mobile networks are about to be part of a sea change that will impact all society, which he described with a quote from Son.
“The boom in the rate at which we are starting to collect, analyze and ultimately glean knowledge from data is like the Cambrian explosion, the period during which prehistoric creatures developed the five senses,” Geldmacher said in quoting Son.
“When you think about what's next you really need to think about the megatrends,” Geldmacher said, noting demographic changes, globalization and digitization are all impacting network traffic. “Our network infrastructure is not really prepared to deal with all these trends yet.”
“We are talking about an explosion of data volumes of probably a factor of 2,400,” Geldmacher said. “We are talking about creating latencies that come close to the reaction time of a human being.”
Geldmacher compared today's internet of things to the internet in 1997, meaning the basic technology is falling into place but people have not really figured out all the things they can do with it.
“It's time to innovate now,” Geldmacher said. “If you talk about how the market is divided in the IoT space I think it's not relevant, because we're just beginning.”
Network operators are just one part of the IoT ecosystem, Geldmacher said, explaining other players are the system integrators; the hardware manufacturers; the wireless module and modem providers; the applications platform providers; and the software vendors.
“I offer to those in the room that want to partner, we are ready to partner,” Geldmacher said, adding he encouraged companies that want to make IoT technology part of their business to be brave and to believe the future is not as unpredictable as it may seem. “I think the future looks predictable if you just anticipate what's happening in technology and apply it in the right way.”
Geldmacher said 94% of IoT investments yield some return on investment. Geldmacher also shared results from a recent survey of enterprises looking at IoT deployments, and listed the benefits that companies say they expect. The expectation named most often was streamlined operations, followed by higher productivity; better safety, security and monitoring; better customer service; improved automation; and increased revenue.
A social internet poll reportedly found that people would trust a fish finger ahead of Mr Farron to govern the country.
Alongside an outrageous outfit, the Parliamentary candidate has vowed to change his name by deed poll to Mr Fish Finger.
GETTY Farron will have to beat the competition from a fish finger in the General Election
This seat has been held since 2005 by Tim Farron, who lost to a fish finger - by a margin of around 99 per cent - in a poll Mr Fish Finger
The statement on the crowdfunding website said: “We must raise £500 to pay the deposit for Mr Fish Finger to run for MP for Westmorland and Lonsdale.
“This seat has been held since 2005 by Tim Farron, who lost to a fish finger - by a margin of around 99 per cent - in a poll of over 1,000 people, when asked Who would you trust to lead you more?.
Politicians react to Theresa May's snap general election Wed, April 19, 2017 UK Prime Minister Theresa May has announced her intention to hold an early general election on June 8 Play slideshow EPA 1 of 10 Theresa May has called for a snap general election
“Mr Fish Finger will conduct any related business dressed as a fish finger.”
The candidate tweeted to say he will be interviewed on radio today and jokingly mentioned a policy for “no more foreign fish in our fingers”.
Mr Farron's strong Christian convictions have prompted questions about whether he is in step with the rest of his Lib Dem colleagues on gay rights' issues.
In a Channel Four News interview in 2015, the MP refused to answer three times when asked if he thinks gay sex is a sin.
In another interview with Cathy Newman, Mr Farron was pushed on the issue again.
She challenged him: “A while back I asked you whether it was true that you believed homosexuality was a sin, and you struggled to answer. Now you've had a while to consider that question, what is the answer?”
GETTY The Prime Minister called an election for June 8 2017
The Lib Dem leader insisted: “I don't think I struggled to answer, I talked about how I'm not in a position to be making theological pronouncements. I can promise you one thing, over the next six weeks I'm not going to spend my time talking theology or making pronouncements.
Mr Farron said: “Over the next six weeks I am not going to spend my time making theological pronouncements.”
GETTY Farron took control of the party from Clegg who was strong on gay rights
Share. Check out the new Deadpool creative team for Marvel NOW! Check out the new Deadpool creative team for Marvel NOW!
Any Deadpool fan knows that Wade Wilson is kind of a fan of Tex-Mex food, specifically chimichangas.Well, in their latest teaser -- following hints for new Iron Man, Thor, and Hulk creative teams -- Marvel Comics has unveiled that Deadpool will be getting a relaunch in November as part of Marvel NOW! Unless there's someone else you know that loves chimichangas this much:
Writer Daniel Way is just wrapping up his long stint with Deadpool, so Marvel NOW! seems like the perfect opportunity to do something new with the character. The names that appear on the teaser should be indicative of the direction as well -- it seems that comedians and occasional comic book scribes Brian Posehn and Gerry Duggan will be scripting the series with who we assume is fan-favorite creator Tony Moore on art duties.
Chimichangas, anyone?
Joey is IGN's Comics Editor and a comic book creator himself. Follow Joey on Twitter, or find him on IGN. He will love Star Wars until the end of his days.
Cross Posted from Catskill Mountain Keeper
In an incredible victory for Mountainkeeper and activists across New York State – Dr. Shah, the State Department of Health Commissioner sent a letter to Department of Environmental Conservation Commissioner Joe Martens stating:
“As we have been reviewing the scope of these studies, I have determined — and prudence dictates — that the DOH Public Health Review will require additional time to complete based on the complexity of the issues. My team and I will be in Pennsylvania and Washington in the coming days for first-hand briefings on these studies and their progress, which will assist in informing the New York review. I have also extended the term of the DOH outside expert researchers to continue to assist my review. I anticipate delivering the completed Public Health Review to you within a few weeks, along with my recommendations.” Read the entire letter here
In response Commissioner Martens issued a press release stating:
“Commissioner Shah advised me today that the Public Health Review of the Supplemental Generic Environmental Impact Statement (SGEIS) of high-volume hydraulic fracturing is still on-going. The Department of Health's (DOH) Public Health Review, which was undertaken at my request, is important to our consideration of high-volume hydraulic fracturing and I will not issue a final SGEIS until that review is complete and I have received Dr. Shah's recommendations. He has indicated he expects his review to be complete in a few weeks after he has had an opportunity to review recent studies underway which are pertinent to the evaluation of high-volume hydraulic fracturing impacts on public health.” Read the entire press release here
According to Dr. Kathleen Nolan, MD, MSL Catskill Mountainkeeper's High Peaks Regional Director:
“As Mountainkeeper has long recommended, Dr. Shah is wisely taking the time to come to a careful decision about what needs to happen to protect New York from the harmful effects of fracking. We hope that his future plans include a call for a rigorous, comprehensive, open and participatory Health Impact Assessment that will define and quantify the full range of health hazards involved in the production and distribution of natural gas.”
Catskill Mountainkeeper commends the Governor, Commissioner Shah and Commissioner Martens on their decision to take the prudent approach to this very controversial issue by proceeding with the utmost caution. We hope that the DOH and the DEC will continue to recognize the need for more in depth study of this dangerous practice. We will keep you updated as we learn more.
Advertisements
QUESTION #425 previous | next
Why is Venus the hottest planet even though Mercury is closer to the sun?
Answer
Asked by: AkilMercury is closest to the sun, this is true. However, because of its proximity to the sun it lacks an atmosphere. Mercury's gaseous molecules reached escape velocity long ago and the atmosphere was 'burned off' leaving a vacant wasteland of rock with a similar surface to the earth's moon. There is nothing to hold in solar radiation, thus is flies out into space.Venus is a different story. Its atmosphere is primarily composed of carbon dioxide - the primary green house gas -, which acts like a one-way door. The solar heat enters, but it cannot leave. Thus, an oven is created. This is why Venus has no water. Pictures suggest that Venus once had an aqueous environment, but because of climatic changes and intense heat.... it evaporated.Also, because of an overactive core, Venus seems to recreate its continents every X years. So, we do not expect to find fossils or many bacteria.Answered by: Joel Levy, State University of New York - Albany
Houston loves its cars, roads and big spaces.
Because the city is not bounded by any significant geographic features — there are no mountains or waterways to impede development in any region — it is easier and cheaper to grow outward, than upward.
Houston has only a few dense neighborhoods with 10,000 or more people per square mile, such as along the southwest freeway. From the Greater Greater Washington blog here's a map showing the density of areas inside the Sam Houston Tollway.
Now compare the map above to, say, Manhattan Island.
Now let's discuss an even better way to get an understanding of the density of the city in which we live. A few years ago Tim de Chant created a series of maps showing how big a city would have to be to house the world's 7 billion people. The maps showed how big the city would have to be if we lived like New Yorkers or Houstonians.
First up is a map of a city with New York density. Such a city with the world's entire population would fit into Texas:
But what about if the world's population wanted to live within a city with more room, like Houston? Here's how much space on Earth such a city would take up:
The low density of Houston compared to New York and the other major cities of the world explains why it's so difficult to make mass transportation work here, why we love our freeways, and why land is relatively cheap. Some of these factors have led Houston to be one of the country's fastest growing cities, and urban expert Joel Kotkin has designated it as one of the country's foremost aspirational cities.
The key is low density.
The Light from the TV Shows: Eight Years of “House” Guests
With “House” coming to its conclusion on Monday after an eight-year run, it's fair to say that quite a few regular cast members have seen their way in and out of the doors of Princeton Plainsboro Teaching Hospital, but their number can't hold a candle to how many guest stars – we're talking people who were on the show for a single-digit number of times – have turned up over the years. This isn't all of them, but it's a start…
Season 1
Robin Tunney (Ep. 1.1, “Pilot”)
Character: a kindergarten teacher who becomes dysphasic and starts having seizures. Turns out she's invested with tapeworms.
Sam Trammell (Ep. 1.4, “Maternity”)
Character: the father of a baby girl that's not even out of the maternity ward and already on death's door from a virus.
Elizabeth Mitchell (Ep. 1.5, “Damned If you Don't”)
Character: a nun who looks like she's suffering from stigmata but is later discovered to be suffering an allergic reaction to a copper cross IUD left over from her, uh, wilder days.
Dominic Purcell (Ep. 1.6, “Fidelity”)
Character: a husband whose wife – the Patient of the Week – turns out to have been unfaithful.
Amanda Seyfried (Ep. 1.11, “Detox”)
Character: girlfriend to the Patient of the Week.
Scott Foley (Ep. 1.12, “Sports Medicine”)
Character: a baseball player suffering cadmium poisoning from all the pot he's been smoking.
Joe Morton (Ep. 1.17, “Role Model”)
Character: a senator suffering the after-effects of an epilepsy treatment from childhood
John Cho (Ep. 1.20, “Love Hurts”)
Character: a guy who, after spilling apple juice on House's clothes, ends up being diagnosed by him as having had a stroke. Upon further investigation, it's determined that he has a trauma-induced aneurysm as a result of a preference for sadomasochism.
Carmen Electra (Ep. 1.21, “Three Stories”)
Character: While begrudgingly lecturing a classroom of medical students about a past patient who is depicted as looking as Carmen Electra playing miniature golf. In reality, the patient was actually a male golfer…and he played regular golf, by the way. (Who knew miniature golf could be so sexy?)
Season 2
LL Cool J (Ep.2.1, “Acceptance”)
Character: a death-row inmate suffering from pheochromocytoma.
Ron Livingston (Ep. 2.4, “TB or Not TB”)
Character: a famous doctor who thinks he has tuberculosis. He doesn't. It's actually a tumor and a pancreas problem.
Taraji P. Henson (Ep. 2.6, “Spin”)
Character: the publicist for a famous bicyclist.
Cynthia Nixon (Ep. 2.9, “Deception”)
Character: an anemic woman who turns out to suffer from Münchausen's syndrome.
Elle Fanning (Ep. 2.11, “Need to Know”)
Character: a little girl whose mom is swiping her Ritalin.
Howard Hesseman (Ep. 2.14, “Sex Kills”)
Character: a man who, in addition to suffering from a brain infection, is also sleeping with his ex-wife, who's estranged from their daughter. It's a family affair!
Michelle Trachtenberg (Ep. 2.16, “Safe”)
Character: a teenage girl who, in addition to having survived a car accident only by having a heart transplant, ends up suffering from an acute case of Tick in the Vagina. I only wish I was joking.
Jayma Mays (Ep. 2.18, “Sleeping Dogs Lie”)
Character: a poor, sweet girl who's contracted bubonic plague through the fleas of her dog.
Thomas Dekker (Ep. 2.19, “House vs. God”)
Character: a faith healer who, rather embarrassingly, turns out to be suffering from a nasty case of herpes.
William Katt (Ep. 2.19, “House vs. God”)
Character: the father of the aforementioned faith healer.
D.B. Sweeney (Ep. 2.23, “Who's Your Daddy?”)
Character: an old buddy of House's who finds himself in the midst of a Katrina-related paternity situation.
Elias Koteas (Ep. 2.24, “No Reason”)
Character: a former patient of House's who's so disgruntled that he storms into the hospital and promptly shoots House twice. Which, really, isn't all that surprising.
Season 3
Kathleen Quinlan (Ep. 3.1, “Meaning”)
Character: the wife of a brain cancer surgery patient who's paralyzed and in a wheelchair.
Sheryl Lee (Ep. 3.2, “Cane and Able”)
Character: the mother of a seven-year-old boy suffering from rectal bleeding and claims of being tortured by aliens.
Joel Grey (Ep. 3.3, “Informed Consent”)
Character: a noted cancer doctor who, as a result of suffering from the disease himself, begs House for euthanasia.
John Larroquette (Ep. 3.7, “Son of Coma Guy”)
Character: a gentleman in a vegetative state who, thanks to a cocktail of L-Dopa and amphetamines, is awakened long enough to reconnect with his son.
Patrick Fugit (Ep. 3.8, “Whac-A-Mole”)
Character: an 18-year-old who has a heart attack because, as it turns out, he needs a bone marrow transplant.
Meagan Good (Ep. 3.11, “Words and Deeds”)
Character: a firefighter who stands beside one of her medically-challenged coworkers
Dave Matthews (Ep. 3.15, “Half-Wit”)
Character: a pianist deals with a neurological condition which may impair his ability to play.
Kurtwood Smith (Ep. 3.15, “Half-Wit”)
Character: the father of the aforementioned pianist.
Marc Blucas (Ep. 3.16, “Top Secret”)
Character: a veteran who claims to have a nasty case of Gulf War Syndrome but is actually stuck with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia instead.
Bailee Madison (Ep. 3.19, “Act Your Age”)
Character: a six-year-old who's been affected by their father's sexual-enhancement cream and, as a result, is going through puberty early.
Lyndsy Fonseca (Ep. 3.22, “Resignation”)
Character: a 19-year-old martial artist drinks drain cleaner and then pretends she hasn't.
Piper Perabo (Ep. 3.22, “Resignation”)
Character: a vegan and nutritionist who thinks House is interested in her for a job and then gets upset when she realizes it's more about her, uh, other assets.
Season 4
Frank Whaley (Ep. 4.5, “Mirror, Mirror”)
Character: a mystery man who comes into the hospital and claims to have numerous symptoms while also suffering from some real ones.
Jeremy Renner (Ep. 4.9, “Games”)
Character: a grunge rocker whose addition to heroin is the least of his problems.
Mira Sorvino (Ep. 4.11, “Frozen”)
Character: a researcher in Antarctica who has to be diagnosed by House via webcam.
Season 5
Felicia Day (Ep. 5.2, “Not Cancer”)
Character: a teacher who had a corneal transplant and is now dealing with a major brain problem.
Breckin Meyer (Ep. 5.3, “Adverse Events”)
Character: an artist who suffers from a gastrointestinal mass after taking an experimental antacid.
Sherilyn Fenn (Ep. 5.11, “Joy to the World”)
Character: the mother of a teenage girl suffering from both pregnancy and terminal cancer.
Judy Greer (Ep. 5.18, “Here Kitty”)
Character: a woman convinced that she's going to die because a cat with a disconcerting tendency to sleep next to people on the last night of their lives slept next to her.
Mos Def (Ep. 5.19, “Locked In”)
Character: a guy who gets into a bicycle accident and gets locked-in syndrome for this trouble, meaning that he can think and is fully aware but can't move or tell anyone of his awareness.
Meat Loaf (Ep. 5.20, “Simple Explanation”)
Character: a terminal patient who, like his life's not bad enough already, has to endure watching his wife start to succumb to a resperatory ailment.
Carl Reiner (Ep. 5.24, “Both Sides Now”)
Character: an elderly man who claims to have a “squawking ” problem – his term for acid reflux, apparently – but actually has pancreatic cancer.
Season 6
Curtis Armstrong (Ep. 6.1, “Broken”)
Character: One of House's fellow patients at Mayfield Psychiatric Hospital.
James Earl Jones (Ep. 6.3, “The Tyrant”)
Character: a dying African dictator who nobody wants to save because he's pro-ethnic-cleansing. Can you blame them, though? I mean, really…
Joshua Malina (Ep. 6.9, “Wilson”)
Character: a former patient of Wilson's who asks him for part of his liver and, after getting it, proceeds to prove himself to be as much of a user as House is.
Ethan Embry (Ep. 6.10, “The Down Low”)
Character: a drug dealer suffering from the repeated aneurysms brought on by Hughes-Stovin Syndrome.
Orlando Jones (Ep. 6.12, “Moving the Chains”)
Character: Foreman's brother. They're not real close.
Laura Prepon (Ep. 6.14, “Private Lives”)
Character: A workaholic blogger with a case of Whipple's Disease. It's a gastrointestinal disorder. Any more detail would just freak us both out.
Sarah Wayne Callies (Ep. 6.18, “Open and Shut”)
Character: a woman whose open marriage makes it decidedly difficult to determine her ailment.
Season 7
Jennifer Grey (Ep. 7.5, “Unplanned Parenthood”)
Character: a woman who gives birth to a baby with breathing problems, only to find out that she has melanoma and has passed it on to her child.
Amy Irving (Ep. 7.3, “Unwritten”)
Character: the author of a popular series of children's books who has a seizure in the middle of trying to commit suicide.
Jack Coleman (Ep. 7.6, “Office Politics”)
Character: a senator's campaign manager who has kidney failure. Oh, also, he probably had sex with the senator.
Matthew Lillard (Ep. 7.9, “Larger Than Life”)
Character: a musician who learns that parents aren't fucking around when they tell you that chicken pox can be a major hassle when contracted by adults.
Donal Logue (Ep. 7.20, “Changes”)
Character: a lottery winner whose paralysis and cancer may or may not be the result of his new millionaire lifestyle.
David Costabile (Ep. 7.20, “Changes”)
Character: the lottery winner's shady cousin.
Season 8
Michael Pare (Ep. 8.1, “Twenty Vicodin”)
Character: The warden of the prison House gets thrown in after driving his car into Cuddy's house.
Wentworth Miller (Ep. 8.3, “Charity Case”)
Character: a philanthropist who, in the midst of his own medical issues, offers to donate a kidney to a patient.
Michael Nouri (Ep. 8.4, “Risky Business”)
Character: a businessman whose constant trips to China may be the cause of his medical woes.
Billy Connolly (Ep. 8.14, “Love is Blind”)
Character: the man who would be House's next stepfather. (In other words, the guy's sleeping with House's mom.)
Peter Weller (Ep. 8.20, “Post Mortem”)
Character: another physician at the hospital, one who looks suspiciously like the man who directed this episode.
James LeGros (Ep. 8.22, “Everybody Dies”)
Character: a drug addict who causes House to reflect on his life.
Recurring characters
Chi McBride (Season 1)
Character: a billionaire pharmaceutical company owner who donates US$100 million to the hospital in return for becoming chairman of the board. He doesn't like House. At all. Which is why he leaves quickly.
Sela Ward (Seasons 1 & 2)
Character: House's ex-girlfriend, who turns up because she wants him to treat her husband, who's suffering from acute intermittent porphyria. House thinks he's going to get back together with his ex. He's wrong.
Charles S. Dutton (Seasons 2 & 3)
Character: Foreman's rather religious father.
R. Lee Ermey (Seasons 2 & 5)
Character: House's father. Except it later turns out that he wasn't actually House's father after all. But that doesn't stop him from grieving when he dies.
Diane Baker ( Seasons 2, 5 & 8 )
Character: House's mother. Things get weird when she finds someone new in the wake of her husband's death.
David Morse (Season 3)
Character: a clinic patient of House's who gets pissed off at the way House treats him, and because he's a detective, he proceeds to make House's life a living hell for several episodes.
Leighton Meester (Season 3)
Character: House's stalker. Actually, she only stalked him for two episodes, but it still technically counts.
Kadeem Hardison (Season 3)
Character: House's attorney while he's being taunted by David Morse's character
Fred Durst (Season 4)
Character: the bartender who took House's keys and forced him to ride the bus home, which subsequently wrecked and killed Amber (Anne Dudek), Wilson's girlfriend.
Lori Petty (Season 5)
Character: a patient involved in the Huntington's disease drug trials with Thirteen.
Andre Braugher (Season 6)
Character: House's therapist when he's doin' time at the Mayfield Psychiatric Hospital. The two end up bonding somewhat after House's release.
Cynthia Watros (Seasons 6 & 7)
Character: Wilson's first wife. They start dating again. It doesn't work out. Again.
Candice Bergen (Season 7)
Character: Cuddy's mother
Paula Marshall (Season 7)
Character: Cuddy's sister.
A troubled transgender girl whose confinement case has attracted national attention escaped from a Connecticut treatment program Tuesday and was found by police several hours later, state officials said.
The teenager, known only as Jane Doe, has been moved several times since a judge in April ordered her to be imprisoned without criminal charges at the request of the Department of Children and Families, who said she was too violent to remain in their custody. She was 16 at the time.
The teen, most recently held at a facility for delinquent boys, escaped Tuesday morning while attending her first day at a therapeutic program at the Institute of Living in Hartford, the agency said.
"This was part of the ongoing treatment that all involved agree that Jane Doe needs to overcome past trauma and the latest example of the agency's commitment to providing the necessary care for her," DCF said in a statement.
Local police and the Department of Children and Families searched the area throughout the day and found her on Park Street in Hartford shortly before 4 p.m. Tuesday, according police. Police said she would be interviewed and turned over to the proper state agency.
"We are relieved that she is not injured, and we want to thank the Hartford Police Department for their diligent and effective work," DCF spokesman Gary Kleeblatt said.
The teenager has suffered sexual abuse and has a range of mental health needs, according to her attorney. The child advocate's office says her life has been marked by years of institutional or hospital care, and the agency has identified her only generically as Jane Doe.
Since April, she has been relocated to several different detention facilities amid allegations she assaulted others and an outcry from supporters over the conditions of her confinement.
In May, she was moved from a mental health unit to another building at York Correctional Institution in East Lyme, where advocates complained that she was subject to solitary confinement damaging to her mental state. The Department of Children and Families denied she was in solitary confinement.
In June, fshe was moved to the Albert J. Solnit Children's Psychiatric Center, a Children and Families-run facility in Middletown.
In July, she was moved to Connecticut's juvenile home for boys after she was accused of assaulting another youth and a staff member. She was in a single room separated from the other residents at the Children's Psychiatric Center, the state's only secure facility for delinquent boys.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC Connecticut
EXCLUSIVE: Joe Johnston will be directing a $100 million-budgeted sci-fi film at Wanda's Qingdao Studios called Starfall. The project is being produced by Lorenzo Di Bonaventura, Erik Howsam and Infinity Pictures' Dede Nickerson. The film is being co-financed by Lionsgate, Wanda and Infinity Pictures, which is a China Media Capital-backed company.
Deadline found out about the project after Johnston and Lionsgate's Patrick Wachsberger joined Wanda chairman and CEO Wang Jianlin onstage last night during the presentation for the mega-studio facility and entertainment complex in the Eastern Chinese city of Qingdao.
Starfall, written by David Coggeshall, is an actioner that takes place on a space station. Johnston, of course, is a former VFX guy behind several Star Wars films who are adept and comfortable working on green screens. He previously directed Captain America: The First Avenger, Jumanji, Jurassic Park III, Honey, I Shrunk The Kids and, although not green screen, the wonderful 1999 film October Sky.
The new China studio boasts a 56,000-square-foot green screen stage that will be used in the production of the film.
Johnston is repped by Paradigm. Coggeshall, who scripted the horror film Solo which just wrapped shooting from Blumhouse and wrote the Black List script Star One, is repped by Paradigm and Writ Large.
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply. For more details, contact Shannon: pandapaws10@hotmail.com
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply. For more details, contact Crystal: cbialkowski@live.com
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply. For more details, contact Shannon: pandapaws10@hotmail.com
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply. For more details, contact Lia: Lia_kaupp@yahoo.com or Wanda: uninterestednu@aol.com
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply. For more details, contact Marisa: jimigranny@yahoo.com
SC Prissy is a 13 yr old cute, sweet black & tan girl that is housebroken. Prissy is spayed, up to date on shots, micro-chipped and has natural ears and long tail. She loves to be outside to sun, loves car rides and crate trained. Currently Prissy is about 4 lbs overweight but she is losing her weight slowly. She wants to be the center of attention so she would do best as an only dog.
If you are looking for a great lap dog, Prissy is the one! She will eat up all the attention you will give her!
Prissy is located in Jamestown, SC.
If you are interested in Prissy, please ask for her on your application!
"I am an elite member of the IMPS oldie but goodie club. Click HERE for special details about adopting me...."
IMPS Tag: 27670
UPDATED: 07/26/17 If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application
If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
For more details, contact Diane: impsdiane@gmail.com
SC Buster: 12 mth old black & rust male, neutered, undocked tail and uncropped ears. 13", 8 lb. Fully vetted. Found as a stray.
Buster is a 12 month old male puppy. He was found wandering the streets and after no owner could be found he was turned into rescue by the person who found him. He is now up to date on vaccinations, neutered, and micro-chipped. Buster is NOT housebroken, but does use potty pads. He will need someone experienced with house-training. He also will need some basic obedience training, which will be a required part of our adoption contract. Buster is super sweet, friendly and loving, but most of all still very much a puppy. Need I say more. Are you ready to devote the next 16 years of your life to this little nugget?
Note: Buster is located in Pelzer, SC - and we will not fly this boy.
IMPS Tag: 30883
ADD DATE: 02/24/19 If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application
If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
For more details, contact Linda: linda-patterson@att.net
SC
Zipper: 8 yr old red male, neutered, docked tail and cropped ears. 14". Fully vetted. Owner give-up.
Zipper is 8 years young, neutered, up to date on vaccinations, microchipped, heartworm negative and on prevention. Zipper is a very friendly happy boy, will kill toys with a squeaker in seconds, lol. He used to be a trucker's dog, but sadly when the driver retired he returned Zipper. Zipper is now looking for his forever home with someone who will love, cherish him and take care of him the rest of his life. He is very smart and learned the doggie door here in just a few hours. He is very inquisitive and alert. He cocks his head from side to side when you talk to him, and he even smiles! He is very vocal and will talk to you when he wants something. He is still very active and loves to run and play. If interested in meeting this handsome man or want to know more about him please contact his foster mom.
Note: Zipper is located in Charlotte, NC.
IMPS Tag: 23474
UPDATED: 10/12/18 If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application
If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
For more details, contact Linda: linda-patterson@att.net
SC
Sean Murphy: 6-8 yr old red male, neutered, docked tail and uncropped ears. 10", 12 lb. Fully vetted. Rescued from shelter.
Sean Murphy has the luck and looks of the Irish! He came in as a breeder release with no name and unused to kindness, but he is finding he loves it! He is hesitant, but a few kind words and a stroke on his chest or side, and you can just see his face open up to you. He's coming into his own - gaining much needed weight and nutrition, confidence and youthful energy. He now does the Minpin spring to go out and for food or treats, and will readily come when called, jump up on the lawn swing with me and just bask in attention! He is house-trained quickly on a schedule and keeps his crate & bed clean. He'll need an introduction to a leash, which we are starting. This is one sweet little man, a little shy, blooming with kind treatment, and gets along with other dogs. An adopter experienced in trust-building with a former Minpin breeder dog will be delighted with how easily he responds.
Note: Sean Murphy is located in Charlotte NC.
IMPS Tag: 30892
ADD DATE: 09/01/18 If you wish to adopt, please fill out our IMPS Min Pin Adoption Application
If you have previously submitted an Application form, there is no need to re-apply.
For more details, contact Diane: impsdiane@gmail.com
Image copyright Bonhams Image caption The painting depicts heavily armed agents about to be tricked by a small boy
A SWAT van spray painted by street artist Banksy has fetched more than £218,000 at auction.
Created in 2006, the work depicts a group of armed officers about to be tricked by a boy on one side and Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz on the other.
The "imposing object" has remained unseen since its only showing at Banksy's debut US exhibition.
Estimated to fetch between £200,000 and £300,000, it was sold for £218,500.
Described by the auctioneers as "one of his most important and arresting pieces", the "household gloss and spray paint on van" was sold along with a certificate of authenticity.
Image copyright Bonhams Image caption SWAT Van was described by the auctioneers as "one of his most important and arresting pieces"
A spokesman for Bonhams, said the work had been "acquired directly from the artist" by the vendor after it appeared as the "centrepiece" in Banksy's debut solo exhibition in America.
"It was shown for the first - and only time - in an industrial warehouse in downtown Los Angeles," he said.
Image copyright Bonhams Image caption The work was shown for the first - and only time - in an industrial warehouse in downtown Los Angeles in 2006
He added that Banksy's stencilling technique had been "artfully employed" on the SWAT van.
"His characteristic stencilling technique was inspired by an incident in which the artist was hiding from the police under a rubbish lorry, he noticed the stencilled serial number," he said.
"Stencilling has since allowed him to carry out complicated graffiti pieces extremely quickly, before he melts away into the night."
Announcing Meteor 1.4.3
Better core package versioning, upgrade to npm 4, and more
Sashko Stubailo Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 23, 2017
Meteor 1.4.2 was a landmark release that brought dramatically better incremental rebuild times for larger apps. Meteor 1.4.3 includes a number of incremental improvements in diverse parts of the platform, setting the stage for significant new features in 1.5.
This release, with the first stable version being 1.4.3.1 , stands out as one of the most community-driven releases ever, with over 250 commits from 26 different contributors.
Update now by typing the following in your console!
meteor update --release 1.4.3.1
Now, let's go over some of the more exciting improvements in this version.
Stricter version constraints on core packages
From the early days of Meteor until 1.4, a Meteor release pinned a specific set of exact versions of all of the core packages. This meant that you could be completely confident that using that release would give you the same package versions in every app, but made it impossible to ship incremental improvements to core packages without shipping a new release of the entire platform.
In Meteor 1.4, to enable faster bug fixes and community contributions, this constraint was relaxed, allowing potentially incompatible core packages to be installed at the developer's discretion. One consequence of this change was that merely running meteor update might give you significantly newer package versions than originally shipped with the release your app is using. Another drawback of relaxing version constraints was that updating to a new version of Meteor would not force any of your packages to be upgraded, even if those upgrades were important. While this change enabled much faster incremental improvements to core packages, it made it much harder to ensure Meteor's core packages would work well together.
In Meteor 1.4.3, this approach is refined so that core package versions in an app must now be patch-compatible with the versions specified by its Meteor release. That means you'll never get a different minor version of, say, the http package than the version that originally shipped with a release. This policy makes it much easier to be sure you're getting a reasonable combination of core packages when you update to a different Meteor release.
Upgrade to npm 4 and better ergonomics
Meteor comes with an internal specific version of npm. It's used to install dependencies of Atmosphere packages and also makes it easy for everyone developing your project to use exactly the same version of npm. You can use meteor npm ... to invoke this version of npm. For example, running meteor npm install in any project will install node_modules using this version of npm.
In 1.4.3, this npm has been updated to version 4.1.2. Learn the details about this npm release on GitHub.
As a bonus, you now have to type meteor npm install one less time — when you first type meteor create to initialize an app, we pre-install the dependencies so that you can meteor run right away.
Decoupling Accounts from Blaze
In Meteor 1.4, the Blaze UI system was decoupled from the core so that it could be community driven and move more quickly. Meteor developers now commonly use a diverse set of UI technologies, including Blaze, React, Angular, Vue, and others. This decoupling means it's possible now to use all the features of Meteor without including the Blaze library in your client bundle.
Until this release, various accounts integration packages, for example the facebook package, had a dependency on Blaze so that they could provide an initial configuration UI on top of accounts-ui . Through a great community effort and multiple PRs, these packages were split into two parts each. Instead of facebook there are now two packages: facebook-oauth , which implements authentication logic, and facebook-config-ui , which contains the Blaze-specific configuration interface. If you were previously using the facebook package (or github , Twitter , etc.), it will be automatically replaced with the new packages when you run meteor update .
These new packages should make it easier for developers using UI layers other than Blaze to build Meteor apps with smaller bundle sizes while still using the built-in authentication provider integrations.
This improvement particularly highlighted a collaboration between many community members, with lots of people stepping up to convert the different authentication packages provided by Meteor core. Check out the details below:
The full release notes and roadmap
As always, you can find the full release notes in History.md in the Meteor repository on GitHub. If you're interested in the current goals of the project, we have also been maintaining a Roadmap.md which is updated at least once a month to keep track of medium-term priorities.
What's next in Meteor 1.5?
President Donald Trump's surprise sacking of FBI Director James Comey dominated late-night monologues Wednesday night.
“It's been an historic day; we've reached a milestone as a nation,” Colbert told his Late Night viewers. It's not just that the president fired the head of the FBI. We apparently have elected a president who truly does not care what anything looks like.
“Firing Jim Comey really feels like Authoritarianism 101. Which, BTW, a very difficult class; the professor is a total Nazi.
“The question is, why did Trump do it? Now, while it looks like Trump fired James Comey to stop the Russia investigation – that is why,” Colbert said. “I'm pretty confident, because one thing we've learned from the last two years of Donald Trump is that what it seems like he's doing is exactly what he's doing. There's not a grand strategy, he's not some puppet master, some wizard playing three dimensional chess. He's playing Hungry Hungry Hippos.”
Comey found out he'd been sacked by seeing it on TV. “That's certainly on-brand; firing people on TV is Trump's qualification for being president,” Colbert joked.
In the letter Trump sent to Comey's office, he said this was not about Comey's Russia investigation in the letter firing Comey for the Russia investigation which, Colbert said, “is like carving your alibi in the murder weapon.”
“This investigation is not going to go away quietly,” Colbert said, calling Comey's firing unprecedented, with one exception, Colbert said, setting up all those clips of TV news pundits who already had made that observation.
One place that's not buying it: the Nixon library, which tweeted that Nixon never fired the director of the FBI.
“You know who else was shocked” by the reax to the firing, Colbert asked rhetorically, answering, “Donald Trump who thought this would be a win-win.”
But, Trump knows all his critics will come around, tweeting, “when things calm down they will be thanking me.”
“How should we thank him?” Colbert asked. “We should get him something special. How about a special prosecutor?”
[youtube=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q47sFg_WFus&w=620&h=340]
Related stories
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Blames Press For Making FBI Director Firing "So Complicated"
Donald Trump Details How Former FBI Director James Comey Said He's Not Under Investigation
Stephen Colbert Obtained Early Drafts Of Donald Trump Letter Firing FBI Director James Comey
What may be one of the sharpest confrontations of the probe into alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election is set for Washington today, and a Chicago congressman will play a leading role.
Scheduled to testify before the House Intelligence Committee is Donald Trump Jr., the president's son and a man whose name has surfaced in several ways in the ongoing investigation. Set to be a lead questioner of him is North Side Chicago Rep. Mike Quigley, who is expected to ask questions after Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the panel, has his chance.
The meeting will be behind closed doors. Washington sources say that while the session could end quickly if Trump balks at testifying, it could also easily run several hours.
Though Quigley declined comment, there is plenty to ask the president's namesake about.
One thing Democrats and perhaps some Republicans clearly would like to know more about is a meeting the younger Trump had with a prominent ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin at the National Rifle Association's annual convention last summer.
Then there's the session Trump, brother-in-law Jared Kushner and other campaign hands had with a Russian lawyer last June at Trump Tower. An email related to the event suggested it would deliver political dirt on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, but another email released by the lawyer's attorney says it instead was about ending sanctions imposed on Russia by the U.S. in 2012.
Washington insiders also expect the panel to probe Twitter communications between Trump Jr. and Wikileaks around the time that the latter released Clinton emails.
DARWIN users of matchmaking site AshleyMadison.com might be feeling a bit nervous after the website was hacked, with recent figures showing that 14.1 per cent of Top Enders are registered members.
The site allows married users to find a partner to cheat with, and Darwin has the highest number of users per capita, it has been revealed.
The site has more than 36 million global users, including more than one million Australians.
The hack was claimed by a group named “The Impact Team” and users are now at risk of having private information exposed following its hacking.
The hackers are also understood to have infiltrated other sites owned by AshleyMadison's company Avid Life Media (ALM), including Cougar Life and Established Men.
It is understood the hackers have accessed user profiles, financial records and even ALM salary information.
ALM chief executive Noel Biderman confirmed the hack, and said they were close to confirming who the “culprit” behind the hacking was.
“We're on the doorstep of (confirming) who we believe is the culprit, and unfortunately that may have triggered this mass publication,” he said. “It was definitely a person here that was not an employee but certainly had touched our technical services.”
(Editor's note: Colin Flaherty has done more reporting than any other journalist on what appears to be a nationwide trend of skyrocketing black-on-white crime, violence and abuse. WND features these reports to counterbalance the virtual blackout by the rest of the media due to their concerns that reporting such incidents would be inflammatory or even racist. WND considers it racist not to report racial abuse solely because of the skin color of the perpetrators or victims.) Videos linked or embedded may contain foul language and violence.
The latest case of black-mob violence in Chicago is far from the worst. We'll get to that one in a minute.
But when a mob of black people rushed into three Chicago-area Sports Authority stores this week and rushed out dragging entire racks of winter clothing, the local CBS affiliate dubbed that “unbelievable.”
CNN said the videos were “shocking.”
Not really: “That crime was only unbelievable or shocking to the reporters who spend all their time ignoring and denying black mob violence,” said one Chicago cop, who would rather keep his job than be identified as a source of stories on racial violence. “More organized, yes. Unbelievable? Hardly. Not to anyone who knows anything about the epic level of black-mob violence and black-on-white crime in this city.”
Black mobs routinely terrorize cities across the country, but the media and government are silent. Read the detailed account of rampant racial crime in “White Girl Bleed A Lot: The Return of Racial Violence to America and How the Media Ignore It.”
First the heist. The CBS affiliate reports:
Unbelievable surveillance video captured flash mobs dashing into store after store and running out with armloads and sometimes entire racks of sporting goods. It has happened at three different Sports Authority stores in the Chicago area.
The video shows the mob dragging the racks out together in what can only be called a choreographed fashion: Linking them together and rolling them like a freight train through the nearby exit and out to a parking lot.
The thieves targeted clothes and knocked over one employee who tried to interfere. Other than that, no one was hurt.
This heist was comic relief compared to an episode of black-mob violence and rape involving three teenage girls in October. This week, police arrested the ninth black suspect in connection with the rape, kidnapping, drugging and assault. The Chicago Tribune picked up the story:
The girls were walking in the 700 block of North Parkside Avenue in the Austin neighborhood about 9:45 p.m. Oct. 19 when a 1999 Chevrolet van approached, according to police and prosecutors. As the van parked outside of a liquor store, two suspects exited and started to talk to the girls. Later, the victims agreed to get into the van and left with them. The attackers had the girls sit on their laps and then gave the two 16-year-old victims alcohol and marijuana, prosecutors said. Prosecutors said at least two of the people took turns driving while the girls were assaulted. Meanwhile, the girl who did not drink the alcohol or smoke the marijuana “fought to protect” the other girls, screaming and pounding the walls of the van, according to court records and prosecutors. Prosecutors provided more detail about the state of the two girls who were given the alcohol and marijuana in the van. They said one of the girls was “extremely intoxicated” and could not hold her head up. One of the girls had a blood alcohol content of .237, according to prosecutors. Police found that girl unconscious and partially dressed in a suspect's basement, lying in a pool of her own vomit, prosecutors said.
Several of the assaults were captured on cell-phone videos recorded by the suspects.
As graphic as the Tribune's coverage of the violence was, it was tame compared to the details in other Chicago area blogs: Crime in Chicago did not shy away from presenting a fuller picture of the violence:
Angered at her screams, Robinson held the 15-year-old down while another suspect punched her in the face until she became quiet. Still restrained, she was sexually assaulted and then kicked out of the van because she continued yelling. As she fell out, she managed to pull her 16-year-old sister out with her, even though the attackers tried yanking them back inside. The second 16-year-old remained in the van as the sisters ran, knocked on doors and screamed for help. The suspects drove to Durham's home. The girl was unconscious so Johnson and Price picked her up and carried her into Durham's home where Price then sexually assaulted her. Three witnesses who happened to be driving in the area called police after seeing the commotion and the sisters as they escaped from the van.
The Tribune does not usually identify suspects by race. Even if the crime is part of a pattern. Even if the race of the suspects will help identify them. Even if the paper reports every day on other race-related stories about black caucuses, black churches, black colleges, black TV, black radio and on and on.
Everything except black-mob violence.
Tribune editors and columnists spend more time explaining why they do not report on racial violence in Chicago then actually reporting it. And for readers who wonder why the Trib is so heavily invested in ignoring and denying the epidemic of black-mob violence in Chicago, the Trib's Steve Chapman has an answer: You are a racist for even asking.
“There are good reasons not to identify the attackers by race. It's the newspaper's sound general policy not to mention race in a story, whether about crime or anything else, unless it has some clear relevance to the topic. “My question to readers accusing us of political correctness is: Why do you care so much about the attackers' race? If you fear or dislike blacks, I suppose it would confirm your prejudice. But otherwise, it tells you nothing useful.”
When readers try to comment on racial violence, black-mob violence or black-on-white crime, the Tribune – like many other papers around the country – either removes the comments or does not run them at all.
“In certain circumstances, we will take down entire comment boards,” said the paper.
The Tribune disabled comments for the several stories on the West Side rapists.
Black mobs routinely terrorize cities across the country, but the media and government are silent. Read the detailed account of rampant racial crime in “White Girl Bleed A Lot: The Return of Racial Violence to America and How the Media Ignore It.”
See a trailer for “White Girl Bleed a Lot”:
Bacillus atrophaeus is a species of black-pigmented bacteria. Its type strain is NRRL NRS-213.[1] B. atrophaeus strains have been used extensively in biomedicine as indicator strains for heat- and chemical-based decontamination regimens. Most of the strains in use are derivatives of a lineage of B. atrophaeus that originated at Camp Detrick in the 1950s, where many modern biocontainment procedures were developed.[2][3][4] B. atrophaeus has historically been known by several other names, including B. globigii (the origin of its military moniker "BG") and B. subtilis var. niger. Modern phylogenetic analyses using multiple genetic methods have placed B. atrophaeus close to B. subtilis.[3][5][6] Its original and still most prominent use is as a surrogate organism for pathogenic B. anthracis,[6] beginning in the U.S. bio-weapons program, as its pigmentation readily facilitated discrimination from non-pigmented background organisms in environmental samples. Subsequent genomic and phenotypic analysis of strains derived from the Camp Detrick isolates revealed that they had been deliberately selected for strains that exhibited elevated rates of sporulation.[3][7]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Four down, 12 to go.
The Golden State Warriors have been the best team in the league all season. But that was the case last year too. And as we saw in The 2016 Finals, being the best team doesn't matter if you don't finish the job.
After sweeping the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round and getting a full week off, the Warriors will face the only team that has beat them in the last seven weeks (20 games).
The Utah Jazz have taken a big step forward this season, with an improved offense, improved depth, an better record in close games, and a Game 7 win on the road. A series vs. the Warriors is another opportunity for growth.
Who will prevail in the Warriors-Jazz series?
If they're going to be more than a speed bump on the Warriors' path back to The Finals, they'll need to slow down the No. 1 offense of the regular season or score against the No. 1 defense of the first round.
Here are some statistical notes to get you ready for Warriors-Jazz, with links to let you dive in and explore more.
Pace = Possessions per 48 minutes
OffRtg = Points scored per 100 possessions
DefRtg = Points allowed per 100 possessions
NetRtg = Point differential per 100 possessions
Golden State Warriors (67-15)
First round: Beat Portland in four games.
Pace: 104.9 (1)
OffRtg: 114.6 (3)
DefRtg: 96.3 (1)
NetRtg: +18.3 (1)
Regular season: Team stats | Advanced splits | Player stats | Player shooting | Lineups
vs. Utah: Team stats | Advanced splits | Player stats | Player shooting | Lineups
Playoffs: Team stats | Advanced splits | Player stats | Player shooting | Lineups
Bitcoin's price has been booming in the last two years (with some recent hiccups). This must mean that the cryptocurrency is becoming ubiquitous at online retailers, right?
Wrong. According to a new Morgan Stanley report, via Bloomberg, only three out of 500 largest online merchants accept Bitcoin.
And it's not growing either. That number is down from five retailers last year.
The report doesn't say which three retailers accept Bitcoin, but it's not very hard to guess—one is likely Overstock, which has been strongly advocating Bitcoin since 2014. But the largest online stores—Amazon, Wal-Mart, Apple—still do not accept direct payments with any cryptocurrency.
This sounds counterintuitive. Bitcoin's original promise is that of a decentralized currency and an automated payment system that's fast, secure, and has ridiculously small fees. Its market cap grew from $4 to $40 billion in two years, which implies that retailers are coming on board. But they're not, and they had several good reasons not to.
As pointed out in the Bloomberg article, the volatility of Bitcoin's price does not suit retailers (or owners), nor do the rising transaction fees. The former is largely a result of all the speculative trading with Bitcoin, and the latter are caused by the limitations of Bitcoin's blockchain, which can currently only process a low number of transactions, roughly 2-3 per second. Since miners (users who provide the computing power for the network) can choose which transactions to process, transactions with a higher cost now have a much better chance to go through.
This issue has turned into a raging debate that may be solved on August 1, when a big part of the Bitcoin community will attempt to adopt the proposed SegWit2x upgrade, which increases the size of blockchain blocks (from 1MB to 2MB) and increases the volume of transactions per block.
Ideally, this should make the Bitcoin payment network faster while also lowering the transaction fees. But not everyone is on board, and a failed adoption could result in a so-called hard fork, which would split Bitcoin into two separate cryptocoins.
This is important, as it probably gives retailers (investors, too, but that's another matter) pause before they decide to adopt Bitcoin. Just look at this notice from the Bitcoin foundation, warning that all retailers should stop accepting Bitcoin payments a day or two before August 1 due to the possible disappearance of Bitcoin and the likelihood of "significant price fluctuations."
First SegWit transaction on Litecoin!https://t.co/QTJAMDlC8s — Charlie Lee (@SatoshiLite) May 10, 2017
Other cryptocurrencies, such as Litecoin, are poised to take over in case Bitcoin fails. Litecoin has notably already adopted the similar SegWit upgrade and has no issues with scalability or rising transaction fees, but it's less used than Bitcoin and even fewer online retailers accept it.
On the flip side, if SegWit2X adoption goes as planned and Bitcoin emerges faster and more future-proof, it could be an incentive for retailers to finally give the green light to Bitcoin payments.
Disclosure: The author of this text owns, or has recently owned, a number of cryptocurrencies, including BTC, LTC and ETH.
Monty Hall, who co-created and hosted the game show “Let's Make A Deal” for nearly 40 years, died of heart failure Saturday at his home in Beverly Hills, Calif. He was 96.
“Let's Make a Deal” premiered in 1963 and has been a staple of television ever since.
CBS, which revived the show in 2009 with comedian Wayne Brady as host, called Hall “a television legend.”
“Monty's infectious enthusiasm, humor and warmth were a winning combination that was evident to everyone he encountered, whether returning to make appearances on the current version of ‘Let's Make a Deal,' or gracing us with his presence at a photo shoot celebrating CBS Daytime earlier this year,” said Angelica McDaniel, CBS' executive VP of daytime programs and syndicated program development. “On screen, Monty made the ‘Big Deals,' but in the game of life, he himself was one.”
Hall hosted various game shows and other programs in his early career until he developed “Let's Make a Deal” with creative partner Stefan Hatos. The show became legendary for encouraging audience members to dress up in outlandish costumes in order to attract Hall's attention in the hopes of being given the opportunity to win big.
Related Marilyn Hall, Emmy-Winning Producer and Wife of Monty Hall, Dies at 90 Wayne Brady: What It's Like to Join the 'Hamilton' Phenomenon
“Deal's” format revolves around allowing contestants to compete for prizes that they then have the chance to trade up for more valuable prizes albeit with the risk of losing it all with a “zonk,” or a booby prize. Hall famously at the end of each episode tempted contestants with the “Big Deal” option of choosing a prize package hidden behind “Door No. 1, Door No. 2 or Door No. 3.”
Hall and Hatos produced several other game shows under their production company through the 1970s and '80s. Hall continued to host “Let's Make a Deal” for nearly 5,000 episodes, as the show traveled from NBC to ABC to primetime in syndication and CBS.
“Deal” became so ingrained in pop culture that it spawned “The Monty Hall Problem,” a thought experiment in probability that involves three doors, two goats, and a prize.
Hall received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1973, and, as a Canadian native, was named to the Order of Canada in 1988.
Born Monte Halparin, he was raised in an Orthodox Jewish family in Winnipeg, where he started his career in radio.
He is survived by three children: actress Joanna Gleason, who confirmed his death; TV exec Sharon Hall; and TV producer Richard Hall, in addition to a brother and five grandchildren. His wife Marilyn died in June.
Want smart analysis of the most important news in your inbox every weekday along with other global reads, interesting ideas and opinions to know? Sign up for the Today's WorldView newsletter.
Brexit has begun, and British Prime Minister Theresa May now faces the unenviable task of settling her nation's divorce from the European Union while also figuring out how to make up for the potentially ruinous costs of the break.
A first step of sorts took place Thursday when May's government published plans to convert thousands of E.U. laws into British ones — what my colleague Karla Adam describes as “a gigantic 'cut and paste' job, repatriating 40 years of powers from Brussels to London.” Dubbed the “Great Repeal Bill,” the move is a bid by British leaders to calm the justifiable fears of millions of Britons — and European nationals living in the country — who are worried about Brexit's effect on their daily lives.
But it's Brexit supporters who may be in line for a real shock. Even beyond the coming “traumatic” loss of access to the E.U.'s market — as the Economist put it — the promise of a politically resurgent Britain is likely to fall flat.
Much of the rhetoric of the pro-Brexit crowd centers around the reclamation of British “sovereignty” from technocrats in Brussels. But Brexit proponents have also projected a nostalgic vision of Britain once more asserting itself as a dominant player on the world stage. May trumpeted the dawn of a new “Global Britain” earlier this year: a nation shorn of its continental commitments and capable of finding new accommodation with other parts of the world — especially those it once colonized.
The ironically named 'Commonwealth' helps rehabilitate the image of the British Empire and deny its numerous genocides. — Crimes of Britain (@crimesofbrits) March 14, 2017
“Outside the E.U., the world is our oyster, and the Commonwealth the pearl within,” the far-right, pro-Brexit United Kingdom Independence Party declared ahead of last year's referendum. Earlier this month, it emerged that May's government is seeking to boost trade links to many of the nations of the Commonwealth — particularly in Africa — in a move labeled by some anonymous government officials as “Empire 2.0.”
And Liam Fox, charged with rebuilding these links as Britain's international trade secretary, suggested that his country had little to atone for in its imperial past.
"The United Kingdom, is one of the few countries in the European Union that does not need to bury its 20th century history" #scc16 — Dr Liam Fox MP (@LiamFoxMP) March 4, 2016
Brits are hardly alone in harboring delusions of empire — consider, for example, the colonial nostalgia of France's far-right nationalists or the Ottomania of Turkey's ruling party. But the fantasy of Britain's past collides almost farcically against Britain's present.
Never mind that Britain's empire was a precursor to the forces of globalization and migration that the Brexiteers so profoundly resent.
Never mind that Brexit will “be a considerable blow to Commonwealth nations that export to Britain,” as the Financial Times reported: “Thirty-two Commonwealth countries, mainly in Africa and the Caribbean, are covered by free-trade agreements with the E.U. These states therefore enjoy duty-free and quota-free access to the E.U. for nearly all their goods. . . . Once the UK is out of the E.U., these countries will end up paying $800m a year in additional duties to access the UK market, according to an analysis by the Commonwealth Secretariat.”
The reality is that many Commonwealth nations simply don't need Britain. Australian exports to its former colonial ruler amounted to just 1.4 percent of its total outgoing trade. Canada, which shares a huge land border with the United States, will always look south, not east. India, once the jewel in Britain's imperial crown, has an economy already roughly the same size as Britain's; Indian moguls now own some of Britain's most iconic companies.
“In anglophone Africa, the game is already up,” British historian David Olusoga noted in the Guardian. “The motorbikes on the freeways of Accra and Lagos are Chinese, assembled by local mechanics from kits shipped direct from Shandong. West Africa's new convenience food is Chinese instant noodles, not fish and chips, and the supermarkets that sell them are South African-owned. Many anglophone Africans still have deep emotional, economic and often familial links to Britain, but those with money are now as keen to holiday in Dubai as London.”
“Brexit is rooted in imperial nostalgia and myths of British exceptionalism, coming up as they have — especially since 2008 — against the reality that Britain is no longer a major world power,” British academic Tom Whyman wrote in a withering column. “Those most under the spell of imperial nostalgia have now become the sorcerers themselves, having somehow managed to conjure up a mandate to transform Britain in their image.”
When not articulating wistful aspirations of empire, Brexit's champions appeal to that other bulwark of British patriotism: the legacy of Winston Churchill and his generation's defeat of the Nazis. When questioned in January about whether Britain could manage the chaos of a divorce with Europe, Brexit secretary David Davis harrumphed: “Our civil service can cope with World War Two, they can easily cope with this.”
Britain starved 4 million to death in India, perpetrated countless massacres, looted trillions in property/resources all in the 20th century https://t.co/kB5ijJosx9 — Crimes of Britain (@crimesofbrits) March 6, 2017
43% of Brits think the Empire was a good thing,as Brexit nostalgia suggests.These atrocities from last century ONLY.https://t.co/bRR5ia24rT — John O'Brennan (@JohnOBrennan2) March 24, 2017
The coming months will test the bravado and bluster of figures like Davis. Britain's memories of past triumphs and world-spanning power may make for easy political rhetoric, but they don't stand up to the actual history. Many have now noted how little Britain's real imperial legacy — one of conquest and abuse, coercion and exploitation — is actually remembered.
“For a Martian historian, the most interesting thing about modern British history would surely be that the country built a massive global empire,” wrote columnist Gideon Rachman. “But for the Brits themselves, shaping a national story that centers around the war against the Nazis — rather than the empire — makes psychological sense. It has allowed Britain to nurture a national self-image as champions of freedom and plucky underdogs . . . rather than imperialist oppressors.”
Recognizing that history, Rachman suggested, would be a good start if “May truly wants to forge a future for a ‘global Britain.' ”
Want smart analysis of the most important news in your inbox every weekday along with other global reads, interesting ideas and opinions to know? Sign up for the Today's WorldView newsletter.
London, England (CNN) -- Former British prime minister Tony Blair on Friday rejected claims that he had struck a secret deal with U.S. President George W. Bush in 2002 pledging British backing for the invasion of Iraq.
Testifying in front of the inquiry into the UK's participation in the U.S.-led war against Saddam Hussein's regime in 2003, Blair said he had stated publicly that Iraq needed to be confronted over its ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction.
But Blair had told Bush that he would be "with him" when the pair met at the U.S. president's Texas ranch in April 2002, he said.
"What I was saying -- I was not saying this privately incidentally, I was saying it in public -- was 'We are going to be with you in confronting and dealing with this threat,' Blair told the inquiry, headed by former civil servant John Chilcot.
"The one thing I was not doing was dissembling in that position. The position was not a covert position, it was an open position."
Blair said that plans for how Iraq should be governed after the invasion had failed to foresee the destabilizing roles played by Iran and al Qaeda, nor problems with Iraq's civil service.
On the matter of the legal basis for the invasion, Blair said U.N. resolution 1441 authorized military action in Iraq without a further resolution -- but admitted "there was always a case either way" and said a second resolution would have been "preferable politically."
"But in the end, we got to the point in the middle of March where frankly we had to decide," Blair said. "We were going either to back away or we were going to go forward and I decided, for the reasons that I've given, that we should go forward."
Several hundred anti-war protesters gathered outside the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre, opposite the Houses of Parliament in central London, to mark Blair's appearance at the inquiry, chanting "Blair lied, thousands died!" and "Tony Blair! War criminal!"
Mock pallbearers wearing Blair masks carried a black coffin. Some in the crowd wore "Jail Tony" T-shirts and toted signs saying "Stop the War," "Troops out of Afghanistan." and "Bliar," a deliberate misspelling of his name.
Left-wing lawmaker George Galloway said that Blair's actions in Iraq were "more terrible than the crimes of Macbeth" and called on the former prime minister to "commit hari-kiri in front of the world" on the steps of the conference center.
Protesters call for Blair to face war crimes charges
Relatives of the 179 British troops killed in Iraq were among those admitted to the public gallery.
Blair said he believed "beyond doubt" his controversial pre-war claim that Iraq was capable of launching chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes and said concern over Iraq's ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction had been the main factor behind Britain's decision to back the war.
But he admitted Washington and London had different views, with the U.S. favoring regime change to overthrow Saddam Hussein as the main justification for war.
The 45-minute claim was made in Blair's preface to an intelligence document that came out in September 2002 and detailed the threat posed by Iraq. The document, Blair said, was "clear" in backing up the claim he made in the preface.
"If you go back to that time, if you read the executive summary and the information that follows, I can't see how you can come to a different conclusion," Blair said of evidence for the 45-minute claim.
British media quickly highlighted the claim and it filled the headlines of British newspapers the next day. But no significant caches of chemical or biological weapons have been found in Iraq since the invasion.
The former prime minister denied he had inserted the 45-minute claim to make the intelligence document seem more important.
Blair said he not only believed the claim was true, but he also worried about the possibility that it wasn't true -- and he had to act on that concern.
"Supposing we put it the other way around and it was correct, and I wasn't going to act on it. That was the thing that was worrying me," Blair said.
"Your worry is not simply, 'Is the intelligence correct so that I can act?'" he added. "Your worry is also if it is correct, what am I going to do about it?"
Earlier, Blair told the inquiry he had been "determined" to stand "shoulder to shoulder" with the U.S. despite their differing opinions over the reasons why war was necessary.
"The Americans, in a sense, were saying, 'We're for regime change 'cause we don't trust he's ever going to give up his WMD ambitions,'" Blair said.
"We were saying, 'We have to deal with his WMD ambitions. If that means regime change, so be it.'"
Blair said that the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the U.S. had changed attitudes in both London and Washington towards how Saddam Hussein's regime should be handled.
"Up to September 11 we thought he was a risk, but we thought it was worth trying to contain it," Blair testified.
"The crucial thing after 9/11 is that the calculus of risk changed... After September 11, if you were a regime engaged in WMD (weapons of mass destruction), you had to stop."
Blair told the inquiry that he had considered the 9/11 attacks to be an attack on the UK as well as the U.S.
"I said I would stand shoulder to shoulder with them. We did that in Afghanistan, and I was determined to do that again" in Iraq, Blair said.
In an interview aired last month on the BBC, Blair sparked controversy by indicating he would have gone to war even if Saddam had been found to have no WMD, or weapons of mass destruction.
Blair said Friday that Iraqi citizens were "actually upbeat about the future" and said a "majority think security and services are getting better."
"It's too early to say right now whether the democracy will take root and function effectively," but there were "hopeful signs," he said.
‘This is the first time I have started pre-season and for me this is very, very important,' Oscar says with a smile appearing on his face. He is speaking to the official Chelsea website at the conclusion of a first full day in Canada which contained two extensive training sessions.
‘It is important to stay with the family and friends and the full holiday for me this time is very important because for five years I didn't have that holiday, and in the last three years I played more than 200 games and this is a lot.'
Indeed Jose Mourinho highlighted back in May the potential benefit for the young playmaker, stating: ‘Oscar is a fabulous player but he's never had a pre-season in his life. He's always been playing in tournaments everywhere, he's never had a rest. Now, because he's injured he's not going to the Copa America and I have a feeling that next year Oscar can have the same kind of evolution as [Eden] Hazard had this season.'
‘I think the same,' the player confirms when asked about his manager's belief that rest will do much good.
‘I want to play better and I want to score more goals and to play my best football, because I know my quality and I know for sure I can make this season better than last season, and last season was a good season because we were champions and won two competitions. I want to be champion in more competitions this season.'
WASHINGTON — The United States is rushing 1,000 antitank rockets to the Iraqi military to help combat the massive suicide vehicle bombs that Islamic State militants used in capturing the provincial capital of Ramadi, a first step as the Obama administration weighs a range of difficult options to help its beleaguered ally.
The deployment of the weapons, expected to arrive in early June after Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi of Iraq asked for them during a visit to Washington last month, comes as the defeated Iraqi security forces regroup outside the city. A senior State Department official said Wednesday that Iraqis were “licking their wounds a bit” as they worked with American advisers to begin planning a counterattack.
Obama administration officials have called the fall of Ramadi a huge setback, but they have sought to quell critics in the region and on Capitol Hill by portraying the defeat as a temporary blow that will not change the overall strategy for fighting the Islamic State or lessen the administration's support of Mr. Abadi's government.
Still, a day after Mr. Obama gathered his national security team to discuss the latest developments in Iraq and how to retake Ramadi, officials across the government expressed dismay at the rapid collapse of the Iraqi security forces in Ramadi and the tough decisions ahead. The Islamic State is at the same time making substantial gains across the border in Syria.
Work on a regional connection for Bay Area commuters is quickly taking shape. With much of the construction on the Transbay Terminal completed underground, we're finally seeing it rise above street level.At First and Mission streets in San Francisco commuters are watching an icon rise, one that might actually make their trip into San Francisco easier someday. "You absolutely get a feel for what that experience is going to be when the transit center opens in late 2017," Dennis Turchon said.Turchon is senior project manager of the $1.1 billion new Transbay Terminal project.It is designed to be the Grand Central Station of the west, a hub for Bay Area transit.Regional bus lines will carry commuters to and from the city on the upper levels, while underground Caltrain and high speed rail will bring commuters up the Penisula."We've poured almost 100,000 cubic yards of concrete in the last year for the train box," Turchon said.Last August ABC7 News showed viewers where the trains would arrive underground. Now, that area is covered by concrete and from above you can see the rest of the station going up. When it's complete, it will be the size of two Transamerica Pyramid buildings laid side by side with a 5-acre public park on top. "It's basically a super-sized structure, you know it's like one of the world's heaviest, you know four story buildings," Sean McNeill Thorton Tomasetti said.Thorton Tomasetti is with structural engineering firm on the site and says building something this big in earthquake prone California is a challenge. "One of the principal goals of this structure was to provide a building that was going to be green tagged, you know after a large earthquake, essentially to be allowed open immediately for operation, you know with buses running on the second level," he said.Work in the blocks surrounding the center has ramped up too. "Right behind us is that new bus ramp that's going to come from the Bay Bridge into the transit center at the bus deck level," Thorton Tomasetti said.Those new ramps will be connected to the terminal by a suspension bridge over Howard Street, a gateway for those in a car or on a bus.Construction above ground is moving quickly and the structure is expected to cross over Fremont Street by the end of the summer.
Fox is rethinking its midseason schedule, and it's not a huge vote of confidence for comedies The Mindy Project and Dads.
Both series will go on hiatus in early winter, and, beginning Feb. 25, Glee will get an earlier than expected spring premiere in its old time slot of 8 p.m. on Tuesdays. The only series that won't move in the current two-hour comedy block is New Girl, which will continue to air at 9 p.m.
PHOTOS: 81 of Fall TV's Biggest Stars
As for freshman comedy Brooklyn Nine-Nine, the relatively strong performer will move to the post-New Girl 9:30 p.m. slot starting Feb. 4. The duo have both been outperforming Tuesday neighbors Dads and The Mindy Project considerably. The news comes just a few weeks after Fox announced full-season pick-ups for Brooklyn and Dads.
Mindy will return on April 1 with an hourlong premiere following the end of Brooklyn's freshman season. It will return to its 9:30 p.m. time slot the following week. The word is still out on Dads. Seth MacFarlane's lackluster foray into live-action comedy has been the lowest performer of Fox's freshman class, and after Feb. 11, the network has no formal plans for when further episodes will air.
The moves mean nothing for midseason drama Rake, still set to premiere in Glee's current Thursday slot on Jan. 23. As for The Following, last season's strong drama entry gets a tweaked schedule return on Sunday, Jan 19. Like the network just did with Almost Human, it will bank on a post-NFL boost, and the NFC Championship Game should prove as big a lead-in as any the network can offer in the coming months.
'Brooklyn Nine-Nine' Gets Full-Season Pickup at Fox
Fox's comedies have been plagued with ratings woes of late. Despite being one of TV's biggest DVR growers, flagship New Girl has hit a series low of just a 1.7 rating among adults 18-49 during its last two airings. And The Mindy Project pulled just a 1.2 rating in the key demo on Nov. 19.
Glee hasn't fared particularly well in its Thursday slot this season, either. Barring the 81 percent surge when the Ryan Murphy series paid tribute to late castmember Cory Monteith on Oct. 10, it has also hit series lows -- pulling just a 1.4 rating with its most recent airing.
Fox entertainment chairman Kevin Reilly has been vocal about his desire to have the network be a home to a two-hour comedy block, but success has thus far eluded him. New Girl and The Mindy Project were the only carryovers from last year's Tuesday launch, with Ben & Kate suffering a midseason cancelation and Raising Hope moving off to a new comedy locale on Friday. Initial returns for the latter averaged just a 0.7 rating in the demo.
Fuel is built on an open world platform and should be a solid arcade style racing game to round out your collection of octane sports. It offers the world's largest racing environment created from satellite data and benefits from some cutting edge technology. You can pretty much go wherever you want using multitudes of all terrain vehicles 24 hours a day. The elements also come in to play with tornados, sandstorms, blizzards and snow to keep things interesting. Basically, the competition takes the form of checkpoint races, circuit races and raid races. Every vehicle has built-in GPS with a heads-up display with real time routing information.
Release dates have been a little bit of a moving target but here's what we know. It looks like the UK version for the PS3 and XBOX will be available June 5th, with the PC version coming out shorly thereafter. In the US, Gamestop is still listing June 2nd as the release date while Amazon is sticking with the original date of May 26th. In any case, the game should be available sometime within the next week. It's pretty amazing that Codemasters has been able to keep within the original window of release dates based on the aggressive task they set out to accomplish. Check out the video trailer and image gallery after the jump:
Source: Fuel Game | Joystiq
Photo by Neil Lupin/Getty Images
Are you ready for some shopping?
That could be the subtext of Katy Perry's half-time show during Sunday's Super Bowl, as she pitches a range of merchandise over social media.
The singer, partnering with Universal Music Group and half-time sponsor Pepsi, will promote and sell Perry-branded items on Twitter, YouTube, Shazam, and Internet-linked devices from Roku, Samsung and LG Electronics, according to a report from Variety.
Twitter users who include @Visa and @Pepsi in their tweets will be able to buy Perry's merchandise by clicking on the social media network's Buy Now function.
Perry fans jonesing for Perry paraphernalia can also buy her whatnots by turning to the singer's Vevo channel on YouTube or using the Shazam smartphone app to track her songs during the live half-time performance. Beyond that, shoppers can press the remotes for their Roku set-top boxes and "certain" Internet-connected TVs from Samsung and LG, according to Variety.
Advertisers and marketers are looking for new and potentially better ways to tap into the Super Bowl's enormous viewership -- the game is expected to be watched by 184 million Americans on Sunday -- while also skirting the huge costs of advertising. Social media campaigns have the potential of generating massive buzz for substantially less money than TV ads costing $4.5 million for 30-second slots. Marketing campaigns that revolve around social media have the added benefit of ramping up viewer engagement with tweets, posts and -- now -- the chance to buy merchandise tied to the game's half-time performance.
Last year, advertisers got six times the social mentions on the day of the game. Facebook reported 50 million people posted about the event on its social network, Twitter reported more than 24.1 million tweets about the game, the ads and the halftime show.
Super Bowl fans also tend watch the game using both their big-screen TVs and their mobile devices. Almost half of smartphone and tablet owners are likely to use apps while they are watching the game. And a third of those will be posting or reading their social media feeds, according to a survey conducted by analytics company Soasta.
Universal Media Group and Pepsi did not immediately respond to an email and phone call sent after business hours asking to confirm the half-time arrangements.
Woman blames Chick-Fil-A drink for deadly crime spree Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
COBB COUNTY, GA (WCMH) -- The woman claims a spiked drink from Chick-Fil-A caused her to go on a deadly crime spree.
According to WSB, Kristie Nesby, 43, is accused of robbery and later running over and killing Luci Turner, 71, who was walking to work, well off the roadway.
Nesby told a judge Wednesday, that a spiked drink she received from a Chick-Fil-A caused her actions.
According to Prosecutors, during her crime spree, Nesby called 911 and admitted to what she had done, seemingly wanting to stop.
"She said that she planned to turn herself in so she would be arrested so she wouldn't hurt any more people. So she, in her own mind, was talking about the fear that she would commit more crimes if she wasn't stopped," prosecutor Jesse Evans told WSB.
Nesby has been ordered to undergo a medical evaluation and toxicology results are still pending.
Whoa: NBC has hired Howard Stern as the new judge of the summer competition series America's Got Talent.
The broadcaster announced Thursday morning that the popular radio shock-jock will critique its eclectic talent show, replacing Piers Morgan, who left to focus on his CNN interview program. Production on Got Talent will move to New York City, where Stern will continue to conduct his SiriusXM radio program (so not only did Stern get the job, he got the whole show to come to him).
Stan Honda/Getty Images
“Howard Stern's larger-than-life personality will bring a thrilling new dynamic to America's Got Talent starting this summer,” explained NBC alternative programming head Paul Telegdy. “He's a proven innovator and his track record in broadcasting is truly remarkable. Howard is very passionate about this show and is fully committed to its future success.”
Stern's name has been batted around for broadcast reality shows before (there was a rumor he was once considered for American Idol), but the question has been whether advertisers would be put-off by the inclusion of the irrepressible radio host.
On his radio show, Sternsaid: “I take judging very seriously … in order to up my credibility, I will wear a suit.” Watch Stern announce and celebrate the deal on his show.
UPDATE: Parents group slams NBC for hiring Howard Stern: ‘Act of desperation'
Read more:
Is Howard Stern a good fit for ‘America's Got Talent'?
Howard Stern in talks for ‘America's Got Talent'
Piers Morgan leaving ‘America's Got Talent'
. .
« Media thoughts coming off UFC conference call (and UFC 100 buyrate discussion) | Home | Sengoku 8/2 Saitama Super Arena »
By Zach Arnold | July 31, 2009
When I wrote an article a couple of days ago stating the intentions of what a lot of MMA writers and media types displayed in regards to getting Fedor into UFC, I pointed out statements that displayed what their admitted intentions were. Remember this quote?
I'm more than willing to be a pawn in these negotiations if it means we see Fedor vs. Brock in the UFC.
The intentions were made very clear here.
Now there's an attempt to shift the focus using a sleight-of-hand, hoping you don't catch the difference.
Facing heat both online and during a radio interview, Carmichael Dave of KHTK 1140 Hot Talk in Sacramento is on the defensive. It was Dave's ‘report' on what UFC allegedly offered Fedor that helped various activists claim that they would put pressure on Fedor to sign with the UFC and that if he didn't sign that there would be ‘pure viciousness' from online fans towards him.
Carmichael Dave went on Sherdog to answer questions from fans online since he basically took the bait from a UFC source to push the ‘contract rumors' that the company had allegedly offered Fedor. A forum member asked:
“Lets stop beating around the bush here Mr. Dave. Was you source UFC ‘management' or not? And do you believe you were used as a tool to carry out their propoganda? The fans deserve an answer.”
Here is how Dave responded:
“I will answer your second question, I cannot answer your first. Of course there was a bit of “using” and propoganda involved. The info put out there was not an accident. No one got high on drugs and fed me the info. They knew who I was, and it was very clear what I would do with the info when I got it. My concern isnt their agenda. My concern is their credibility and involvement in the procedures, and whether the info leaked merits reporting or not.”
Then, Carmichael Dave did an interview with ESPN 1100 Las Vegas (audio here).
”Are we pawns in this game? Of course. Even if the information is 100-percent right all the time it still doesn't mean we're not being used. It's politics of sport. Of course you can be a pawn.”
Anyone who has ever worked in media understands that sources are trying to work over writers. It's been a part of the business forever. Just ask any baseball, football, or basketball writer about what GMs and teams try to do to use writers when trading deadlines occur each season. No one is arguing that sources try to work over writers like ‘pawns.'
This line of argument is a sleight-of-hand. What the activists don't want the focus to be on is the fact that they publicly admitted that they purposely wanted to be a pawn in order to advance a personal agenda and that personal agenda was to see one of their favorite fighters fight in the UFC. Whatever it was going to take to get it done was their motto.
Now that it's clear that a deal between Fedor's camp and UFC will not go through, watch for some of these activists to start backpedalling in the media. Watch for them to try to blur the lines and confuse readers. “Well, we're all pawns, that's how it works in the media.” Watch for an attempt to put the focus somewhere else and distract away from the true focus on what their motives were for their attempted activism and why it was being done.
Several people this week took big credibility hits and they're trying to figure out a way to recover from it and repair their image. Who knows if they will be successful at undoing their own self-inflicted damage.
Topics: Media, MMA, UFC, Zach Arnold | 55 Comments » | Permalink | Trackback |
Toronto police regularly initiate contacts with Canadian border officials to check on people's immigration status in violation of Toronto Council's Sanctuary City policy, a new study claims. During an eight-month period between last November and June this year, the Toronto Police Service made 3,278 calls to Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA), 83.4 per cent of the calls were for “status checks,” said the study, titled Often Asking, Always Telling, to be released Wednesday.
Supporters of a sanctuary-city motion raise their arms in victory as the vote is announced in a city hall debate in 2013 in Toronto. ( RICHARD LAUTENS / TORONTO STAR )
“The broad criterion of ‘officer suspicion' is fertile ground for the practice of racial profiling. This is not a matter of a few exceptional circumstances of certain individual officers, but instead a systemic problem in policy,” said the study led by University of Ottawa criminology professor David Moffette. “Given the frequency of the deeply embedded practice of racial profiling and its link to the numerous calls made . . . we must conclude that the TPS are not by any means an accessible service to black and racialized groups with precarious or no status in Toronto.” In June 2014, Toronto Council passed recommendations to give the city's estimated 200,000 non-status residents access to city services without fear of being turned over to border enforcement officials.
Article Continued Below
The study said the practice by the TPS contradicts the directive; it asks the city to urge TPS to develop a comprehensive “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” policy and stop checking a resident's immigration status during interactions or disclosing that information to their federal immigration counterparts. TPS spokesperson Mark Pugash said the force has adopted the “don't ask” policy, but the law has obliged officers to inform border enforcement if they become aware of an immigrant warrant against an individual in the course of their interaction. “The conclusion (the researchers) reached mystified me. The report is long on insults and accusations but short on evidence-based conclusions,” said Pugash, who has directed staff to look into the study's data. According to the 48-page report, based on data obtained under access to information request to the border agency, CBSA received 10,700 calls from all Canadian law enforcement and transit agencies during the eight months — including 4,392 from Greater Toronto police authorities. With 3,278 calls, the TPS made more requests to CBSA's Warrant Response System — which allows law-enforcement authorities to inquire if a person of interest faces any outstanding immigration warrants — than the RCMP (1,197) and the combined total from police services in Montreal, Quebec City, Ottawa, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver.
Overall, 72 per cent of the calls were listed for “status checks,” with the rest under warrant inquiry and previously-deported-person inquiry, as well as photo and fingerprints requests. “This shows the consistent practice of ‘asking,' that is, inquiring about the immigration status on an individual even when no immigration warrant appears on the CPIC (Canadian police central data base),” said the study, prepared for No One Is Illegal, a grassroots advocacy group for migrants. On Wednesday, a council committee is scheduled to get an update from city staff on undocumented residents' access to municipal services and to hear the study's recommendations.
Read more about:
On Sunday at midnight, October2011's Stop the Machine permit for occupying Freedom Plaza expired. While some, like our group from the Tulane School of Social Work, had to return to our respective cities, many held strong on the Plaza. Instead of leaving the grounds at midnight, remaining demonstrators threw a dance party. They announced that 99 percent of the U.S. population were invited to join. In return, park police proposed extending Stop the Machine's permit for four additional months. The dance party won us the Plaza.
Dr. Margaret Flowers, Stop the Machine Organizer, speaks in low lighting at Sunday's dance party on the Freedom Plaza permit extension and Smithsonian Air and Space Museum protest
People are gradually hopping on board this growing movement. One Stop the Machine demonstrator shared that vendors from the annual Taste of D.C. food festival, which had been held this weekend on the streets adjacent to Freedom Plaza, gave occupiers all their leftover food. Another demonstrator's friend caught a cab to Freedom Plaza. The cabbie said “If you're one of the protesters, the ride is free.”
Though some out-of-state demonstrators had to leave town, Stop the Machine has stayed hopeful and encouraged. The group has only gained momentum, and more locals continue to join the action. Occupy D.C. has also been growing within McPherson Square six blocks from Freedom Plaza. The groups continue to occupy separate spaces, but unite in city protests with the common goal of demanding change.
On behalf of our “Mardi Gras Crew” of nine who spent four days kicking off Stop the Machine's efforts on the Plaza, we are thrilled with news of the extended permit. We are hopeful after seeing the movement's growing participating firsthand. Occupy NOLA is making headway here in Louisiana, and we are energized to continue efforts at home.
To all who had to leave D.C. with us Sunday, and those looking to join efforts in their local cities, one Stop the Machine blogger says:
The financial markets should start preparing themselves for an October surprise.
October, of course, has always been a tricky month for Wall Street. But the markets would be wise to prepare ASAP for a surprise — because it could come in September or even this month, depending on when Russian President Vladimir Putin decides to make trouble.
But there's so much more to this story and “the surprise” because there are, in fact, a number of surprises that are possible.
You've already heard stories — including one published recently by Politico — about how the Democrats are worried that Putin will try to interfere with the US presidential election by releasing the missing personal emails of Hillary Clinton.
But Putin and his gang of spies isn't the only ones with those emails, according to a very reliable source of mine in the intelligence community.
The NSA — the National Security Agency — also has copies of Hillary's private emails.
How did the NSA get them?
Earlier this year, the Russians hacked computers at the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee. Neither party knew it had been hacked until the NSA alerted it.
Some emails from the DNC's computer came out right before the Democratic convention in July and they created a stir, because they showed that forces aligned with Hillary did their best to deny the party's nomination of Bernie Sanders.
So far, no Republican Party emails have come out — and they aren't likely to.
One reason may be that Putin — as others have said — seems to favor Donald Trump over Clinton. Another reason might be that the Republicans' emails will likely show the party conspiring against Trump — which doesn't matter much now that he's the nominee.
The Russians got Hillary's email more easily. As I've written before, they stole the password for Madame Secretary's BlackBerry probably during one of her 2012 trips to that country.
Once they had the password, the Russians could see everything that Hillary was emailing and could record every conversation on that non-secured line.
And the NSA, all along, was watching the Russians monitor Hillary. That's how the Adm. Michael Rogers-led NSA, which specializes in global monitoring and collection of data, came to have Hillary's emails, according to my source.
What is in Hillary's emails is anyone's guess — except, of course, for the Russians and the NSA employees who have seen them.
The NSA even offered the emails to the FBI when it was conducting the probe that ultimately found that Hillary was “extremely careless” with sensitive government information. The FBI declined the NSA's offer, I'm told. The emails, the FBI contended, would have been useless in court if Hillary had been indicted because of the way they were obtained.
The NSA would never officially release the emails, but that's not to say a rogue agent might not leak 'em. There is, I'm also told, bad blood between Hillary and the NSA that goes back to her early days as secretary of state.
One of the NSA's responsibilities is to make sure government agencies like the State Department have safe areas where sensitive and classified information can be discussed and stored. These are called Sensitive Compartmented Information Facilities, or SCIFs.
When a meeting is held inside one of these SCIFs, spies can't snoop. And BlackBerrys don't work inside a SCIF.
Hillary, my source says, requested that a non-secure room be built near the State Department's Washington SCIF so that she could use her BlackBerry.
The request was approved — but over NSA protests. And that started a feud between Hillary and the NSA that only got worse with the Benghazi attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and a “foreign service information manager” — likely an NSA employee.
What is in Hillary's emails is anyone's guess — except, of course, for the Russians and the NSA employees who have seen them. But they probably include some very personal, embarrassing stuff as well as talks about Clinton Foundation donations.
Clinton has said her missing 30,000 emails were about yoga and a wedding. Maybe there's some of the email chatter that we all do with friends. But if that's all, why were the emails erased in the first place?
If someone at the NSA decides to leak some of Hillary's emails, it might not just be for revenge. There could also be a very reasonable concern that if she wins on Nov. 8, Hillary could be blackmailed by the Russians if those incriminating emails are still private.
The NSA could justify its actions — at least to itself — as having to get in front of a potential problem.
Call it “preventive leaking.”
There is also a surprise that the Democrats could pull on Trump.
For example, it wouldn't be too shocking if the IRS suddenly finished up its inquiry of Trump's taxes and put him on the spot.
Trump has refused to release his tax returns. And if they show, as some people think, that he's not as rich as he claims or has evaded taxes, Trump will have issues to deal with.
But that wouldn't really be a surprise for Wall Street in a negative sense since — if there's no counter-surprise against Clinton — that would merely confirm that Hillary is going to be our nation's first woman president. And Wall Street seems to have accepted that already.
October has been full of market jolts — the 1929 crash, Black Monday in 1987, the mini-crash in 1989, etc. — and some Hillary news could rock stocks again.
That's why they call them surprises.
Most of the time, she's clear-headed and has an overview of homelessness that would cause the mayor to take notes.
But then her sense of direction starts to drift and Cat Howie's thoughts go through Alice's Door in the Tree, and she's smelling flowers in the enchanted garden.
Cat is a 63-year-old, San Diego-born homeless woman who is small, wiry and percolating. If she's in the room, you'll know it, but not in an irritating way. Her real name is Leona, but call her that only if you're armed.
Cat has a pretty good idea who she is. She will tell you she has a “borderline personality disorder” with the aplomb of saying blue is her favorite color. She is comfortable in her own shoes, though they sometimes pinch her feet.
Cat was a member of a street gang in her youth. She says, “The one thing all gang members have in common is rage within, and it comes from being raised in a dysfunctional family. I went through many, many years of psychological therapy.”
Cat says birthdays and Christmases were fun in her home growing up, but most other times, not so much.
She says she is not an alcoholic or drug addict. I'm convinced she's telling the truth. If not, the falsehood would be plain to see. In a woman that age, her face wouldn't be a road map, it'd be a diorama. Her body would be frail, not peppy.
I meet Cat at Serving Seniors on Fourth Avenue in downtown San Diego, where she is in the back of the game room checking her emails. She soon closes her smartphone and we walk over to the First Lutheran Church, where we can talk quietly. She goes there often because the Third Avenue Community Organization (TACO) she frequents is on a floor above.
She knows her way around these streets. It's where she's mostly made her home for the past dozen years.
photo by Fred Dickey Cat Howie, 63, who has been homeless for years. Cat Howie, 63, who has been homeless for years. (photo by Fred Dickey)
Cat doesn't ease gently into anything, so she plunges me right into her Disneyland ride of a life. She says she learned not long ago that she has a husband of 45 years who now lives in Wisconsin. It seems when they split years ago, he was supposed to get the divorce, but never got around to it.
“He took off with one of my skanky best friends. I missed her for five years, not him. OK?”
How many children do you have?
“Him and I? None together. But I do have four. The first one, the (father) was murdered, right here on Highway 94 in '71. Shot by the Mongols. He was the president of the Hells Angels.
“That's my first kid's dad. My second kid's dad, I don't remember his name anymore. I hope I wrote it on the birth certificate. My third kid lives in Santee and that's where I get my last name from.
“I married her father and had her. We got a divorce and then I found out in 2013 that I wasn't divorced from my first husband.
“I had committed bigamy and didn't know it,” she says, incredulous and slightly amused at the idea.
She finishes the tally: “The fourth child is just a cowboy.”
I guess that means some guy rode in and then rode out.
*
How you might react to Cat would depend on your values and baggage — empathy, amusement, disgust. Regardless, she'd shrug, or maybe laugh.
Cat has command presence and strides downtown streets like the General Patton of the downtown theater of homeless operations.
Her possessions are in a shopping cart so overloaded it could benefit from extra wheels like a semi. It includes a tent, clothing and all the accoutrements of her lifestyle. A full inventory would bog us down.
She's all teched-up. She tweets, has two email addresses and carries two smartphones to make sure at least one is always in working order.
She makes do on a Social Security disability pension of something more than $900 per month. She relies on a “free clinic” for health care, especially for acupuncture. Medi-Cal is her back-up.
From observation, she seems well regarded by both the other homeless and those who serve that population. Two-thirds of the time, Cat says things worth hearing. The part of society we call “real” would be intolerant of the remaining third.
She says she has a degree from the University of Washington in biological chemistry, but it's under a fake name. I see no reason to question.
Cat may trip over the occasional fact that gets in her way, but she knows what she thinks, and she knows how she feels. She's not shy about either.
*
At the moment, Cat has a festering indignation about a run-in with San Diego's finest. The record states that on April 19, 7:27 a.m., at 1400 Third Ave., she was arrested for illegal lodging.
The violation she committed was erecting and sleeping in her tent on public property. What's curious is that she was given a time-out in the slammer for what ordinarily could be just a ticket.
“Me and the cops played a little word game,” she says with an impish grin.
Cat plans to fight the charge. Her court date is scheduled for the morning of July 17 in the downtown courthouse. I suggest the judge get a good night's sleep.
The arrest segues into a related topic. Erecting and dismantling a four-man tent can't be an easy job for an older woman. She employs it because it's big enough to sleep in and protect her goods from theft.
She says, “One man I know had everything ripped off and was left with only the underwear he had on.”
So, why doesn't she take her monthly income and move into what's called an SRO (single room occupancy) hotel?
The question has several answers. As homeless-housing pros have told me, and as I've seen myself, a lot of SRO rooms would be condemned if they were jails: dirty, buggy, dark and moldy.
They're located in buildings from which the landlords are trying to squeeze a few final dollars before the structures are torn down and maybe turned into high-rent condos.
You, the resident, likely would have neighbors in these buildings you wouldn't invite to your Tupperware party. Even if you're not personally more appealing than those folks, you wouldn't think of that before packing up and heading back to the street.
Outrageous rents affect trashy downtown pads as well as La Jolla apartments. If a homeless person has to pay $700 per month for a room without bath out of their government check, they're broke by mid-month.
Cat says, “Most people don't want to be homeless, but when they get unhomeless, they don't have any money for food, clothes, toilet paper, stuff like that, and they get sick of just trying to make it every month, and so they come back out homeless. I'm seeing more and more elderly like that when I use to just see the middle-aged.”
How does an old person live on concrete in the rain and cold?
The 63-year-old woman answers, “I don't understand it either.”
*
Not having to pay rent means Cat can eat fast food with some frequency, and once in a while at a tablecloth place.
Heads of the delegations of the Baltic States and the Nordic Countries (NB8) to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) have signed a joint statement to the leaders of PACE expressing their concern about possible corruption within the organization.
In the statement, released January 26, the heads of delegations unanimously condemned corruption among the members of PACE, which had recently emerged. The statement requests the PACE to take concrete steps for independent and transparent investigation of the allegations.
“PACE as an organisation that protects human rights and upholds European values must have zero tolerance in regard to corruption. It is not possible to work in an environment where even just one of your colleagues accepts a bribe without batting an eye,” head of the Estonian delegation and Vice-President of the PACE Marianne Mikko said.
The heads of delegations from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania proposed to review the Assembly's Code of Conduct, and also how the members observe it.
It was also recommended to create a control mechanism that would be launched in case of obvious violation of the PACE rules by a member of the PACE, in order to preclude future corruption cases.
The move comes shortly after anti-corruption organization Transparency International called for an investigation into allegations of vote-buying within PACE.
The Baltic connection
The allegations center on an investigation suggesting Azerbaijan, among other countries, had "unduly influenced, over many years, Council of Europe activities and votes on human rights issues, including by allegedly transferring huge sums of money and other favours to key parliamentarians."
Transparency International also "expressed dismay at the apparent lack of effective internal anti-corruption mechanisms at Europe's most important human rights institution."
The source of the allegations is a think-tank called European Stability Initiative which produced a quite remarkable report on December 16, 2016 detailing free gifts and incentives allegedly handed out in order to gain influence.
Huge bribes were paid in December 2012 to an Italian politician that "reached Italy via two banks in Estonia and Latvia" according to the report.
"This path was chosen to conceal the fact that these were payments from one PACE member to another," the report says.
The banks in question are named as Baltikums Bank in Latvia and the Estonian branch of Danske Bank, with the money funneled via UK and Marshall Islands registered companies.
The investigation centers on Italian Luca Volonte, but it would be interesting to know if his was an isolated case -- or if other Council of Europe figures might have chosen to do discreet business via Baltic banks.
The Council of Europe is supposed to be one of the chief forces against corruption in Europe.
Italian Public Broadcaster RAI3 has produced a piece by legendary investigative reporter Paolo Mondani about the allegations on its investigative show 'Report', which can be watched here. The English text is available towards the end of the page.
View information about Jesse James's death here on famously-dead.com. You can view information about Jesse James's death and other famous deaths. You can view by name or by cause of death. We also have included the most popular famous deaths.
Jesse James's Death
Name: Jesse James
Jesse James Field: Criminal
Criminal Born: September 5, 1847
September 5, 1847 Died: April 3, 1882
April 3, 1882 Cause Of Death: Shooting
It isn't often that there's genuine outrage about the death one of the biggest criminals in the country. Jesse James was a true American outlaw in the post-Civil War period.
In the days of the Wild West, Jesse robbed banks, trains, led a gang and murdered. And yet, he was seen by many as a victim because of the way he died.
Jesse and his brother Frank…
…fought for the South during the Civil War and when it ended, they joined a gang of thieves, targeting stagecoaches, banks and trains. They had a reputation as a bunch of Robin Hoods, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. (There's little evidence they gave anything to anybody.)
The James gang's heyday was the decade from 1866 to 1876. In '76, an attempted bank job in Northfield, Minnesota led to the arrests or deaths of some of the gang's members. Although the James brothers continued their crime spree, they were being chased by the law and in 1882, Jesse met his end at the hand of one of his gang members, Robert Ford.
Ford learned about reward money being available and cut a deal with Missouri Governor Thomas Crittenden to get it.
On an April morning, after a breakfast meal at Jesse's home…
…Jesse, Robert and Ford's brother Charley were getting ready to go out for another robbery, going in and out of the house making preparations.
Jesse then took a moment to clean off a dusty picture…
…and Robert shot him in the back of the head.
The Fords didn't try to conceal it and neighbors flocked to the house to witness a piece of history.
Robert contacted the governor to claim his reward money but when he and Charley surrendered, they were arrested and charged with first degree murder. Over a one day period, the Fords were indicted, convicted, and sentenced to be hanged – only to be granted a full pardon by the Governor…and getting a portion of the reward money.
Robert and Charley left Missouri and started a little stage tour, talking about the way they killed Jesse James.
However, Charley was addicted to morphine and ill with tuberculosis and he committed suicide in 1884.
Robert opened a saloon in Creede, Colorado…
…and in June of 1892, Edward O'Kelley went to that tent with a loaded, double barrel shotgun and shot Robert Ford in the throat. Ford fell dead.
O'Kelley drew a life sentence, but when thousands of people held a petition drive asking for his release, O'Kelley was pardoned in October, 1902, after an eight year prison stretch.
Jesse James' widow Zerelda…
…died alone and in poverty.
There were unfounded rumors that Jesse escaped, that Ford killed someone else, and that Jesse lived to the ripe old age of 104…
…and is buried in Granbury, Texas.
Jesse was memorialized under a monument that his mother made special for him, to show her contempt for the man who took her son's life.
He was first buried on the family farm, so Mom could make sure grave robbers didn't steal his remains, to charge for viewing.
As best as can be determined, Jesse and his widow are buried…
…in a family plot in Mount Olivet Cemetery in Kearney, Missouri.
Among the museums and sites for Jesse…
And the Jesse James Home Museum…
…where he was shot, in St. Joseph, Missouri.
Numerous songs refer to the Jesse James saga, like this one…
…and more than two dozen movies have been made about Jesse James since 1921. He's usually portrayed as a Robin Hood type character.
Ford's buried in the Richmond City Cemetery in Missouri.
He's portrayed as a coward, for shooting Jesse while his back was turned.
Please visit our social sites and you can let us know what specific person or celebrity you would like to read about who has has died famously.
Editor's note: The Daily Universe received more than 100 comments on a June 5, 2017 Facebook post asking our readers about issues they have had with off-campus housing. Those comments led, in part, to the development of the BYU Off-Campus Housing Series.
Part One – Off-campus BYU housing: It's complicated
Part Two – Housing quality doesn't always live up to price, students say
Part Three – BYU students struggle to sell yearlong housing contracts
Part Four – Off-campus tenants and landlords clash over security deposits
Part Six – Students share their housing horror stories
Part Seven – BYU-contracted housing: What to do if you have a problem
The BYU Off-Campus Housing Series — Part Five
Kylee Marshall packed all of her belongings in her car and wondered where she would sleep for the next few days.
Her housing contract had expired, and it would be another two weeks before she could move into her new apartment. Like many students in Provo before the start of a new school year, Marshall found herself without a place to live.
The Provo community commonly refers to this span of time, usually between summer term and fall semester, as “homeless week.”
Marshall, a recent BYU alum, said being homeless for two weeks last year was particularly stressful because she was taking the GRE. After studying all day, Marshall said not having a place to go home to at night was very difficult for her.
To cope with homeless week, she volunteered with BYU's Foundations for Leadership camp to have a place to sleep for three of those days. She then she stayed with some married friends for two more days and bounced around between other friends for the rest.
“At that point I would have been willing to pay extra money to move in early,” Marshall said.
Marshall said the smaller housing complexes were more willing to work with her, but bigger management companies didn't seem to care since they have many tenants to keep track of.
Marshall said it would be helpful if BYU-contracted housing could establish a policy that would allow students to pay to move in early. She said it also might be helpful to require all BYU housing to coordinate and be on the same schedule as each other to minimize the time students would be homeless.
Marie Dvorakova, a UVU student from the Czech Republic, has lived in BYU-contracted housing most of the time she has been here since 2014.
During “homeless week,” Dvorakova said she would explain her situation to her landlords and ask if she could stay in her current housing until her next contract started, offering them rent money to compensate for the extra time.
She said with the exception of one landlord, her landlords told her to find friends to stay with.
“They were never really willing to work with me even when I explain to them that I am an international student and I don't have anyone here,” Dvorakova said.
Often the landlords would tell her they needed her to move out so they could clean the carpets or paint the walls, but this confused Dvorakova since she knew other tenants were staying behind because they bought year-long contracts.
“In my experience, whenever they cleaned the carpets it was always while I lived there,” Dvorakova said.
During the “homeless period,” Dvorakova moved between friends' apartments and tried to find someone with a garage or a shed who would let her temporarily store her belongings.
During the 2014-2015 academic year, the BYU Student Advisory Council surveyed students about the homeless period.
Of the respondents, 48 percent said they had been negatively affected by the “homeless period,” and 26 percent said they would pay more for a housing contract that eliminated the “homeless period.” Only 16 percent didn't know what the “homeless period” is, and 39 percent said they would be willing to pay a higher monthly rate for a semester-long contract.
Students have recommended staying with family members, planning a trip or camping with friends. Others have recommended staying in the same apartment in order to avoid the situation altogether.
In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court struck down a town's sign ordinance as an unconstitutional, content-based regulation of speech. This ruling for free speech means the government can't pick and choose what speech deserves more protection based on the content of the speech.
Like most other towns in America, Gilbert, Ariz., regulates when, where and how signs may be displayed around town. Temporary non-commercial signs are classified by their content, and each category has its own set of regulations.
Real estate signs, for example, may be up to 80 square feet, and political signs may be up to 32 square feet; political signs may be displayed for four and a half months before an election, including in the public right of way; and homeowners' association event signs may be displayed for 30 days.
The Good News Community Church, which holds services at different facilities such as local schools because it doesn't have a permanent church, uses signs to invite people to services. Because the signs include directional information (i.e., an arrow pointing to the location of the service), they may not be bigger than 6 square feet and can go up only 12 hours before their Sunday services start, meaning the signs are posted late on Saturday night when they are hard to see in the dark.
The church challenged the town's sign code in 2007 as an impermissible content-based restriction on speech in violation of the First Amendment. The district court in Arizona upheld the sign code, and the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed, finding that there was no evidence that the town adopted its sign code for a discriminatory purpose.
Today, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Good News Community Church, concluding that these sign restrictions are content-based regulation because they define the categories of temporary, political and ideological signs on the basis of their messages and subject each category to different restrictions. As Justice Clarence Thomas points out,
If a sign informs its reader of the time and place a book club will discuss John Locke's ‘Two Treatises of Government,' that sign will be treated differently from a sign expressing the view that one should vote for one of Locke's followers in an upcoming election, and both signs will be treated differently from a sign expressing an ideological view rooted in Locke's theory of government.
The court found that these restrictions are subject to, and do not survive, strict scrutiny because the town did not demonstrate that the differentiation furthers a compelling governmental interest and is narrowly drawn. Assuming the town has a compelling interest in preserving its aesthetic appeal and traffic safety, the code's distinctions are highly underinclusive.
Thus, the town cannot claim that placing strict limits on temporary directional signs is necessary to beautify the town when other types of signs create the same problem, and it did not show that temporary directions signs pose a greater threat to public safety than ideological or political signs.
The Supreme Court also pointed that the 9th Circuit made a basic error in its analysis that the town's regulation was not based on a disagreement with the message conveyed. As Thomas explains, “an innocuous justification cannot transform a facially content-based law into one that is content-neutral.” Thomas continued:
Innocent motives do not eliminate the danger of censorship presented by a facially content-based statute, as future government officials may one day wield such statutes to suppress disfavored speech … [O]ne could easily imagine a Sign Code compliance manager who disliked the Church's sustentative teachings deploying the Sign Code to make it more difficult for the Church to inform the public of the location of its services.
This decision will not prevent governments from enacting effective sign laws since there are ample content-neutral options available to resolve problems with safety and aesthetics, including regulating size, building materials, lighting, moving parts and portability of signs.
In fact, in a concurring opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito and joined by Justices Anthony Kennedy and Sonia Sotomayor, Alito provides a long list of possible rules that municipalities could enact regulating signs that would not be content based and thus prohibited. They range from rules based on size and location, to rules imposing time limits or distinguishing between lighted and unlighted signs.
As Alito says, local governments retain the power to “enact and enforce reasonable sign regulations.” It is just that the rules that stopped Pastor Clyde Reed from encouraging the public to attend his church were neither reasonable nor justified by concerns for public safety or the beautification of the town of Gilbert.
Articol actualizat
Am avut, si noi, si cei din Partidul Democrat Liberal, intelepciunea de a constientiza ca avem datoria sa fim cheia de bolta a echilibrarii scenei politice romanesti. Vorbim despre doua partide mari, despre un trecut sensibil si despre un context politic dificil, insa am cautat elementele si valorile care ne unesc, nu care ne dezbina.
A existat si exista o vointa reala si sustinuta de a cladi o dreapta unita, de a conferi, asa cum spuneam, scenei politice din Romania echilibrul de care are nevoie. Astazi cream, impreuna cu colegii din PDL, marele Partid National Liberal. Si nu doar numele, ci traditia, istoria, valorile noastre se regasesc in marele PNL.
Ne aflam in fata unui moment istoric pentru PNL, un moment marcat de redefinire si reconfigurare structurala, insa cred eu ne va spori puterea si determinarea. Prin pastrarea numelui PNL am reusit sa impunem conservarea simbolurilor noastre, ale celor peste 139 de ani de traditie istorica.
Pentru noi si pentru cei care ne vor acorda increderea aceasta zi reprezinta momentul unui nou inceput, sper, inceputul unui deceniu de liberalism, prosperitate si stat de drept
Marele Partid National Liberal se va bate in continuare pentru valorile care au traversat istoria noastra politica: respectul pentru individ, proprietatea privata, statul de drept, libera initiativa, descentralizarea, ordinea, reducerea decalajelor dintre Romania si tarile occidentale.
Fuziunea cu Partidul Democrat Liberal nu trebuie privita ca o diluare a identitatii noastre, ci, dimpotriva, ca o intarire a ei. Am incredere ca, la sfarsitul procesului de fuziune, identitatea noastra politica va fi mai puternica si ca ea se va imbogati cu abordari si solutii noi. De altfel, doresc sa subliniez faptul ca eu concep marele Partid National Liberal ca pe o formatiune a dreptei integratoare in care au loc si se vor putea exprima toate curentele politice al caror numitor comun este apartenenta la dreapta
Cei care, din diferite motive, au incurajat sau inca mai incurajeaza formulele unei drepte divizate, fac indirect jocul PSD-ului. Pentru ca nu exista o fericire mai mare pentru PSD decat o dreapta scindata si macinata de orgolii, citeaza Agerpres.
Presedintele PDL Vasile Blaga a declarat ca aprobarea fuziunii inseamna semnarea certificatului de nastere al celui mai mare partid de centru-dreapta din istoria moderna a Romaniei."Suntem astazi impreuna pedelisti si penelisti din toata tara, suntem astazi impreuna prima data dupa multa vreme intr-un numar atat de mare in numele unui obiectiv atat de important. Reuniunea noastra are o misiune istorica. Nu sunt vorbe mari, o simtim cu totii. Ceea ce construim astazi nu este nici Alianta Dreptate si Adevar II, nu este nici CDR II, nu este nici macar USL II, ca sa nu se mai consume degeaba propaganda lui Ponta. Astazi am semnat impreuna certificatul de nastere al celui mai mare partid de centru-dreapta din istoria moderna a Romaniei", a afirmat presedintele PDL si copresedinte al Aliantei Crestin Liberale PNL-PDL, citat de Agerpres.El a mai spus ca primul obiectiv politic al PNL-PDL este acela de a castiga alegerile prezidentiale, dar ca dupa acest moment procesul fuziunii trebuie sa continue in mod temeinic.Potrivit acestuia, in curand echipele de specialisti PDL-PNL vor definitiva Proiectul pentru Romania, document programatic avut in vedere in completare la programul politic asumat prin vot in cadrul sedintei comune de la Palatul Parlamentului.Presedintele PDL a mai spus ca trebuie, totodata, marita si baza electorala a noului partid prin identificarea de noi votanti la nivelul intregii tari.Protocolul de fuziune dintre PNL si PDL fusese adoptat si separat de reprezentantii PNL, respectiv ai PDL.Dupa citirea protocolului de fuziune de catre europarlamentul PDL Daniel Budea si votarea acestui document, in unanimitate, presedintele PDL Vasile Blaga si liderul PNL Klaus Iohannis si-au strans mana in aplauzele liderilor si a democrat-liberalilor prezenti la congres, transmite Mediafax.Protocolul de fuziune prin contopire intre PNL si PDL prevede ca denumirea noului partid va fi Partidul National Liberal, iar cea prescurtata este PNL, alegerile interne urmand sa se desfasoare pe baza statutului noii formatiuni incepand cu 1 ianuarie 2017.Potrivit protocolului, Partidul National Liberal rezultat din fuziune se organizeaza si functioneaza potrivit statutului, Protocolului de fuziune, precum si Legii partidelor politice.Alegerile interne in Partidul National Liberal rezultat din fuziune la nivel national se vor desfasura, pe baza statutului noului partid, incepand cu 1 ianuarie 2017, prevede Protocolul.Semnul permanent al partidului este o sageata intr-un cerc format din 12 stele sub care se afla prescurtarea PNL, ansamblul fiind incadrat intr-un patrat cu colturi rotunjite, acesta fiind si semnul electoral al noului partid.: Delegatia Permanenta a PNL a votat protocolul aliantei electorale cu PDL 'ACL PNL-PDL'. Dupa Delegatia Permanenta, liberalii se vor reuni tot la Parlament in Congres extraordinar, iar ulterior in congres comun cu PDL pentru fuziune.In urma negocierilor purtate intre cele doua formatiuni, reprezentantii Fortei Civice vor detine sapte functii in structura de conducere a PDL, una de prim-vicepresedinte prin Mihai-Razvan Ungureanu, doua functii de vicepresedinte prin Adrian Iurascu si Adrian Semcu, una de secretar general adjunct care va fi ocupata de Stefan Pirpiliu si trei de secretar executiv prin Florin Bolchis, Dumitru Pucheanu si Dragomir Tomasenschi.La finalul votului, Gheorghe Flutur a deschis cea de-a treia Conventie Nationala Extraordinara a PDL, in structura nou validata dupa fuziunea cu Forta Civica, in care se va proceda la adoptarea tuturor documentelor aprobate de BPN si CDN ale PDL si BP si Delegatia Permanenta ale PNL, respectiv protocolul de fuziune prin contopire a PDL cu PNL, statutul si programul politic al noului partid si protocolul de functionarea a Aliantei Crestin Liberale PNL-PDL.***La congresul comun sunt asteptati 2.245 de delegati, potrivit secretarului general adjunct al PDL, Marian Zlotea.Textul protocolului aliantei electorale intre PNL si PDL ce urmeaza sa fie aprobat in cadrul congresului de fuziune a celor doua partide programat pentru sambata prevede ca Alianta Crestin Liberala Partidul National Liberal - Partidul Democrat Liberal are ca obiectiv participarea cu un candidat si un program electoral comun la alegerile prezidentiale din noiembrie 2014.Semnul electoral al aliantei este reprezentat de semnele electorale ale celor doua partide deasupra carora se afla acronimul ACL.Candidatul comun al aliantei va fi desemnat in urma unor cercetari sociologice la propunerea forurilor de conducere ale celor doua partide, respectiv de Delegatia Permanenta a PNL si de Biroul Permanent National al PDL, se mentioneaza in document.Conducerea aliantei, precum si coordonarea campaniei electorale se asigura de catre conducerea operativa desemnata in acest sens.Conducerea operativa va fi una paritara, constituita din sase membri ai PNL si sase ai PDL, respectiv liberalii Klaus Iohannis, Teodor Atanasiu, Sorin Frunzaverde, Ludovic Orban, Marian Petrache, Eduard Hellvig si democrat-liberalii Vasile Blaga, Gheorghe Flutur, Catalin Predoiu, Gheorghe Falca, George Scripcaru si Mircea Hava.Presedintii PNL si PDL, Klaus Iohannis si Vasile Blaga, au anuntat saptamana aceasta numele aliantei electorale.In data de 5 august va fi anuntat candidatul unic al celor doua partide la Presedintie, cand BPN al PDL si Delegatia Permanenta a PNL vor valida propunerea ACL PNL-PDL, in baza rezultatelor sociologice.Reprezentantii celor doua partide au convenit sa demareze, in aceasta saptamana, sondaje pentru desemnarea candidatului aliantei la prezidentiale.Liberalii l-au desemnat pe Klaus Iohannis candidat pentru cursa prezidentiala, iar democrat-liberalii pe Catalin Predoiu.
Image caption Official guidelines show that 30 chest compressions should be followed by two rescue breaths
Concentrating on chest compressions rather than mouth-to-mouth when giving emergency resuscitation can produce better results, says research published in The Lancet.
A study of 3,000 patients found that chest compressions alone increased chances of survival by more than 22%.
But training in how to give both chest compressions and mouth-to-mouth breaths is the best option, experts say.
The UK Resuscitation Council is due to produce new CPR guidelines next week.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is a combination of chest compressions and mouth-to-mouth breaths, given in the event of a cardiac arrest.
The study, compiled by doctors from the Medical University of Vienna in Austria, looked at the survival rates of people treated by untrained members of the public taking instructions from the emergency services over the phone.
If you're unwilling or unable to do full CPR then chest compressions are better than nothing. Dr Meng Aw-Yong, St John Ambulance
Dr Peter Nagele, from the department of anaesthesiology, critical care and pain therapy at the Medical University of Vienna, said that if untrained bystanders avoided mouth-to-mouth breaths during CPR, they were more likely to perform uninterrupted chest compressions.
That then increased the probability of CPR being successful.
Different techniques
The research in The Lancet involved two analyses.
The first used data from three randomised trials involving more than 3,000 patients.
It showed that chest-compression-only CPR was associated with a slightly improved chance of survival compared with standard CPR (14% v 12%).
In the second analysis of seven observational studies, researchers found no difference between the two CPR techniques.
The study authors maintain that continuous, uninterrupted chest compressions are vital for successful CPR.
Dr Jas Soar, chair of the Resuscitation Council from Southmead Hospital in Bristol, said: "Any CPR is better than no CPR. If you witness a cardiac arrest, dial 999 immediately. Those trained in CPR should follow existing guidance of 30 chest compressions followed by two rescue breaths.
"Those not trained should start compressions and follow instructions until an expert arrives," Dr Soar said.
Dr Meng Aw-Yong, medical adviser at St John Ambulance, acknowledged that rescue breaths could be off-putting.
"The current advice is that if you're unwilling or unable to do full CPR then chest compressions are better than nothing.
"The best solution, however, is for people to get trained in how to carry out chest compressions and rescue breaths so they can be the difference between a life lost and a life saved," he said.
The British Heart Foundation says that being able to do CPR more than doubles the chances of survival.
Claire O'Neill, community resuscitation programme lead at the BHF, said: "For someone who is untrained in cardiopulmonary resuscitation, doing both chest compressions and rescue breaths really can be difficult.
"We also know that uninterrupted chest compressions are very important for increasing the chance of survival. So being directed to focus solely on chest compressions could make people more willing to attempt resuscitation, which could ultimately save lives," she said.
But in his 80s, and eager to see his warnings about the perils of making war reach a wider audience than even his bestselling book, McNamara agreed to sit for hours of questioning by Morris. The film that emerged from the collaboration—The Fog of War—won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. In my (admittedly biased) judgment, at least, the film succeeded in giving McNamara the opportunity to examine the calamity that Vietnam represented and explore how similar tragedies might be avoided. The movie continued McNamara's efforts to revisit the decisions that led to the conflict, with this goal as expressed in the opening pages of In Retrospect:
We of the Kennedy and Johnson administrations who participated in the decisions on Vietnam acted according to what we thought were the principles and traditions of this nation. We made our decisions in light of those values. Yet we were wrong, terribly wrong. We owe it to future generations to explain why.
McNamara's determination to leave a legacy that might somehow prevent a repeat of history—an American engagement in a war that would fail to achieve honorable objectives and a democratic denouement—will no doubt be in the back of many viewer's minds as Morris's newest film, The Unknown Known, rolls out in theaters (and, simultaneously, on-demand from cable outlets and iTunes). In his new movie on Rumsfeld, Morris's approach is very much the same as it was with McNamara. His off-camera voice poses questions and, amid archival clips and original musical soundtracks, the subjects reveal personalities that are riveting in their differences.
The film on McNamara drew heavily from his experiences—reaching as far back as his time in service during World War II and the Cold War, especially the Cuban missile crisis, and exploring his outlook shaped by the long-term dangers of confronting the Soviet Union—to frame the lessons that he learned for avoiding future war. McNamara's sense of responsibility was palpable in the film (as it was in his books), though he chose his words carefully, refusing to say why he did not speak out against the Vietnam War and declining to assess his successor's policies. “You don't know what I know about how inflammatory my words can appear,” he said, in a climactic exchange. “A lot of people misunderstand the war, misunderstand me. A lot of people think I'm a son of a bitch.”
By contrast, the thrust of Rumsfeld's jousts with Morris are built around his stream of memos—he estimates there were 20,000 in his years at the Pentagon—and linguistic formulations, the most famous of February 4, 2002, in which he wrote, “There are knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns. ... There are also unknown knowns: things you think you know that it turns out you did not.” Whereas McNamara is a man grappling with the consequences of his actions, Rumsfeld, as characterized by Morris, “is a man using language to obscure the world from himself as well as from others.”
A post shared by Ricos Products Co., Inc. (@ricosproducts) on Nov 6, 2017 at 10:57am PST
Frank Liberto, the inventor of baseball stadium nachos (consisting of tortilla chips, jalapenos, and nacho cheese) has died aged 84 in San Antonio, according to My San Antonio.
While Liberto can't be credited with creating nachos altogether (that dish dates back to the 1940s), the ballpark concession version of the dish was his signature. He started rolling the dish out in 1976 — the recipe's linchpin was the slightly liquid cheese sauce, which, when coupled with special dispensing equipment, allowed it to be dispensed quickly for a ballpark setting.
According to a history of ballpark nachos from First We Feast, a canned version of the cheese sauce helped to standardize the nachos: the magic ratio is that for every 107 ounces of cheese concoction, there would be 32 ounces of water and 20 ounces of pepper juice to hit the perfect liquidity.
Stadium concessions ran in Liberto's family: he took control of Liberto Specialty Co., which his grandfather Rosario Liberto founded in 1909, initially as a grocery store which then grew into a concession supplier, operating in malls, stadiums, and theaters.
But Liberto also went his own way, founding his own food production company Ricos, which sells the nachos (and other snacky foods) to this day.
The Ricos' history of baseball nachos gives credit to game announcer Howard Cosell, for giving multiple shout-outs to Liberto's creation in his commentary. From there, the snack spread throughout stadiums, and also made inroads into cinema concessions.
In short — Liberto may not have invented nachos, but he did invent this specific version of them, and more importantly, innovated it in a way that allowed it to spread and become an iconic baseball food.
• ‘Father of nachos' Liberto dies at 84 [MySA]
• Ricos History [Ricos]
• Meet Frank Liberto, the "Father of Nachos" [First We Feast]
Poor neighbourhoods are increasing in outer boroughs but getting fewer in the centre, new analysis reveals
Outer London has seen rising levels of poverty while the number of poorer areas in central London is reducing, according to a new analysis of official deprivation data.
Although the poorest places in the capital are still in the eastern centre of the city, there are fears that poverty is being pushed out into the suburbs amid evidence of a significant increase in deprived areas in the outer boroughs between 2004 and 2010.
The findings are also acute in areas that saw rioting last August. In Enfield and Haringey, 22 neighbourhoods have become more deprived; in Ealing and Hillingdon 33 have and in Croydon and Sutton 75 have. Only 20 neighbourhoods in those three London assembly areas have become less deprived.
The figures were on the rise before the 2008 mayoral election. Boris Johnson won after focusing his campaign on the outer London ring in a "doughnut strategy". He beat Ken Livingstone by fewer than 140,000 votes, while the Labour candidate's core vote strategy centred on the inner city. This time around, he may face hostility from voters who have seen living standards decline.
The data shows that 430 neighbourhoods in London have become significantly more deprived than their neighbours since 2004, and 400 of those are in the outer boroughs.
In contrast, only 374 neighbourhoods across London have become significantly less deprived, and they are predominantly in the west and central parts of the city.
The biggest contrast is in the Brent and Harrow London assembly area, where 83 areas have got more deprived and only one has become less so. The data measures poverty in tiny "lower super output areas", each with a population of around 1,500 people. An area that has slipped down the index and become more deprived may still not be poor – it has just become more deprived compared with other neighbourhoods.
Tony Travers, director of the Greater London group at the London School of Economics, said: "It would appear that in 2008, rising levels of deprivation were associated with voting for Boris Johnson. It is paradoxical that as outer London has got poorer, it has appeared to vote for Johnson. Ken Livingstone will no doubt be hoping to reverse this with his policies in 2012."
The poverty data is based on an analysis by Alasdair Rae at the University of Sheffield of the government's Indices of Multiple Deprivation, which measures relative poverty across England, between 2004 and 2010. Rae said: "In London, it would appear that centrifugal forces are currently helping shift poverty from inner to outer London."
A recent report by the London School of Economics found that a majority of people in poverty in London now live in the outer city, whereas a decade earlier it was evenly split.
This reflects what is happening in major US cities, where a Brookings Institution report found the suburbs were home to the largest and fastest-growing poor populations in the country.
Dublin Bus is looking at the potential of introducing all-night services in the capital. The State-owned transport company said it was examining this issue as part of a review of its existing Nitelink services.
Conventional Dublin Bus services run until 11.30pm or midnight, but the company also operates late-night Nitelink services, until up to 4am in some cases, on Friday and Saturday nights. Asked whether it was considering operating all-night services throughout the week, a spokeswoman for Dublin Bus said “everything was under review” as part of consultations with the National Transport Authority .
Details that the company was considering the possibility of all-night services were set out in a question-and-answers document given to the National Bus and Railworkers Union in advance of talks on controversial plans to put out to tender 10 per cent of bus routes operated by Dublin Bus and Bus Éireann.
Crucial talks on these potential privatisation plans, which have been drawn up by the National Transport Authority, will take place at the Labour Relations Commission today. Unions have warned that if the plan goes ahead, it will inevitably lead to industrial unrest at the transport companies. They fear the tendering proposals could lead to the privatisation of routes which up to now have been run by Dublin Bus and Bus Éireann and result in a deterioration of their members' terms and conditions.
The tendering plan has been supported by Minister for Transport Paschal Donohoe. He said the move would offer “more choice to bus-users all over the country”. However, he has said Dublin Bus and Bus Éireann are not being privatised.
Under the current plans, orbital routes in Dublin rather than city centre services, such as those between Blackrock and Rialto, and Chapelizod and the Square shopping centre in Tallaght , will be put out to tender. Bus Éireann routes earmarked for tender include commuter services from Dublin to Tullamore, Portlaoise and Kildare, as well as a number of routes in Waterford city.
In the question-and-answers document, Dublin Bus said it would be submitting tenders to continue operating the routes in question. “[The] company will be putting their best bid forward. However, this will include having to look at securing collective agreements [on] changes for these routes.”
It suggested that staff would have to move to new operators under a transfer of undertakings arrangement if it lost some of its existing routes under the tendering process. The company said it had no money to pay for a redundancy programme. “The National Transport Authority will have to deal with this issue if it occurs.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A new poll has found that, in the US, millennials are leading the push towards greater acceptance for equal marriage, which 70% saying the support marriage for same-sex couples.
The report by the Pew Research Center, found that in the US, 7 in 10 millennials, or those born since 1980, support legalising equal marriage for same-sex couples.
The national survey indicated that the percentage had risen from 51% since 2003, and that a large shift had taken place. millennials now represented a larger proportion of the overall population than a decade ago, representing 9% of the adult population in 2003, compared to 27% now.
Ten years ago, just 33% of Americans said they supported equal marriage, with 58% against, but in 2013, the numbers had switched with 49% in favour and 44% against.
It is not only the younger generation has shifted to support equal marriage, however, as 31% of those born between 1928 and 1945 now support equal marriage, compared to 17% before.
28% of equal marriage supporters, 14% of the adult population, said they had shifted their position to support equal marriage since ten years ago.
Out of those who had changed to support equal marriage, 32% said they shifted because they knew someone, a friend or family member, who was gay. A quarter said they had grown more accepting as they got older, and 18% said that it is inevitable because the world is just different now.
The same percentage, 18%, said they changed because they think people should be free to choose what makes them happy.
Going the other way, almost all opponents to equal marriage had already declared their opposition to it, with 41% out of 44% having always held the same view.
Despite 56% of Americans saying that equal marriage goes against their beliefs, which had dropped six points in ten years, two thirds said they thought gay people should have equal rights, with just 30% disagreeing.
The study was conducted between 13 and 17 March 2013, and questioned 1,501 adults across the US.
Hell on Wheels star Anson Mount has been tapped as the lead, Black Bolt, in Marvel's Inhumans, the new ABC series that will get an Imax debut.
Marvel's Inhumans will explore the never-before-told epic adventure of the royal family including Black Bolt, the enigmatic, commanding King of the Inhumans, with a voice so powerful that the slightest whisper can destroy a city.
Mount joins recently cast Iwan Rheon (Game of Thrones), who will play Black Bolt's brother, Maximus.
Marvel's Inhumans is executive produced by Scott Buck — who serves as showrunner — Jeph Loeb and Jim Chory for Marvel Television, and ABC Studios.
Related2017 ABC Pilots
“Anson loves the challenge of playing a character who will only communicate silently,” said Loeb, Head of Marvel Television. “His enthusiasm mixed with his imposing, almost regal persona made it easy to see why he is our Black Bolt.”
Added Buck, “Black Bolt is a character whose deep complexity must be conveyed without uttering a single word, and I'm very excited to have Anson on board to bring him to life.”
Roel Reine will direct the first two episodes of Inhumans, which will premiere exclusively in Imax theaters for a two-week window in September prior to the network run.
Marvel's Inhumans, which follows a race of superhumans with diverse and singularly unique powers, were introduced in Marvel Comics by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in 1965. Since that time, they have grown in prominence and become some of the most popular and iconic characters in the Marvel Universe.
Mount is coming off a five-season run on AMC's popular Western drama Hell on Wheels, on which he played the lead, Cullen Bohannon. He is repped by UTA and Brookside Artist Management.
It's back to Seattle for Chris Clemons.
The Seahawks on Friday agreed to terms with the veteran defensive end who started 59 games for the club from 2010 to 2013.
Clemons spent the last two years in Jacksonville, where he notched 11 sacks over 23 starts for Jaguars coach and former Seahawks defensive coordinator Gus Bradley.
Clemons originally landed in Seattle back in 2010 as part of a trade with the Eagles. He piled up 11-plus sacks for three straight seasons before finishing with 4.5 takedowns during Seattle's Super Bowl-winning campaign in 2013.
At 34, Clemons looms more as a situational pass rusher for a nasty line that also includes Michael Bennett, Cliff Avril and run-stopper Ahtyba Rubin. We wouldn't be surprised to see Seattle look for additional help in this month's draft.
Here are other moves that went down on Friday and Saturday:
1. The Chiefs agreed to terms with defensive back Stevie Brown, his agent announced on Twitter. In addition, the team signed safety Jimmy Wilson, according to the Kansas City Star. Wilson started in six games with the Chargers last season.
2. Safety Patrick Chung signed a one-year extension with the New England Patriots that will keep him under contract for the next three seasons, a source informed of the deal told NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport.
3. The Houston Texans re-signed quarterback Brandon Weeden to a two-year, $4 million deal, a source with knowledge of the deal told NFL Media's Rand Getlin.
4. Former Jets running back Stevan Ridley signed with the Detroit Lions on a one-year deal, the team announced.
5. The Browns released Ifo Ekpre-Olomu, NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reports. The second-year cornerback is still recovering from a knee injury which prevented him from being a first-round pick in 2015.
Cells grown in petri dishes could allow researchers to observe the effects of drugs on neural activity as well as on the health and function of brain cells
Miniature brains that show electrical activity akin to “a primitive type of thinking” could revolutionise how some drugs are tested and reduce the need for animals in research, according to scientists who have developed the structures.
Each ball of human brain cells - in all about the size of the head of a ballpoint pen - “represents more or less a two-month-old brain” of a foetus, Prof Thomas Hartung of Johns Hopkins University said, presenting the work at the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference . The cultures also show “spontaneous electrophysiological activity” – their neurons zap off electrical signals to each other without prompting.
“It's starting to produce a primitive type of ‘thinking,'” Hartung said, though he stressed that the operation is only mechanical. “Obviously there's no input or output. It is meaningless electrical activity but the neurons are trying to communicate with each other.”
Scientists first developed miniature brains in test tubes in December 2013, but Hartung said that his team has managed to standardise the new “mini-brains” – meaning they can grow hundreds of uniform brain cultures in a single petri dish, rather than a few cultures each grown according to their distinct genetic codes.
Harvard professor Rudolph Tanzi, who in 2014 developed human brain cells in a gel as part of his work on Alzheimer's, told the Guardian that he and his colleagues had also seen primitive neural activity.
“They're doing something very similar, even the types of cells they're seeing is similar to what we're seeing,” Tanzi said, adding that he questioned whether the new brains are more “standardised” than others. “But it's great, great to see that the technology is catching on. I think the more labs that do this the better.”
Hartung said the neural activity, which can be measured with an EEG-like device, creates a “third dimension” for studying the effects of drugs: not only can researchers examine how drugs affect the health and function of brain cells, they can also see what drugs do to neural activity.
Tanzi agreed, saying that in the brain cells with Alzheimer's disease “the signalling is much different. You get plaques and tangles that become dysfunctional,” referring to protein clusters and cell transport systems that the disease affects.
The Johns Hopkins mini-brains appear to be capable of such activity because of their relatively mature development: by developing in dense clusters, according to Hartung, the brains “build these circuits of stimulating each other”, as well as the six types of neurons and accessory cells in brains.
“It is very difficult to produce these type of stem cell cultures artificially, but they're wonderfully forming because they're not alone here,” he said. “This brain model differs from others in that we spent a lot of effort into the standardisation and quality control.”
Miniature brains grown in test tubes – a new path for neuroscience? Read more
The new brains are smaller than older models, and can only develop as far as researchers provide oxygen, nutrients and petri dish or test tube space to allow them. Larger brain models also have development limits and eventually the internal neurons die, since they lack the structure of a body – namely a blood supply to their center – that would support them.
The Johns Hopkins team grew the brains from five donors' skin cells, which were reprogrammed to become the equivalent of stem cells, and then stimulated toward becoming brain cells. The published research features cells recreated with conditions of Parkinson's disease, which is believed to develop out of a mix of genetic and environmental factors.
The team hopes that the mini-brains will help studies on Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis (MS) and autism – all neurological conditions caused by both genetic and environmental factors.
Hartung has applied for a patent on the mini-brains and is developing a company to manufacture the cells. Tanzi and his colleagues opted for an “open-sourced” method. “Our goal is to spread this out throughout the world,” he said.
The cultures could also help phase out the use of animals for testing drugs and treatments – Hartung is also head of Johns Hopkins' Center for Alternatives to Animal Testing. “The animal models are misleading,” he said.
Tanzi agreed with Hartung's assertion that animal testing is unreliable. “A human is not a 150lb rat, or a 150lb mouse,” Tanzi said. Hartung added: “And even though we are not balls of cells either, you can often get much better information from these balls of cells.”
10 ComicWow!TV - Art Boorman Star Trek fans, especially those who like Johnson's earlier work, will definitely want this. Read Full Review
9.5 Big Glasgow Comic Page - Michael Nunneley The story of Star Trek Boldly Go #3 by Mike Johnson is top shelf work. I'm really enjoying this series. The dialogue is perfect, even funny at times just like the television shows and movies. I love that Johnson is taking a beloved enemy like the Borg (my favorite next to the Klingons) and making them fresh and new. Read Full Review
9.1 SciFiPulse - Ian Cullen We are left with an exciting Cliffhanger, which again borrows from ‘Best Of Both Worlds', but instead of Picard. It is Spock who will be borgified. Will Kirk have the gumption to fire on his best friend? Read Full Review
9.0 Flickering Myth - Villordsutch If you haven't already (why not!?) started reading Star Trek: Boldly Go then you really need to, but if you are already reading it then I'm sure you'll agree that this is really rather brilliant. Read Full Review
Queens officials and local leaders say they want Northern Boulevard included in Mayor Bill de Blasio's traffic safety initiative. View Full Caption DNAinfo.com/Jeanmarie Evelly
WOODSIDE — Queens officials are calling for Mayor Bill de Blasio's traffic safety plan to zero in on Northern Boulevard, following two recent incidents where pedestrians were struck by cars on the roadway, including one that killed an 8-year-old boy.
The officials want Northern Boulevard included in the mayor's Vision Zero plan, announced last month, which — among other initiatives — would target 50 dangerous corridors and intersections each year for safety improvements.
De Blasio has called on several city agencies to form a task force to release a traffic safety report by Feb. 15, which is expected to include the 50 city streets chosen for improvements.
"Clearly, Northern Boulevard deserves this recognition," City Councilman Jimmy Van Bramer said at an announcement Thursday at the corner of Northern Boulevard and 48th Street, where four people were struck and injured by a hit-and-run driver on Saturday while waiting at a bus stop.
Just a short distance away, 8-year-old Noshat Nahian was struck and killed in December after being hit by an unlicensed truck driver while crossing the six lanes of Northern Boulevard at 61st Street, as he was on his way to school at P.S. 152.
The motorist was cited for having a suspended license.
Officials said they want Vision Zero, which was announced near the scene of Nahian's accident, to include these two intersections and several others on Northern Boulevard, including at Steinway Street, Broadway and 51st Street, which Van Bramer described as accident prone areas.
The councilman said the busy roadway has "lots of pedestrians and lots of cars and lots of tricky intersections and turns."
"This is a street — some they may think it's a highway — but the truth is there are people living, working, going to school all along Northern Boulevard, and it has to be just as safe as any other street in the city of New York," he said.
A recent report from the Tri-State Transportation Campaign named Northern Boulevard among the "region's most dangerous road for walking," in Queens, citing five pedestrian deaths on the street between 2010 and 2012.
Those incidents took place at different locations along the roadway between Jackson Heights and Bayside, according to a map from the report.
State Sen. Michael Gianaris lauded de Blasio for his commitment to pedestrian safety.
"He's put a focus on this issue at the very outset of his administration, and we do hope they include Northern Boulevard in the report that's coming out," he said.
"These incidents keep on happening because the issue of pedestrian safety has not been taken seriously enough."
The village of Quogue on Long Island's south shore boasts fewer than 1,000 residents, but last month its police department received two surplus military trucks worth a combined $150,000.
Since enrolling in the same program in 2012, police in Albion, a village of 6,000 near the Canada border, have added a bomb robot and two Humvees to inventory.
Both departments paid only the cost of shipping for their new equipment.
Over the past several years, more than 120 law enforcement agencies across the state, from the NYPD to Tuckahoe, have obtained military-grade equipment through the Pentagon's 1033 program, which transfers excess military equipment to state and local police across the country. Late last week, for the first time, state officials released a detailed inventory of the equipment obtained by individual agencies. A review of the data revealed:
Since enrolling in 1995, the NYPD has obtained four armored trucks valued at $65,000 each and two former artillery vehicles known as mortar carriers valued at more than $200,000 each. The NYPD received one such heavily armored vehicle in June 2012.
The New York State Police received two cargo planes, one in 1996 and another in 2010, together valued at $2.8 million, as well as a $900,000 helicopter in 2013.
The New York State Park Police also obtained a dozen M-14 rifles and two military trucks.
University police at three State University of New York campuses have received equipment through the 1033 program: police at Morrisville, Oneonta and Old Westbury each obtained one Humvee and three assault rifles since 2011.
The law enforcement division within the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation received 68 M-16 rifles, all in May 2012.
The complete file is available on the request page, or can be downloaded directly here.
Combined, New York law enforcement agencies have received nearly 300 assault rifles via the program, plus three fully tracked armored vehicles, two cargo planes, six helicopters, eight bomb robots and more than 150 military trucks and Humvees.
Use the map above to view some of the equipment obtained by individual agencies.
Most of the departments contacted for comment did not respond, but Chief Daniel Chambers of the SUNY Oneonta Police Department offered the following explanation for the equipment his department obtained:
“The vehicle is a canvas-topped Humvee, used for emergency response for any natural disasters or incidents of severe weather,” he wrote by email. “The M-14s are actually used for ceremonial functions.”
Roland Nenni, the Albion police chief, said that the “vehicle we obtained has limited armor, yet it is the only vehicle we have in the county that gives our officers any protection at all.” He added, “We have deployed the robot on a few occasions but [it] has not been used to date on a critical incident.”
The New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services, which administers the program, released the data in response to Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) request submitted in August.
“All requests for equipment are approved on a case-by-case basis,” says Janine Kava, DCJS spokesperson. “Agency size is one of several factors for consideration, along with geographic location (susceptibility to flooding, remote/rough terrain/coastal) and previous severe weather incidents, for example.”
The Pentagon's administration of the 1033 program has been the focus of intense security since the racial strife in Ferguson, Mo., that followed the fatal shooting of an unarmed 18-year-old black man, Michael Brown, by a white police officer in August. Ferguson area departments obtained helicopters, rifles and military vehicles at no cost by participating in the program.
In the wake of weeks-long standoffs between Ferguson protesters and heavily armed police, President Barack Obama ordered a thorough review of the 1033 program, which critics say militarizes local and state police agencies. A Senate inquiry panel likewise questioned Defense Department officials about the program in early September.
The program has doled out $5 billion in equipment nationwide since 1990, including more than $750 million between January and July 2014 alone. While the Pentagon rejected Freedom of Information Act request for comprehensive spreadsheets, New York joined 37 states in releasing these data.
Large agencies on the New York list include police departments in Rochester and Syracuse, as well as in Suffolk and Nassau counties. Rochester, Syracuse and Nassau County police each received a mine-resistant vehicle in the past year, while Suffolk County obtained a bomb disposal robot and more than a dozen trucks.
But much smaller departments have also reaped the benefits of enrolling in the 1033 program.
In 2001, for instance, the City of Poughkeepsie Police Department received the same mortar carrier vehicle as was allocated to the NYPD.
“The vehicle has been retrofitted to be an armored rescue vehicle,” says Captain Thomas Pape of the City of Poughkeepsie Police Department. “We don't carry weapons in it, and we make it available to all agencies in the county.”
Captain Pape says the vehicle has been deployed in response to armed and barricaded suspects on a handful of occasions since 2001, most recently last summer.
The police department in Plattsburgh, whose 50 sworn officers serve just under 20,000 residents near the Vermont border, last year received its own mine-resistant vehicle, as well as a bomb robot.
The Broome County Sheriff's Office, meanwhile, took receipt of an armored vehicle valued at more than $450,000 in February 2013, plus two Humvees and 15 M-14 rifles since 2010. Broome County employs a total of 53 sworn officers.
This story was written in partnership with The New York World.
Image via PoliceCarWebsite.net
WASHINGTON — State Sen. Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg will join other Democratic lawmakers today at the White House as part of their effort to develop a progressive alternative to the corporate-funded American Legislative Exchange Council.
Weinberg (D-Bergen) and lawmakers from Connecticut, Wisconsin, Texas, and several other states will meet with U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan and several aides to President Obama.
"It was an invitation to become involved in the growth of an organization that was going to be reaching out to progressive state legislators," Weinberg said.
The state legislators are part of the State Innovative Exchange, or SiX, which is trying to help progressive lawmakers the way ALEC helps conservative ones. The new organization held its inaugural conference in December in Washington and will discuss ideas to help the middle class at the White House today.
"Progressive legislators felt they were alone," said Nick Rathod, the executive director of SiX and formerly Obama's liaison to state governments. "They were on an island. They weren't connected to each other.''
Republicans now control 30 state legislatures compared to 11 for Democrats, up from 26 in 2013 when Democrats had majorities in 19, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In eight states, each party controls one chamber, up from four in 2013. Nebraska's unicameral legislature is officially non-partisan.
Even as voters gave the GOP control of more state chambers, they in referendums approved Democratic-backed efforts to raise the minimum wage and rejected Republican-supported measures to make it harder to get an abortion.
"We think people care about these issues," Rathod said, "We just haven't been able to connect to them."
With support from companies such as Exxon Mobil and Pfizer, ALEC produces a library of bills, many of which have been enacted into law by Republican-controlled legislatures.
One of those bills, Stand Your Ground, which allows individuals who feel threatened to use force rather than back away, has been blamed for the shooting death of unarmed teen Trayvon Martin in Florida in 2012. Subsequently, several companies, including Johnson & Johnson, ended their membership.
The new group will come up with progressive ideas for lawmakers to take back to their home states, and the members will be in touch with each other to discuss proposals that work, how to build coalitions to enact them and how to overcome opposition.
It's an acknowledgement that Democrats have ignored state governments at their peril; with Congress deadlocked, the action is in places like Trenton. GOP control of state legislatures also allowed the party to draw the congressional district lines, helping expand its House majority.
"We've been giving away a lot due to our negligence," Rathod said.
While New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is a Republican, both houses of the state legislature are controlled by Democrats.
"We've been able to get what's been considered progressive issues going forth," Weinberg, citing the state constitutional amendment increasing the minimum wage, and legislation to allow same-sex marriage, which Christie vetoed. Later, the state Supreme Court upheld a lower court decision recognizing same-sex marriages.
Sweeney holds press conference regarding minimum wage increase 5 Galleries: Sweeney holds press conference regarding minimum wage increase
MORE POLITICS
Jonathan D. Salant may be reached at jsalant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JDSalant. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Ceri Powell: 21st Most Powerful Woman in Business on Fortune's Global List
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
Ceri Powell (Shell's Executive Vice President Upstream International Exploration) has been featured on Fortune Magazine's Most Powerful Women list, rising eight places to number 21 on the 2014 list, from her inaugural 29th placing in 2013.
The highly competitive annual list, published by Fortune Magazine, recognises the most powerful women in business across the globe. In this issue, Fortune has created a ranking for two segments of the world where women are making the most progress: Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and the Asia-Pacific region.
As one of the most senior women in the energy industry today, Ceri's nomination in the EMEA list was once again based on her leadership role in defining global RDS oil and gas exploration growth strategies. In the past one year, Ceri has led the Exploration business to a number of success including discoveries in Malaysia and Australia.
Shell's Ceri Powell has been featured on Fortune Magazine's Most Powerful Women list, rising eight places to number 21 on the 2014 list.
“Congratulations to Ceri on her achievement," said Shell's Upstream International Director Andy Brown. "It is great to see the external world recognize Ceri's leadership which Shell has benefited from and valued for many years".
“It is an honour to be recognised by Fortune for a second time, alongside my esteemed peers,” says Ceri. “I hope that my achievement is an inspiration for young technical female professionals looking to achieve the hallmarks of excellence in their careers”.
Since joining Shell in 1990, Ceri has worked in the UK, Angola, Malaysia, the Netherlands and the United Arab Emirates. Ceri has been the Executive Vice President Exploration, Shell Upstream International since 2009, and in 2013 her role was expanded to Global Functional Head of Exploration. She also serves on the United Nations Advisory Board for Sustainable Energy for All, chaired by the UN Secretary General.
In April 2014, Ceri was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Carillion Plc, bringing experience of emerging markets and HSE. She serves on the Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Business Integrity Committees and will be Chairperson of the Sustainability Committee in 2015.
Find out more about the inspiring women working at Shell across the globe.
If you're interested in starting a similarly rewarding career at Shell, search our exciting vacancies.
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Generated by readers, the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone. All comments are subject to editorial review. Off-topic, inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed.
RELATED COMPANIES
Today's Horoscope for
Aries Intuition plays a large part in your work, Aries. You're apt to sense what others want or need and foresee the consequences of one course of action over another. This is definitely going to make a positive difference in what you accomplish. You're likely to be quite pleased with what you do. Exercise this intuition today so it will stay with you in the future.
Today's Horoscope for
Taurus Information that you receive from far away could make doing business with a group you're affiliated with that much easier, Taurus. All looks promising for group activities and advancing your education, so these are good focuses for today. Travel might also be on your mind. Friends could be inclined to consider the idea, so it might be fun to go out on the town with them tonight.
Today's Horoscope for
Gemini This could prove to be a gratifying day, Gemini. Recent success in business might now be making a positive difference in your financial situation. This is apt to boost your mood quite a bit and you're probably feeling optimistic and enthusiastic about your future. You could lapse into some very pleasant daydreams about the possibilities, but don't get carried away. Try to remain practical.
Today's Horoscope for
Cancer This is a great day to start a partnership of any kind, as it will prove cooperative, rewarding, and stable. Any legal papers executed today should definitely work for you, Cancer. If you've been thinking about signing up for a class or workshop, this is the day to do it. You're more likely to get the results you want. Make plans for travel, too. You've got a lot to think about.
Today's Horoscope for
Leo Work you do today, whether related to your job or something you do on your own, could lead to a temporary boost in income, which is going to elevate your mood. This could involve a bonus, a project outside work, or your own enterprise. You should be feeling healthy and enthusiastic, Leo, ready to tackle just about anything. Finances look stable, and relations with others congenial and supportive.
Today's Horoscope for
Virgo You might toy with the idea of getting some kind of project or enterprise going with a close friend or love partner. If you're serious about it, Virgo, this is definitely the day to start. Any partnership formed at this time is likely to be successful and beneficial for all involved. This is even a good day to work out the terms of a legal agreement. Go for it.
Today's Horoscope for
Libra Work that you're doing either at home or on your home is likely to go well today and bring you the results you're hoping for, Libra. Members of your household might want to pitch in and help. You will probably spend most of your time inside, but you may also have to spend some time out gathering supplies and materials that you may need.
Today's Horoscope for
Scorpio Today you're likely to feel especially communicative, Scorpio. You might want to get on the phone and run ideas for new projects by colleagues or perhaps make arrangements to complete current projects. Success through creativity is strongly indicated at this time. This is a great day to seek success through writing or speaking. If this has been on your mind, get started.
Today's Horoscope for
Sagittarius Business transacted today either in your home or concerning your home is likely to be successful and bring some extra money your way. You probably feel especially optimistic about this. You're looking forward to new opportunities that may come your way. Your intuition is high, so you're likely to be able to separate the wheat from the chaff where opportunities are concerned. Go for it.
Today's Horoscope for
Capricorn Today your intuition should be sharper than usual, Capricorn. You might get a few calls involving possible business opportunities. You can use this heightened ESP to discern which ones might be successful. You could also hear from friends proposing participation in a group activity of some kind, which you may want to do. Don't hesitate. Have a great day.
Today's Horoscope for
Aquarius Today you should feel especially optimistic and enthusiastic, Aquarius, although you may not know why, at least at first. Later in the day some good news could come your way, possibly involving business and money. This should tell you that you were intuitively picking up on something wonderful. As a matter of fact, your intuition should be high for most of the day. Make it work for you.
FOR QUITE SOME TIME, there has been a fair bit of murmuring and speculation surrounding the letters exchanged between the philosopher Martin Heidegger and his brother Fritz. Those who had seen the more than 500 pieces of correspondence, which have been stored at the German Literature Archive in Marbach since 2014, knew how explosive they would be. But in accordance with the wishes of Heidegger's family, they were not allowed to quote from them. But now — apparently in response to the intense international debate surrounding Heidegger's anti-Semitism triggered by the publication of the Black Notebooks three years ago — the family has agreed to release an abridged version of the letters, written between 1930 and 1946, in a newly published volume called Heidegger und der Antisemitismus (“Heidegger and Anti-Semitism”) (Verlag Herder, Freiburg 2016). Inside these pages one finds an unvarnished picture of the philosopher's political disposition. In the Black Notebooks, a kind of diary of thoughts, Heidegger approached anti-Semitism from a philosophical remove, but these personal letters published expose him as a bona fide, unrepentant anti-Semite. They also show that — in contrast to prevailing beliefs — the Freiburg professor was politically well informed, and was an early and passionate supporter of National Socialism.
As early as the tail end of 1931, the 43-year-old Heidegger sent his brother a copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf for Christmas, praising the future dictator's “extraordinary and unwavering political instincts.” Heidegger interprets the right-wing conservative minority cabinet under Reich Chancellor Franz von Papen — which governed with the help of President Hindenburg between June and December 1932 — as a Jewish conspiracy. And he complains that the Jews are:
gradually extricating themselves from the mood of panic into which they had fallen. That the Jews were able to pull off such a maneuver as the Papen episode just shows how difficult it will be to push back against everything represented by Big Capital (Großkapital) and the like.
Just how strange Heidegger's conspiracy theory was can be gathered from the fact that von Papen's allegedly Jewish-controlled cabinet actually received support from another influential right-wing intellectual in the Weimar Republic, Carl Schmitt, an anti-democratic constitutional law expert whose intense anti-Semitism is now well established. Schmitt represented von Papen's government in a Leipzig court case against the Prussian government in 1932.
On April 13, 1933, Heidegger writes enthusiastically:
It can be seen from one day to the next how great a statesman Hitler is becoming. The world of our people and the Reich finds itself in a process of transformation, and all those who have eyes to see, ears to hear, and a heart for action will be swept along and put in a state of extreme excitement.
Heidegger's commitment to Hitler's state and his membership in the NSDAP turn out to be based, quite logically, in his long-standing questionable convictions. As the letters now show beyond doubt, this was in no way the decision of an opportunistic careerist or the oblivious aberration of a political ignorant — as has been argued for decades in the philosopher's defense. The familiar apologetic assumption that Heidegger adhered to a private, idiosyncratic notion of National Socialism, allegedly free from any form of racism, should be laid to rest.
The banker Fritz Heidegger (1894–1980) was always the philosopher's most important confidant: “In reality, he has one friend only — his brother,” Hannah Arendt wrote in 1952. Far fewer of Fritz's letters survive. In these, he also expresses hostility toward the Weimar Republic, but he seems to be quite persistent in his skepticism about National Socialism, to which his brother Martin is trying to win him over. Nevertheless, at least one of Fritz's associations in the correspondence, made in April 3, 1933, is quite curious indeed:
I don't know if it is pure delusion or not: Some of Hitler's postures and his gaze in current pictures often remind me of you. This parallel alone sometimes leads me to the conclusion that Hitler is an exceptional individual.
The opprobrium Martin Heidegger directs at Jews in the letters may have been typical of the widespread anti-Semitic discourse and conspiracy theories of the time. As early as 1916, he complained to his future wife of the “Jewification of our culture and universities,” against which the “German race” must “summon inner strength” to “rise up.” Still, in the case of Heidegger, such baseness is particularly abhorrent; not only were his famous academic instructor Edmund Husserl and his student and lover Hannah Arendt Jewish, but so were many other students that sat with him in his classes, including Karl Löwith, Herbert Marcuse, Leo Strauss, Jacob Klein, Elisabeth Blochmann, Hans Jonas, and Werner Brock, his last assistant prior to 1933. Complaining about his growing workload on April 13, 1933, Heidegger explains coldly: “three Jews are disappearing from my department.”
Overt arguments for the Nazi regime disappear from Heidegger's letters to his brother after 1934; the philosopher hadn't managed to persuade Fritz and abandon his attempts. In the foreword to this correspondence volume, Martin's grandson Arnulf Heidegger claims that students perceived his grandfather's lectures during the war as critical and courageous. The letters themselves, however, suggest that Heidegger's thinking never really shifted. Just like National Socialism itself, the war was, for Heidegger, a battle in defense of the “Occident” and “German-ness” against the “great threat” posed by “Bolshevism” and “Americanism” (Jan. 29, 1943). On June 7, 1942, the philosopher still wonders why “our propaganda” doesn't reveal “Americanism in all of its excesses.” Ultimately, he was left befuddled: “What the Weltgeist (world spirit) has in store for the Germans is a mystery. Just as murky is why it is using the Americans and Bolsheviks as its servants” (Jan. 18, 1945).
After the end of the war, Heidegger stayed true to this victim mentality, both in regard to his country and to himself. On July 23, 1945, he writes of “KZ-people” — presumably referring to concentration camp survivors who were housed in Heidegger's apartment — as being “not so nice,” just like the situation at his university, where “everything is dreadful and worse than during Nazi times.” The postwar expulsion of Germans (from regions east of present-day Germany) exceeds, Heidegger argues in April 1946, “all organized criminal atrocities” prior to 1945. And the Jews? “I find a Heinrich-Heine-Street to be completely unnecessary, because it makes no sense in Messkirch,” Heidegger writes to his brother Fritz on July 31, 1945. The newly published letters show clearly that it can no longer be denied: the case of Martin Heidegger has been both a scholarly and moral disaster in Germany's intellectual history.
¤
Translated from the German by Charles Hawley. The review first appeared in Die Zeit on October 12, 2016.
¤
Adam Soboczynski is the head of the culture and feature section (Feuilleton) at Die Zeit in Hamburg, Germany.
Alexander Cammann, editor for literature at the weekly newspaper Die Zeit (Hamburg), was born in 1973 and lives in Berlin.
Rick Santorum warned that if Iran procures a nuclear weapon, it would pose a threat even to Missouri.
ADVERTISEMENT
“
”
“
”
Once they have a nuclear weapon, let me assure you, you will not be safe, even here in Missouris,Santorum said Friday at a campaign stop in the Show Me State.These are folks who have been and are at war with us since 1979. This is a country that has killed more troops in Afghanistan and Iraq than the Iraqis and Afghans.
Santorum's saber-rattling on Iran is nothing new. In the past he's said that he would attack nuclear facilities in Iran if the country did not agree to international nuclear arms inspections.
He's in the middle of a campaign swing through Missouri, where Newt Gingrich did not make the ballot. Santorum is hoping to shrug off a pair of disappointing showings in the South Carolina and Florida primaries, where he ended up near the lower end of the field, with a strong showing. He and Gingrich have been fighting to be the conservative alternative to front-runner Mitt Romney.
The former Pennsylvania senator has said he would not drop out of the race after one or a small number of poor primary showings.
Af: Thomas Jazrawi
Pressemedarbejder hos NOAH
Den danske valgkamp bliver ført i en lille andedam, hvor den verden, der betyder mere og mere for danskerenes hverdag, er glemt.
Det er bestemt ikke de danske vælgeres skyld. De fleste danskere interesserer sig for verden. Men journalister, eksperter og politiske kommentatorer synes stadig at leve i det forrige årtusinde. Derfor handler valgkampen om økonomisk vækst, asylansøgere og flygtninge.
Beslutningstagere i verden omkring os har for længst opdaget, at tingene hænger sammen. Det gælder også ovenstående emner. Den økonomiske vækst i Danmark hænger sammen med miljøødelæggelser og global opvarmning. Det skaber flygtninge.
Den værste krise i nyere tid
Der er en konkurrence mellem de to bejlere til statsministerposten om, hvem der kan forhindre flest flygtninge i at komme ind i landet, fordi der er et mindre antal vælgere, der lægger stor vægt på dette. På den anden side fortsætter vi med de aktiviteter, der skaber forhold i fattige lande, som mennesker vil flygte fra.
Dertil kommer klimaforandringer, der allerede nu skaber oversvømmelser, tørke og ekstremt vejr, særligt i landene i Syd. Mellemøsten er særligt hårdt ramt. Den værste krise i nyere tid sker netop nu lige foran vores øjne i Syrien. Blandt de væsentligste årsager til borgerkrigen er klimaforandringer. Der er lavet flere studier, som konkluderer, at en af årsagerne til borgerkrigens udbrud er tørken fra 2006 til 2010 – den værste i landets historie.
Den gjorde, at mange mennesker på landet, der er afhængige af landbrug, måtte se høst efter høst gå tabt. Det skabte sammen med uroen i Irak i 2007 voldsomme flygtningestrømme til Syriens byer. Byerne kunne slet ikke håndtere de mange nye tilflyttere, og det var en af de væsentlige årsager til, at krigen brød ud, vurderer flere forskere.
Et andet eksempel på, hvordan den økonomiske vækst i Danmark påvirker fattige lande, er Bangladesh. Tekstilproduktion i det fattige og overbefolkede land sender årligt 30 milliarder liter spildevand ud i floder og undergrund i et land, der i forvejen har store problemer med vandforsyningen. Danmarks import af tekstiler fra Bangladesh udgjorde i 2014 4,2 milliarder kroner. Hver dansker bruger i gennemsnit 16 kg. tøj om året.
Uforpligtende politik
Forbruget i Danmark har altså negative konsekvenser for de lande, hvorfra folk i hobetal flygter for øjeblikket. Økonomisk vækst, klima, miljø hænger sammen med konflikt, fattigdom, sult og flygtninge. Det har de fleste eksperter og beslutningstagere uden for Danmark erkendt. Men ikke journalister, eksperter og politiske kommentatorer i Danmark.
Imens vil danske politikere øge den økonomiske vækst, skære i udviklingsbistanden og hjælpe flygtninge i nærområderne. Det sidste forslag vil sandsynligvis føre til, at flere stater i nærområderne bryder sammen. 86% af alle verdens flygtninge befinder sig i udviklingslande. Jordan har en befolkning på 5 millioner og huser 2 millioner flygtninge. Libanon med en befolkning på 4 millioner huser over en a million.
Den politik, der bliver ført i Danmark på adskillige områder, har ikke blot konsekvenser for indbyggerne i dette land. Sådan er det at leve i en globaliseret verden. Vi lever godt af billige priser på varer produceret under elendige forhold, men har vi ikke et ansvar for, at vores forbrug ikke skader mennesker og miljø i andre lande?
Politikerne slipper alt for nemt afsted med deres uforpligtende politik. Hvis vi ikke gør en indsats i Danmark, vil tilstandene forværres. Vi er nødt til at se sammenhængene mellem det nationale og det internationale og de forskellige politikområder.
Det bliver der talt meget om andre steder op til de tre store konferencer i efteråret, hvor aftaler om udviklingsfinansiering, de nye bæredygtige udviklingsmål og klimaet skal vedtages. Vigtigheden af disse aftaler er der tilsyneladende ingen af de danske redaktører og politiske eksperter, der forstår.
Verden betyder meget for Danmark, og Danmark betyder meget for verden. Lad os gøre relationen positiv.
debat@altinget.dk
It's The Middle's 200th episode and like with the 100th, the writers have incorporated this number into the episode. The city of Orson has been named the 200th most livable city (in Indiana) and when you have someone like Nancy Donahue living in your town, you know that's going to be celebrated. Orson is going all out for this great achievement, with 200 balloons, 200 desserts and a special gift basket with 200 coupons for the 200th car that passes the city line that day. The celebration will take place on the same day as the Orson cow re-dedication ceremony. Sue and Frankie love the idea, but of course Mike finds it dumb.
But before we go on to the party for Orson, let's dive into the other storylines this week. Axl has been putting some serious work into his job hunt and has sent his resume to a few companies. After Sue picks up Axl's phone once, one company thinks that she's his assistant, an idea that Axl likes because it would improve his chances to get an interview. So Sue agrees to be his ‘Assisterant', as long as Axl promises to never make jokes about freezing her head after she dies (great callback, used in multiple episodes throughout the show). After Axl gets his first real interview, she drives him there and when Axl still feels he isn't ready for a job, she encourages and later forces him to go in for the interview. Axl eventually nails it and finally has a job!
Meanwhile, after realizing 2 weeks ago that Cindy might want him back, Brick confronts her about it and tells her he wants to get back together. But Cindy hasn't forgotten about the horrible way that Brick broke up with her and makes him work for it: he has to perform three acts of bravery to win her back. Brick has a hard time coming up with three acts, but he really tries. Number 1 is getting her a mop (and of course, she needed one). Number 2 is attempting to get Cindy's backup safari hat back from the Glossners. Brick fails, but Cindy gives him points for effort so all he has to do now is come up with a 3rd act. He can't come up with something, so when the deadline passes he confesses to Cindy that he should've never broken up with her. Cindy sees that as act number 3 and takes him back.
So while Brindy is getting back together, one of the neighbors has some bad news on the relationship front. Bill Norwood informs Mike that he and Paula have separated. Bill pours his heart out to him, but Mike being Mike doesn't really know how to react to it. But after a talk with Bill about what went wrong between him and Paula, Mike realizes that he should appreciate Frankie and the rest of the family more, which gives us some great moments of Mike showing us a side that we've never really seen of him before. Even Frankie is surprised by the sudden attention she's getting from him.
On the day of Orson's 200th party, Mike, with his newfound appreciation for his wife and kids, voluntarily steps up to give a speech about Orson. He tells all the people in Orson not to forget how lucky they are to live in a town like this, where everybody helps each other out and illustrates this with an example of when the Hecks' roof was leaking (another callback: Bad Choices, season 3, episode 6). The neighbors all came out to help, including Bill (it's nice that Mike mentions him in his speech, it kind of makes up for the awkwardness between them earlier in the episode) who brings his hammer. It turns out this hammer was not his, but has been with every neighbor in town when they needed help with something. The hammer is the perfect symbol of what Orson stands for and that's why Mike decided to put it in the time capsule Nancy asked the Hecks to fill months ago (which Frankie obviously forgot about again). “I think people in the future should know that this is a town where people help each other out because you do for family. And that's what we are.” (Shut up, I'm not crying, you are!!!)
Frankie later tells Mike how amazing his speech was and also acknowledges how loving Mike has been lately, but before the moment can get too sentimental, Mike finds a way to ruin it, in a way only Mike could, by disagreeing with Frankie about them being soulmates, ending the 200th episode on a sweet and funny note.
200 episodes. What a great milestone. It's amazing for a show to reach this amount of episodes (kudos to Patricia Heaton for having been on two shows that reach 200), but what's even more amazing is that the show is still as good, if not better than when it started in 2009. Over the years the characters have developed a lot. The kids have grown up and the parents have found a way to deal with that. In all these episodes the show has never felt stale. And even when there were episodes that I enjoyed less than the average episode, it's still better than a lot of shows out there. The writers have always been able to come up with great and original storylines, that do not only make us laugh but make us cry sometimes too.
This 200th episode was perfect in that way as well. I think the whole episode just embodied what this show is about. It had heart and lots of great jokes, something the show has always tried to balance in every episode. Every storyline in this episode made me happy. I'm glad Axl has finally found a job, I really hope he can stick with it and I wonder how he will like it. I'm also very happy that Brick and Cindy are back together. I really enjoy the character of Cindy, so it's nice to see her back. Seeing this different side of Mike was very sweet. I think it's great that he was the one to give this fantastic and emotional speech because this is something that you would not expect.
I also really loved seeing some familiar faces from earlier seasons. Of course there were the Donahues, who are always great, but it was also nice to see Mr. Ehlert and Debbie and Courtney back!
All in all, this was a really great way to celebrate this milestone episode! Congratulations to the cast and crew of The Middle on this amazing accomplishment! I wish I could say: “Here's to another 200!” (I would also be okay with 100 more episodes or, I don't know, 300…), but sadly that's not going to happen. All I can say now is that I hope that the remaining 15 episodes will be as great as the show has always been.
Next week the last Christmas episode of The Middle airs. Tune in December 12th, 8/7c on ABC!
❤️❤️❤️
"This is a town where people help each other out, because you do it for family. That's what we are." 💚 #TheMiddle pic.twitter.com/GvB9KFNCLe — The Middle (@TheMiddle_ABC) December 6, 2017
Like this: Like Loading...
Daniel Murphy played through knee pain in the playoffs. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
The Nationals made two major announcements regarding the 2018 season last Friday. The first, the one ending Dusty Baker's tenure as manager, generated headlines, uproar, and speculation. The second one flew under the radar, but it could also have a significant impact on the organization.
That announcement, delivered via a one-paragraph press release, revealed that all-star second baseman Daniel Murphy underwent surgery to repair damage to the articular cartilage in his right knee. The club said the procedure was successful. Not mentioned: Murphy played through the knee injury for an unspecified amount of time and there's a decent chance he won't be ready for Opening Day in 2018.
A timeline for his rehabilitation wasn't given for obvious reasons. The Nationals understandably are reluctant to divulge those details, wary of creating expectations that may not be met. The statement said only that “Murphy's rehab will begin immediately and will progress throughout the offseason.”
[Nationals' next manager will inherit a World Series contender and a history of volatility]
First, a quick, layman's explainer. Articular cartilage is the tissue at the end of bones that serves as the cushion in joints. A debridement removes pieces of cartilage that aren't working correctly. Microfracture surgery is done if the defect is considered severe enough. In that procedure, the surgeon pokes little holes into the bone to stimulate bleeding and the blood supplies cells to form a clot that forms new cartilage to fill in tears and holes. The new cartilage isn't as strong as the articular cartilage so it's likelier to eventually wear down, but it provides cushioning for some time.
Two orthopedic specialists who haven't seen the extent of damage in Murphy's knee but have extensive experience with this injury in athletes said Murphy will likely need at least six months for a full recovery. The Nationals' season begins on March 29, a little more than five months after Murphy's procedure, and some sort of rehab games would be likely before Murphy jumps into big-league action.
Dr. Bert Mandelbaum, a co-chair of the Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles, and Dr. Luga Podesta, who served as the team physician for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Los Angeles Angels for a combined 19 seasons, said Murphy could need up to 12 months depending on some variables, including the size and location of the defect in the cartilage. They both said it's usually somewhere in the middle.
“There's a range. We don't know this case,” Dr. Mandelbaum said. “The range could be six to 12 months, depending on the size and depth of the lesion. If it's a relatively small one, it could be on the six-month side. If it's a big one, it could be closer to the 12-month side. So I hate to put a number on this situation. I'd want to put a range depending on, for example, if it's a five-millimeter hole, it's one thing. If it's a 20-millimeter hole, it's a different thing. The devil's in the details and it's very scalable.”
There are exceptions to the range. Los Angeles Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner, for example, underwent microfracture surgery on his left knee on Oct. 21, 2015 and was on the Dodgers' 2016 Opening Day roster, though he didn't start until the team's fifth game of the season on April 11.
Mandelbaum said people usually are on crutches and use a motion machine to stimulate healing for about six weeks after microfracture surgery. They could begin swimming and biking exercises after about three weeks. A gradual progression is then made over the next three to nine months.
The 32-year-old Murphy finished the 2017 season with the gaudy numbers the baseball world has come to expect from him — a .322 batting average with 23 home runs, 43 doubles, and a .928 on-base-plus-slugging percentage. It was a slight dropoff from his 2016 MVP runner-up campaign, when he finished second in baseball in hitting in his first year with Washington. But it still was an elite offensive season.
[Svrluga: Out: Dusty Baker. In: A manager who'd better win a World Series. Apply within.]
Further, he played in 144 games without a trip to the disabled list. But Murphy occasionally missed games with leg soreness, though he usually did not want to talk about it, and went through stretches in which he didn't look like himself. A step slow. A bit off at the plate. Clunkier. As Baker would often say, Murphy had spoiled everyone with his recent career renaissance so his struggles were magnified. But Murphy seemed off. A significant knee injury makes sense in retrospect.
“The problem with the knee, especially with a baseball player, it affects how they throw and affects the way they hit,” Dr. Podesta said. “So if they can't pivot on that knee or twist, that could be significant enough to change his throwing mechanics or his swing mechanics. And then he can't get out of the box to run.”
The Nationals could turn to Wilmer Difo to start at second base if Murphy misses time. Or Murphy's surgery could impel them to acquire a starting-caliber second baseman as insurance. One potential option is re-signing Howie Kendrick, who batted .293 with an .837 OPS in 52 games after the Nationals traded for him in July.
Regardless, Murphy's decision to undergo surgery so quickly after the Nationals' playoff exit was the best possible time for both player and club. It maximizes the offseason recovery time as he enters the final year of his three-year, $37.5 million deal. The Nationals should have Murphy for most of next season and he should have enough time to solidify his value before free agency. The question is exactly how much time. There's a chance it won't be the entire 2018 campaign.
More on the Nationals:
Astros bench coach Alex Cora is a hot managerial candidate and a fleeting presence during ALCS
Who's next? A few possibilities for manager of the Nationals.
Boswell: Harper is a year from free agency. So what's he really worth?
WASHINGTON -- President-elect Donald Trump says that President Barack Obama's health care law “will fall of its own weight.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan says the law is “in what the actuaries call a death spiral.”
And Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says that “by nearly any measure, Obamacare has failed.”
The problem with all these claims: They are exaggerated, if not downright false.
As congressional Republicans prepare to repeal the health law, they are working to portray it as a mess of Democrats' making, and themselves as the ones who will clean up that mess.
In the process they are exaggerating the law's very real problems, according to health care experts, who largely believe that the Affordable Care Act's troubles with high prices and lack of competition could be addressed with bipartisan solutions.
Republicans, who've gained political advantage from campaigning against the law since its passage in 2010, aren't interested in playing along. Instead they've denounced the law and made the case to repeal it, although there are signs some are getting cold feet now that the reality is upon them.
Democrats, too, are guilty of rhetorical excesses around the health care law, often claiming that it's working as intended while downplaying its flaws.
But with Republicans in the majority and driving the agenda, here's a look at some of the GOP claims about the law, and how they compare with the facts:
TRUMP, RYAN AND MCCONNELL: The law will “fall of its own weight,” is in a “death spiral” and “has failed.”
THE FACTS: Experts agree that the law is not currently in a “death spiral,” an actuarial term that refers to a vicious cycle when rising insurance costs force healthy customers out of the marketplace, resulting in still higher prices, which cause even more customers to bail, etc., until the system collapses.
But some say that if the current situation continues, that is a likely or possible scenario. Health care premiums are jumping by double digits this year, and the health care marketplaces created by the law are short on the healthy consumers who make insurance companies profitable.
“It's not a failure in that 20 million people or more have insurance that didn't use to have insurance. Everything else, it's too early to judge,” said economist Gail Wilensky, who ran Medicare under former President George H.W. Bush.
“To say that the exchange markets remain unstable and in turmoil is an appropriate statement,” she said. “To say that they're in a death spiral really depends on what happens.”
The American Academy of Actuaries itself disputed the “death spiral” claim Monday. The group provided a statement from its senior health fellow asserting that high premium increases in many states this year “do not necessarily indicate that a premium spiral is occurring” and could be a one-time adjustment.
---
RYAN: “You cannot fix a fundamentally broken law; you've got to replace it.”
THE FACTS: Experts agree that Congress could fix the law's problems, should it choose to do so. Indeed many argue that some of the law's problems can be traced to the decision by Obama and Democrats to push it through on a partisan basis - alienating Republicans who have refused ever since to participate in any attempt to tweak the law to improve it, as would be necessary with any program of such size and complexity.
Some predict that when Republicans get through with their repeal-and-replace effort, what it will really amount to will be an improved Obamacare - even if they don't admit it.
The health care exchanges, for example, could be improved with changes aimed at getting more young and healthy people to sign up, such as giving insurers more flexibility to charge older people higher prices.
“You could, I think, relatively simply address the issues that the exchanges have,” said Dan Mendelson, president of Avalere Health, a health consulting firm, noting that other major programs including Medicare have been tweaked repeatedly since their creation. “If you freeze a program in a point of time, it is likely to have problems, and that's exactly what's happening.”
Bob Laszewski, a health care consultant, predicted: “Before this all ends they're going to fix it ... The Republicans are going to say they repealed and replaced, and the Democrats are going to say they fixed it.”
---
MCCONNELL: Obamacare “didn't lower costs, it didn't increase choice.”
THE FACTS: McConnell's comments are true in part.
The first five years of Obama's presidency saw historically slow growth in U.S. health care spending, though experts differ on whether the law had anything to do with that. Some credit the global recession. Individual consumers in the law's marketplaces, meanwhile, face higher premiums this year, though subsidies protected most customers from the increases.
And while the Affordable Care Act did increase choice initially in the individual market, that is not the case now with brand-name insurers bailing out of the online state markets, although the many Americans with employer-based health coverage have been insulated from such changes.
In about one-third of U.S. counties, consumers in the individual markets don't have a choice of plans.
“It depends on whom you're talking about,” said Larry Levitt, senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. “For people with pre-existing conditions, choices are infinitely more abundant because they couldn't get coverage at all. For someone who's young and healthy there are likely fewer choices available now than before.”
Image caption Bangladesh, Indonesia, India and Vietnam are poised to benefit as China's costs rise
Labour costs are rising in China, with official figures showing minimum wages have grown by more than a fifth.
The average minimum wage in most of the country rose by 21.7% at the end of September, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security said.
This comes despite a broader economic slowdown engineered by Beijing to bring down inflation.
Rising costs may mean China will lose its edge as one of the world's cheapest manufacturing centres.
According to a study by consultants KPMG, Indonesia and Bangladesh are benefiting most as rising costs in China force firms to switch production.
The figures cover 21 of China's 31 provinces and regions, the ministry said.
The city of Shenzhen, next to Hong Kong, guarantees the highest minimum wage of 1,320 yuan ($207; £130) a month.
Beijing offers the best hourly rate of 13 yuan ($2).
The rise in minimum wages is in line with China's efforts to boost spending power and domestic consumption.
KPMG says that minimum wage levels in China are four times greater than other places in South and South East Asia.
However, it believes China can defend its position because of its productivity and infrastructure.
China is still dominant in the production of goods such as consumer electronics and furniture.
A nightmarish string of medical errors left a Long Island baby dead, and her grieving parents were falsely accused of abuse, according to a lawsuit.
Sara Keenan, 35, had breastfed baby Lana and put her down for a nap on Jan. 3, 2014. About an hour later, the dad, Padraig Keenan, 37, found the 3-month-old in her crib, choking on her own vomit, they claim.
Miraculously, a houseguest who works as an EMT quickly revived the baby, who began to breathe again.
The parents then called 911, unknowingly igniting a chain reaction of medical missteps that doomed their tiny daughter, according to their suit.
Emergency medical technicians from Exchange Ambulances of the Islips failed to intubate the infant, give oxygen, or even protect her from frigid temperatures as they carried her to an ambulance parked four doors away, according to court papers filed last week.
Instead of taking the child to pediatric intensive care units at nearby Good Samaritan or Stony Brook hospitals, the medics brought her to Bay Shore's Southside Hospital. There, an emergency-room doctor pumped the 12-pound girl with a “cornucopia of drugs,” including Propofol, the powerful sedative linked to Michael Jackson's death.
The deadly cocktail lowered the infant's blood pressure so much, oxygen didn't get to her brain for at least an hour. An attempt to correct the condition with epinephrine, meant to raise Lana's blood pressure, failed when an IV was incorrectly inserted, the suit claims.
The baby was then brought more than an hour away, to Cohen Children's Medical Center in Queens. Cohen and Southside are part of Northwell Health, formerly known as North Shore-LIJ.
At Cohen, Dr. Jamie Hoffman-Rosenfeld entered the picture, introducing herself to the Keenans as “Dr. House,” the quirky but brilliant TV diagnostician.
She decided the infant had shaken-baby syndrome, the suit claims.
Hoffman-Rosenfeld led “a bogus, illegitimate, and wholly contrived witch hunt falsely accusing both of harming their child and causing the injury which ultimately led to her death,” the Brooklyn federal court suit says.
“The type of brain damage [Lana] sustained did not even closely resemble what is seen in ‘shaken baby syndrome' or cases involving intentional or accidental ‘traumatic head injury,' ” according to the lawsuit.
As Lana lay dying, the doctor and Suffolk County social workers secured orders of protection barring the parents from being near their infant, and took custody of their sons, 6 and 3.
Suffolk County cops and the Suffolk District Attorney's Office investigated Hoffman-Rosenfeld's findings but uncovered no criminality. Two autopsies later confirmed that no physical abuse occurred.
But the child protection agency pursued a custody case, alleging parental abuse, in Suffolk Family Court for 11 months after Lana's death in February 2014.
The Keenans were finally cleared in January 2015.
The contractor and his wife, who has since given birth to another daughter, believe the Family Court case was pursued to pressure them into making a false confession and clearing the medical community of culpability.
The couple want unspecified damages from Hoffman-Rosenfeld, Northwell Health, Suffolk County, the ambulance company and others.
Northwell Health noted that state law requires health workers to report child injuries.
“The loss of a child obviously is a tragedy, and we have extended our sympathies to the family,” spokesman Terry Lynam added.
Lord knows this was painful to watch last Saturday. It seems like the entire second half was nothing but our corners getting beat on back-shoulder passes when they weren't busy picking up pass interference flags. I highlighted that matchup before the game, and it ended up killing us way too many times. Here's an educated guess: Purdue coaches will have studied the shit out of that game film and will realize that they too can probably pick on Shelton, Hillary, and Jean in similar fashion to what ASU did to us. The million dollar question is can we adjust? Can the corners get their heads turned around in time to make a play on the ball? Can they keep their hands off the receivers and rely on their footwork and positioning to make plays without picking up penalties? This is the number one area I'm looking to see improvement in other than end-game kneel-down situations with terrible refs at the helm.
Two of the clouds left in the wake of the ATREX experiment shine on March 27, 2012. The rockets released trimethyl aluminum, a substance that burns spontaneously in the presence of oxygen.
NASA will launch a rocket tonight (Jan. 29) on a mission that promises to put on a spectacular, albeit brief, light show over the U.S. East Coast that may be visible to stargazers along the Atlantic Seaboard, weather permitting.
Unsuspecting observers of the artificial night sky display may be puzzled and amazed, so before you make that phone call to your local media outlet or police station, here is why this is happening and when you might see it.
The bright phenomenon will be caused by an experiment aboard a NASA sounding rocket. As part the mission, the rocket will release a chemical tracer that should create two bright, red-colored lithium vapor trails in space that may be seen by observers across the mid-Atlantic region, and possibly from even further away.
The rocket will be fired from NASA's Wallops Island Flight Facility on Virginia's Atlantic coast. Liftoff is slated to occur as early as 5:30 p.m. EST (2230 GMT). The suborbital rocket, which can launch high above Earth but not orbit the planet, will be launched tonight to test technology for gathering science data during future projects. [NASA Rocket Launches Light Up Night Sky (Photos)]
You can watch the launch live on SPACE.com here via a webcast that will begin at 4:30 p.m. EST (2130 GMT).
This NASA map shows the visibility range for the planned Jan. 29 launch of a sounding rocket designed to release glowing red vapor trails in the night sky as part of an atmospheric experiment. (Image: © NASA)
By rocket's red glare
The launch window for tonight's NASA night light show opens at 5:30 p.m. EST and extends to 6:50 p.m. EST (2350 GMT), but the optimum target time is 5:45 p.m. EST (2245 GMT). NASA intends to photograph the resulting red luminescent trails from Wallops Island and from an aircraft as well.
You can submit any amazing photos of the launch or the resulting night sky show to SPACE.com here: spacephotos@space.com.
Should weather conditions be unfavorable, the firings will be deferred to another night. Alternate dates run from Thursday through Friday (Jan. 30 to Feb. 1).
The sounding rocket that will be used to create the two NASA-made glowing cloud trails will be a Terrier-Improved Orion.In this technology test launch, two canisters in the rocket's payload section will contain solid metal lithium rods or chips embedded in a thermite cake. The thermite is ignited and produces heat to vaporize the lithium.
NASA scientists work on a sounding rocket slated to launch on Jan. 29, 2013, to create potentially dazzlingly bright red streaks in the night sky over the U.S. East Coast. The mission will launch from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. (Image: © NASA/Wallops Flight Facility)
Once the vapor is released in space, it can be detected and tracked optically. The rocket will eject two streams of lithium which will be illuminated at high altitudes by the sun (which will be below the local horizon at ground level).
Libby West, mission project manager with the NASA Sounding Rocket Program at Wallops, said: "This launch is a technology test flight for two upcoming missions. We will be testing two different methods for creating the lithium vapor to determine which configuration is best for observing various science phenomena in space."
During the flight, one vapor trail will occur at an altitude of about 72 miles (116 kilometers) and the second will occur at about 78 miles (126 km) up. When heated, the lithium rods change to lithium vapor and small amounts of lithium oxide. The thermite reaction produces iron and aluminum oxide. The lithium combustion process poses no threat to the public during the release in space.
A NASA map for the mission shows the trajectory of the rocket launch, as well as expanding circles indicating the visibility of the lithium vapor streaks at different times.
In the map, the blue line extending out from the launch site toward the 4 o'clock position represents the trajectory of the rocket; at the end of the blue line is where the lithium clouds will be released. The outer yellow circle extends for a radius of approximately 400 miles (645 km), marking the boundary where the clouds will appear at a maximum altitude of 10 degrees above the horizon. This is roughly comparable to the width of your clenched fist held at arm's length.
The key to making a sighting is to have a clear, unobstructed view of the horizon in the direction of Wallops Island. For example, a viewer in Raleigh, N.C., should look toward the northeast; in New Haven, Conn., you should face southwest; in Philadelphia, Pa., it'll be toward the southeast. [Amazing Stargazer Photos for January 2013 (Gallery)]
This table shows the direction and altitude above the horizon of the NASA lithium cloud experiment rocket launching on Jan. 29, 2013. (Image: © Joe Rao/SPACE.com)
In the table accompanying this guide, I have calculated the altitude and direction of where you should look for 15 selected cities.
If you live along the Atlantic Seaboard and live outside of the yellow circle, you should still make an attempt to try and see the lithium clouds. At an altitude of 78 miles, theoretically they might be seen as far as 850 miles (1,370 km) from the release point. Their altitude will be less than 10 degrees above the horizon, but assuming your sky is free of any cloud cover or haze and you have an unobstructed view in the direction of Wallops Island, you certainly will have a chance of getting a glimpse of this atmospheric experiment.
Viewers as far north as southern Quebec and Nova Scotia and as far south as northern Florida might be able to catch the clouds as low as five degrees above the horizon.
For places situated to the west, toward the Ohio and Tennessee River Valleys, there will be a caveat in that the sun will have only recently set and the twilight sky may still be too bright to see the artificial clouds.
The gusty jet stream
Looking up along the trajectory from the ground, such chemical trails often appear distorted in complex ways. Among other things, their shape provides scientists with precise data on wind speeds and directions at various levels of the upper atmosphere. [Earth's Atmosphere from Top to Bottom (Infographic)]
The jet stream at nearly 80 miles (128 km) above the Earth's surface is much higher than the one commonly reported in weather forecasts. The winds found in this upper jet stream typically have speeds well over 300 mph (482 kph) and create rapid transport from the Earth's mid latitudes to the polar regions.
This jet stream is also located in the same region where strong electrical currents occur in the ionosphere. It is therefore a region with a lot of electrical turbulence, of the type that can adversely affect satellite and radio communications.
NASA plans to launch two more missions his year that will use the lithium trails to assist scientists in observing events in space. The first launch will blast off in April from Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands, located out in the central Pacific Ocean. The second flight will occur in June, again at the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.
Last year, NASA launched five sounding rockets in five minutes to create a spectacular light show that amazed stargazers all along the Eastern Seaboard.
"We're Being Invaded!"
NASA used to conduct chemical cloud experiments from Wallops Island much more frequently during the 1960s, '70s and '80s, usually in the predawn hours when most people were asleep. Chemicals such as tri-methyl aluminum, barium and tri-ethylborane were used, often creating rather exotic colors of red, green and purple.
When such launches took place during convenient evening hours they usually took people by surprise. In March 1967, when three clouds were released around 7 p.m. they were followed by countless numbers of people all along the East Coast calling newspapers and police stations, asking for explanations of the strange sightings. One man described the rocket residue as "red balls of fire."
In January 1975, a barium cloud was released at around 5:30 p.m. in the evening. As luck would have it, the town of Riverhead, N.Y., was hit by a power outage at the very same moment that the cloud appeared in the sky.
This resulted in a panic among the local residents who believed that the cloud had something to do with the loss of their power. One man called the local police station and shouted: "We're being invaded! I can see the spaceship in the sky right now … it's glowing with a greenish color and expanding as it's draining us of our electric power!"
Editor's note: If you snap an amazing photo of tonight's NASA rocket launch, the bright red cloud streaks, or any other night sky object, that you'd like to share for a possible story or image gallery, send photos, comments and your name and location to managing editor Tariq Malik at spacephotos@space.com.
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York's Hayden Planetarium. He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and other publications, and he is also an on-camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester, New York.
There are still 42 days and four debates left before the presidential election and many signs point to a close outcome, but recent polling both nationally and in key battleground states like Ohio has conservatives concerned about the impact President Obama could have on the judiciary in a second term.
The New Yorker's Jeffrey Toobin joins Morning Joe to discuss President Obama's relationship with the Supreme Court, Chief Justice John Roberts and his ruling on the Affordable Care Act, and the relationships the justices have with one another.
So far Obama has appointed 159 judges to the federal bench, including his two Supreme Court selections, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
With Sotomayor and Kagan, Obama simply replaced two members of the liberal bloc on the court (John Paul Stevens and David Souter) with two younger liberals. But most of the Obama-appointed judges – 127 of them – are trial judges who exert less influence on the broad direction of the law than do appeals court judges or Supreme Court justices.
Recommended: Obama denounces violence in the Middle East, calls for tolerance and democracy
Both on the Supreme Court – where “swing vote” Justice Anthony Kennedy and conservative Justice Antonin Scalia are age 76 – and on the courts of appeal, where there are now 14 vacancies, Obama would be able to nudge the courts in a progressive direction if he wins a second term.
Slideshow: On the campaign trail Reuters, Getty Images In the final push in the 2012 presidential election, candidates Mitt Romney and Barack Obama make their last appeals to voters. Launch slideshow
The high court begins its 2012-13 term on Monday and has scheduled arguments on the use of race in undergraduate admissions decisions at the University of Texas and on whether multinational firms can be sued for their alleged role in human rights abuses that occur outside the United States. It's also likely the court will take up challenges to the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, which defines marriage as solely the union of one man and one woman.
“It would be a bad mistake for conservatives to get gloomy and defeatist. This election is very winnable,” said Ed Whelan, president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and a former Scalia law clerk who served in the Justice Department under President George W. Bush.
But Whelan added, “There are lots of reasons why anyone concerned about America's future should rue the prospect of President Obama's re-election. What President Obama would do to the Supreme Court is high on the list.”
Alex Wong / Getty Images
“The potential impact of the next president on the Supreme Court is immense,” said Carrie Severino, the chief counsel and policy director at the Judicial Crisis Network, a right-of-center advocacy group. “There could easily be three nominations during the next term. … Most people expect there to be at least one vacancy.”
She said if Obama were re-elected and got three more high court nominations, “that would put him in the position of having nominated the majority of the justices on the Supreme Court. That's an incredible influence over the way the court shapes American society.”
She said there's now a 5-4 split on issues that have been before or are coming before the court, such as whether schools can use applicants' and students' race or ethnicity in admissions or in assigning students to specific public schools.
From racial preferences to gun owners' rights to immigration to same-sex marriage, “you name it – there are so many issues where the outcome turns on one vote at the Supreme Court and the president could easily be shaping that next vote,” Severino said. And those concerns extend even to a possible Romney presidency.
Curt Levey, president of the Committee for Justice, a conservative group that tracks judicial nominations, said Chief Justice John Roberts' decision to join the four liberal-leaning justices in upholding Obama's Affordable Care Act “has made conservatives think somewhat differently” about judicial nominees. “There's a lot of sober thinking among conservatives that it is not just enough to appoint somebody who we know to have the right philosophy – you have to appoint somebody who has shown, either as a judge or perhaps in some other setting, that they will stick with that philosophy even when there's political pressure to do otherwise.”
Of course, it's not just those on the right who are warily watching the election outcome and its impact on the judiciary. Doug Kendall, president of the Constitutional Accountability Center, a progressive think tank and advocacy group, said, “I think a Romney presidency has a far greater potential to shift the court to the right than a second Obama term would have the potential to shift it to the left.”
Kendall said the most likely high court retiree is Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 79, appointed to the court by President Bill Clinton in 1993. “If President Romney nominates her successor, it will have a huge impact on the ideological balance of the court. If President Obama appoints Justice Ginsburg's successor it will simply continue the current ideological balance and will not move the court to the left at all.”
As for appeals court and trial court judges, Severino contends that in his first term Obama has not put great emphasis on appointing them. “Many of us were surprised – and relieved – that he didn't do that in his first term. It will be interesting to see whether his focus shifts” to judicial nominations if he wins a second term, Severino said.
After eight years of Democrats delaying and blocking Bush judicial nominees such as Miguel Estrada and William Pryor, Levey said Senate Republicans decided when Obama became president “they weren't just going to roll over” on his judicial nominees. But “the bigger reason Obama has had a record low number of confirmations, at least taken as percentage of the judiciary, is that Obama hasn't made it a priority.”
For example, there are now 14 appeals court vacancies but only 7 Obama nominees for those vacancies.
Senate Republicans have succeeded in blocking a couple of Obama's appeals court picks: Goodwin Liu in California and Caitlin Halligan in the District of Columbia. And they have slowed the pace of confirmation for those whom Obama has nominated.
A report issued last week by the Congressional Research Service (CRS) looked at waiting times for uncontroversial appeals court nominees, defined as nominees whom the Judiciary Committee approved by voice vote or by a unanimous roll call vote, and who were ultimately confirmed by the full Senate by voice vote, or with five or fewer ‘nay' votes.
The CRS report found that the average number of days from nomination by the president to Senate confirmation went from 64 days during Ronald Reagan's presidency to 201 days in George W. Bush's presidency to 227 days during Obama's presidency.
“My expectation is that President Obama will have to take that battle on more directly in a second term,” Kendall said.
Noting that Republicans had prevented confirmation of Obama's two nominees to the powerful U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which hears most regulatory agency appeals, Kendall said, “He needs to fill those seats” and needs to “exercise his constitutional authority as president to fill vacancies on that incredibly important court.”
Here's a really interesting moment in state-level politics: A GOP state Representative in Texas, Betty Brown, asked a representative from a Chinese-American group if they could just adopt new names that would be “easier for Americans to deal with.”
The Houston Chronicle reports that during a committee hearing on a voter-identification bill, a representative from the Organization of Chinese Americans complained that there can be confusion because many Asian-Americans will have their legal, transliterated names as well as common English names that can appear on driver's licenses and school registrations.
“Can't you see that this is something that would make it a lot easier for you and the people who are poll workers,” said Brown, “if you could adopt a name just for identification purposes that's easier for Americans to deal with?”
Um, the difficulty as it was explained here is that many Asian-Americans do just exactly that — and that's the problem when it comes to Voter ID.
The state Dems pounced on Brown's comments, calling them “disrespectful.” Brown's spokesman, meanwhile, accused the Dems of whipping up partisan feelings with racial rhetoric: “They want this to just be about race.”
By SIMON WALTERS
Last updated at 18:08 17 February 2008
A new sharia law controversy erupted last night over Government plans to issue special "Islamic bonds" to pay for Gordon Brown's public-spending programme by raising money from the Middle East.
Britain is to become the first Western nation to issue bonds approved by Muslim clerics in line with sharia law, which bans conventional loans involving interest payments as "sinful".
The scheme would mark one of the most significant economic advances of sharia law in the non-Muslim world.
It will lead to the ownership of Government buildings and other assets currently belonging to British taxpayers being switched wholesale to wealthy Middle-Eastern businessmen and banks.
The Government sees sharia-compliant bonds as a way of tapping Middle-East money and building bridges with the Muslim community.
But critics say the scheme would waste money and could undermine Britain's financial and legal systems.
Senior Conservative MP Edward Leigh, chairman of the Commons Public Accounts Committee, said: "I am concerned about the signal this would send – it could be the thin end of the wedge.
"British Common Law must be supreme and should apply to everyone."
A spokesman for the National Secular Society said: "There are lots of different ways to arrange financing.
"Constructing financial instruments to be sharia-compliant seems to me to involve a lot of unnecessary complication, which will serve only to make a lot of lawyers very rich."
The attempt to embrace Islamic financing would also appear to be at odds with Mr Brown's promise to promote Britishness and British values and institutions.
The Treasury has already faced heavy criticism for removing Britannia from 50p coins.
Other Western nations have been reluctant to issue Islamic bonds.
In the United States the bonds are banned partly as a result of claims that the money could be linked to terrorism.
Approval: Chancellor Alistair Darling is ready to give the go-ahead to sharia-compliant bonds
The Treasury proposal follows the heated debate over the Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams's claim that the spread of elements of sharia law in parts of Britain was "inevitable".
Downing Street distanced Gordon Brown from Dr Williams's comments.
A spokesman said: "The Prime Minister is very clear that British laws must be based on British values and that religious law, while respecting other cultures, should be subservient to British criminal and civil law."
However, The Mail on Sunday has established that Chancellor Alistair Darling is ready to give the go-ahead to sharia-compliant bonds – known as "sukuk", an early Arabic form of cheque.
Treasury officials have been working behind the scenes for months on the plan.
The deadline for responses to Mr Darling's consultation document setting out how the bonds will work expires on Thursday.
The Islamic bonds proposal was devised by Mr Brown's former Treasury adviser Ed Balls, now Schools Secretary and the Premier's most powerful Cabinet ally.
He claims it is a vital way of improving relations with Muslims in Britain as well as helping the UK to obtain vast sums from Middle-East banks in oil-rich nations such as Dubai and Qatar.
Sharia-compliant bonds have been issued by the governments of Pakistan and Malaysia and private banks but never by a Western government.
Treasury officials say the aim is to attract big investors as well as making it easier for British Muslims to invest in National Savings products at banks and post offices.
The Government has already backed Islamic car loans and mortgages.
Sharia-compliant bonds were designed to get round the ban on paying interest – "riba" in Islamic law.
The Koran says it is sinful to make money from money.
Unlike a conventional bond which is debt-based, a "sukuk" is asset-based. Instead of receiving interest, bondholders receive "rent" on the asset, thereby complying with sharia law.
The Treasury consultation document says Government assets such as "buildings or a piece of infrastructure" would be switched to a "special-purpose vehicle" set up to administer the bond.
This would be carried out by a contract known as an "ijara".
The asset would then be leased back by the Government, generating rental payments for the Islamic bondholders.
When the "sukuk" matured, the Government would guarantee to buy back the asset, allowing the bond-holders to get their redemption payments.
"Sukuk are akin to Islamic investment certificates," the document says.
"They are designed to be in compliance with sharia law, the divine law in Islam which is based on the Quran."
Islamic bonds are slightly more expensive than Western-style bonds, mainly because they require extensive legal and religious advice.
The Treasury initiative has been given added impetus by the worldwide credit squeeze, which is making it harder for all governments to raise money.
The Government says the bonds will also help London retain its position ahead of New York and Frankfurt as the world's leading financial centre.
Global Islamic finance assets, including private equity and bonds, are now said to be worth up to £150 billion. Sukuk volumes have soared from almost nothing to £35 billion in the past ten years.
Maurice Fitzpatrick, a senior tax partner at accountants Grant Thornton, said: "The Treasury wants to borrow money from as wide a range of sources as possible.
"Sharia bonds might well prove to be more expensive, but we would not know for sure until it was put into practice."
Special rules for Islamic finances have been challenged by Mahmoud El-Gamal, chairman of Islamic economics at Rice University, Houston.
"The main beneficiaries are lawyers, multi-national banks and self-styled religious scholars retained as consultants to certify the Islamicity of re-engineered financial products," he said.
Muslim Labour peer Lord Ahmed said: "This is a positive step for Muslims in Britain but the main reason for doing it is to attract money to the UK from Middle-East investors. Claims that it is connected to terrorist funds are absurd."
A group of law professors from around the country has filed a professional misconduct complaint against White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, a graduate of George Washington University Law School who was admitted to the D.C. Bar in 1995.
The letter, filed with the office that handles misconduct by members of the D.C. Bar, said Conway should be sanctioned for violating government ethics rules and “conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation,” the letter says.
The 15 professors, who specialize in legal ethics, cite several incidents, including a television interview in which Conway made the “false statement that President Barack Obama had ‘banned' Iraqi refugees from coming into the United States for six months following the ‘Bowling Green Massacre,' ” and the use of her position to endorse Ivanka Trump products.
“We do not file this complaint lightly,” the professors said in their filing. “We believe that, at one time, Ms. Conway, understood her ethical responsibilities as a lawyer and abided by them. But she is currently acting in a way that brings shame upon the legal profession.”
The professors teach at law schools such as Georgetown University Law Center, Yale Law School, Fordham University and Duke University.
(Reuters)
[Read the professors' letter of complaint against Conway]
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The letter was sent to the D.C. Office of Disciplinary Counsel, the chief prosecutor for disciplinary matters that involve active or inactive attorneys who are members of the D.C. Bar. Conway is listed as a D.C. Bar member under her maiden name, Kellyanne E. Fitzpatrick, but is a suspended member for not paying her dues, according to the disciplinary filing.
D.C. Disciplinary Counsel Wallace “Gene” Shipp Jr. said that his office receives about 1,500 complaints a year but investigates only between 400 to 500 of them. The actions that can be taken range from dismissal of the complaint to the prosecution of charges and possible disbarment, he said.
[White House says Conway has been ‘counseled' after touting Ivanka Trump's products]
Since she has been serving as counselor to President Trump, Conway has been caught up in several controversies. Last month, during an interview on NBC's “Meet the Press,” she said the White House had put forth “alternative facts” regarding the size of Trump's inauguration crowd.
“ ‘Alternative facts' are not facts at all; they are lies,” the professors said in their filing.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Controversial comments from Kellyanne Conway that made headlines View Photos Conway, counselor to President Trump, coined the term “alternative facts” and referred to a “Bowling Green massacre” that never happened. Caption Conway, counselor to President Trump, coined the term “alternative facts” and referred to a “Bowling Green massacre” that never happened. The government has many ways to surveil “What I can say is there are many ways to surveil each other now, unfortunately,” including “microwaves that turn into cameras, et cetera,” Conway told the Bergen Record in an interview Sunday. “So we know that that is just a fact of modern life,”Conway told ABC's “Good Morning America.” READ THE STORY Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Conway was also criticized for using her position during a Feb. 9 interview on Fox News to endorse Ivanka Trump's fashion products.
“Federal rules on conflicts of interest specifically prohibit using public office ‘for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity,'” the complaint said.
Abbe Smith, a Georgetown Law Center professor and director of the Criminal Defense and Prisoner Advocacy Clinic, said she has never filed such a complaint before and generally does not believe that lawyers should routinely face discipline under the broad rule they cited, which includes conduct outside the practice of law.
“But Ms. Conway's conduct was so outside the norm for a member of the legal profession,” Smith said. “What prompted our complaint was a combination of the specific conduct that Ms. Conway engaged in plus the fact that she holds such a high public office.”
Read more:
A university takes on one of its own, alumna Kellyanne Conway
‘Morning Joe' host says Kellyanne Conway was banned because ‘everything she said was disproven'
Spread the love
Salt Lake City, Utah – In a sickening move, the purported Facebook account of the cop who shot and killed Joey Tucker six years ago posted comments demeaning the life of the man he killed.
The damning comments, posted to a Facebook page set up by Tucker's family to memorialize their son's life, belittled the family of the dead man, taunting that his life was only worth $100,000; the amount of the settlement the family apparently received in a lawsuit related to Tucker's killing.
Tucker was gunned down by Salt Lake City police officer Louis “Law” Abner Jones, after he failed to pull over for the officer in what began as a non-emergency assistance call.
Earlier that day Tucker entered diabetic shock and began acting irrationally, after failing to take his insulin, according to Justin King of The Fifth Column News.
The officer claimed that he thought Tucker was suicidal, as if that was a reasonable justification to kill him. As we have noted in the past, there is a pandemic afoot of police killing the people they are called to help, when called for non-emergency assistance calls.
The events that culminated in Tucker's death show a man in a disoriented state, who was involved in what court documents described as “fender benders,” as he drove through the city, which were eventually used as the justification for his execution by police.
The cops attempted to use these “fender benders” as the rationale behind his killing. It's important to note that at one point during the pursuit police had Tucker cornered in a parking lot but allowed him to leave.
According to The Fifth Column News:
The officer claimed that after he was rammed, Tucker turned his wheels toward officers and was going to run them over. The videos below show quite clearly that not only did Tucker not turn his wheels in the direction of the officers, he was backing away from them. The vehicle was reportedly still in reverse when Joey's corpse was removed. A fellow officer allegedly said “Oh no! Oh shit!” after Jones opened fire. Even with all of this, the District Attorney cleared Jones of charges at the time. That should come as no surprise to those who know that Utah cops kill more citizens than drug dealers or gang bangers in the state.
For Jones to be harassing Tucker's family, six years after killing him, speaks to the former officer's callousness and lack of remorse for his actions.
“It's sick. It's like the way a serial killer taunts his victims,” Melinda, Tucker's sister, told The Fifth Column News.
Referencing one of the tormenting comments from Jones, in which he incredulously asked, “What ‘justice' do you seek?”, Melinda stated that she hoped to have new policies and protocols implemented which would assure that no one else lose a loved one who is in crisis at the hands of cops.
Police accountability activists in the region have a different plan. As there is no statute of limitations on murder in Utah and a new DA in office, plans are in action to force the Salt Lake City Police Department to reopen the case.
Check out the videos below which fully refute the excuses put forth by Jones regarding his execution of Tucker and judge for yourself.
h/t The Fifth Column
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.
Over the last few years, in the United Kingdom and around the world, there has been a marked increase in cafes intelligently using batch brewers to make delicious specialty coffee. It's created a new milieu in which progressive coffee bars often offer a few different filter options, some hand-poured, others carefully batch-brewed, and both delivered with a consistency that highlights the coffee itself. This sounds like the kind of coffee bar I'd like to visit, and we here at Sprudge are all for it.
But just as the hand-brewing movement that peaked in, oh, 2010 or so brought about a wave of new inventions and approaches to “slow pour” coffee (imports! widgets! whoozy whatsits!), so too are we starting to see a new wave in batch brew inventioneering. Young inventors are rushing into the market and established companies are modernizing; it's an exciting time to love filter coffee. One such invention begs the question: What if there was a brewer that looked as good as a Chemex, brewed coffee with the consistency of a batch brewer, and would work in both home and café environments? Though it's still in pre-production, barista and designer Courtney Brennan's academic project, the Balance Brewer–no relation to the fancy Belgian style brewers of olde–might be the answer.
The Balance Brewer is made up of three main parts: A lower chamber, a coffee chamber made with a filter, and a Tim Wendleboe AeroPress filter and a water chamber. Essentially, the brewer works like an hourglass. With the three parts put together, boiling water in the bottom, coffee in the middle, and an empty chamber on top (all airtight), the device then gets flipped, and a valve is turned, allowing the water to drip consistently through the ground coffee in about 4 minutes. The process essentially looks like how you might invert an AeroPress brewer, but on a much larger scale.
This is not a batch brewer per se; there's no automated component, and it'll still be up to you to control the temperature of the water, the amount of ground coffee, and other, more esoteric variables. The Balance Brewer is philosophically closest to the Chemex above all else, a large format way to make filter coffee, but with a consistency and ease of use that echoes why we love batch brew. It's also aesthetically pleasing to the eye, with glass curves, wooden finishes, and a leather strap to keep your fingers from getting too hot.
I met up with Mr. Brennan for a hot second during the crowded, busy New Designers exhibition in London to get a few more hints about the brewer and how it all started.
How did it all start?
I was on exchange in Oslo and we got sent a project brief where we were asked to find a client, and for them to tell us what they needed. So I went to Tim Wendelboe, interviewed him, and asked if he needed anything around the shop and he gave me like 6 different ideas, which were too complex to apply to day-to-day use. So I also emailed Has Bean, and they said they would like to see a really elegant brewer on the market. So the design started with a rotating Chemex, but in time it evolved to a simple hourglass shape.
Where did the name Balance come from?
It's the middle road between an underextracted coffee and an overextracted cup of coffee, and that's what every barista tries to achieve. A balanced cup of coffee.
Is there anyone that helped you along in the development of the brewer?
Firstly, Konstantine from www.friedel.no was great to work with and made the glass in a day. Without the glass there would be no brewer. My girlfriend Cathleen who has been the backbone of this whole project and helped me get it together. Steve and Dale at Has Bean, and Tim Wendleboe, for all suggestions and help at the start.
It might be a little while yet before you see this brewer in every café and home but simplicity is always the key to the design classics which this brewer has the potential to be.
Thanks, Courtney!
Mr. Brennan is currently at Edinburgh Napier University, and you can view more works from his portfolio here. Simple above all else, the Balance Brewer merges what we love about batch-brewed and handmade coffee in a tastefully designed device. If this is the future of coffee tinkering, count me in.
Victor Frankowski is a founder at DunneFrankowski and a Sprudge contributor based in London. Read more Victor Frankowski on Sprudge.
Mindy McCready's life didn't always seem sadder than a country song.
Before the legal drama, controversial courtships, suicide attempts and rehab stints, she was the sexy songstress who topped the charts and made headlines both for her hits and then-taboo navel ring. She was also engaged to a TV star.
But booze and prescription pills fueled a downward spiral that last week may have reached its most precarious point. Now her problems involve a 5-year-old boy – her son Zander.
On Tuesday, McCready, 36, removed Zander from the Florida home of her mother, Gayle Inge, who has custody of the boy, and the singer said she was willing to risk jail time over her actions. She also insisted that she was in no condition to travel after revealing she's seven-months pregnant with twins.
Friday night, police found McCready and Zander hiding in what was believed to be the singer's boyfriend's house in Arkansas. By Saturday, Zander was being returned to McCready's mother.
The recent events are the latest in a train wreck of troubles, and those who have known her are only shaking their heads.
“I hope this all works out for the best,” Dennis Rodman, who appeared with her on Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, tells PEOPLE. “I really enjoyed getting to know Mindy. She is a great person.”
A Superstar in the Works
Born in Fort Meyers, Fla., McCready, 36, became famous in 1996 with her Multi-Platinum debut album Ten A Thousand Angels and fashioned herself as a role model to her younger brother, telling PEOPLE in 1997 that she'd grill him about sex and call him “a pig” when he smoked cigarettes.
McCready – whose women's anthem “Guys Do It All the Time” was instantly a smash – suffered a hardship in 1998 when she split from her fiancé, Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman star Dean Cain.
She seemed to bounce back a year later when her third album, I'm Not So Tough, got solid reviews, but it wouldn't last.
First Signs of Trouble
In 2004, she was charged with prescription drug fraud in 2004 after illegally obtaining the pain medicine OxyContin, and was sentenced to three years of supervised probation and ordered to perform 200 hours of community service.
“It was a stupid thing to do,” she later said, claiming her purchase was for a friend. “I am not a drug addict.”
In 2005, the star was arrested again and charged with DUI and driving on a suspended license.
“I had not had a drink for four or five hours prior,” she said. “I was driving home a drunk driver.”
A few days later, her ex-boyfriend William McKnight was charged with attempted murder and aggravated burglary after allegedly breaking into her home and beating her up.
Covered in bruises, she testified against him in court, claiming he punched her, choked her and hit her head against a headboard.
“It's a bad situation,” McCready told PEOPLE at the time. “I'm in a lot of pain, but I will get through it.”
Problems Only Worsen
Mindy McCready in 2007, after being charged with battery and resisting arrest in Fort Myers, Fla. Lee County Sheriff's Office/AP
She vowed to move forward, but just weeks later, McCready was charged in Arizona with identity theft, unlawful imprisonment and hindering prosecution, then hospitalized for apparently attempting suicide by drug overdose.
By her side was McKnight, telling authorities she wrote a four-page suicide note before consuming massive alcohol and ingesting several different substances. McCready left the hospital and went back to him.
“We're very much in love,” McKnight told PEOPLE.
But in September 2005, McCready attempted apparent suicide again, reportedly taking 30 antidepressants while pregnant with McKnight's child.
Two years later, she served a several-month jail sentence, stemming from a probation violation after resisting arrest and committing battery during an argument with her mother.
Then came the strangest twist: Yankees pitcher Roger Clemens acknowledged making mistakes in his personal life after McCready claimed they had an affair. The singer alleges she was only 15 when they met.
It seemed like nothing now reported about McCready was positive, and along the way she lost custody of her child to her mother.
She headed back to rehab for undisclosed reasons following a trip to the emergency room and served more jail time for a probation violation.
Reality Show
She kept claiming that she was making strides to “put all of this behind me,” but she soon wound up back in the hospital for another suicide attempt.
By 2009, her problems became fodder for a reality show. McCready joined Mackenzie Phillips, Heidi Fleiss and Rodman on season three of VH1's Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew. McCready infamously suffered from a seizure that was documented on the series, mid-detox.
Her March 2010 album Still Standing, her first in eight years, documented her downfall but didn't save her.
Two months after the release, McCready was hospitalized for a mystery ailment. There was discrepancy over whether she overdosed on prescription pills or reacted badly.
Now she's facing the possibility of jail time for not returning her son to his legal guardians. Her ex, who was there during some of the darkest times, is hoping there is some silver lining.
“I got back on track,” McKnight said last week. “My life is in order, I'm doing things right now. She has that opportunity I wish she would do what's right.”
African American men at elevated risk for developing type 2 diabetes may have fewer beneficial and more harmful intestinal bacteria, according to research presented by University of Illinois at Chicago endocrinologist Dr. Irina Ciubotaru at the ENDO 2015 meeting in San Diego.
"The 'signature' of the gut microbiota -- the relative abundance of various bacteria and other microbes in the digestive system -- could be another useful tool in assessing a person's risk for developing diabetes," said Ciubotaru. Ciubotaru and her colleagues, including principal investigator Dr. Elena Barengolts, professor of medicine in the UIC College of Medicine and chief of endocrinology at the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center, found that a specific microbiota is associated with stable, normal blood glucose levels, while a different profile is associated with glucose levels that indicate pre-diabetes.
"The study provides additional reasons for physicians to recommend foods, such as prebiotics, which improve the growth and activity of helpful gut bacteria," said Barengolts.
The gut microbiota helps digest food; fights infections; and plays an important role in keeping the immune system healthy. It is greatly influenced by genetics, diet and other environmental factors. Previous research has implicated an unhealthy or unbalanced microbiota as a contributing factor to metabolic disorders, including obesity and diabetes. The species that make up an individual's gut microbiota, as well as their abundance, can be identified by stool sample analysis.
The researchers determined the gut microbiotas of 116 African-American male veterans, age 45 to 75, participating in the D Vitamin Intervention in VA, or DIVA study. The aim of the DIVA study, which has 173 total participants and is funded by the Department of Veterans Affairs, is to determine if vitamin D supplementation can prevent diabetes in men with risk factors for developing the disease.
Participants were divided into four groups based on changes in their blood sugar levels as determined at the start and end of the one-year study. The groups included men whose glucose levels remained normal (non-pre-diabetic); those with stable levels indicative of pre-diabetes; those whose levels indicated a worsening of glucose control; and those whose levels improved. All the men provided stool samples for analysis of their gut microbiota.
Men whose blood sugar levels stayed normal over the year had more gut bacteria that are considered beneficial for metabolic health, whereas those who stayed pre-diabetic had fewer beneficial bacteria and more harmful bacteria. In addition, the group whose levels improved had more abundant Akkermansia--healthy bacteria--than the group that maintained normal blood sugar control throughout the year.
The study suggests that differences in the gut microbiota already exist in pre-diabetes, Barengolts said.
Although the study found connections between composition of the gut microbiota and blood sugar control, Barengolts said further research is needed to confirm these findings and evaluate whether certain intestinal bacteria cause type 2 diabetes. However, based on other research her group has conducted and studies in animals, she speculated that the foods we eat affect our diabetes risk through our gut microbiota. If the mix of organisms in the intestinal tract is indeed responsible for the development of type 2 diabetes, she said, it may be possible to lower one's risk by changing the gut bacteria.
"If we can identify those with microbiota signatures indicative of pre-diabetes, and intervene with dietary changes or other interventions that we know boost populations of beneficial gut bacteria, we may be able to prevent the development of diabetes," said Ciubotaru.
As we are one month from Opening Day, with so much optimism surrounding the 2012 version of the Kansas City Royals, and all of the young stars that project to be in this years Opening Day lineup, we must remember some of the players that graced the Opening Day lineup card in years past that made us ask, “WTF?!?!?”
Ahhhhhhhh….Opening Day…when hope springs eternal. The only day (presumably) when parents write fake doctor's notes to pull kids out of school to go to the ballpark. When playoff dreams have yet to be shattered, and every team still has a chance to win the World Series.
Kansas City Royals fans have been no exception to this tradition over the years, even if the optimism is usually gone within the first week of the season. There is no denying that there is something very special about Opening Day. Every hitter who had a good season the year before is expected to pick up where he left off the previous year; every pitcher who couldn't get anybody out the year before is expected to turn it around (he's changed his arm angle!); and mediocre players are expected to take that next step to stardom. On Opening Day, the injuries have yet to occur (usually), and fans have no idea who is going to continue to suck, or go back to sucking. It is all roses until that first crooked number goes up on the scoreboard next to the opposing team's name. It is for this reason, that there is no greater buzz-kill than when your favorite team decides to pencil names into an Opening Day lineup card that don't just put all optimism to the test, but crush it to pieces before the first pitch is ever thrown, and force you to scream at the top of your lungs, “WTF?!?!?!?!?”
It is one thing for a manager to be forced to write out a lineup card full of obscure names in September. If the team is out of the race and playing guys recently brought up from the minor leagues (Royals fans are very used to this over the years), this is acceptable. If a team has been ravaged with injuries and it is a Sunday in June on get-away day, it is moderately acceptable to place a fair amount of obscurity on the lineup card (Cardinals fans are very used to this over the LaRussa years). More-so than probably any other organization in baseball, though, the Royals have sent either Trey Hillman, or Buddy Bell, or Tony Pena, or Tony Muser, or Bob Boone, or any of the other skippers of the Royals' “Stink Era” out to home plate with a lineup card on Opening Day with at least one name on it that makes a fan wonder what in the hell the organization was thinking all off-season. In this column, we will take a look, position-by-position, at the Royals All-Time “WTF” Opening Day Lineup.
Catcher: Hector Ortiz (2001)
Ortiz was drafted as a 19-year-old prospect out of Puerto Rico by the Dodgers in 1988. However, he did not see his first big league action until, after bouncing around with several teams, he landed with the Royals in 1998. That tells you a lot about the Royals' catching situation at that time. After getting the Opening Day nod in 2001, Ortiz became a part of the 4-headed catching monster that was he, A.J. Hinch, Gregg Zaun, and Brent Mayne for the rest of that season.
1st Base: Ross Gload (2008)
It's been said before in this column, that it isn't Ross Gload's fault that he is Ross Gload. In this case, it is most definitely the Royals' fault that they didn't have a more suitable option for a starting 1st Baseman on opening day than a career utility-player. This is completely inexcusable.
2nd Base: Mark Teahen (2009)
How ridiculous does this experiment now seem in hindsight? This poor guy went from being a highly regarded 3rd Baseman, to Right-Field, to Left-Field, to 2nd Base, traded to the White Sox to play 3rd Base again, and is now completely irrelevant. Makes you wonder what he could have done had he never been moved off of 3rd.
3rd Base: Willie Bloomquist (2010)
With Alex Gordon unavailable, the Royals were forced to choose between Bloomquist and Alberto Callaspo to start at 3rd on Opening Day. They chose Bloomquist, and clearly regretted it. He went 0-4 with 3 strikeouts, and missed a routine pop-up early in the game that helped continue a Detroit Tigers rally. Callaspo started at 3rd from that point forward and Bloomquist went back to his rightful role as a utility infielder.
Shortstop: Felix Martinez (1998)
Sandwiched in between Jay Bell and Rey Sanchez, was something called Felix Martinez. He only received 98 plate appearances, while Shane Halter led all Royals' Shortstops in plate appearances that year with 226. Clearly the shortstop position was a disaster for the Royals in 1998.
Left-Field: Ross Gload (2007)
-See Ross Gload explanation for 1st Base position
Center-Field: Rick Ankiel (2010)
This may have been the only time that Dayton Moore figuratively slapped Royals fans in the face. The guy never wanted to play with the Royals, the Royals still over-paid to get him, he acted like a jerk the whole time he was with the team, suspiciously injured his ankle walking to the field in Spring Training, and under-performed when he did play that year (which was rarely).
Right-Field: Brandon Berger (2003)
Somehow this guy played 4 seasons in the majors (2001-2004), all with the Royals, and I still have no idea who he was. I do know what I was probably saying when I saw his name in the Opening Day lineup in 2003 though…
Designated-Hitter: Terry Pendleton (1998)
Okay…we all know who Terry Pendleton is, so there is nothing obscure about this. Other than…HE PLAYED FOR THE ROYALS?!?!?!? It was Pendleton's last season before retiring, as he muddled his way through 257 plate appearances and a .257 average floating between DH and 3rd Base for the 1998 Royals. Clearly this was not a very memorable showing.
Starting Pitcher: Scott Elarton (2006)
As a fan, I am still profoundly insulted by this. He was 10 shades past finished before he ever put the Royals jersey on for the first time. In 2006, he struck out a mind-boggling 49 batters in 114 innings. I remember watching him pitch and just feeling bad for the guy. He always looked like he was pitching in pain, and you always had the feeling his arm could go flying into the 14th row with the next pitch. It was almost as if he had to point to something in the stands to get the batter to look that way, then pitch the ball really quick when the batter wasn't looking to get anyone out. Elarton put up a 5.34 ERA in those 114 innings in 2006, so naturally, the Royals brought him back in 2007. He threw 37 innings with a 10.46 ERA before the Royals finally showed a bit of mercy and just sent him packing.
Here's hoping 2010 was the last installment of Royals baseball that will ever contribute to this group, and that we will never again be forced to scream out “WTF?!?!?!?” prior to the first pitch of the Royals season ever being thrown.
Is this exciting news?
AMD has announced its free ray-tracing engine ProRender will run within Blender, as well as Maya, 3ds Max, and SolidWorks. AMD says ProRender uses a physically-based workflow, which allows multiple materials to be expressed in a single, lighting-independent shader, making it easy to color objects and have them usable in any sensible environment.
The key features of the ray tracer are:
Fast, free, and accurate – it's designed to be physically based and “highly accurate,” as the term “accurate” always needs to be qualified.
Hardware agnostic – if your computer can run OpenCL 1.2, it can run Radeon ProRender.
Fully integrated – for use with Blender 2.78 and higher on both Microsoft Windows and Linux.
Viewport Integration means you can work with Radeon ProRender interactively, so you can see your changes as you make them.
Multiple camera views – Blender camera presets, depth of field, and object motion blur.
VR creation support with photosphere and stereoscopic VR camera views.
Emissive and Photometric Lighting, as well as image-based lighting from HDRI environments, let you blend a scene in with its surroundings.
Physically-based materials and lighting allow you to make true design decisions with global illumination and caustics, while also supporting displacement and volumetrics.
Comes with its own material library optimized for use with the Radeon ProRender Blender plug-in, providing an easy starting and reference point for your own shaders.
Integrated materials are simple to use and editable in Blender.
AMD's Radeon ProRender is a physically-based rendering engine that is built on Radeon Rays technology which AMD says is a, scalable ray tracing engine that uses open industry standards to harness GPU and CPU performance for swift, impressive results.
AMD is now offering a ProRender Plug-in for Blender 2.78 and higher for both Microsoft Windows and Linux, and claims one can use its existing lights, materials, and textures, it also comes with a library of materials to get you started.
The biggest improvements would be improved viewport rendering performance so one can work with Radeon ProRender in real-time and have the ability to assign rendering resources to the GPU and CPU simultaneously. In addition, Radeon ProRender for 3ds Max, Maya, and Blender now support X-Rite's Appearance Exchange Format (AxF), a vendor-neutral scanned material format. AxF is positioned as an open way to digitally store and share a material's appearance across PLM, CAD and rendering applications. However, AXF may not be totally open. X-Rite very protective of it. AxF gains its portability by being just a 6-texture representation. What makes it special is that it comes from a physical scanner (the TAC 7).
What do we think?
Well, as most of you know, I've never met a ray tracer I didn't like. Some people have suggested Radeon ProRender puts competitive pressure on Nvidia Iray, which is only accelerated on Nvidia hardware. The Radeon Rays technology that powers ProRender is more competitive to Nvidia's free ray tracing framework, OptiX. Pro Render may also be seen as competing with V-Ray from an OpenCL GPU acceleration of ray tracing point of view, which is subject to interpretation as to how much, or how well it supports OpenCL.
The real question might be done the world, or AMD need another ray tracer? Although advertised as hardware agnostic, presumably ProRender runs best on the new AMD Vega GPUs. However, tests run by Nvidia have showed ProRender ran 2X faster on equivalent NV AIBs, and Nvidia claims they aren't worried about ProRender. That can change with as little as a driver update.
But, it's just one of the many, many, ray tracers available. Blender has its own, Cycles. There are several rays tracing programs for SoildWorks such as PhotoWorks using Modo's renderer from Luxology and also Dassault's own Bunkspeed; also RayViz and TracePro from Lambda, FRED form Photon Engineering, Light Tools from Synopsis. Autodesk too has a stable of ray tracers including its real-time in product “Raytracer” (how's that for a clever product name), plus third-party solutions (including V-Ray from Chaos Group, Octane from OTOY, and many others). But Autodesk's offerings don't end with “Raytracer. In 2013 Autodesk acquired PI-VR, a German software developer with a sophisticated real-time rendering engine called VRED that also has a ray tracing mode. The company also acquired (in 2009) German-based Numenus NURBS rendering technology that's now in VRED, and most recently the company acquired the popular Arnold ray tracer developed by Solid Angle. And lest we forget, Intel offers a robust set of CPU-based ray tracing kernels in Embree.
In our ray tracing report, we have identified 81 suppliers of ray tracing software, and estimate the market to have a TAM of $480 million, including hardware, for just software sales, the TAM is under $100mil/year.
However, the most critical part of ray tracing is the materials library, and one of the reasons there are so many rays tracing programs — they all have their own libraries. Material/Shader definitions are traditionally tied to the rendering algorithm, so what works for V-Ray isn't going to work for Arnold, etc. No one makes the proprietary on purpose — it's just a natural consequence. It's similar to game engines and raster shaders. MDL is the first example of a generic description — but even it requires the renderer to be physically based.
Many of the ray tracing engines support material library interchange, and Nvidia is one of the leaders in that effort with their materials definition language (MDL). The “Open” to emphasize here is vendor neutrality for CPU and GPU. Embree can't use GPUs and OptiX is CUDA only (no CPU or OpenCL so no AMD). Open has always beaten closed and proprietary — eventually, and so AMD and AxF have history on their side. However, AXF is too basic to ever be the default as it can only represent what X-Rite's TAC device can scan. It's a great starting point, but then you need to get it into something that can layer it and support more complexity and what can't be scanned.
But part of the secret sauce in many rendered images is the proprietary materials library, and companies participating in the highly competitive rendering market/industry aren't going to give up, or open up, those libraries easily, especially the movie studios. These are proprietary to the studio, not the renderer. Even if the renderer supported an open format of some sort the studio isn't going to share what they craft.
And finally, physically based usually means that it's “energy conserving,” meaning that light behaves as it does in the real world. This makes materials look better because they're consistent, and makes lighting more realistic because it bounces and attenuates like real lights do. AMD claims its renderer is accurate and unbiased but PBR is a sliding scale, and it takes investigation as to how physically accurate a renderer is.
CAIRO (Reuters) - A Cairo court sentenced a man to one year in jail on Saturday for harassing a woman, the swiftest such ruling since Egypt introduced a new law in early June to combat sexual harassment.
Abdel Lattif Abdel Fattah, a 39-year-old electrician, was arrested only three days ago, judicial sources said. He was accused of taking pictures with his mobile telephone of a woman passenger on a public bus while she was sleeping.
Abdel Fattah was dragged to the nearest police station by other passengers on the bus, who also testified against him, the source said. He was sentenced to hard labor during his imprisonment and fined 3,000 Egyptian pounds ($420).
The incident came two weeks after a graphic video was posted on YouTube showing a naked woman with injuries on her hip being dragged through a large crowd towards an ambulance. It drew a massive public outcry and led further victims to come forward.
In response, President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered the interior minister to fight sexual harassment and the U.S. urged his government to do whatever it takes to combat the issue.
Two men were sent to six months in jail for harassing women last Wednesday and seven others were arrested earlier this month for attacking women near Cairo's Tahrir Square during Sisi's inauguration celebrations on June 8.
Egypt issued a new law in early June that punishes sexual harassment with at least six months in jail or fines of at least 3,000 Egyptian pounds. Judicial sources said all the new arrests and charges were made under the new law.
Sexual assault has been common for a decade at large gatherings in Egypt, where half the 86 million population are poor and illiterate. It was rampant at protests during and after the 2011 uprising that ousted President Hosni Mubarak.
Sexual harassment, high rates of female genital cutting and a surge in violence after the Arab Spring uprisings have made Egypt the worst country in the Arab world to be a woman, a Thomson Reuters Foundation survey showed late last year.
($1 = 7.1501 Egyptian Pounds)
It's 2015, and Saudi Arabian women still aren't allowed to drive. In the world of Saudi Arabian video games, however, things feel a little bit different. Saudi Girls Revolution, a recent game released by a Saudi Arabian prince, features eight Saudi women dressed in abayas, blasting villains, destroying cyborgs, and yes—driving cars.
The game was designed by NA3M, a company headed by Prince Fahad bin Faisal Al Saud, grandson of the brother of the king. There's more than girl warriors in this revolution, though. Asma and Allanoud are siblings who both fight against religious sectarianism. Then there's Um Bandar, a sagacious leader who trains women to fight for themselves, as well as a character named Hussa, who is gay.
Prince Fahad said that his primary attention was to create a “kick-ass game,” adding, “If we can tell people stories about women driving . . . maybe it will actually happen.” While there's a long history of video games participating in social change—the Sims created gay characters as early as 2000—Saudi Girls Revolution is particularly notable. It's a video game that critiques controversial social policies, created by a relative of one of the country's most important policymakers.
Here's a quick teaser of the game, featuring a Saudi Arabian revolutionary standing proudly next to her weapon: her wheels.
Over at Make, Gareth Branwyn wrote about how to check the balance of your d20 dice:
Gamer Daniel Fisher used an old golf ball balancing trick to test the integrity of his D20 gaming dice. To set up the test, he mixed 6+ tablespoons of salt with 1/3 cup room temperature water in a small glass jar. By floating and spinning a die in the jar, he was able to see if it consistently rolled high, low, or was balanced.
Among other things, Fisher discovered that translucent dice tend to be more balanced, perhaps because you can easily see imperfections inside them (and wouldn't buy or use them). Finding out that a number of his D20s regularly rolled low or high in the water, he cut into one to see what might be causing the imbalance. Inside, he found obvious manufacturing imperfections, chalky areas where the die may not have cured properly. Later in the video, he puts the cut die under a microscope to get a closer look inside.
BOSTON (Reuters Health) - Emergency room doctors are seeing more and more kids for mental health problems, and many of them are uninsured, researchers said at the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatrics in Boston.
A study found that between 1999 and 2007, 279 million children went to U.S. emergency departments. Over that period, the proportion of visits caused by mental illness rose from 2.4 percent to three percent.
Underinsured children accounted for as many as 54 percent of the psychiatric emergencies in 2007, up from 46 percent in 1999, Dr. Zachary E. Pittsenbarger and his team concluded based on data from the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey.
“Often these patients have limited outpatient options for their continuity of care for psychiatric or mental health indications, and my belief is that that's why they're coming into the emergency department,” Pittsenbarger, of Children's Hospital Boston, told Reuters Health.
This past June, another group of researchers from Pittsenbarger's hospital reported that when children and adolescents show up in urban emergency departments for psychiatric care, those with problems severe enough to require hospital admission often become “boarders” in the emergency room.
A third of the young patients in the study who needed to be hospitalized for psychiatric emergencies couldn't go promptly to a psychiatric unit. Instead, they had to wait - and half of them waited more than 21 hours. Some of them stayed in the emergency room, and others were moved to non-psychiatric wards in the hospital until a bed in a psychiatric unit became available, Dr. Elizabeth Wharff and her colleagues reported in the journal Pediatric Emergency Care.
Why do children end up coming to the emergency department for psychiatric help? “It is not because they feel that this is the best place for care, it's because they have no other options. They're at the end of their rope,” Pittsenbarger said.
“I'd like to shine a light on the fact that these people are coming in with increasing frequency all the time,” he added. “Hopefully we will be able to alert people to the fact that, for so many people in this country, the options for good mental health care just do not exist.”
FORTUNE tellers once used crystal balls to predict the future.
But modern day soothsayers could use social networks like Facebook and Twitter to forecast events, researchers have claimed.
Getty Images 4 Facebook contains a treasure trove of information about its users- but can it predict the future?
A team from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory and the University of Washington have collated the results of hundreds of separate studies and found that social media can "make predictions about the future" - although these forecasts are not always accurate.
"Social media (SM) data provides a vast record of humanity's everyday thoughts, feelings, and actions at a resolution previously unimaginable," the academics wrote.
"Because user behaviour on SM is a reflection of events in the real world, researchers have realised they can use SM in order to forecast, making predictions about the future."
Getty Images 4 The firms said the privacy policy change would help the social network better target adverts
Whenever you upload a picture of your macchiato to Facebook or share your thoughts on the latest episode of Love Island on Twitter, you are actually handing over information to "companies, governments, and researchers" hell-bent on gathering "data about people on a massive scale".
We already know this allows advertisers to understand our wants, needs and desires in terrifying detail.
But could it allow shady spooks and creepy corporations to predict the future events us lemming-like humans are blindly stumbling towards?
Sadly, the answer to this appears to be yes.
In a paper that's just been published on Arxiv, the team of researchers finds that social media can be used to "detect and predict offline events".
Twitter analysis can accurately predict civil unrest, for instance, because people use certain hashtags to discuss issues online before their anger bubbles over into the real world.
MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE SPY GAMES Genius WhatsApp trick lets you read texts on iPhone WITHOUT sender knowing HADRIAN'S BALLs Roman soldiers' very rude graffiti found on stones bound for Hadrian's Wall CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I'm divorced CLIMATE CLEANUP Hope for 'climate rewind' as scientists 'turn carbon dioxide into COAL' TAKING THE PIZZ Domino's fans think Dom pizza tracker doesn't actually track deliveries CAUGHT IT How to read DELETED WhatsApp messages on your iPhone or Android
The most famous example of this came during the Arab Spring, when clear signs of the impending protests and unrest were found on social networks days before people took to the streets.
A system called EMBERS (Early Model Based Event Recognition using Surrogates) has also yielded "impressive results" not just in "detecting events, but in detecting specific properties of those events".
It has been used to predict unrest in South America, forecasting events with 80 per cent accuracy in Brazil and a slightly underwhelming 50 per cent in Venezuela.
Another study showed "impressive" results in detecting "civil unrest" linked to the Black Lives Matter group, which formed in America in response to police shootings.
PA:Press Association 4 Protesters at a Black Lives Matter march
Social media has also been shown to predict the weather in certain circumstances, with one experiment using tweets from five British cities to forecast rain.
This basically works by analysing a year's worth of tweets and then using this information to guess what the weather will be like in any given month.
"The model does quite well, with the notable exception of predicting the weather in July, which is both a summer month, with individuals tweeting about sunny, outdoor activities, but was also the second most rainy month in the dataset," the academics wrote.
Social media offers "some value" to police looking to predict future crimes, the researchers continued.
Cops could combine historical data about where and when crimes were committed with social media posts to have a stab at working out the likelihood of offences occurring at certain places and times.
"Of the 25 crime types examined, 19 see a forecasting improvement by incorporating SM data," the academics added.
Disease outbreaks are also relatively easy to predict because when you spot a few people grumbling about the norovirus or another infectious disease, it's a fair bet that a lot more people are about to catch it.
Mental health outcomes in an individual can be predicted by analysing their posts to Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.
Depression, for instance, was identified with up to 80 per cent accuracy
"Depressed users on SM can be characterised by decreased social activity as well as increased negative sentiment and use of personal pronouns," the academics added.
Sadly, in some cases, the old crystal ball was about as accurate as social media analysis.
The movements of the financial markets has proved stubbornly difficult to forecast, with "predicting the behaviour of a stock market already known to be an all but insurmountable task".
Getty Images 4 More than 500 million tweets are written every single day
Researchers attempting to guess the outcome of the World Cup were also left disappointed.
"An attempt to predict match outcomes utilising Twitter data failed to perform better than random chance for early tournament matches," the team wrote.
They also highlighted "major pitfalls which have made SM prediction", but ended their study with a note of confidence.
"We find that SM data has been used to make accurate forecasts across all of the disciplines examined.
"Additionally, topics that can be shown to be directly relevant to SM users and how they interact with SM make more successful predictions, such as user location, user demographics, and civil unrest."
Wacom, known almost solely for their pen-based graphic tablets and touchscreens has made the jump into an entirely new market – DJs. Maybe dance clubs are more recession-proof than graphic designers? Who knows?
The new Wacom nextbeat is a music controller which lets both professional and casual digital dee-jays finesse their tunes in about any way imaginable – even from the middle of the dance floor. That's because the nextbeat features a unique docking wireless control pod which lets you roam and control sounds loaded onto the nextbeat base station.
The nextbeat contains everything you need to rock the party now. Packed inside the box is a pair of digital audio players, a mixer, sampler and effect units. Just plug it into your sound system, and you're ready to go.
In keeping with Wacom tradition, the nextbeat incorporates a variety of touch-based sensors on its control pod, but they were smart enough to also include a number of knobs and buttons for places where tactile feedback is a must.
Wacom plans on releasing the nextbeat DJ system in Europe and Japan in Summer 2009. No word on price or a North American release date, but you can check back for more information over at the nextbeat preview site. It'll also be on display at the Winter Music Conference from 24-28 March 2009 in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, and Musikmesse from 1-4 April 2009 in Frankfurt, Germany – if you happen to be there.
[via MacWorld UK via flyflyf]
Following the announcement that Pastor Louie Giglio would no longer be performing the benediction at President Obama's second inauguration, Fox News reporter Todd Starnes rushed to blame "heterophobic bigots" for allegedly forcing the pastor to withdraw from the event.
On January 10, Georgia Pastor Louie Giglio announced that he had decided to withdraw from performing the benediction at President Obama's second inauguration. His decision came in the wake of criticism over a January 9 Think Progress report detailing a "vehemently anti-gay" sermon Giglio gave in the mid-1990s, during which he railed against the "homosexual lifestyle" and claimed that gay people could become straight through the power of Christianity.
The announcement sparked outrage from Fox News reporter Todd Starnes, who took to Twitter to condemn "anti-Christian bigots" for objecting to Giglio's anti-gay comments:
Starnes then published a Fox News Radio article suggesting that Giglio had been "forced out" of the inauguration by the Obama administration:
To support his baseless accusation - which plainly contradicts Giglio's own statement about his withdrawal - Starnes relied on comments from two of the country's most notorious anti-gay hate group leaders: Family Research Council (FRC) President Tony Perkins and American Family Association (AFA) spokesman Bryan Fischer:
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, told Fox News that he was shocked at the attacks from homosexual activists. "What's becoming ever so clear to those who thought homosexual activists could be appeased is that their ultimate goal is to sanitize the public space of anyone who holds to a biblical view of morality," Perkins said. "It pulls back the curtain and shows us the true agenda here. It's not about tolerance. It's about forced acceptance." [...] Bryan Fischer, who hosts a popular national show on American Family Radio, said Giglio was banished in a "naked display of bigotry." "It's clear from the statement from the inaugural committee that Giglio was bounced from the program. It clearly wasn't his idea," Fischer told Fox News. "The banishment of Giglio is a naked display of bigotry and hatred directed at the last safe target in America for angry intolerance: Americans who believe what the Scriptures teach about human sexuality. Truth about homosexuality has now become hate speech, and speaking the truth about homosexuality has now become a hate crime." Fischer said the bottom line is that "bullies and bigots have won a major victory."
Neither Perkins - who has made a career of trying to link homosexuality to pedophilia - or Fischer - who has repeatedly blamed gays for the Holocaust - is a credible source when it comes to lecturing the administration about "bigotry."
But this is apparently what qualifies as journalism at Fox News: float a baseless accusation of anti-Christian bigotry, quote a few anti-gay hate group leaders who agree with your theory, and hit "publish."
The National Weather Service issued a Flash Flood Watch at 3:29 a.m. HST on Monday, Nov. 27, 2017.
The Flash Flood Watch is in effect from this evening through Tuesday afternoon for the Big Island and Maui.
Deep moisture will interact with an upper level disturbance to bring periods of rain, heavy at times, and a chance of thunderstorms.
The most persistent rain and highest chance for flash flooding will be over windward and interior sections of the Big Island and Maui.
A Flash Flood Watch means that conditions may develop that lead to flash flooding. Flash flooding is very dangerous.
Due to the Flash Flood Watch, the following advisories are in effect:
Be on the alert for conditions that may lead to flooding in streams, roads, and low lying areas.
Be aware that road closures may occur without notice.
Heavy rain and snow are expected for the summits.
Where possible, limit travel on roadways during this period.
Your utilities of power and phones may be interrupted.
If lightning threatens your area, the safest place to be is indoors.
Should power outages occur, be on the alert for non-operable traffic signals. Treat flashing traffic lights as a four-way stop.
Monitor later forecasts and be prepared to take action should Flash Flood Warnings be issued.
…but are “christians” irrelevant, also?
In light of, and inspired by, Mad Mike's new muse, Robert Douglas, who posted Atheists Are Irrelevant, I decided Mr. Sears is irrelevant and he needed to hear a different perspective. Not like I expect him to understand, of course. That the “star” will publish my missive is doubtful.
Robert corrected me for attributing Mr. Sears' well-written and thoughtful op-ed to him. I am sincerely grateful.
I determined that my best course of action would involve posting my response to Mr. Sears. Rereading his perspective outraged me so much, that I felt compelled to expand my comment into a full post.
As Arthur C. Clarke wrote, I have encountered a few ‘creationists' and because they were usually nice, intelligent people, I have been unable to decide whether they were really mad or only pretending to be mad. If I was a religious person, I would consider creationism nothing less than blasphemy. Do its adherents imagine that God is a cosmic hoaxer who has created the whole vast fossil record for the sole purpose of misleading humankind ?
Makes sense. The complexity of evolution evokes a far deeper faith in God than Creationism. I now wonder if Adam and Eve had belly buttons. Think about that for a second.
I thought I'd follow Susan B. Anthony's precept: “I'm not a humanitarian, I'm a hell-raiser.”
Mr. Sears' deluded opinion contradicts, of course, the Dalai Lama who urges people to “respect all religions.” Paramansa Yogananda, founder of the Self Realization Fellowship (and, no, this is not one of those crazy California religions…), who wrote “Brotherhood is an ideal better understood by example than precept” and believed in the unity of all religious faiths.
A quote in the Christian Bible is “Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.” I wonder if Mr. Sears ever read this quote.
Or, for that matter, Messers. Robertson and Fallwell.
Dear Mr. Sears:
I respect your conviction about your faith. I feel the same about atheists who have the right to have their beliefs also. In fact, I an not an atheist, but my faith requires me to respect all faiths. For this reason, I find your op-ed extremely disquieting. I assume you have heard of turning the other cheek and the First Amendment. Both of us can agree on that.
But, do you feel those of the Jewish, Muslim, Amish, or other small, faithful groups are just a percentage of people who should be ignored? Personally, I don't care if someone wishes me “Merry Christmas,” “Happy Holidays,” “Blessed Winter Solstice,” or even just “How ya doin.'” Any and all of these phrases, when said in kindness, should be cherished equally. Most Atheists feel the same.
Christianity is a 2,010 year-old religion. However, Judaism is the second oldest religion. In fact, “The city of Jericho has been continuously occupied—and had a city way—from something like 8000 BCE. The patriarch Abraham, if he existed, would have around 3000—or 2000—BCE. Accordingly, Judaism is approximately 5,000 years old. Hinduism is even older—approximately 8,000 years old.
Should adherents of either religion judge Christianity given the relatively small time people believe in Christianity? Of course, not. Perhaps you might do well to remember that Christians were once in the minority.
Just because a particular group of people are in the minority doesn't mean they should be silenced. I was brought up Jewish, a religion which is approximately 1.7% of the U.S. population. By your logic, people of the Jewish faith are also useless. Ann Coulter, a self-proclaimed Christian, called Jews “unfinished Christians.” That statement denigrates all Christians. How do you feel about that comment?
No one can reason another into faith. Christianity does not mean stupid or vicious. I deeply believe in C.S. Lewis' comment from Mere Christianity, a logic I wish were practiced by all faiths:
“The battle is between faith and reason on one side and emotion and imagination on the other….. the same thing happens about Christianity. I am not asking anyone to accept Christianity if his best reasoning tells him that the weight of evidence is against it. That is not the point at which faith comes in.”
Lewis' logic is irrefutable I do not believe any soul is “useless.” Atheists do have a belief in that they don't believe in anything.
Here's how Mohamed viewed Christianity and Judaism: “… when he established the first peace sanctuary of Madinah, where the majority of the people were not Muslims. Here is what he said about the Christians of Najran (Yaman):”
“Najran has the protection of God and the pledges of Muhammad, the Prophet, to protect their (the Christians') lives, faith, land, property, those who are absent and those who are present, and their clan and allies. They need not change anything of their past customs. No right of theirs or their religion shall be altered. No church leader, monk or church guard shall be removed from his position.”
Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Sears, that it is regrettable that more people don't feel this way?
I strongly believe and try to practice the most important and central tenets of Christianity: “Judge ye not” and “The greatest commandment of all is Love.” Religion different from faith. Christianity is comprised of numerous branches and each group views Christ's words in a different way. Accordingly, which Christians are on the “Right Side” of any issue and which are not?
Mr. Sears, if you sit in judgment and refuse to show love and compassion to others, an action Christ specifically instructed his followers to avoid, then your rationale requires one to find your logic spurious.
Dear Google,
I would first like to thank you for building a phenomenal email product. Lightyears ahead of any other email product, Gmail has been my go-to email provider for the past few years.
Let me count the ways I love Gmail:
1) Gmail search is amazing. It is the killer mail feature. I never delete any emails and can find anything I am looking for in under ten seconds. There is nothing that can beat that.
2) Near unlimited storage. I send and receive a ton of emails and am only at 83% capacity.
3) Google Labs (found in settings) has great add-ons like canned responses (allows you to store common email responses) and undo send (gives you 20 seconds to unsend an email).
4) Ability to work with non-official add-ons like Rapportive (shows all social accounts of individual you are emailing; allows you to connect directly from Gmail) and Yesware (allows you to see who is reading your email and track everything).
5) Creating filters easily can be great to clean up spam or get connecting emails in one area.
6) Google Hangouts baked into Gmail has been pretty impressive. I use Skype less and less.
7) Google Chat (Gchat). This is where things get done. It is AIM on steroids and most of us would not be able to function without it.
8) Google Calendar is a complex product that allows for collaborating across a large organization. I live in my calendar and I am thankful for it.
While the Gmail product is superb, it can still be better. This open letter provides a few key suggestions to keep Gmail ahead of the pack.
Quick Responses Minus The Email
One of the best features from old AOL Mail was the ability to see that someone read your email. While, companies like Yesware take care of this, there is still a huge opportunity for a “read” feature.
A feature I would really like to see in Gmail is one with a few preset responses that don't send an email but work sort of like AOL mail (or BBM)… with a “d” and “r,” for delivered and received. This way, my inbox doesn't need to blow up with responses that are valuable but time-wasting.
I would love to be able to click a “got it,” “on it,” “followed up,” “thanks,” “no problem,” when I get an email. This would let the sender know that it didn't go to spam and that I am on top of it (but without the notification- it would just “be there”). Other short responses like LOL, WTF, Funny, Cute, etc. should also be available. This would be a killer tool and keep Gmail relevant with the younger demographic as messaging becomes more prominent and emails become less and less relevant.
Managing Multiple Gmail Accounts (Personal / Work)
You, Gmail haven't cracked the nut on managing multiple accounts. What I currently do is open up my personal account in Chrome. I then open my business account in an incognito window. I run two parallel browsers for maximum productivity.
I'm not sure about the perfect solution to this, but maybe it has to do with logging into both accounts in one master Gmail account. There should be a parent Gmail account that lets you do both personal and business. It could be as easy as a personal and business tab on the top left of the account, and then you are concurrently logged in.
(Update: I received multiple emails about this- apparently Google has already solved this. Late adopter here.)
Contacts and Tasks Need An Overhaul
I use Contacts and Tasks daily, but I know they can be displayed better. I would like you, dear Google, to take a look at my Contacts and make it smarter. I have tons of duplicates (actually more like quadruplicates) that you should easily identify and consolidate, in addition to updating more information about the person (picture, address, etc). Google, let's be honest, you know who is and isn't close to me, so please don't play games and make believe you don't know. It feels like you are Mikhail Bakunin, member of the The Others and a former Soviet soldier who lived in the Flame, a station made by the DHARMA Initiative from the show LOST and we are playing out the scene where Kate, Locke, and Sayid discover you are really an Other. There is no reason to play this game. You know everything about us, Google. It is okay- just take care of our contacts, we won't be frightened.
In terms of Tasks, I would like you to start helping me resolve my tasks. There some great startups working on helping people resolve their To-Do lists. Maybe it's time for some M&A. Any.DO looks good. Go for it.
Analytics
My friend Jeff Novich suggested this final request, and it is a good one. It would be awesome to have a basic analytics on my emails. What hour of the day do most of my sent emails get opened? What is the average time between email receipt and response? What is the bounce rate of people opening my emails? How many or what percentage of my emails are marked as spam? How many or what percentage of my emails go into the trash? Some basic analytics on my email habits would help me improve the efficiency of my email. And that is good for everyone.
Thanks for listening to me ramble, Google. Even if you don't build and release any of these features, you'll still reign for the foreseeable future. But it would be great to see you continue to innovate and stay ahead of the pack.
Your fan,
Alex
When you take Star Wars and twist it so much that you get an entirely new breed of characters, you know that your creativity is working. To say that we have seen and shared a lot of Star Wars mashup creations here on Bit Rebels would really be an understatement. There are tons of stuff you can find here if you just use the keyword “Star Wars” in the search field on the sidebar. The most appreciated are the creations from Sillof, a master of the mold who creates the most rad and inspiring action figurines based on the Star Wars universe. Even though the real Star Wars figurines that were released back in the '80s should bring a hefty buck if you sell them, the Sillof stuff is more impressive to me and would be better than the originals if I could get my hands on some of these badboys.
Well, Sillof is back with another set of badass characters, and this time it is all about the cyberpunk lifestyle. He's once again taken the legendary characters of Star Wars and pushed them to their limits in a whole new world. You can clearly see what characters the new figurines are based upon, and they have each gotten their own new name as well. Now if that is not dedication to the art, I really don't know what is.
How about switching Leia for Luna, Luke Skywalker for Link Sourcecoder and Han Solo for Hak Slicer? I doubt these will be up for sale anytime soon, and that makes me kind of sad. I would so want to have one of these. It would get a royal placement in my geek lair and be the center of attention whenever visitors dropped by. So, if you're reading this Sillof, do you perhaps have one of these awesome creations to spare? Probably not, but it was worth a shot. For a further showcase of amazing creativity, I strongly suggest that you drop by Sillof‘s website and take a peek at all of his stuff. It's geek mania right there!
A little-known 1938 booklet rejected the 1935 decision of a Berne Court (overturned on appeal) that the Protocols of Zion were a forgery. It foresaw that
World War Two was an Illuminati (Masonic) Jewish trap.
"Their world war is a necessity in order that, in the name of indivisible peace,
all that portion of mankind who wish to cast off the Jewish yoke, may be laid low."
Revue internationale des sociétés secrétes, April,1937
The Jewish prophets have laid down the political objectives of the Jewish people. Isaiah in particular, in chapters XL to LX promises quite undisguisedly world-domination to the chosen people. The same thing exactly is the aim of the Protocols, which may be said to differ only in the sense that they are a modern strategic plan, drawn up in a manner more suited to present-day conditions.
Countless statements from Rabbinical sources, and by Jewish politicians agree in astonishing fashion with the general lines of the Protocols. The following fact moreover cannot be refuted namely, that the political occurrences of the present day, taking place as they do under the influence of Jewish Freemasonry, are developing in exact accordance with the lines laid down in the Protocols, and that more particularly in Soviet Russia, under "the leadership of Jewry, the Protocols have already become an accomplished fact.
(Priest faces firing squad in Masonic ruled Mexico)
It is only necessary to think of the destruction of the Christian religion as ordered in the Protocols, of the destruction of all estates, of the moral poisoning of youth, and of the undermining of the family, of the enslavement of the working people, and of the famines created in a fashion so conscienceless, of the way in which Moscow organizes agitation and incitement of the masses in all countries, more especially in the case of Spain, of the continuous strikes and economic crises in France, and of the subsidized and controlled revolutionary movements in Mexico and in China, to come to the only possible conclusion namely, that Jewry with the help of Bolshevism, Marxism and Freemasonry, is undeviatingly carrying out what is prescribed in the Protocols, in order to obtain for the Jewish people that world-domination which is promised to them by their God Jehovah.
WORLD DOMINATION
This fight for world-domination has been in full swing ever since Italian Fascism put an end to the destructive activities of Freemasonry, that most dangerous of all Jewish secret societies, and since Germany has declared openly that it is the Jew, and the Jew alone who is the driving force behind the destruction of political order among the different peoples.
In complete accordance with the sense of Protocol 7, the dogs of war are to be let loose against those states who desire to free themselves from the Jewish reign of terror, such states as Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal and Poland. On the above subject, the following forms an interesting extract from the "Revue internationale des sociétés secrétes, No 7, April 1937:
"A new war in defence of democracy and of alleged law is being prepared in all haste. An alliance of all the Jewish groups is already complete; it bears the official title of the alliance of the three great democracies, the English, the American, and the French. . . . Israel requires world war and soon! . . . Israel is positively of the opinion that time is getting short. To the mind, their world war is a necessity in order that, in the name of indivisible peace, all that portion of mankind who wish to cast off the Jewish yoke, may be laid low."
It is just the three countries above mentioned who to-day are completely under Jewish-Masonic control. Practically every member of their respective governments is a Freemason. In their case also in all key positions, men of Jewish origin are to be found, or persons who either as a result of marriage, or of financial obligation, are open to Jewish influence.
I will in general refrain from mentioning names. I should like however to point to one man only, in regard to whom Jewry are always proclaiming that he is not a Jew namely, Stalin. But Stalin in point of fact is married to a Jewess, and his all powerful Secretary of State is his brother-in- law Kaganowitsch. Only statesmen completely blind fail to recognize that the fate of the peoples entrusted to their charge no longer depends upon themselves, and that they will most certainly bring their peoples under the Jewish Bolshevist yoke if they do not first of all unite to fight the Jewish world danger.
It is neither from Germany, Italy, nor Japan that danger threatens, but solely and only from the direction of Jewry, who in every country play a pretendedly patriotic role, but at the same time, by means of their international press, incite one country against the other, in complete accordance with the directions of Protocol 7: "Throughout all Europe, and by means of relations with Europe, in other continents also, we must create ferments, discords and hostility. ... We must compel the governments of the Goyim to take action in the direction favored by our widely- conceived plan, already approaching the desired consummation, by what we shall represent as public opinion, secretly prompted by us through the means of that so-called "Great Power" - the Press which with few exceptions that may be disregarded, is entirely in our hands."
THE PLAN IS APPARENT
The plan of Jewry as developed in the Protocols, becomes from year to year more clear and more terrible. Whoever still persists in refusing to recognize it, is either seriously incapable, or else guilty of a crime against his own people. And once again I will take as my authority a Jew, who unconditionally stands for the authenticity of the Protocols, and who asserts that Jewish mentality alone could draw up a programme like that of the Protocols, so that if only on these grounds, it is not possible to doubt the authenticity of the document.
(Trebitsch, left, a German Jewish writer who opposed the agenda outlined in the Protocols)
The authority referred to is the late Arthur Trebitsch, author of Deutscher Geist oder Judentum, published 1921, on page 74 of which we find the following:
"Anybody who like the author, has long since realized, seen, and heard with ominous dread, all the thoughts, aims and intentions derived from the entirety of our economic, political and intellectual life, and expressed in those secret documents, can with absolute confidence assert that they present the most genuine and unalloyed expression of that versatile spirit which is striving towards world-domination; and that an Aryan mind, however far it might have been driven along the road of forgery and calumny by Anti-Semitic rancour, could never, under any circumstances have devised these methods of action, these underhand expedients and these swindles as a whole."
A Conference of the World Service , the international organization for defense against Jewish aggression in all countries, took place in Erfurt from the 2nd to the 5th of September of this year. Distinguished experts, authors and political leaders, more especially from the following countries, took part: Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Great-Britain, Finland, Greece, Holland, Italy, Yugoslavia, Canada, Lettland, the U.S.A., Norway, Austria, Poland, Russia (Emigration), Sweden, Switzerland, Spain, South Africa, Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
After the commission appointed to inquire into the authenticity of the Protocols had rendered a report of its two years of activity, the Congress unanimously adopted ... the following resolution relative to the authenticity of "The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion": That the verdict given in Berne May 14 1935 to the effect that the Protocols are a forgery is a faulty verdict. That it only became possible in consequence of the Judge having erroneously based his judgement upon the expertises of the two Swiss experts recommended by the Jewish side C.A. Loosli and Professor A. Baumgarten, after he had heard the 16 witnesses for the Jewish side, and after having refused to hear any single one of the 40 witnesses brought by the Aryan side. The verdict in Berne has not shaken the authenticity of the Protocols. For their authenticity the following irrefutable fact, among many others, bears witness namely, that Jewry in the social, political, and religious sphere, persistently model all their actions along the lines laid down in the Protocols. The Protocols of the Elders of Zion are accordingly the authentic programme of Jewish world politics.
-------
Related- US Policy Makes No Sense except as Illuminati Jewish World Domination
- See more at: http://henrymakow.com/2014/09/Authenticity-of-Protocols-of-Zion-Affirmed%20.html#sthash.5EJncToR.dpuf
An advocacy group is responding to an Arizona pastor's viral anti-gay rant with a heartfelt holiday campaign.
Organizers of Planting Peace, perhaps best known as the organization that brought you the rainbow-colored Equality House across the street from the Westboro Baptist Church compound, launched the new fundraiser in response to Pastor Steven Anderson's claims that "executing" gays will help eradicate HIV/AIDS.
The Planting Peace campaign is raising funds that will go toward helping people with HIV/AIDS, and for every donation made, a lump of coal will be sent to Tempe's Faithful Word Baptist Church, where Anderson is a pastor, in a festive package to be delivered on Christmas Eve.
"Pastor Anderson calling for the execution of gays is a startling reminder of how much hate and bigotry still exists in our society," Planting Peace President Aaron Jackson told The Huffington Post in an email. "In keeping with Planting Peace's philosophy of countering messages of hate with compassion, we wanted to provide a positive platform to bring people together to not only help people with HIV, but to do so in a lighthearted way that will raise awareness for a very serious issue."
You can read more about the new campaign and donate here.
Video footage of Anderson's bizarre rant went viral earlier this week. In it, the pastor argues that members of the gay community are "filled with disease because of the judgement of God," and that the cure for HIV/AIDS was "right there in the Bible all along.
Citing Leviticus 18:22, he noted, "if you executed the homos like God recommends, you wouldn't have all this AIDS running rampant."
Anderson, who "holds no college degree but has well over 140 chapters of the Bible memorized word-for-word" according to his church's website, has made headlines several times this year for bizarre statements.
Slayer may have helped create thrash metal with its songs about apocalypse and hellfire, but apparently contract complaints are the real abomination.
The band's drummer and co-founding member Dave Lombardo has been kicked off the group's upcoming Australian tour, and he posted a long Facebook note detailing his side of what happened. In short, Lombardo said that after questioning the group's expenses and accounting practices on tour, he was informed by the band's lawyers that he wouldn't be needed on the upcoming tour and would be replaced by fill-in Jon Dette (who played drums for the band between 1992 and 2002).
Lombardo also accuses his bandmates of forbidding him to speak to the press and that they coerced him into signing a long-term contract where the accounting details of tours would be kept hidden from him. "I was told that I would not be paid until I signed a long form contract which gave me no written assurance of how much or on what basis management would deduct commissions, nor did it provide me access to the financial budgets or records for review. It also forbade me to do interviews or make statements having to do with the band, in effect a gagging order," he wrote. The full post is here.
While the inaugural round of the TUDOR United SportsCar Championship may now be in the books, the job of Scot Elkins and the rest of IMSA's technical team has just begun, as a new set of Balance of Performance (BoP) regulations will be defined for the Prototype class prior to next month's Twelve Hours of Sebring.
Speaking with Sportscar365, Elkins confirmed changes will be made to the DP and P2-based machinery as they transition into high-downforce aero packages for Sebring and the majority of the remaining rounds this season.
DPs, which ran in a hybrid 2014-spec at Daytona, are expected to use diffusers, and although not yet confirmed by IMSA, P2 cars could shed its Le Mans-spec low-downforce aero kit.
Other changes, such as air restrictor sizes, are expected, along with the possibility of adjusting fuel capacities for the two different platforms after data gathered from the Rolex 24.
“We're going to desperately try to get something out prior to the [Sebring] test so everyone's there would be testing what they're going to race,” Elkins told Sportscar365. “In an ideal world, we'll be able to set the BoP before the test and keep it through the race.”
Despite a reduction in power given to DP cars just prior to Daytona, the tube-framed prototypes were still noticeably quicker than the ACO-spec machinery in the race. Elkins said they will be taking a number of DPs to the wind tunnel this month to perform BoP aero testing for Sebring.
As for the other classes, Elkins doesn't anticipate a complete overhaul in the BoP but rather adjustments to specific cars based on the data gathered in the twice-around-the-clock endurance classic.
“GT Daytona and GT Le Mans is a little different because we didn't have any specific low-downforce packages on those cars,” he said. “We'll look at it, but it's not defining a new aero package like we'll do for the Prototype class.”
As referenced above, Elkins hopes to have the BoP adjustments released prior to the official Sebring Winter Test on Feb. 20-21.
Mayor John Tory had a choice: clinch a deal with city council's right wing that would please Uber and taxi plate owners, or stick with more stringent regulations painstakingly crafted by his officials with left-leaning councillors. The mayor's decision, an agreement on the most Uber-friendly regulations on the table, got him a decisive council win this week that loosened rules on the taxi industry and legalized new private companies. It also incinerated relations with some council colleagues, who say the mayor's talk of a “big tent” is now in shreds and accuse his office of “double dealing” toward a decision that ultimately sold out taxi drivers.
Taxi drivers show their frustration Tuesday night with city hall security staff after a long, tense day at city council chambers. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
“It is now absolutely clear to me that it is more important to the mayor and his senior staff that they win than it is that they achieve good public policy outcomes,” said Councillor Gord Perks, who was part of orchestrating the agreement that failed.
Tory spokesperson Amanda Galbraith rejected any suggestion that Tory or his staff negotiated in bad faith.
Article Continued Below
“Throughout this process the mayor has been clear his goal is to build a modern city that puts the needs of the people of this city first,” she said in a statement Friday. Tory has been “clear he felt the best way to do that is to remain consistent with the recommendations of the hardworking, expert city staff,” she said, adding that the regulation passed by council “represents a win for the travelling public, who have overwhelmingly supported adopting new technology.” In one of the most contentious debates at city hall so far this term, the licensing and standards committee — filled with councillors like Giorgio Mammoliti and Jim Karygiannis, who have defended the interests of an elite group of taxi plate owners — pushed to ban Uber and other companies from operating legally in the city. But with the final decision up to council, the mayor's office approached left-leaning councillors to work on a more balanced agreement — one that would have licensed drivers for companies like Uber while increasing safety standards, protecting taxi drivers and limiting the number of licensed vehicles on the road. Now those councillors, led by Janet Davis and Gord Perks, say the mayor's office blindsided them in the final hours, yanking an agreed-upon motion as council debated the regulations, and putting the public interest in the back seat. The mayor's office and councillors agree they reached an agreement in principle on the Friday before the vote, with Perks and Tory's chief of staff, Chris Eby, shaking hands on it.
But from there, the two accounts diverge significantly on how things fell apart. The mayor's office says it was Davis who scuttled the deal Monday night, under pressure from taxi industry members not willing to compete with Uber. An hour later, right-wing councillors approached with a proposal of their own, according to the mayor's office. The decision was made to pursue both options, believing there was no longer any firm agreement with the left but that they preferred that plan.
Article Continued Below
At 10:30 p.m. Monday, Tory's policy adviser, Luke Robertson, emailed Perks and Davis a draft motion based on their earlier agreement. Davis emailed back in the early morning, saying some fixes were needed. She told the Star that at that point she didn't think there were major problems. At council Tuesday morning, Perks and Robertson worked on technical changes and wording, by text message and in person. Perk says he signed off on the motion and watched it get handed to council clerks at 11 a.m. He returned to his seat believing that motion would be tabled later in the day. The mayor's office says the motion was not finalized and never signed off on by Tory and that an agreement with the right-leaning councillors was reached at 11:30 a.m., when they started writing up a second motion. When Davis ran into Eby in the hall on the lunch break, at 12:30 p.m., she was told the agreement was off and a different deal had already been made — one involving Karygiannis, Mammoliti and others. “I was completely taken aback — to say the deal was done when they were walking down the hallway with an alternative proposal,” Davis said. On Tuesday night, council voted 27-15 to back regulations that ushered legalized Uber services into the city, while deleting many safety requirements imposed on the taxi industry over decades of reforms. It also resurrected ongoing ownership of once-lucrative taxi plates that were in the process of being phased out in favour of a fully owner-operated model. “Having been here 10 years, this is the single biggest letdown I have in terms of working in a good-faith way to try to advance public policy,” Perks said following the vote. Tory told reporters after the vote that the worst-case scenario would have been “some kind of deadlock,” with no regulations to deal with Uber and other disruptive technology. “I had to make sure that I had the number of votes necessary, as you do on every issue every day around here, to pass something,” he said. “So we, needless to say, engaged in conversation with a number of people on the council simply to go and do what I have to do.” He characterized the vote as a win “with a handsome margin.” “Any time you can get two-thirds of the councillors, you know, to vote on something, I think that's a very solid mandate that indicates that a solid majority of the councillors, you know, supported what was done.” Councillor Joe Mihevc, a left-leaning colleague of Perks and Davis, called it double-dealing and questioned whether the mayor can be trusted as an honest broker. “The Uber negotiations is a shock for all of us trying to work inside the tent,” said Mihevc. “A tent exists, but the downtown and more progressive voices aren't welcome inside. The whole thing leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. Burned once? Burned twice — there would need to be very clear signs they are acting in good faith before some of us would venture in that direction again.” In the end, he said, the regulations did not create a “level playing field” as Tory had promised. “We reduced protections for passengers and made one segment of society more vulnerable,” Mihevc said, referring to changes that include removing mandatory training programs and not compensating drivers for discounted fares. Tory's office consulted Uber — and, it says, Lyft, other ride-hailing companies and taxi groups — on the proposed regulations as they were being drafted. “If government is going to regulate an industry it would be irresponsible not to consult them on the drafting of regulations,” Galbraith says, adding that Uber indicated it could operate under both the frameworks being proposed by councillors on the left and the right. For those watching the vote counts, there were other signs that peace under the Tory administration may have fractured. Deputy Mayor Denzil Minnan-Wong, who was appointed by Tory and was the architect of earlier taxi reforms, voted most often with the left. In the end, he voted against the new regulations. He declined to discuss what happened in detail, saying his voting record would “speak for itself.” “I did support the idea of ride sharing and I did support all the amendments that related to consumer protection,” he said. “I voted my conscience.” With files from Betsy Powell
Read more about:
CLOSE The principal and assistant principal of Knox County Schools L&N STEM Academy have been placed on leave, according to an email sent to families of students Monday by Superintendent Bob Thomas. Angela Gosnell/News Sentinel
Becky Ashe, principal at L&N Stem Academy. (Photo: Knox County Schools)
The principal and assistant principal of Knox County Schools L&N STEM Academy have been placed on leave, according to an email sent to families of students Monday by Superintendent Bob Thomas.
The email said that Laura Boring, a longtime Knox County administrator, has assumed administrative duties while principal Becky Ashe and vice principal Tim Childers are on leave. It did not state the reason for the action.
Carly Harrington, spokeswoman for Knox County Schools, declined to comment on the reason for the administrative leave, citing an ongoing investigation. She did not respond to a list of follow-up questions.
Knoxville Police Department Spokesman Darrell DeBusk said the department is aware of an investigation at Knox County Schools involving the two administrators at L&N. He would not say whether KPD is also investigating. He declined to release any further details.
Tennessee Department of Children's Services spokesman Rob Johnson said something similar.
“While DCS is aware of the circumstances surrounding the situation, the department is not conducting an investigation of the school at this time," Johnson said late Tuesday.
Ashe and Childers could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Tim Childers, assistant principal at L&N Stem Academy. (Photo: Knox County Schools)
In the note, Thomas assured parents that the school staff and administrators would remain professional and student-focused and thanked parents for their patience and support of the school.
School board member Tony Norman said he used to teach with Ashe and said she was "thoroughly pleasant and professional."
“It's disturbing to hear this,” he said. “I've had issues for a long time about (this) … where someone is placed on leave and then (rumors) start.
“We don't know anything,” he continued. “We know nothing, and automatically with administrative leave if there's any accusation, your name ends up in the paper … I wish we could change that, but that's just the way things are (right now).”
School board member Gloria Deathridge said she was "shocked" when she heard the news about Ashe.
“I love Becky Ashe, so I'm kind of concerned as well, and hopefully we can get this sorted out because the school has flourished under her leadership and I think they will continue to do so," she said.
The other school board members either had no comment or did not return a call requesting comment from the USA TODAY NETWORK-Tennessee.
Childers is listed as the vice president of the board of directors of Professional Educators of Tennessee, a teachers' association group based in Nashville.
Jacqueline Sims' son is a senior at L&N STEM. She said her family loves the school and said, "We thank the Lord every day that our son has had the opportunity to attend L&N STEM Academy."
"Mrs. Ashe and Mr. Childers have been supportive and caring administrators that have created a welcoming atmosphere for parents and a challenging academic experience for the students ... My husband and I are both educators and realize that principals who create this type of environment are rare. We are heartbroken for both Mrs. Ashe and Mr. Childers, who we hope will be back where they belong as leaders at the L&N Stem Academy," she said.
Sandy McDonald also has a son at L&N STEM. McDonald said she didn't agree with the way the school system handled the ordeal.
"I did not receive an email with the letter from the Superintendent but found out when another parent posted on FB (sic) last night," she said. "Becky Ashe is the kindest, most professional administrator I have ever encountered! I hope this situation is resolved soon and fault the Superintendent for not notifying ALL parents or providing more information."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Knoxnews newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Daily news headlines, without having to open the newspaper. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7097. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Knoxnews Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Ashe has been principal of the school since its opening in 2011 in the former L&N train station downtown. She said at the time that her goal for the academy was to make it a model for the best practices in STEM education. STEM stands for science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
The school opened with an enrollment of 180 students, who came from Knox County. Two years later it began accepting students from surrounding counties.
U.S. News and World Report ranked the school the sixth best high school in Tennessee in 2016, and last year it ranked in the top 10 percent in performance in the state.
Staff writer Rachel Ohm contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jBOUVW
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
ENDNOTES
2 what gives something meaning
3 super-individual contents of life are what the individuals in a society share; the term includes culture (for example, money, which is the same thing for all of those who exchange it and exchange for it)
4 sense data: what is seen, heard, smelled, touched, tasted and felt
5 the entire conscious life of an individual; its "highest level" is the intellect; its "lowest level" is mute feeling
6 the part of the psyche (mind) that thinks things out and calculates the causes and consequences of action
7 means of exchange are the ways things (goods and services) are transferred from one individual to another; eg., by money, by barter, or by custom (eg. birthday gifts)
8 formal justice means that who gets what is strictly determined by rules that pay no attention to individual differences
9 having to do with money
10 in the money economy, things and services are produced for money and acquired by paying money for them (as opposed to barter and common sharing)
11 expressed in non-numerical characteristics - eg., color, emotion
12 expressed in numbers
13 sovereign types of personality are personalities that will not change or compromise their distinctive attitudes, behaviors and desires
14 unresponsiveness to stimulation; refusal or inability to be emotionally moved by or involved in people and things
15 holding back from responding fully to other people
16 the unit of ancient Greek society; the city state (Chicago, without the U.S. or Illinois, ruling itself completely)
17 the other side of the story
18 the attitude that nothing human is foreign to me; that the whole realm of culture, wherever it originates, is open to me - I draw no boundaries around parts of culture that make those parts belong only to separate groups (eg., "Italian culture is only for Italians")
19 self-sufficient
20 imposing an agenda, imposing one's will
21 objective culture - the collection of rules, tools, symbols and products created by human beings
22 subjective culture - what individuals have been able to absorb and integrate into themselves from objective culture
23 spirit is mind or consciousness, and the results of conscious activity (culture) (for example, composing music and the music that has been composed are types or modes of spirit)
24 wasting away
25 over-development
Alicia Carr isn't your typical tech founder. Having discovered her love for coding later in life, she's using her newfound talent for a good cause. Her app, The Purple PocketBook, was established as an effort to empower women experiencing domestic violence with the essential tools required to develop a safe, secure exit plan. As someone who's had family and friends fall victim to domestic violence, Carr wants her app to help the millions suffering from abuse across the country. We recently connected with Alicia to get the scoop on her and her app.
What's your current role?
Executive Director – The Purple Pocketbook Foundation Inc.
CEO – Mac IT Enterprise LLC
What startup/tech projects have you worked on?
In 2012, I decided I wanted to be a app developer after meeting a young man who was 16 years old. I asked how he got the funds to get the first version of the iPad and he told me he was a millionaire after developing the app. I said to myself, “I want to do that.” A friend of mine got me started by learning Objective C. After many books and online courses, I started working on the Purple Pocketbook in January 2014 and finished the first version in March 2014. After a month of submitting the app to Apple, it finally got approved on May 2, 2014.
The app's main features are:
-Secrecy: the app provides a discreet, untraceable platform for women to review their available resources, including local shelter contact information.
-Education: Questionnaire designed to confirm what type of domestic violence you may be experiencing.
-Safe, secure escape options: the women can finally see relief from this awful situation.
-Legal information (State of GA ONLY)
-Offered in 6 different languages: English, Korean, Spanish, Arabic, Urdu and Hindi
Screenshots of the Purple PocketBook App
What tech/tools are essential to you?
My iPhone, my iPad, my MacBook Pro…I can't live without my Apple family.
What are your best technical or creative skills?
I have always been creative. My mom taught me how to sew and then I started designing my clothes. A family member taught me how to crochet and I took that to the next level and started to learn how to knit.
While my husband was in the military, I would buy old computers and take them apart and build a new computer out of the old parts. I wanted to learn how to create a website, so I learned HTML and designed and maintained my first website called the African American Literary Forum. It allowed African American authors to list their books for free and allowed readers to find/buy them from Amazon.
What's next on your list to learn?
Right now on my list to learn is to do more projects in Swift to expand my knowledge and résumé.
Download The Purple PocketBook for iOS on the App Store and for Android on Google Play Today!
Follow The Purple Pocketbook on:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/PurplePocketBook
Twitter: https://twitter.com/purplpocketbook
Want to read more stories like Alicia's? We cover local talent like her every week. Sign up for our newsletter, and follow us on Twitter and facebook for more inspiring stories of movers and shakers .
This post gives a brief introduction to Loader s and the LoaderManager . The first section describes how data was loaded prior to the release of Android 3.0, pointing out out some of the flaws of the pre-Honeycomb APIs. The second section defines the purpose of each class and summarizes their powerful ability in asynchronously loading data.
This is the first of a series of posts I will be writing on Loaders and the LoaderManager:
If you know nothing about Loader s and the LoaderManager , I strongly recommend you read the documentation before continuing forward.
The Not-So-Distant Past
Before Android 3.0, many Android applications lacked in responsiveness. UI interactions glitched, transitions between activities lagged, and ANR (Application Not Responding) dialogs rendered apps totally useless. This lack of responsiveness stemmed mostly from the fact that developers were performing queries on the UI thread—a very poor choice for lengthy operations like loading data.
While the documentation has always stressed the importance of instant feedback, the pre-Honeycomb APIs simply did not encourage this behavior. Before Loaders, cursors were primarily managed and queried for with two (now deprecated) Activity methods:
public void startManagingCursor(Cursor) Tells the activity to take care of managing the cursor's lifecycle based on the activity's lifecycle. The cursor will automatically be deactivated ( deactivate() ) when the activity is stopped, and will automatically be closed ( close() ) when the activity is destroyed. When the activity is stopped and then later restarted, the Cursor is re-queried ( requery() ) for the most up-to-date data.
public Cursor managedQuery(Uri, String, String, String, String) A wrapper around the ContentResolver 's query() method. In addition to performing the query, it begins management of the cursor (that is, startManagingCursor(cursor) is called before it is returned).
While convenient, these methods were deeply flawed in that they performed queries on the UI thread. What's more, the “managed cursors” did not retain their data across Activity configuration changes. The need to requery() the cursor's data in these situations was unnecessary, inefficient, and made orientation changes clunky and sluggish as a result.
The Problem with “Managed Cursor s”
Let's illustrate the problem with “managed cursors” through a simple code sample. Given below is a ListActivity that loads data using the pre-Honeycomb APIs. The activity makes a query to the ContentProvider and begins management of the returned cursor. The results are then bound to a SimpleCursorAdapter , and are displayed on the screen in a ListView . The code has been condensed for simplicity.
public class SampleListActivity extends ListActivity { private static final String [] PROJECTION = new String [] { "_id" , "text_column" }; @Override protected void onCreate ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { super . onCreate ( savedInstanceState ); // Performs a "managed query" to the ContentProvider. The Activity // will handle closing and requerying the cursor. // // WARNING!! This query (and any subsequent re-queries) will be // performed on the UI Thread!! Cursor cursor = managedQuery ( CONTENT_URI , // The Uri constant in your ContentProvider class PROJECTION , // The columns to return for each data row null , // No where clause null , // No where clause null ); // No sort order String [] dataColumns = { "text_column" }; int [] viewIDs = { R . id . text_view }; // Create the backing adapter for the ListView. // // WARNING!! While not readily obvious, using this constructor will // tell the CursorAdapter to register a ContentObserver that will // monitor the underlying data source. As part of the monitoring // process, the ContentObserver will call requery() on the cursor // each time the data is updated. Since Cursor#requery() is performed // on the UI thread, this constructor should be avoided at all costs! SimpleCursorAdapter adapter = new SimpleCursorAdapter ( this , // The Activity context R . layout . list_item , // Points to the XML for a list item cursor , // Cursor that contains the data to display dataColumns , // Bind the data in column "text_column"... viewIDs ); // ...to the TextView with id "R.id.text_view" // Sets the ListView's adapter to be the cursor adapter that was // just created. setListAdapter ( adapter ); } }
There are three problems with the code above. If you have understood this post so far, the first two shouldn't be difficult to spot:
managedQuery performs a query on the main UI thread. This leads to unresponsive apps and should no longer be used. As seen in the Activity.java source code, the call to managedQuery begins management of the returned cursor with a call to startManagingCursor(cursor) . Having the activity manage the cursor seems convenient at first, as we no longer need to worry about deactivating/closing the cursor ourselves. However, this signals the activity to call requery() on the cursor each time the activity returns from a stopped state, and therefore puts the UI thread at risk. This cost significantly outweighs the convenience of having the activity deactivate/close the cursor for us. The SimpleCursorAdapter constructor is deprecated and should not be used. The problem with this constructor is that it will have the SimpleCursorAdapter auto-requery its data when changes are made. More specifically, the CursorAdapter will register a ContentObserver that monitors the underlying data source for changes, calling requery() on its bound cursor each time the data is modified. The standard constructor should be used instead (if you intend on loading the adapter's data with a CursorLoader , make sure you pass 0 as the last argument). Don't worry if you couldn't spot this one… it's a very subtle bug.
With the first Android tablet about to be released, something had to be done to encourage UI-friendly development. The larger, 7-10” Honeycomb tablets called for more complicated, interactive, multi-paned layouts. Further, the introduction of the Fragment meant that applications were about to become more dynamic and event-driven. A simple, single-threaded approach to loading data could no longer be encouraged. Thus, the Loader and the LoaderManager were born.
Android 3.0, Loaders, and the LoaderManager
Prior to Honeycomb, it was difficult to manage cursors, synchronize correctly with the UI thread, and ensure all queries occurred on a background thread. Android 3.0 introduced the Loader and LoaderManager classes to help simplify the process. Both classes are available for use in the Android Support Library, which supports all Android platforms back to Android 1.6.
The new Loader API is a huge step forward, and significantly improves the user experience. Loader s ensure that all cursor operations are done asynchronously, thus eliminating the possibility of blocking the UI thread. Further, when managed by the LoaderManager , Loader s retain their existing cursor data across the activity instance (for example, when it is restarted due to a configuration change), thus saving the cursor from unnecessary, potentially expensive re-queries. As an added bonus, Loader s are intelligent enough to monitor the underlying data source for updates, re-querying automatically when the data is changed.
Conclusion
Since the introduction of Loader s in Honeycomb and Compatibility Library, Android applications have changed for the better. Making use of the now deprecated startManagingCursor and managedQuery methods are extremely discouraged; not only do they slow down your app, but they can potentially bring it to a screeching halt. Loader s, on the other hand, significantly speed up the user experience by offloading the work to a separate background thread.
In the next post (titled Understanding the LoaderManager), we will go more in-depth on how to fix these problems by completing the transition from “managed cursors” to making use of Loader s and the LoaderManager .
Don't forget to +1 this blog in the top right corner if you found this helpful!
By Chris Wright
Pies were just about getting to grips with the maddening logic of the half-and-half scarf when modern football culture goes and delivers us another stiff toe-poke to the goolies: The half-and-half shirt.
Now, we've seen Arsenal fans butchering two perfectly good shirts to create half-and-half home/away jersey cut-and-shuts in the past, but at the very least the two donor shirts have belonged to the same club.
This weekend saw the break-out of something far, far more insidious….
And you thought the half n half scarf was bad. Via @RFFH pic.twitter.com/Wz3jfw0VWG — Mark Chapman (@markchapman) October 26, 2014
Manchester United and Chelsea? Get this man quarantined, stat!
We're also adding these abominations into the mix…
What's going on people? Divided loyalties are one thing, but displaying them publicly is tantamount to footballing heresy.
THIS. NEEDS. TO. STOP. NOW.
Insect outbreaks—increasingly responsible for creating post-apocalyptic swaths of forest in the West—do not add fuel to forest fires.
In fact, a new study finds, they seem to do the opposite, in turn reducing the severity of forest blazes.
Researchers from the University of Vermont and Oregon State University used spatial models and statistical analyses to map 81 fires as well as insect outbreaks over a 25-year period in Oregon and Washington state. Published in the journal Environmental Research Letters today, the study looked at both mountain pine beetle and western spruce budworm outbreaks and unpacked the interaction between insect activity and fire severity.
“In context of climate change, you see increases of both insect outbreaks and fires, which has sparked concerns about their interactions,” said Garrett Meigs, a postdoctoral research associate at the University of Vermont and lead author of the study. “In contrast to recent studies, we found that insects were able to reduce wildfire severity over a pretty large area.”
The researchers hypothesize outbreaks, which lead to varying levels of tree mortality and thin the forest, reducing the amount of trees and vegetation susceptible to fire.
A growing body of research has found little connection between insect outbreaks and fire severity, despite the popular belief there is. For example, last year, a team of Colorado researchers found no correlation between beetles and fire severity in the case of high-elevation spruce and fir forests in southwestern Colorado (ClimateWire, Nov. 2, 2015).
This may be the first study to show outbreaks have a silver lining. Meigs said the findings could help forest managers allocate forest management resources because it could be the case that in forests where an outbreak has occurred, the fuel load has been reduced.
That effect differed depending on the amount of time that had passed between when an outbreak hit a forest and if and when it experienced fire. Different insects also wrought different effects, which Meigs said illustrated that forest management cannot be one size fits all.
In the case of the western spruce budworm, a cream-colored insect that especially enjoys munching on conifers, the analysis showed in the first few years after an outbreak fire severity is low, but over the course of decades it increases.
For mountain pine beetles, the study found fire severity was high immediately after an outbreak, but over time as the number of trees killed by the beetle outbreak grew, fire severity leveled out.
The findings track with the growing body of research on the impact of insects on forest fire severity, said Carolyn Sieg, a research plant ecologist with the U.S. Forest Service.
For example, immediately after a mountain pine beetle attacks a pine, its needles turn bright red and fall to the ground. That opens a small window in which severe fire behavior can take place because the dead needles create a new source of dry fuels to burn. That could change the type of fire that hits a forest from burning the crowns of the trees to instead burning near the surface, she said.
“It's a challenge to sort these things out,” Sieg said. “It matters the stage of the outbreak, it matters how many trees die, and it matters what kind of forest we're talking about.”
She said there is some evidence that insect outbreaks decrease severe fire behavior, which mirrors the findings of the new paper.
“What we sometimes find is the bark beetles did you a favor,” she said. “Now you have a density that is more in line with what occurs historically and less likely to support a crown fire.”
The Forest Service is studying this issue and is using physics-based fire prediction models to predict how forests that experienced insect outbreaks in different regions might react to fire.
One limitation of the new research is that it does not incorporate forest-level data on how the region was managed or how a fire was battled, for example.
“We still need to work on deciphering some of the fine-scale mechanisms behind these general patterns,” Meigs said. “A big question will be, ‘What will be the ecosystem recovery with multiple disturbances like this?'”
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After having sex , do you ever feel like heading off to church?
You know – you've just had some good times, you're snuggling down, and think, "yes, I think I'll say a prayer now".
If you feel prompted to do such things, science might explain it. Especially if you're male.
According to new research, having sex could inspire some sort of divinity within us – a greater sense of purpose, perhaps.
Researchers at Duke University say that sex could inspire a belief – or an increased belief – in God and religion.
Sex releases something called oxytocin. It's also known as the "hug hormone" and "cuddle chemical", as it plays a crucial role in love and affection.
(Image: Getty)
Oxytocin occurs naturally within us and is stimulated during sex, childbirth, and breastfeeding.
For a long time the chemical has been known to promote social bonding, trust, and even altruism.
Now, scientists at the North Carolina university in America say it could also incite spirituality in men too.
Research assistant, Professor Dr Patty Van Cappellen, says: "Spirituality and meditation have each been linked to health and well-being in previous research.
"We were interested in understanding biological factors that may enhance those spiritual experiences.
"Oxytocin appears to be part of the way our bodies support spiritual beliefs."
(Image: Getty)
According to the study, spotted by the Bath Chronicle , women produce more oxytocin than men, but Duke University hasn't yet studied its effects on female godliness.
To test the chemical reaction in men, participants were given the hormone, and others received a placebo.
The men who got a dose of the "hug hormone" were more likely to say that spirituality was an important part of their lives. It had meaning.
They said so whether they'd previously noted that faith was a major aspect of their lives or not.
Those who took part also said they'd be more likely to see themselves as "interconnection with other people and living things", the study reports.
Oxytocin, it seems, sparked more positive emotions, such as awe, gratitude, hope, inspiration, love, and serenity. But it didn't affect everyone equally – those with a certain gene, called CD38 and which regulates its release in the brain, had a much more amplified response.
The study was published online in Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience .
Prof Van Cappellen adds that another study needs to be carried out with women as the chemical operates differently between genders.
"Oxytocin's effects on women's spirituality still needs to be investigated," she says.
I have a bunch of other posts I have been writing and revising before I wanted to launch this blog, but something happened today that I had to write about and share immediately. Big Omaha Sold Out. But that's not the crazy part. The crazy part is that Big Omaha Sold Out in less than 1 week!
For those of you who have been living in a cave for the past 3 years, Big Omaha is a tech/entrepreneurship/mega awesome conference put on by the guys at Silicon Prairie News to help introduce the people of the Midwest to people who are building really cool up and coming companies. The speakers share a lot of their own personal experiences starting their own companies and help motivate other budding entrepreneurs by letting them know that they have been there before and that it can be done. More importantly, it can be done anywhere. So anyway, Big Omaha selling out in less than a week is an indicator of something:
Omaha is on the brink of massive change (you probably gathered that from the title of this post though).
Here is why:
1. Omahans are warming up to the idea of taking risks: Midwesterners are conservative by nature. We generally find good, solid jobs and stick to them. This is probably why Nebraska is ranked particularly low in regards to the rate of startups coming out of our state. The fact that Big Omaha sold out so quickly makes me realize that some people in the area are getting more excited about doing something for themselves instead of for some big, faceless corporation. Sure, a decent amount of the attendees just admire the guts that entrepreneurs have to risk it all, but would never put themselves in that position to do it themselves. However, I'm pretty sure that a decent amount of the people attending know that they want to build their own company and just need to know that there is a community around them that they can lean on for help when things get tough. Big Omaha will turn that light bulb on for some people. And once some people take the plunge, others are bound to follow.
2. Investors are starting to take notice of companies in our area: A couple of years ago, I am not sure if any tech companies in the Midwest had gotten any funding from outside investors in quite some time. However, in the past year, MindMixer (Omaha), Tripleseat (Omaha), Dwolla (Des Moines), Zaarly (Kansas City) and a couple of other companies have all gotten outside capital. This is another one of those building blocks. As soon as one investor puts money into a company in your area, it makes it a lot more likely that other investors will start looking in the area as well.
3. People are starting to realize that it is much cheaper to find talent in the Midwest: I was watching a presentation by Ben Milne, the CEO of Dwolla, and he mentioned that $1 million goes a long way in Des Moines and he is absolutely right. That same amount of money will last you a couple of months in Silicon Valley. In the Midwest, that same amount of capital can last you 2x-5x times longer. That's a huge advantage that we have in the Midwest over communities on either coast and now people seem to be realizing that.
4.The tech community here wants to see everyone succeed. I'm not deeply entrenched in Omaha's tech scene by any means. As a matter of fact, I know very few techies in Omaha. But it is becoming very apparent from my outside perspective, that over the past couple of years, that the tech community here is starting to really gel and use their collective forces to push the up and coming businesses to the next level. I think the community here wants to see new companies succeed because we take pride in the things that come out of our town. Even if we aren't directly involved with it. Just think of how many times you hear Omahans boast about how great our steak is or the fact that Warren Buffet is from our city. People here just genuinely like to see companies from our city succeed and they are willing to help out. I guarantee most other cities don't operate that way.
The quick sell out of Big Omaha doesn't necessarily mean we are on the brink of change. However, it's definitely an indicator that things are heading in the right direction. When you actually step back and take a look at the changes happening above, I think it is a pretty safe bet to say that you will be seeing some very cool and innovative things coming out of the Midwest soon. It's just a matter of getting the right people taking the plunge into entrepreneurship. It's going to happen. Just wait…
Advertisements
Description
ZvZ has the hardest early game off any Matchups for Zerg. Dealing with constant Baneling Aggression, scouting for 2 Base Cheese and trying to not lose all your Drones or 3rd to quick Attacks is difficult. This Build tries to slowly take a 3rd and then Transition into either Roaches or Mutas!
I took this Build off a Game I played against Snute. He went for 3 Fast Queens to kill my OL into slow Ling Bane Defense into a 3:30 3rd Base. He then finished me off with a 4 Gas ~50 Drone Roach Ravager Timing. I thought the Build was really cool because it looked so Safe so I adopted it and here is my take on it.
Rough BO:
17 Hatch 17 Gas 17 Pool
Drone to 19 then Overlord
Start 2 Queens + 6 Lings immediatly
Use Lings for Scouting / Defending
@100 Gas Ling Speed -> Mine Gas with 2 Drones only
@Queen in Main done move it to Natural to kill OL's and build a 3rd Queens in Main
@2:45-3:00 Bane Nest --> 1 more drone in Gas --> Always have Lings at home ready to morph into Banes!!
@3:30 3rd Base (can be build quicker if you feel safe)
@4:00 (or 35 Drones) take 2-3 additional Gasses and start a Lair + Roach Warren and Evo Chamber
@Evo get + 1 Missile
@41 Drones take your last Gas
Then either Spam Roaches or Drone up your 3rd and transition to Roach Ravager / Roach Muta / Ling Muta / Roach Hydra as you feel.
VOD
Build Order
Get SALT Encoding
12 0:00 Drone 13 0:12 Overlord 13 0:17 Drone 14 0:30 Drone x3 17 0:52 Hatchery 17 0:55 Drone x2 18 1:10 Extractor 17 1:13 Spawning Pool 17 1:16 Drone x2 18 1:29 Drone 19 1:40 Overlord 19 2:00 Queen x2 21 2:02 Zergling x6 26 2:11 Metabolic Boost 32 2:43 Queen 34 2:44 Overlord 36 2:58 Baneling Nest 44 3:20 Overlord 44 3:28 Hatchery 44 3:31 Overlord 44 3:39 Zergling x2 54 3:56 Baneling x3 54 3:58 Extractor x2 51 4:04 Roach Warren 51 4:05 Lair 58 4:28 Extractor 58 4:31 Evolution Chamber 59 4:48 Roach x5 67 4:53 Roach x2 67 4:58 Zerg Missile Weapons Level 1 73 5:03 Glial Reconstitution 73 5:06 Roach x3 123 6:29 Ravager x5 153 7:23 Extractor x2
Analysis
You can Skip the +1 Missile Upgrade on the Evolution Chamber if you don't want to go for Roaches but only if your opponent isn't going Mass Lings as Roaches need an additional Shot versus Lings without the +1.
If you want to go for Mutas off 3 Hatcheries try to Build a Low Number of Roaches but enough so you can survive if your opponent attacks. Also get at least 5 Gas!
If you go for Mutas transitioning to Baneling Play versus Hydras can be very Good. A quick 3 Base Roach Ravager Push as a follow up can also work wonders!
Today I'm happy to announce a brand new updated version of my tmControl2 UI kit for LiveCode. Yes, this announcement has a lot of 2's in it, and the package has lot going for it.
If you're not already familiar with tmControl2, it's a collection custom-built controls created to make the process of building applications easier. The package ships with an iOS theme containing more than 20 controls, and features an integrated visual editor that allows you to configure controls the same way you do in LiveCode — drag a control onto a card in your stack, size and colorize it the way you like, and select the settings appropriate for your app.
UPDATE: The official tmControl2 page has been updated to show the range controls included in the package. See the FAQ on the page to learn more.
To celebrate this new release, a limited time 15% introductory discount is being offered to new purchasers of tmControl2. Visit the Tactile Media Storefront and use promo code tm22INTRO when checking out.
If you're an existing tmControl customer, see here.
NEW AND UPDATED FEATURES AT A GLANCE
Added the ability to snapshot control layouts (rects and positions) at different screen sizes/orientations for responsive UI designs
Added built-in resize detection as a behavior to automatically resize auto-position controls on a card
Added all iOS screen sizes to the Control Editor along with automatic stack size detection
Improved/rebuilt icon management and established three standard states for both image and glyph icons: icon, hoverIcon (desktop only), and hiliteIcon
Added 9 new icon font sets to the Icon Library, for a combined total of over 4,000 icons and images
Added the ability to use both imported and referenced images as icons
Added the ability to search the Icon Library using keywords
Added an integrated icon property editor
Simplified the process of assigning an icon font to a segmented control
Added an integrated color picker to the Control Editor with tint selection
Simplified universal color assignment
Updated and improved controls demo stack with example scripts for all controls
Updated blur external for iOS9 (courtesy Monte Goulding) and demo stack
NEW shopping list demo stack showcasing advanced UI behavior
View the FAQ on the official tmControl2 page to learn more.
Demonstration of the layout snapshot feature:
(Visited 708 times, 1 visits today)
3
The leader of a Swedish Ambulance Driver's Union has spoken out on the abuse his members experience while attending to emergency call-outs in so-called “No Go Zones” in migrant-populated areas, and has called for his members to have access to “military” defensive equipment to enable them to do their jobs.
Union boss Gordon Grattidge spoke to well respected Swedish journalist Paulina Neuding in an interview for think tank Det Goda Samhället (The Good Society) and discussed ambulances being forced to retreat from no gone zones on a regular basis after coming under attack from “large groups of violent people”.
Saying his members needed police protection, as well as body armour and helmets, Mr. Grattidge described how ambulances frequently came under attack while on the job, remarking: “It's when we enter hazardous areas and there's a risk of putting our paramedics in danger.”
Responding to whether he was really “justified” in using the emotive phrase “no go zone”, the ambulance driver said: “I know it's sensitive and controversial, but for us it's really a no-go because we have directives not to go into dangerous situations. We are also clear about that but sometimes you end up there anyway. In that case, it feels good if you have adequate protection. We are supposed to get personal protection from the police when we enter ‘no-go zones'.”
The union head explained what constitutes a no-go zone in Sweden, saying they were “absolutely” majority immigrant neighbourhoods which were highly “segregated”. Despite claims by prominent Swedish politicians in recent days that crime is decreasing and that newly arrived migrants are integrating, the representative of the ambulance service, which sees the front line in Sweden's housing estates and immigrant neighbourhoods, said: “We see this type of area increasing in number… We receive reports from members, media and other parties. We [have definitely seen] an increase.”
Mr. Grattidge also spoke of the riots ongoing in Rinkeby, the infamous migrant neighbourhood where recently a journalist was attacked. He remarked the riots put his members at greater risk, and described how driving an ambulance to the area can go. He said:
“It's too dangerous to enter. We can be prevented from entering. We may be blocked from getting out. Vehicles can be sabotaged at the site. We can be exposed to physical violence. In seconds it can turn to attacks on our vehicles or against us personally… It can be stone throwing and even worse. Hand grenades have been thrown at police so that is a great concern.”
He added these violent incidents were taking their toll on the ambulance service with members experiencing post-traumatic stress after attacks, higher rates of sick-leave, and members leaving their jobs.
This is not the first time the union boss has spoken out about the safety of his members in violent neighbourhoods. Talking to Swedish newspaper Expressen in January, Grattidge called for the sale of fireworks to be regulated, saying that those who fire fireworks at ambulances and paramedics were actually undertaking “an attack on our democracy”.
Slamming the authorities and their failure to react, Grattidge wrote: “The government has shown itself completely unable to act as emergency preparedness in the community deteriorates.”
The security situation in Sweden has been in the global attention in recent weeks after U.S. President Donald J. Trump made reference to the effects of mass migration in the country. Although he was attacked for the comments, they were immediately followed by rioting in migrant-suburb Rinkeby.
Thanks to a great marketing campaign and widespread appeal, The Martian should easily take first with over $40M. The Walk opens in limited release exclusively in IMAX 3D and Large Format screens, but got off to a very poor start on Wednesday. Another interesting new release is Attack on Titan: Part One, which got a surprisingly strong start despite a very small release.
The Martian opens exactly 2 years after Gravity, which is hardly a coincidence given the similarity in source material and marketing. The Martian doesn't seem quite as immediately interesting or cinematic, but should still wind up with a solid opening. It's also important to remember that even if it gets off to a slow start, it will likely only make a quarter if not less of its total gross this weekend.
The Walk stars Joseph Gordon Levitt in the based-on-a-true-story flick about a man tight rope walking across the Twin Towers. The film opened in certain Large Format Theaters and IMAX 3D (for a total of 448 theaters) but made just $240,000. That's a very weak start given how it seemed like it needed to be seen in those larger theaters. This does not bode well for the thriller, which will likely open to under $3M this weekend.
Attack on Titan: Part One opened in 264 theaters yet managed to Crack the top 10 with a solid $260,000. Given that most theaters were only showing it once a day, and it was on a weekday and it has received very weak early reactions, this is an interesting start. It's only playing two other days this week followed by its successor in just a few weeks, and is certainly an interesting release. There's really nothing to compare this to, but cracking the top 1 for such a niche film is undoubtedly impressive.
Highly anticipated art house thriller Sicario finally opens after two weeks in strong limited release. Clearly there is intense interest in the film, but whether or not that will translate to a solid wide debut is yet to be seen. However, it seems generally accessible enough to reach $10M this weekend.
Predictions
1. The Martian – $42.5M
2. Hotel Transylvania 2 – $28.5M
3. Sicario – $13.5M
4. The Intern – $10.5M
5. Black Mass – $8.5M
The Walk – $1.8M
The Bottom Line
With we'll execute marketing and widespread appeal, The Martian should be topping $40M this weekend. The Walk should do at least $5M by Sunday, since Everest was able to do $7M in a weekend. Sicario</strong, is in fine shape at $10M.
Advertisements
Look, I am not — nor will I ever be — #TeamSnape, but even I am a little bit emotionally compromised by this. Tumblr user tomhiddles, who is clearly a more faithful Potterhead than all of us combined, has revealed the true meaning behind Snape's first words to Harry in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. You're going to want to grab your emotions and hold on tight. It turns out that what we all thought was a throwaway line, meant only to set up Snape as the Big Mean Jerk of the series, was actually a thick veil obscuring more angst than even fifth-book Harry. Here is what tomhiddles figured out:
The first thing Snape asks Harry is “Potter! What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?” According to Victorian Flower Language, asphodel is a type of lily meaning ‘My regrets follow you to the grave' and wormwood means ‘absence' and also typically symbolized bitter sorrow. If you combined that, it meant ‘I bitterly regret Lily's death'.
SHUT. THE. FRONT. DOOR.
If you look at the research behind tomhiddles' logic, it's quite sound. In Greek mythology, asphodel was deeply associated with death and graves, notably as it was part of the crown which Persephone (wife of Hades, ruler of the underworld) wore on her head. It's a little hard not to picture Lily as Persephone and Snape as Hades in the narrative he had no doubt imagined them in, even when he knew that a mutual love between them was impossible.
What makes it even eerier, though, is that asphodel was once thought to be a cure for snake bites — and as we all know, Lily sacrificed herself for her son, preventing his death at the hands of a wizard heavily associated with snakes.
And wormwood, as it turns out, isn't just associated with absence — it's also associated with the moon and lunar deities, particularly Artemis. It just so happens that another strong association with Artemis is (drumroll, please) ... a deer. As you will well remember, the doe is Lily's Patronus, and the very same one that Snape shares with her.
Is it possible this was all coincidental? Absolutely. The ingredients were called for the creation of Draught of the Living Death, a potion which can make someone look dead when they aren't (check it, Romeo and Juliet), and both plants were heavily associated with "death" properties. But knowing J.K. Rowling and her scarily perfect brain, I've got a feeling that this was in the cards from book one.
So the next time you're minding your own business, with your emotions in check, and happen to see this:
Just know that Snape's really like this all on the inside:
WHOMP. Props to tomhiddles for emotionally destroying whatever was left of us after Fred's death!
Images: Giphy; tomhiddles/Tumblr(2); Warner Bros
The Malaysian government has been put under the international media spotlight again for the manner in which it handled a chaotic situation yesterday, during the daily press briefing on the missing MAS Flight MH370.
Some foreign journalists were surprised by the situation and they had no clue as to why the Malaysian authorities stopped the Chinese relatives of those on board the plane from speaking to the press.
Denmark's TV2 correspondent Benjamin Kurstein said it was “very unfortunate” of the Malaysian authorities to handle the situation in the way they did.
“These people were clearly frustrated and they came here to expressed their frustration... I saw them being removed from the conference room.
“No matter whether this was to protect them, or it was to stop them from talking to the press, it is going to reflect very badly on Malaysia,” Kurstein told Malaysiakini yesterday evening.
Recalling what he had seen yesterday, he added, “There was almost fighting between the police and journalists.”
He believes there are better ways to handle a situation such as this.
“It is not for me to say how they should handle this, but I am pretty positive that the way they handled this situation was not smart,” said Kurstein, who is in Kuala Lumpur to cover the on-going missing Flight MH370 issue.
As to whether this incident went against press freedom, he reserved his comment. But Kurstein questioned why the Malaysian government did not allow the Chinese relatives to talk to the press.
“No matter what, it is important not to forget that this is a tragic story, especially for those who came here and are frustrated with the lack of information.
“It is the biggest tragedy in their life. We should not forget these are the traumatised people and I think they will be even more traumatised after witnessing a situation like this,” he said.
BBC video goes viral
Another journalist, Tom McRae from New Zealand's 3 News, said the Malaysian authorities should not have stopped the Chinese relatives if they wanted to speak to the press.
“(During the first commotion,) a number of police came and tried to stop them from talking or tried to get them out.
“The situation was like they are dragging and carrying the family members away. And one Chinese woman was actually screaming,” McRae recalled.
McRae said he had no clue as to why the Malaysia authorities handled the situation like this “unless they are withholding some sort of information”.
Chaos broke out at the auditorium used by the authorities for the daily press briefings on Flight MH370 yesterday evening, after a group of Chinese nationals barged in to speak to reporters.
Another round of commotion erupted when the families were escorted out of the media secretariat office under heavy police guard about 5.40pm.
Journalists were also manhandled and pushed away when they tried to approach the Chinese nationals as they were being taken to an upper floor.
A news clip uploaded by BBC, in which its journalist asked the police to explain the situation, went viral on cyberworld.
Commenting on this, Defence Minister and Acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein tweeted yesterday that he has ordered an immediate inquiry into the events in the press room.
Hishammuddin said he could empathise with what the families were going through and that one of the main priorities of the government was how to handle the families and their emotions.
Achieving energy self-sufficiency is an ambitious enough goal for an island community that's not sitting atop a giant oil or gas field or straddling...
Achieving energy self-sufficiency is an ambitious enough goal for an island community that's not sitting atop a giant oil or gas field or straddling the sunny equator. But leaders of the Isle of Wight's EcoIsland initiative are aiming for even more: they hope to eventually make the region a model for sustainable development around the world.
The latest partner to join in that effort is Toshiba Corporation, which plans to help support the project with a variety of “smart” technologies.
Located off the south coast of England, the Isle of Wight has a population of 142,000 in an area of 384 square kilometers. By 2020, residents hope to make the island the first region in the UK to be more than energy self-sufficient, with enough surplus power from a mix of wind, solar photovoltaic, tidal, geothermal and biomass sources to be able to export energy to the mainland.
The EcoIsland project will also aim to build a lower-cost, higher quality of life for residents, and explore an alternative transport system that mixes hydrogen, electric and fuel-cell vehicles.
Toshiba will work with EcoIsland and its partners to help bring those plans from concept to reality, and aims to assist with the integration of the island's renewable power resources into a smart-grid network.
“This is a project driven by imagination and the vision of achieving a sustainable future where people enjoy a high quality of life,” said Koji Iwama, president and CEO of Toshiba of Europe. “A project with the breadth of EcoIsland can provide a model for such a future.”
Toshiba is involved in smart community projects around the world, including Okinawa and Yokohama in Japan, New Mexico and Indianapolis in the United States, Rome and Genoa in Italy and Lyons in France. Earlier this year, the company also acquired the Swiss smart metering firm Landis+Gyr.
The EcoIsland Partnership Community Interest Company was established in 2011. It has the goal of using advanced technology to achieve a new socio-economic model in which local communities and businesses can build a sustainable infrastructure without depending on government action.
My Hero Academia: One's Justice coming west for PS4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC in 2018
My Hero Academia game adds more platforms outside Japan.
My Hero Academia: One's Justice will launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC via Steam in the Americas and Europe in 2018, Bandai Namco announced.
In Japan, My Hero Academia: One's Justice will launch for PlayStation 4 and Switch in 2018.
My Hero Academia: One's Justice is a battle action game featuring “massive stage destruction” on the ground and in the air by using walls and buildings around the stage through the use of superhuman powers called “Quirks.” Read up on everything we know about the game so far here.
Watch the debut trailer in English below. If you missed it this weekend, catch some gameplay footage here. View a set of screenshots at the gallery.
The symbol that would become synonymous with the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) was first brought to wide public attention on the Easter weekend of 1958 during a march from London to Aldermaston in Berkshire, the site of the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment. The demonstration–the first large-scale anti-nuclear march of its kind–was organized by the Direct Action Committee Against Nuclear War (DAC), one of several smaller groups in the U.K. that would go on to form CND. Some 500 symbols were held aloft by protesters as they walked the 52 miles from Trafalgar Square, which suggests that the organizers were aware of the need for both political and visual impact. The fact that, in the form of Gerald Holtom, they already had a professional designer and graduate of the Royal College of Art on board perhaps explains why the symbol achieved immediate success, as well as the swiftness with which it was officially adopted by CND a few months after the march. Holtom was a conscientious objector (during World War II he had worked on a Norfolk farm), and also an established designer. He had created designs as diverse as fabrics based on west African patterns from the late 1930s and a range incorporating photographs of plankton for the Festival of Britain in 1951.
According to Professor Andrew Rigby, writing in Peace News in 2002, Holtom was responsible for designing the banners and placards that were to be carried on the Aldermaston march. “He was convinced that it should have a symbol associated with it that would leave in the public mind a visual image signifying nuclear disarmament,” writes Rigby, “and which would also convey the theme that it was the responsibility of each and every individual to work to remove the threat of nuclear war.”
In a sense, Holtom's design did represent an individual in pursuit of the cause, albeit in an abstract way. The symbol showed the semaphore for the letters N (both flags held down and angled out from the body) and D (one flag pointing up, the other pointing down), standing for Nuclear Disarmament. But some years later in 1973, when Holtom wrote to Hugh Brock, editor of Peace News at the time of the formation of the DAC, the designer gave a different explanation of how he had created the symbol.
It could echo both the frustrations of the anti-nuclear campaign and a sense of optimism.
“At first he toyed with the idea of using the Christian cross as the dominant motif,” Rigby explains in his article, “but realized that ‘in Eastern eyes the Christian Cross was synonymous with crusading tyranny culminating in Belsen and Hiroshima and the manufacture and testing of the H-bomb.' He rejected the image of the dove, as it had been appropriated by “the Stalin regime…to bless and legitimize their H-bomb manufacture.'”
Holtom in fact decided to go for a much more personal approach, as he admitted to Brock. “I was in despair. Deep despair,” he wrote. “I drew myself: the representative of an individual in despair, with hands palm outstretched outwards and downwards in the manner of Goya's peasant before the firing squad. I formalized the drawing into a line and put a circle round it. It was ridiculous at first and such a puny thing.”
In Holtom's personal notes, reproduced by peace symbol historian Ken Kolsbun, the designer recalls then turning the design into a badge. “I made a drawing of it on a small piece of paper the size of a sixpence and pinned it on to the lapel of my jacket and forgot it,” he wrote. “In the evening I went to the post office. The girl behind the counter looked at me and said, ‘What is that badge you are wearing?' I looked down in some surprise and saw the ND symbol pinned on my lapel. I felt rather strange and uneasy wearing a badge. ‘Oh, that is the new peace symbol,' I said. ‘How interesting, are there many of them?' ‘No, only one, but I expect there will be quite a lot before long.'”
In fact, the first official series of badges made by Eric Austin of the Kensington CND branch were made of white clay with the symbol formed from black paint. According to CND, these were in themselves a symbolic gesture as they were distributed “with a note explaining that in the event of a nuclear war, these fired pottery badges would be among the few human artifacts to survive the nuclear inferno.”
Most people know that Mark Twain wrote about Jim and Huckleberry Finn navigating down the Mississippi. Less well known is that he occasionally dabbled in the burgeoning genre of science fiction. His 1898 short story “The Great Dark” is about a ship that sails across a drop of water on a microscope slide. His novel Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is one of the first to explore time travel. And, in a short story called “From The 'London Times' in 1904,” Twain predicted the internet. In 1898. Read it here.
Set five years into the future, the story starts off as a crime mystery. Clayton, a quick-tempered army officer, is accused of murdering Szczepanik, the inventor of a new and promising device called the Telelectroscope. The tale's unnamed narrator describes it like this:
As soon as the Paris contract released the telelectroscope, it was delivered to public use, and was soon connected with the telephonic systems of the whole world. The improved 'limitless-distance' telephone was presently introduced and the daily doings of the globe made visible to everybody, and audibly discussable too, by witnesses separated by any number of leagues.
That sounds a lot like social media. Mark Twain dreamed up Twitter and Youtube during the Grover Cleveland administration.
Facing the hangman's noose, Clayton asks for, and receives, a telelectroscope for his cell. As the narrator describes Clayton's telelectroscopic revelry, it sounds uncannily like a bored cubicle dweller surfing the web at work.
…day by day, and night by night, he called up one corner of the globe after another, and looked upon its life, and studied its strange sights, and spoke with its people, and realized that by grace of this marvelous instrument he was almost as free as the birds of the air, although a prisoner under locks and bars. He seldom spoke, and I never interrupted him when he was absorbed in this amusement. I sat in his parlor and read, and smoked, and the nights were very quiet and reposefully sociable, and I found them pleasant. Now and then I would hear him say 'Give me Yedo;' next, 'Give me Hong-Kong;' next, 'Give me Melbourne.' And I smoked on, and read in comfort, while he wandered about the remote underworld, where the sun was shining in the sky, and the people were at their daily work.
The story itself is an admittedly minor work by the master of American fiction. In its last third, the story abruptly turns into a surprisingly sour satire about the sad state of our legal system. As Clayton is getting marched to the gallows, the narrator spots the guy Clayton supposedly murdered on the telelectroscope screen, standing in a crowd for the coronation of the new “Czar” of China. Even though no crime took place, Clayton is still sentenced to hang.
“From The 'London Times' in 1904” contains two long-running themes in Twain's work and life. One is the absurdity of the courts – see, for example "The Facts in the Great Landslide Case."
And the other is a fascination with technology. In spite of his folksy image, he was, as they say now, an early adopter. He was the first in his neighborhood to get a telephone. He may or may not have been the first major author to use a typewriter to write a novel. He lost his shirt investing in a Victorian-era start up hawking an exceedingly complex printing press called the Paige Compositor. And he allowed himself to be filmed by Thomas Edison in 1909, a year before his death.
One wonders what he would have thought of his telelectroscope in action.
Note: The character Szczepanik mentioned above was clearly named after a Polish inventor, Jan Szczepanik, who talked about creating a "telectroscope," in the late 19th century. However, if you read a report in The New York Times in 1898, it becomes apparent that Szczepanik's "telectroscope" wasn't as visionary as what Twain had in mind.
via Cracked/TheTyee
Related Content:
Mark Twain Wrote the First Book Ever Written With a Typewriter
Mark Twain Shirtless in 1883 Photo
Mark Twain Captured on Film by Thomas Edison in 1909. It's the Only Known Footage of the Author.
Jonathan Crow is a Los Angeles-based writer and filmmaker whose work has appeared in Yahoo!, The Hollywood Reporter, and other publications. You can follow him at @jonccrow. And check out his blog Veeptopus, featuring lots of pictures of vice presidents with octopuses on their heads. The Veeptopus store is here.
There was wild weather across Nova Scotia overnight Thursday and into Friday morning. A mix of snow, ice pellets, freezing rain and in some cases, drizzle, brought accumulations about five centimetres or fewer, and up to 30 in some areas.
And the messy winter weather isn't over yet. Another system destined to hit the province early next week is brewing.
Some of the higher accumulations noted by volunteers:
Bridgetown 30.5 cm
Port Maitland 27.9 cm
Wedgeport 27.9 cm
Tusket 27.7 cm
Rawdon Gold Mines 26.4 cm
And on the lower end:
Jimtown 2.3 cm
Centrelea 3.8 cm
Spanish Ship Bay 5.1 cm
Hammond Plains 6.9 cm
St. Anns 7.6 cm
Peak winds were recorded in:
Brier Island 115 km/h
Beaver Island 107 km/h
Grand Etang 95 km/h
Yarmouth 93 km/h
North Mountain 89 km/h
Now that we're through one storm, we're barrelling into the next. A low-pressure system developing on the lee side of the Rockies in Colorado will gather over the midwestern United States on Saturday night.
A number of vehicles had to be pulled from ditches along Highway 104 early Friday morning after a nor'easter barrelled through Nova Scotia. (Craig Paisley/CBC)
From there, it will meet up with a weaker system moving over the Great Lakes. That combined system will move toward Cape Cod where it will rapidly strengthen late Sunday. It will then move slowly south of Nova Scotia throughout Monday into Tuesday morning.
What can we expect?
The Maritimes will remain on the colder, snowy side of the system. A mixture of ice pellets and freezing rain isn't out of the question though.
The storm will be of a longer duration (24 to 36 hours) because of its slow speed. It begins late Sunday night and continues through Monday and probably Tuesday morning.
Southern N.B., P.E.I., and mainland N.S., could see up to 30 centimetres of snow or more.
The snowfall will be accompanied by high, gusty winds.
The storm system is complex and forecast models may not be terribly accurate at this point. Changes in track, timing and speed will significantly impact snowfall amounts. Be prepared for forecast changes.
Here are some recommendations though:
Amanda Jakob Joy Justin Mario Mark Mary Pato Rebekah Reuben Sergio Shenoah Sterling Wes Will Wes Naman applies tape to Amy Macdonald before her scotch tape portrait shoot. Joy Godfrey helps Ben Wood get all the tape out of his beard and hair after his portrait. Amanda Stang mugs for the camera during her scotch tape shoot. Amanda Stang laughs and screams at the same time as Wes Naman removes tape from her hair after the shoot.
Last Christmas, photographer Wes Naman and his assistant Joy Godfrey were wrapping presents in Naman's photo studio when Godfrey randomly put a piece of scotch tape on her nose and pulled it into an awkward position. Naman followed suit by applying the tape to his lips.
Seeing the silliness contained in a simple household item turned a light on in Naman's head. Fast-forward one year and the idea has blossomed into a project he calls Scotch Tape, in which he uses this pliable plastic to completely cover and distort people into zombie-like caricatures of themselves.
"I thought it would just be a fun side project but as it started to progress people really started to get into character and go over the top," says Naman, who is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Last week Wired got the chance to watch several models as they went through the transformation into something out of Men in Black. It only takes about 10 minutes to apply the tape and Naman says that over time he's found some reliable techniques to wrangle the absurd out of people.
There's still a lot of bending of noses and lips, but Naman also likes to accentuate people's eyes by stretching their eyebrows. People with jowly cheeks or beards get their skin and hair squeezed between strips of tape.
In front of the camera models are encouraged to work it by smiling and posing, but often times the best shots come when Naman has them try to tear the tape off using only their face muscles. Most of what you see in the final pictures is straight out of the camera, but sometimes certain features are accentuated slightly with the liquify tool in Photoshop.
Commercial photographer by day, Naman says these side projects are a way to keep photography fun. Instead of just running around shooting other people's work and ideas, pieces like Scotch Tape let him air it out.
Naman's got a list of over 250 creative ideas that sit on his iPhone and the list grows any time he comes across a piece of inspiration – a spot of lighting in a movie or a song lyric he hears while driving his car. One of his still-unrealized ideas came from a candid Facebook photo of a girl accidentally running into a glass door with a milkshake in her hand. Last year during Valentine's Day he got to follow through with a percolating idea when he covered models from head to toe with white paint and then accentuated pieces of their face or costumes with red.
"What I'm ultimately aiming for with my work is to create a catalyst to help people see the world a little differently," he says.
One of the perks of being creative for creativity's sake is that sometimes the projects take on a life of their own. Before Naman had even finished the Scotch Tape series he was already in talks with a local Albuquerque add agency that saw the photos and wanted to possibly pitch them for a corporate campaign. Some of the ideas tossed around include selling the series to an office supply store or maybe a plastic surgery office with a slogan that might go something like, "You can trust those guys or you can come here."
"Deep down it's always nice when people have a strong reaction to my images," Naman says. "I've had fun with this series but I've gotten it out of my system and I'm ready to move onto the next one. And there is no telling what that will be."
PREV NEXT Order Prints
An ad-hoc coalition of Democrats, third-party and independent voters and activists is advertising for a citizens candidate for New Yorks 21st Congressional District on the Internet classified advertising site Craigslist, hoping to attract a viable candidate who is, in the words of the group, an economic populist.
Were looking for somebody who will be interested in using the tools and resources of the government and public policy to help ordinary working class, middle class and disadvantaged Americans move up the economic ladder, said Fred Balzac, one of the members of the coalition.
The group is composed of public-interest advocates, labor activists and college students as well as members of the Democratic, Working Families and Green parties and independent voters from across the district, Mr. Balzac said.
The advertisements seek a candidate with the demonstrated ability and commitment to represent the 99 percent of Americans who cant buy political influence, and not be beholden to Wall Street and the richest 1 percent, according to a news release from the coalition.
According to the release, applicants are expected to be committed to:
n Ending economic inequality.
n Protecting and expanding Social Security.
n Ensuring that corporations and the rich pay a fair share of taxes.
n Getting the corruption of money out of politics.
Advertisements have been posted on the Albany, Glens Falls, Plattsburgh, Potsdam and Watertown Craigslist sites.
I think its really about having a more open process to find candidates for Congress, Mr. Balzac said.
The group lists Sens. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Pope Francis as role models for the kind of economic populist candidate it seeks.
Mr. Balzac said that there is a fair number of progressives in the 21st District and that the popular wisdom that the voters of the area are seeking a moderate Democratic candidate may be ill-founded.
Mr. Balzac said the group also wants to see an end to what he characterized as the increasingly harmful role that money plays in politics.
Instead of supporting a candidate who has a lot of money or can raise of a lot of money, Its the idea of Why not an ordinary citizen? Mr. Balzac said.
The Watertown advertisement can be viewed at http://wdt.me/oft2xZ
According to the advertisement, candidates should live in the district or be willing to relocate and be at least 25 years old  the minimum age to hold office in the House of Representatives.
The coalition was asking that resumes be sent by Feb. 8.
Roux, an adorable little two-legged kitty adopted by Jackie Deak Akey in Louisiana, has become an Instagram sensation (more than 54.8k followers) due to her playful and inspiring nature. Despite her congenital deformity, this spunky one-year-old hops about and loves to play just like any other cat!
Akey, who works at a veterinary clinic in New Orleans, learned of Roux (full name Lil' Bunny Sue Roux Hendrickson Dean Akey) from an animal shelter who said that she had been surrendered to them because her deformity rendered her unable to bury her waste in her litter box. Read on for more of her story!
More info: Instagram (h/t: meowbox)
Roux was born with two legs
She was given up because she was unable to bury her waste in her litter box
Luckily, vet clinic worker Jackie Deak Akey adopted her as soon as she saw her
She's often called a “bunny-cat” because of her hopping
Roux with her “cousin” bunny named Kangaroo
Besides her congenital defects, she's otherwise healthy
She's figured out her own way of doing everything that she needs to do
Her legs get a big workout every day
She can run surprisingly fast and even jump on the sofa!
Roux will need back and leg checkups from the vet when she grows older
For now, though, there's nothing to worry about!
Update: She just celebrated her second birthday!
The author. Photo by Megan Koester
One of the many consequences of being so public about my love life is the high amount of unsolicited dating advice I get from friends, acquaintances, strangers, and even some men who've been inside me. Some of the advice is downright infuriating, like when people urge me to "settle" for someone I clearly have no chemistry with simply because they like me. However, the piece of advice that's offered the most is that I should just stop trying. It's been the plot of countless romantic comedies, and many of my friends in loving relationships tell me it happened to them. We found each other when we weren't looking.
My love life is full of trying. I am on multiple dating apps, perpetually on blind dates, and go out multiple nights a week in the hopes of maybe talking to a stranger who won't murder me. And yet I have not managed to date anyone for longer than a few months (if that). Even worse, we live in an age where a young woman admitting she would like to be in love is viewed as corny and tragic. Well, I'm sick of playing it cool. I want the schmaltzy romance that's been rammed down my throat by movies, TV, and books since I was old enough to process information.
So I decided to put myself on a man-fast. One entire month of no internet dating, no one-night stands, no romantic encounters of any kind unless it's with someone who genuinely seems interested in marrying me, giving me babies, and sticking around to stroke my hair while I finally succumb to aging-associated diseases. Here's how it went.
Week One
First thing I had to do was delete the apps I was on: Tinder, Bumble (preppy Tinder), Happn (beta Tinder), Feeld (threesome Tinder), and OkCupid (original Tinder). All gone. Second step was deleting the phone numbers of the men I have on call in case of a horniness emergency. After going through my phone and getting rid of them, the third and final step was to delete the phone number of a skateboarder I've been crushing on for months who may or may not have a girlfriend. This cleansing felt just like how I feel after an STI check comes back negative: I'm a virgin again! I was now a blank slate wiped clean of the dick from my past and ready for my man-fast.
This first week was extremely uneventful. Nothing happened that could constitute a meet cute, which I don't think I've ever actually experienced. The closest thing I've had in the past is when a guy I matched with was at the same coffee shop as me, then messaged me after I left to let me know he saw me. We had sex that night, and he moved to Argentina the next day. We haven't spoken since.
Being away from the apps made me realize how much of my life is dedicated to swiping. I thought I wasn't doing it that much, but the reality is I just made the act of swiping such a regular part of my daily routine that it stopped feeling like it was a lot. Is that sad? Don't answer that. I think I know the answer.
Week Two
Thinking that I should probably put some effort into manifesting the meet cute of my dreams, I decided to put more thought into my daytime appearance. Daytime me is typically a lot less put together than nighttime me, who is usually trying to get laid. My typical daytime outfit is leggings or jeans and an oversize T-shirt. I almost never wear makeup, or even brush my hair. That changed this week.
Every morning of this week, I put thought into my outfits. I worked some foundation into my face, brushed my hair, and almost exclusively wore dresses, tapping into the most cliché image of femininity possible. I switched up my routine, too, finding new places to write and get a cup of coffee, as well as new shops to run errands at.
Again, nothing happened.
Well, one thing did happen. At night. I went out for some drinks with a friend and happened to meet someone I have mutual friends with. He's older than me, a heavily tattooed single dad who lives alone and wreaks of emotional unavailability. After flirting for some time, it was pretty obvious we wanted to fuck—but I stopped myself from giving in to the temptation knowing full well it would be a fuck for a fuck's sake and nothing else. Any other month, that wouldn't be an issue for me at all, but this was my man-fast month, and I had to stick to it.
We did exchange numbers, though. I secretly hoped we could engage in some light flirting, which I admit I kind of felt like I needed in order to get me through the rest of the month. I figured, if he initiates it then I could go along with it.
Predictably, he never initiated anything. Do I really have to do all the work here?
Week Three
I'll be honest. I really dropped the ball this week. I drunkenly redownloaded Tinder and messaged the skateboarder whose number I'd previously deleted. Luckily, all I said in my drunken state was "hey," which, obviously, he didn't respond to for 12 hours. I didn't keep the conversation going with him and didn't initiate any conversation with my new Tinder matches. The man-fast was still on.
I went back to being unkempt daytime me, realizing that putting effort into my outward appearance was a form of trying and was too outside of my character.
I did go out drinking again this week and was surprised to find myself being hit on once more. This time by a 23-year-old Dodger fan wearing a bandana and talking to me about his startup. He was not even close to being my type. Normally, I would end the conversation as quickly as possible and call it a night. However, thinking back to the rom-coms in my memory bank, I figured this could potentially play out as one of those opposites attract scenarios where I become the manic pixie dream girl who introduces him to the world of art and punk rock while he teaches me about the value of saving money and caring about my future. Nothing about our love makes sense, yet, somehow... it works.
I decided to go ahead and give him my number. Which is when I realized there really might be something to not putting any effort into dating. I'd been approached twice during my experiment, which hadn't happened to me for quite some time before the man-fast.
The rest of the week went by. He never texted. Before this man-fast, I would have eventually just sent the first text. However, purposely making myself not do so had put my love life into perspective. Like damn, I really do put effort into bringing men into my life. Men who are most likely not that interested in me. At least, not enough to really make some moves.
Week Four
Alright, I'll be honest. I fucked the single dad. It was all me, too. I made it happen. In my defense, I hadn't had sex in several months, and the man-fast served as a constant reminder of that. I didn't have the distractions I normally have like dates and light internet flirting. My horny levels were reaching a tipping point, my vibrator lost half its original strength (I keep forgetting to buy new batteries), and I just needed some dick.
I'd also thought to myself that maybe, just maybe, I was wrong about this guy being emotionally unavailable. Maybe this could actually be the start of a relationship. But then the night we hooked up, we got to talking about exes and past loves. He mentioned a woman he recently got dumped by, whom he would get back into a relationship with immediately if she texted him. So, yeah. My initial assessment was right. It was a pretty good fuck, though.
To conclude: I guess technically this man-fast was unsuccessful (on account of me not actually abstaining from men), but I'm still taking away some valuable lessons from it.
I know now that I should continue going down this path of not trying so hard, but will also keep my Tinder account active, putting me at a much happier medium. If something happens, great. If it doesn't, that's fine, too. As much as I'd like to have the barf-bag love I see in movies, I can't keep trying to force it to happen with men who are not worthy of my time or attention. None of us should.
Follow Alison Stevenson on Twitter.
We know that it's been a tough 15 days since Donald Trump was sworn into office.
But for many families and communities across the country and around the world, life was not very good under Obama, or Bush before him or Clinton before him. Do you see a pattern here?
While it is understandable that people are upset by the policies put forth by the Trump administration, and they should be, the real target needs to be both plutocratic parties that have brought us to this point.
We are Green because we recognize that the neo-nationalism of Trump was made possible by the neo-liberalism of the Democrats.
It is the growing wealth inequality, wars without end, families unable to access health care and the accelerating climate crisis that created widespread insecurity. It is the attacks on immigrant and Muslim communities that fueled hatred and fear in this insecure environment.
Greens are activists. This past week, the Green Party members from Minnesota, Denver, Portland, Baltimore and more participated in airport protests.
International Greens have taken to the streets, too. The Green Party of Ireland demonstrated against the Muslim Ban in front of the U.S. Embassy. The Green Party of Germany is calling for a ban on Donald Trump traveling to Germany as a guest of Angela Merkel in July.
But we know that protests, while necessary, are not sufficient to achieve the transformative change we need.
President Obama chose the same seven predominantly Muslim countries and restricted their visas. The Obama administration dropped more than 26,000 bombs on these countries in one year and then rejected people fleeing this violence. Trump is building on Obama's legacy.
It's time for us to stop playing ping pong politics with the two plutocratic parties. We will not end Wall Street-ism and war by going back and forth between Democrats and Republicans.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Barack Obama's budget plan would increase taxes by $1 trillion over the next decade, including a new tax on cigarettes and familiar proposals to increases taxes on the wealthy and some corporations.
The president said his plan includes $580 billion in tax increases to help reduce government borrowing. But the tax hikes don't stop there. Obama's budget proposal would also impose an additional $400 billion in tax increases. Much of it would be used to pay for more spending.
Obama's proposal would increase the federal tax on cigarettes from $1.01 a pack to $1.95. The new cigarette tax would raise an estimated $78 billion over the next decade to pay for pre-school programs for children.
Obama says his tax plan is part of a balanced approach to deficit reduction that includes painful cuts to benefit programs like Social Security and Medicare. Most GOP lawmakers adamantly oppose new taxes, which means his plan has little chance of passing Congress.
Obama already got Congress to increase taxes by $600 billion in January. His budget would add to those tax hikes.
"To be clear, the package I am offering includes some difficult cuts that I do not particularly like," Obama says in his budget message. "But these measures will only become law if congressional Republicans agree to meet me in the middle by eliminating special tax breaks and loopholes so millionaires and billionaires do their fair share to cut the deficit."
In his budget, Obama calls for an overhaul of the nation's tax laws that would cut tax rates and simplify the system while generating additional revenue to help reduce government borrowing. The plan, however, provides few details on how the rate cuts would be financed.
There is a growing movement in Congress to do tax reform but there is much disagreement over whether it should result in higher overall tax receipts. Many Democrats, including Obama, want to use tax reform to raise taxes. Most Republicans oppose higher taxes.
Obama's budget would create a fund of about $100 billion that would be used to finance lower corporate tax rates. The fund, however, is more symbolic than substantive because $100 billion would only cover the cost of lowering the corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 34 percent.
Obama has said his goal is a corporate income tax rate of 28 percent.
Obama's proposed tax increase on cigarettes is popular among health care advocates who believe it provides the additional benefit of encouraging smokers to cut back or quit. In addition to the direct revenue from the tax, the Congressional Budget Office analysis concluded that health improvements related to less smoking would save the government about $1 billion over 10 years and generate additional revenue of $3 billion because of a boost in earnings from healthier workers.
The tobacco industry promptly criticized the proposal.
"The idea of increasing taxes on low- to middle-income Americans at this time is ludicrous," said Bryan Hatchell, a spokesman for Reynolds American Inc., the nation's second-biggest tobacco company. "As middle-income Americans struggle to make ends meet in a very slow economic recovery period, this is not the time to hit them with higher taxes."
The biggest tax increase in Obama's budget would limit the value of itemized deductions for wealthy families. The limits would apply to all itemized deductions, including those for mortgage interest, charitable contributions and state and local taxes. They would also apply to tax-exempt interest, employer-sponsored health insurance and income exclusions for employee retirement contributions.
The proposal would raise $529 billion over the next decade.
Charitable groups have already mounted a lobbying campaign to oppose the limits because they are worried they would discourage wealthy people from donating. Obama has made similar proposals in previous budgets and received lukewarm responses from fellow Democrats. Most Republicans oppose it.
Among the other tax changes, Obama's budget would:
— Impose the "Buffett Rule," named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, an Obama supporter who favors higher taxes. The rules say people making more than $1 million must pay at least 30 percent of their income in federal taxes. The rule would raise $53 billion over the next decade.
Update: Sony PR has confirmed the stations that have been added to PlayStation Vue.
Cord Cutters News is receiving reports from readers that PlayStation Vue has added CBS live stream in new markets. The reports from our readers suggest that the CBS stations being added are c urrently stations owned by Raycom Media , that owns just a few CBS affiliates like the one in Cleveland, OH. (Update: it seems other CBS affilate stations are being added to PlayStation Vue but not all.)
For now it seems that markets with just a live CBS stream is still just $29.99/month. Markets with local channels are typically $39.99/month.
Here are the Markets that have added CBS:
· Austin-KEYE
· Charlotte-WBTV
· Cincinnati-WKRC
· Cleveland-CBS9
· Grand Rapids-Newschannel3
· Harrisburg-CBS21
· Salt Lake City-KUTV2
· San Diego-CBS8
· West Palm Beach-CBS12
Has CBS been added in your market? If so please post a comment here with the station ID and town.
Fire TV
We can confirm that PlayStation Vue's Fire TV updated yesterday and now supports 60 FPS.
PlayStation Vue Packages:
Access : 55+ channels, including live cable TV, movies and sports channels for $29.99 per month ($39.99 in cities with major live local broadcast stations*).
: 55+ channels, including live cable TV, movies and sports channels for $29.99 per month ($39.99 in cities with major live local broadcast stations*). Core : 70+ channels, including all the channels from Access with the addition of live national and regional sports networks for $34.99 per month ($44.99 in cities with major live local broadcast stations*).
: 70+ channels, including all the channels from Access with the addition of live national and regional sports networks for $34.99 per month ($44.99 in cities with major live local broadcast stations*). Elite: 100+ channels, featuring all the channels from Core with the addition of top movie and entertainment channels for $44.99 per month ($54.99 in cities with major live local broadcast stations*).
PlayStation Vue is available on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Google Chromecast, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, and Fire TV Stick on your TV. Vue is also available on iPad/iPhone through the PlayStation Vue mobile app and now Android phones and tablets.
This is just the latest in what is turning into a back and forth fight between PlayStation Vue and Sling TV. Both services seem dedicated to trying to one up the other with very different approaches to how a streaming service like this should work.
Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter for more news, tips, and reviews.
Need cord cutting tech support? Join our new Cord Cutting Tech Support Facebook Group for help.
Free agent right-hander Jason Hammel is leaving Octagon and will likely join ACES, major league sources told FOX Sports' Ken Rosenthal.
Hammel's agency switch comes at a time when he's clearly among the best starters remaining on the open market. The 34-year-old became available Nov. 6, when the World Series champion Cubs surprisingly declined his $12MM option for 2017 in favor of a $2MM buyout. Hammel surely would have had value as a trade chip, but Cubs president of baseball operations Theo Epstein decided to give the 11-year veteran a chance to cash in as a free agent.
Hammel has had two stints with the Cubs, the first of which lasted for part of the 2014 season and ended when they traded him and fellow righty Jeff Samardzija to the Athletics that July in exchange for shortstop Addison Russell, who's now a franchise cornerstone. Hammel, who was also previously with the Rays, Rockies and Orioles, then rejoined the Cubs the next winter on a three-year, $30MM pact. Thanks to Chicago's decision to buy him out, Hammel ultimately collected $20MM of that sum.
Over the past three seasons, including his short stint in Oakland, Hammel has recorded a 3.68 ERA, 8.3 K/9, 2.4 BB/9 and 40 percent ground-ball rate over 513 2/3 innings. Hammel logged a 3.83 ERA with 7.78 K/9, 2.86 BB/9 and a 42.1 grounder mark in 166 2/3 frames in 2016. He also posted a double-digit swinging-strike rate (10.2 percent) for the second straight year and maintained his typical velocity. However, late-season elbow tightness helped lead the Cubs to keep Hammel off their roster for all three of their playoff series.
There are no indications that Hammel's elbow will be an issue going forward, though, and several teams have shown interest in him this offseason. MLBTR's Tim Dierkes predicts a three-year, $42MM deal for the potential ACES client. MLBTR will include Hammel's defection from Octagon in its Agency Database, which contains agent information on more than 2,500 major leagues and minor league players. If you see any notable errors or omissions, please let us know via email: mlbtrdatabase@gmail.com.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Investigators have cleared the scene and traffic is once again flowing in the area of a downtown Vancouver building where six people experienced nausea after a suspicious envelope was discovered earlier Friday.
Vancouver Fire and Rescue tweeted that crews had left the scene and returned to quarters, and that the envelope was to be handed over to Health Canada for testing, though hazmat crews had found no evidence of dangerous materials in the envelope.
The envelope in question from Hazmat on Burrard Street will be in Health Canada's control for further testing. — Vancouver Fire (@VanFireRescue) March 13, 2015
Six people were earlier quarantined and assessed by paramedics after exhibiting symptoms of nausea.
The suspicious package was found on the 25th floor of a building on Burrard Street.
Hazmat teams arrived on scene at around 11 a.m. in response to reports of a package emitting a “strange smell.”
Earlier, Capt. Carol Messenger of Vancouver Fire and Rescue said police had shut down the street for an investigation that was expected to take several hours. However, Messenger said police did not believe there was a threat to people in the area, rather the streets were blocked off in order to give emergency response crews room to work.
"That was more for our fire crew's safety -- not to alarm or cause any sort of panic about something in the air. That was really for our safety and we want people to remain calm and stay where they are for the moment," Messenger said.
The building is located on Burrard Street, between Dunsmuir Street and Pender Street.
SACRAMENTO — A leader of a California Republican group may have inadvertently revived the controversial subject of rape and pregnancy.
Before arriving at the state GOP's spring convention here, Celeste Greig told this newspaper that pregnancies by rape are rare “because it's an act of violence, because the body is traumatized.”
Greig is the president of the conservative California Republican Assembly, the state's oldest and largest GOP volunteer organization. Ronald Reagan once called it “the conscience of the Republican Party.”
Ironically, Greig was in the midst of criticizing former Missouri U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin for saying that victims of “legitimate rape” rarely get pregnant because “the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.” It was a remark that many believe led not only to his defeat in November but also helped tarnish the Republican brand around the country.
“That was an insensitive remark,” Greig said. “I'm sure he regretted it. He should have come back and apologized.”
Greig, however, went on to say: “Granted, the percentage of pregnancies due to rape is small because it's an act of violence, because the body is traumatized. I don't know what percentage of pregnancies are due to the violence of rape. Because of the trauma the body goes through, I don't know what percentage of pregnancy results from the act.”
The issue drew a quick rebuke from Democrats, who said Greig's comments were no different than Akin's.
“If a woman is near-ovulating or ovulating, and sperm comes in direct contact, she gets pregnant — it doesn't matter what the nature of the act was,” said Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner, D-Berkeley. “It's just outrageous, beyond absurd. It's insulting. It's the same line of thinking of ‘If we just dress differently, or behave differently, we won't be raped.' They're basically saying ‘while we're being raped, if we hate it enough we won't get pregnant.'”
Most research on rape and pregnancy has shown roughly the same rates of pregnancy as pregnancies resulting from consensual sex. But one 2003 study from St. Lawrence University showed the rate at which women get pregnant after rape to be more than double that of a single act of consensual sex. The study used data from the United States National Violence Against Women survey.
With consensual sex, the authors theorized, women have the option of declining sex or using contraception when there is a high likelihood of getting pregnant because of their ovulation cycle.
The per-incident rape-pregnancy rate was 6.42 percent, according to the report, which was published in the journal Human Nature. Of women having consensual sex, the per-incident pregnancy rate was 3.1 percent.
Tom Del Beccaro, outgoing chairman of the California Republican Party, declined to discuss the issue Friday.
“It is not what we're going to discuss this weekend,” he said.
Contact Steven Harmon at 916-441-2101. Follow him at Twitter.com/ssharmon. Read the Political Blotter at IBAbuzz.com/politics.
For the 2014 Disney Channel original movie, see Zapped (2014 film)
Zapped! is a 1982 American sex comedy teen film directed by Robert J. Rosenthal and co-written with Bruce Rubin. The film stars Scott Baio as a high school student who acquires telekinetic powers.
Plot [ edit ]
At Ralph Waldo Emerson High School, bookish student Barney Springboro (Scott Baio) performs various scientific experiments on laboratory mice until his friend, yearbook photographer Peyton Nichols (Willie Aames), retrieves him for a class assembly. Peyton questions Barney's disinterest in finding a girlfriend as the students rally in preparation for an upcoming baseball game against a rival high school. Afterward, Peyton seduces one of the school administrators, Corinne Updike, and Barney returns to his experiments.
At the insistence of the pesky class president, Bernadette (Felice Schachter), Peyton promises to take photographs of Barney posing with the genetically modified orchids he has been growing for the school principal, Walter Coolidge. Barney drops the beaker containing the mice's feeding solution, producing a cloud of shimmery smoke that knocks him unconscious. Sometime later, he awakens and returns home, where his uptight mother chastises him for his tardiness and antisocial behavior. As she yells, Barney's bedroom door mysteriously slams shut. During English class the next day, Barney fantasizes about a popular but vain girl named Jane Mitchell (Heather Thomas). When the teacher calls on him unexpectedly, Barney furrows his brow, causing the map above the chalkboard to fall on her head.
That afternoon, Peyton asks Jane on a date, but she reminds him that she has a college-aged boyfriend. As Barney stares at Jane's chest, her cardigan bursts open, leaving everyone confused. In the lab, Barney experiments with his new telekinetic abilities by levitating various objects across the room, unaware of Bernadette and Peyton, who are watching through the window. When his friends confront him, however, Barney convinces them to keep his powers a secret. At home, Barney propels his model spaceship through the air, imagining the crew members inside have come alive. He then animates a ventriloquist dummy, which frightens Mrs. Springboro so much that she believes her son is possessed.
On the day of the big baseball game, Barney manipulates the ball and hits the winning home run. Meanwhile, Principal Coolidge attempts to break into Barney's lab to check the growth of his orchids, but cannot obtain the key. After Barney agrees to let Bernadette write a report about him for her older sister's college science journal, they notice Mrs. Burnhart sneak into his lab and uncover a pot of Peyton's marijuana hidden behind the orchids. She retrieves Principal Coolidge, but they return to discover the plants are missing. Baseball coach Dexter Jones finds Barney and Bernadette stuffing the plants in the incinerator, and the smoke causes him to become intoxicated: under the influence, he imagines riding a bicycle with Albert Einstein while being chased by his wife, who is dressed like a Viking warrior.
Over the weekend, Barney, Peyton, and Bernadette go to a pre-graduation celebration at an amusement park, during which Peyton challenges Jane's boyfriend, Robert Wolcott, to a beer-drinking contest. While on a spinning ride, Barney increases the speed of Robert's compartment, causing him to vomit and lose the bet. That night, Peyton brings Jane home and seduces her by pretending to act older and more mature. Meanwhile, Barney and Bernadette have dinner and talk about former crushes. The pair spend the next afternoon together in the park before returning to Barney's lab, where they make love.
At school on Monday, Jane admits that she regrets having sex with Peyton and returns to her boyfriend. Robert, however, invites Peyton to a casino-themed college fraternity party with the hopes of winning the money that he owes him for the drinking contest. Peyton begs Barney to attend so he can manipulate the roulette wheel, but Bernadette becomes angry that he would use his powers to gamble. Meanwhile, Mrs. Updike convinces Principal Coolidge to respond to a personal advertisement in the newspaper to meet a woman for a date.
At the restaurant, Principal Coolidge discovers that his date is Rose Burnhart, and the two finally succumb to their long-time attraction by having sex under the table. During the fraternity party, Barney attempts to manipulate the roulette ball, but causes a commotion among the guests when he accidentally levitates the entire wheel. When Bernadette refuses to answer his telephone calls, he spends the night in his laboratory drinking whiskey. Hung over the next morning, he apologizes to Bernadette and arranges to meet her at the prom that evening. Before he leaves for the dance, however, Mrs. Springboro hires two priests to perform an exorcism on her son, and Barney uses his ventriloquist dummy to chase them around the house so he can get away.
Peyton and Jane are crowned prom king and queen, and Jane rejects Peyton's continued advances. As Barney dances with Bernadette, Peyton ruins the moment by offering his friend airplane tickets to Las Vegas, Nevada, where they can continue gambling. When Robert confronts Peyton about the roulette game, Peyton apologizes and gives him a packet of nude photographs he took of Jane. Enraged, Robert attacks, and Barney uses telekinesis to summon a large gust of wind that tears off the students' clothes and sends everybody running outside. A wayward fire hose knocks Barney unconscious and he wakes up believing that he has lost his powers. However, while leaving the school, Barney grabs Bernadette by the waist and propels them through the night sky in a cloud of shimmery dust.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The film used several techniques to capture the feel of its high school setting for nostalgic fans. It was filmed largely at John Marshall High School in Los Angeles during the spring of 1981 with the students as extras. The storyline rarely leaves the high school. The students talk mostly about social life and college plans, while the prom is in the gym. The senior trip is to the local amusement park. Of the major stars, however, only Felice Schachter was still a high school student when the film was shot. In fact, she missed her own prom to shoot the prom sequence in the film.
The film used a body-double for Thomas' nude scenes,[3] as she refused to remove her own clothes; further controversy was generated when a complaint was filed by Thomas about a likeness of her head being pasted onto someone else's nude body.[4]
Music [ edit ]
The film's soundtrack was composed by Charles Fox and Miles Goodman as well as John M. Keane and Tom Keane of The Keane Brothers,[5] and featured performances by Joe "Bean" Esposito ("Updike's Theme") and David Pomeranz ("Got to Believe in Magic", "King and Queen of Hearts"), which were big hits in the Philippines.[citation needed]
Release [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
Zapped! was given a limited release on July 23, 1982, earning $823,548 in that weekend, ranking number 17 in the domestic box office.[6] On September 3, 1982, the film was released wide and made $3,012,431, ranking number 4 behind An Officer and a Gentleman's sixth weekend, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial's thirteenth, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High's fourth.[7] By the end of its run, Zapped! grossed $16,897,768.[2]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The film is regarded as a parody of Carrie but also includes spoofs of The Exorcist, Taxi Driver, Star Trek and the 1969 Kurt Russell film The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes.
The film has an overall approval rating of 7% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 15 reviews.[8]
Targeted towards teenage audiences,[9] Zapped! received generally negative reviews at the time of its release. The film was denounced by The New York Times' Vincent Canby, who said,
ZAPPED!, which opens today at Loews State and a number of other unfortunate theaters, is a half-baked, rather retarded parody of Carrie and a number of other films that, using the awesome power of their ignorance, drove telekinesis into the ground.[10]
The Leader-Post of Regina, Saskatchewan displayed similar contempt:
Picture a bad Walt Disney film—but with more exposed flesh than you'll see in all the Disney films put together—with bits and pieces scalped from box-office hits, and you've got a pretty good idea of what this movie is all about.[11]
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette suggested that "it's hard to believe the writers of Zapped!, an absolutely abominable movie ... are even old enough to hold a pen.[12] The Daily Courier added that it was "so puerile and uninspired that it makes Porky's seem like Ninotchka in comparison."[13] The Montreal Gazette said that there was "nothing innately hilarious about telekinesis, but that didn't stop the creative geniuses in Hollywood from seeing if they could pervert it into a smirky adolescent experience."[14] A review from the smaller Beaver County Times said, "it's enough to make [Baio's] young fans go Zzzzzz."[3] A review that was published in the Toledo Blade was only slightly less negative, stating that it "has its moments, but they tend not to hang around together."[15]
Baio remembered the film fondly:
Great movie. Loved it then. Love it today. I get more people asking about that movie than anything, no lie. And I had a ball making that. A cute, fun teen movie, and it made money. And it had Scatman Crothers! He was a good guy, and supposedly he smoked pot every day. That's what I was told, but I don't actually know. But I got to work with Willie [Aames], and it was a great experience ... Good people. Good crew. Good director. [16]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Aames was nominated by for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor at the 3rd Golden Raspberry Awards for his performance in Zapped!, as well as his performance in Paradise, but lost to Laurence Olivier in Inchon.
Home media [ edit ]
Zapped! was initially released on VHS, CED videodisc, and on LaserDisc by Embassy Pictures in 1983 and later reissued by MGM Home Entertainment on VHS. It was released on DVD on February 12, 2008. In June 2008, 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment issued it as a double feature with Making the Grade.
In popular culture [ edit ]
A notable edition of The Onion shows a tuxedoed Baio holding multiple Oscars, with the spoof headline "Zapped! Sweeps Oscars!"
Sequel [ edit ]
Despite initially negative reviews, Zapped! became a cult classic, selling heavily in videos. In 1990, it spawned a direct-to-video sequel, Zapped Again! (with only Sue Ane Langdon returning from the original cast).
Ceasefires gave way to violence in the Outer Damascus city of Zabadani and the Idlib countryside's Shiite-majority villages of al-Fuaa and Kafariya on Saturday after a second temporary truce between regime and rebel forces in the towns collapsed due to the failure of negotiations between Ahrar a-Sham rebels and an Iranian delegation in Turkey.
Talks between the same parties earlier this month failed after rebels refused Iranian conditions to evacuate encircled rebels from Zabadani.
However, information leaked by an Ahrar a-Sham source to Syria Direct's Ammar Hamou indicates that although Iranian negotiators agreed to rebel demands in the most recent round of talks, it was the Syrian regime's refusal to implement the agreement that led to the collapse of the ceasefire and caused “problems between Iranian negotiators and the regime.”
“It seems that Iran wants [to rescue] its sect in Kafariya and al-Fuaa, and the regime wants to abandon them.”
Q. Media sources have reported that negotiations were between Ahrar a-Sham and an Iranian delegation, not a delegation representing the Syrian regime. Is that true?
Yes, Ahrar a-Sham met with Iran to negotiate without their consulting the Bashar al-Assad regime or the leadership of its military operations.
Q. What were the points of the negotiations and why did the truce fail once again?
There are several points that it is not possible to mention, but one of them was Ahrar a-Sham's request that the regime release 1500 female detainees.
The Iranians approved our request, but the Syrian regime refused it, which led to the emergence of problems between Iranian negotiators and the regime.
It seems that Iran wants [to rescue] its sect in Kafariya and al-Fuaa, and the regime wants to abandon of them.
Q. How did the truce end?
After the regime refused to implement what we agreed upon with the Iranian delegation, it bombarded Zabadani, breaking the truce. In response, we targeted al-Fuaa.
President-elect Donald Trump called slain NYPD Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo's widow Thursday morning and personally extended his “condolences” to her on the day that thousands of police officers paid tribute to the fallen Finest at his funeral.
“I'm very sorry I cannot be there with you today. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during this difficult time,” Trump told the grieving woman, according to a source.
“I want to express my condolences from me and my family.”
Tuozzolo, a married father of two, was shot and killed last week by 35-year-old ex-con Manuel Rosales. Tuozzolo had been responding to a report of a break-in.
Thousands of cops gathered on Long Island on Thursday for Tuozzolo's funeral.
A line of officers extended for nearly a mile as a hearse carrying his flag-draped casket made its way to St. Charles & Resurrection Cemetery in East Farmingdale for his interment.
Friends and family described the 19-year veteran as a “family man” and “protector” who was willing to do anything he could to save lives.
Trump has been a vocal supporter of the NYPD, even mentioning them in his victory speech Tuesday night.
“Law enforcement in New York City. They are here tonight. They are spectacular people,” he said. “Sometimes underappreciated, unfortunately — but we appreciate them.”
Thousands of officers lined the streets of Long Island for an emotional goodbye:
Here's a look at Thursday's New Orleans Saints injury report for Week 9's road trip to take on the San Francisco 49ers. Four Saints did not practice.
Did Not Practice: Terron Armstead (knee), Dannell Ellerbe (quad), James Laurinaitis (quad), Daniel Lasco (hamstring)
Limited: Stephone Anthony (hamstring), Delvin Breaux (fibula), Jake Lampman (knee), Sterling Moore (abdomen), Max Unger (shoulder), Kenny Vaccaro (knee)
According to Joel Erickson of The Advocate, linebackers James Laurinaitis and Dannell Ellerbe, and left tackle Terron Armstead were all not spotted during the open portion of practice to the media.
Vaccaro (knee) did not at practice on Wednesday, but returned to action. You'd also be interested in seeing what Sheldon Rankins had to say about potentially playing his first career game this season against the 49ers.
Here's the 49ers report, which has running back Carlos Hyde once again limited with a shoulder injury.
Crocodiles, alligators and gharials are the modern members of a far grander, far more diverse clade of archosaurian reptiles termed Crocodylomorpha. It's gradually becoming better known that, in additional to including amphibious, long-skulled taxa like the living ones, the group encompasses an incredible array of terrestrial and semi-terrestrial omnivores, herbivores, carnivores and insectivores. Some had short, deep skulls and complex, heterodont teeth (various notosuchians), or leaf-shaped teeth (some sphenosuchians); others had deep, narrow skulls and laterally compressed blade-like teeth (various sebecosuchians); others had ridiculous, enormously long jaws and snouts and are termed 'duck-faced' crocodylomorphs (stomatosuchids and nettosuchine caimans). There were marine, flippered crocodylomorphs that had tail flukes (some thalattosuchians), and gigantic aquatic or amphibious kinds that must have looked like souped-up, super-sized versions of the gharials, alligators and crocodiles we're familiar with (some tethysuchians and extinct gavialoids and alligatoroids). [Images below by Smokeybjb and Dmitry Bogdanov.]
An issue that needs to be covered just about every time crocodylomorph diversity gets discussed is the terminology we use for the various relevant clades; it's confusing, and it's made all the more so by the fact that some workers are currently arguing that we should give up on the current consensus and change it again! No, BAD idea!
Ok... the clade that includes crocodiles, alligators and gharials and all of their extinct relatives is termed Crocodylomorpha. Crocodylomorpha is itself part of a more inclusive archosaur clade that includes the largely Triassic aetosaurs, rauisuchians and so on, variously termed Pseudosuchia or Crurotarsi depending on who you ask. Crocodylomorpha includes the archaic, long-legged sphenosuchians of the Triassic and Jurassic as well as the more ‘classically crocodilian' lineages grouped together as the Crocodyliformes (sphenosuchians are crocodyliform-like, but differ conspicuously from them in possessing a typical archosaurian pelvis where the pubis contributes to the border of the acetabulum). This latter group – Crocodyliformes – includes virtually all the famous extinct lineages, all the protosuchians, sebecosuchians, notosuchians, tethysuchians, archaic neosuchians and so on as well as the crown-clade: the group that includes living gavialoids, crocodyloids and alligatoroids (all of which debuted in the Late Cretaceous).
There are indications that thalattosuchians – the famous and awesome sea-going crocs of the Mesozoic – might be non-crocodyliform crocodylomorphs: we're waiting for a key paper to appear on that subject (or is it already out?). Anyway, the crown-clade* within Crocodyliformes is termed Crocodylia (forget ‘Crocodilia': it doesn't have a formal meaning in the majority of current studies). Other schemes of nomenclature are out there, but what I've just described is the one that's being used most widely.
* The ‘crown' is the bit of a phylogenetic tree delimited by extant species only. ‘Crown' does not just mean ‘that clade of most recently evolved species' – it has to include extant species by definition. The rest of the lineage is termed the stem.
I'm still planning to produce a grand, group-by-group review of crocodylomorph diversity here some time. But, then, I plan a lot of things, and you might have to wait for the book I'm currently working on. Anyway, suppose you think crocodylomorphs are awesome, and suppose you think that this fact needs to become better appreciated by humanity at large. I would strongly recommend the wearing of the following t-shirt design...
Buy it now from the Tet Zoo redbubble shop, and show the love and look awesome by wearing it to TetZooCon (happening July 12th at the London Wetland Centre: full programme now online).
Tet Zoo has now covered crocodylomorphs living and extinct on quite a few occasions. Here, I've listed them all together, grouped according to their position on the cladogram...
Crocodylomorphs in general
Thalattosuchians
Notosuchians
Archaic neosuchians
Crocodylians
Refs - -
Godoy, P. L., Montefeltro, F. C., Norell, M. A. & Langer, M. C. 2014. An additional baurusuchid from the Cretaceous of Brazil with evidence of interspecific predation among Crocodyliformes. PLoS ONE 9 (5): e97138.
Young, M. T., Brusatte, S. L., de Andrade, M. B., Desojo, J. B., Beatty, B. L., Steel, L., Fernández, M. S., Sakamoto, M., Ruiz-Omeñaca, J. I. & Schoch, R. R. 2012b. The cranial osteology and feeding ecology of the metriorhynchid crocodylomorph genera Dakosaurus and Plesiosuchus from the Late Jurassic of Europe. PLoS ONE 7(9): e44985.
FINAL 24 HOURS!
We're so close to our $7,000 stretch goal - and now only have a few hours left! Help us give away 1,000 Free DVD's to Veterans and Veterans Organizations. If you're the type of person who waits until the last minute it's now!
You can also help us out during this homestretch by one last tweet, facebook post, or e-mail to friends and family! As always your generosity and support means the world to everyone here! Let's give it one last push!
We asked our backers if there was anything else we could do to say thank you, and many of them asked for these two special perks - especially with the Holiday's fast approaching. Any backer who has pledged at least $5 can get one of these special offers
Get extra copies of the film (as many as you'd like) for a discounted rate of $25 each!
A special, Kickstarter-only, "Billy Bishop Goes to War T-shirt" for a flat rate of $25 each!
Deep in my piles of odds and ends from the "Billy Bishop" shoot I somehow acquired the *last* copy of a vintage cast and crew t-shirt from one of the earliest runs of the play (from the tag I'm guessing early 1980s). Since several of you asked about special t-shirts, we're going to make a limited, one time only run of replicas of this amazing piece of theatre history! And because we're printing them only once (and to order) we can make them both Men's and Women's cuts and *all* sizes.
ADD ON INSTRUCTIONS:
1) You have to have donated at least $5 to qualify for an add-on.
2) Press the "Manage Your Pledge" button above (if you haven't pledged yet, you won't see this button. It appears where "Back this Project" is):
3) Increase your pledge in the "Pledge Amount" box by the total of the add-on's you want to add (so if you want one t-shirt, increase your pledge by $25, if you want two t-shirts and three DVD's, increase your pledge by $125...)
by the total of the add-on's you want to add (so if you want one t-shirt, increase your pledge by $25, if you want two t-shirts and three DVD's, increase your pledge by $125...) 4) At the end of the Kickstarter you will get an e-mail survey where you can specify which add-on's you want, and let us know about t-shirt sizes - etc.
THE HISTORY OF BILLY BISHOP GOES TO WAR
In 1978 John Gray and Eric Peterson created one of the most famous plays in the history of Canadian theatre, "Billy Bishop Goes to War". They have performed this legendary show for over three decades and in 2011 Soulpepper Theatre and Strada Films partnered to create a feature film of this legendary performance so it could be shared with even more Canadians.
ABOUT THIS KICKSTARTER
Over the past five years we have heard over and over how the film and play, have helped generations of veterans and their families talk about their experiences. We have also received hundreds of requests to provide copies of this film to veterans organizations, and veterans care facilities on physical DVD. While we have tried to accommodate as many requests as we could - without a commercial DVD release of the film, we have only been able to help with a small number of the many worthy requests we've received.
To celebrate the 100th Anniversary of World War I, Strada Films, Soulpepper Theatre, and Union Pictures would like to remedy this situation - but we need your help. Completing this Kickstarter campaign will allow us to manufacture and distribute at least 500 commercial-quality copies of "Billy Bishop Goes to War" on DVD to worthy veterans causes.
WHERE ARE THE PROCEEDS GOING?
(final box art subject to change)
All proceeds from this Kickstarter campaign will go to the cost of creating, duplicating, and distributing free DVD's, as well as covering the costs of the Kickstarter campaign itself.
Raising more than our goal would allow us to increase the number of free copies of the film we have available and (by getting better bulk rates from our suppliers) would let us stretch every contribution even further!
PERKS
FIRST 72-HOUR BONUS
Help us get off to a strong start! We not only have a limited number of DVD rewards available at a special "early bird" rate but if the campaign is successful, EVERY supporter who made a donation by Sunday, Nov 9th will receive a special download link to a selection of behind the scenes photos from the making of "Billy Bishop Goes to War" as well as two songs from the film as DRM-Free MP3's!
ABOUT THE FILM
Billy Bishop Goes to War is a feature film inspired by the life of the legendary WWI flying ace from Owen Sound. Canadian acting legend Eric Peterson and award-winning writer/composer John Gray reprise their iconic two-man stage play that has captivated audiences for over three decades.
Nearing the end of his life, an aged Bishop (Peterson) recounts the triumphs and horrors of World War One, “the war to end all wars”. Through raucous stories, haunting memories, and vibrant song, Bishop traces his journey from Royal Military College troublemaker to the top flying ace of the British Empire.
A story of the human cost of war on a scale the world had never seen before, this is an intimate and powerful portrait of a man who continues to capture the imagination.
ABOUT JOHN GRAY - The Piano Player
John MacLachlan Gray is a multiple award-winning writer and composer for stage, television, film, radio, and print.
Over the past decades, he has been known for his stage musicals, as a satirist on CBC televisions The Journal, as a radio and TV commentator, a magazine journalist, a screenwriter, a columnist for The Globe and Mail and, in recent years, a novelist.
His awards include the Governor-General's Medal, a Chalmers Award, a silver Hugo, and a a Golden Globe, and he holds honorary doctorates from Mount Allison and Dalhousie Universities. John is an officer of the Order of Canada.
ABOUT ERIC PETERSON - Billy Bishop
Eric Peterson is one of Canada's most accomplished actors on stage, screen, and radio.
He is renowned for his work in the theatre, both in Canada and abroad, including at Soulpepper, Stratford, The National Arts Centre, and Canadian Stage, to name just a few. He is also responsible for some of the most iconic characters on Canadian television including his portrayal of lawyer Leon Robinovitch in the CBC series Street Legal, and loveable curmudgeon Oscar Leroy in CTV's smash hit Corner Gas.
His awards include the Governor-General's Medal, five Gemini Awards, and the L.A. Drama Critics Award. Eric is a member of the Order of Canada.
FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE FILM
http://www.BillyBishopGoesToWar.com
http://unionpictures.ca/billy-bishop-goes-to-war/
Internet connectivity to and from South Africa and much of the rest of sub-Saharan Africa was undermined severely on Thursday after two cable systems experienced significant problems.
Seacom, the cable system which runs along Africa's east coast from South Africa to Europe, was experiencing major problems on Thursday afternoon, while the West Africa Cable System (Wacs), which connects Yzerfontein north of Cape Town to London, had also experienced difficulties with an onward terrestrial connection in the UK.
Seacom confirmed to TechCentral shortly after 5pm on Thursday that it was experiencing a critical outage that began at 4.06pm South African time.
“Seacom is experiencing multiple outages on the terrestrial network across Egypt,” the company said in an e-mailed statement.
“All our international connectivity through Egypt has been affected since 14:06GMT on 21 January 2016,” it said.
“Repair teams have been dispatched. Seacom continues to monitor the situation closely and will provide necessary updates.”
(Update: Seacom said the faults in Egypt were successfully repaired at 6.46pm South African time and that traffic is once again flowing across its network.)
Meanwhile, a senior telecommunications industry executive, speaking to TechCentral on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to speak on behalf of the Wacs cable consortium, confirmed that a terrestrial fault in the UK, somewhere between the Wacs cable landing station and a telecoms centre in London, had caused problems with connectivity earlier on Thursday.
That problem was likely to be fixed soon, the source said.
(Update: The Wacs cable was returned to full service at 10.32pm on Thursday evening.)
The outages have reportedly impacted both mobile and fixed Internet service providers across sub-Saharan Africa. — (c) 2016 NewsCentral Media
New York University junior Joe Landolina, 20, used an unconventional process to develop Veti-Gel, which has been approved for use in veterinary practices this summer.
Joe Landolina, inventor of Veti-Gel (Photo: Courtesy of Joe Landolina) Story Highlights Landolina first pitched the concept in 2011
Veti-Gel is composed of connective plant and synthetic tissue that grow and hold organisms' structure
Veti-Gel has successfully closed wounds to rats' liver and carotid arteries
New York University junior Joe Landolina, 20, has invented a gel that instantly stops mass internal and external bleeding.
Available for veterinary practices this summer, Landolina first pitched the concept in 2011 as the sole freshman in a NYU business competition against MBA and PhD candidates. He won.
Connective plant and synthetic tissue that grow and hold organisms' structure, called the extracellular matrix (ECM), compose Veti-Gel. Such a configuration solidifies and sticks blood platelets together to close and begin healing wounds without applying pressure, Landolina says.
Landolina says he didn't know how the process would work to create the gel, called Veti-Gel. But this perspective allowed him to develop Veti-Gel faster and in an unconventional order, says Marisa Tricarico, 30, an associate at the NYU Innovation Venture Fund.
"Naiveté really helped us move forward," Landolina says. "As a freshman, if I knew how hard the process would be I don't think I would've stuck through it. Not knowing what would happen next helped us push through it."
It was a gradual research process based on trial and error. Unlike scientists who have attempted and failed to replicate the human ECM, Landolina developed cells that are similar to the body's ECM, but not an exact match.
This approximation hasn't hindered the success of Veti-Gel — there's immediate recognition. But Landolina says he doesn't know why.
"It's very difficult to isolate exactly how it works," Landolina says. "You can isolate that this is the best mechanism to be an immediate solution to trauma care."
Veti-Gel has successfully closed wounds to rats' liver and carotid arteries, but further tests are necessary for FDA approval and distribution for humans, Landolina says. For example, it remains unclear whether the gel is safe to leave in the body for extended time periods.
Cardiovascular surgeon Dr. Herbert Dardik, based in Englewood, N.J., will supervise these additional tests on larger animals.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Little about his age has hindered Landolina. Rather, because he is a student, Landolina frequently brings new information to experiments that better Veti-Gel, says Isaac Miller, 23, who co-created their company, Suneris Inc.
"It's Joe's ability to have a deep understanding of creating the technology, but also to think creatively about new ways the science can be conceived and put together," Miller says.
RELATED: More medical graduates entering primary care
RELATED: Practicing 'street medicine' at Wayne State
A bimolecular and chemical engineering major, Landolina partnered with Miller after the business competition, where they were the only undergraduates. Miller, then a junior, was a member of the audience and attended because of interest in entrepreneurship.
"It's common that graduate students and professors have their own technology and patents, but it's interesting when you meet undergraduates at that level," Tricarico says. "The fact Joe came up with this at such a young age is impressive."
Miller says he's responsible for commercializing Veti-Gel to surgeons, emergency medical services and the military within the next year and a half. The plant-derived ECM will be the same in these three sectors, but there will be other product variations to accommodate different needs, Landolina says.
The duo created Suneris to foster not only Veti-Gel, but medical technology that Landolina says he plans to make later in his career. That is after he graduates with a bachelor's and a master's in biomedical engineering before he's 25.
"I know where I want to go, but I'm really enjoying the ride right now," Landolina says.
With night NYU classes and daily Suneris work, Landolina says it has become normal to live with a busy schedule. Though it was difficult to manage it all at first, as long as he produces medical technology that makes life easier, Landolina says he's happy.
Stephanie Haven is a Spring 2013 USA TODAY Collegiate Correspondent. Learn more about her here.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YtGRa7
Pro-choice protesters accost delegates at the Republican National Convention as they arrive to party with country star Rodney Atkins.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Giant, walking vaginas have descended upon the Republican National Convention.
Several demonstrators from the feminist group Code Pink wore frilly pink costumes while others adorned with cardboard cutouts resembling the sexual organ were milling about Sunday looking for Republicans.
PHOTOS: The 20 Biggest Political Players In Hollywood
A Florida website called Shark-Tank.net captured video of some of them during their preparation (video below). The protesters carried signs saying such things as, “Read my lips. Leave my vagina alone,” and argued that pro-life Republicans are waging a war against women.
But with the official proceedings, along with two Lynyrd Skynyrd concerts and the premiere of an anti-Occupy Wall Street movie canceled Sunday and Monday due to weather, it wasn't until Sunday night at The Welcome Event that the protesters found a large group of Republicans to confront.
As several thousand conventioneers arrived in buses at Tropicana Field, an indoor stadium where baseball's Tampa Bay Rays play, they were met by about 400 protesters -- some of whom were in their vagina costumes. By that time, though, convention-goers hardly took notice of the crowd, and well-armed police and military personnel kept the demonstrators away from the party inside the stadium.
PHOTOS: Will Ferrell, Zack Galifianakis at the Premeire of The Campaign
Inside, delegates chanted the Pledge of Allegiance and sang along to "God Bless America." Many wore red, white and blue, and some dressed in unusual costumes of their own: cavalry uniforms, kilts and, Tampa Bay being the home of the NFL's Buccaneers, more than a few pirate outfits.
There were even a few Democrats roaming the floor, some obtaining credentials through the St. Petersburg/Clearwater Film Commission.
The show included short sets from American Idol alum Shannon Magrane and The Voice veteran Karla Davis.
Headlining was Rodney Atkins, singing songs about “freedom, family and the good Lord -- and the right to bear arms.”
Keeping his set family-friendly throughout, Atkins even cleaned up some fairly harmless lyrics (“bustin' our asses" became “bustin' our backs”) and earned some of the loudest applause when he toasted “the men and the women at home and abroad defending this country” before launching into his song "If You're Going Through Hell (Before the Devil Even Knows)."
Email: Paul.Bond@thr.com
Let's say that your friends have become increasingly obsessed with a new TV show that's already on episode eleven of a thirteen-episode season. You finally realize that you are missing out on something great and want to quickly catch up in time for the finale … but you're out of luck. Most networks only have rights to stream the last five episodes of their series on their websites and VOD, and Netflix usually doesn't post the whole season until a few weeks before the next season begins. But Vulture has learned that a couple of cable's biggest programming powerhouses, FX and Turner, are fighting back on this industry standard, telling TV studios that they will not buy any new show unless it comes with the right to keep streaming every episode in a current season until it ends. Netflix has made its position on the issue clear: If studios give into these demands, the service could dramatically cut the price it pays for streaming rights, potentially denying producers millions of dollars in revenue. A battle of the binge is brewing.
Before getting into the clash, a quick lesson is in order for how streaming has changed the traditional economics of TV production. When a network picks up a show, it doesn't own it; it essentially leases the episodes of a season for a pre-determined window (usually one year) from the studios that make them. Because the networks are renting and not buying, they usually pay around 60 percent of production costs and make their money back (and, presumably, a profit) by selling ad time. Studios try to recoup their 40 percent outlay via international sales or syndicating reruns. But in recent years, both sides of this financial equation have come under attack.
At the networks, ad revenue has been squeezed by the rise of time-shifting and other alternative means of watching shows. While networks love to tout how many viewers are watching a show a week after it airs (so-called “L+7” ratings), advertisers only pay for viewers who watch commercials, and then only if they watch within three days of an initial telecast (C3 ratings, in industry parlance). According to a senior cable network executive, it's not unheard of for that C3 number to be anywhere from 35 to 45 percent below the L+7. “That means we're losing [35 to 45 percent] of our ad revenue,” says the suit.
Meanwhile, studios have been feeling the pain because syndication deals, while still a big part of their profit formula, are not nearly as reliable or lucrative as they might have been even five years ago. Some cable networks, like TNT, that used to rely on reruns of old network dramas have diverted more resources to creating their own scripted hours. And with comedy, some networks are finding it more cost-effective to create 100 episodes of a show on the cheap (like FX's Anger Management) rather than pay big bucks for a modestly rated network sitcom.
This is where Netflix comes in. At about the same time networks and studios were coming to grips with the respective threats to their business models, Netflix — facing the end of some of its movie rights deals — began a major push to add more TV series to its service, offering to pay top dollar to studios. In 2011, it worked out a deal with Warner Bros. TV and CBS Studios to funnel an estimated $1 billion over several years to the studios in exchange for the right to stream the shows they produced for the CW. The studios behind AMC's Breaking Bad and Mad Men also struck lucrative agreements with Netflix. Netflix is now paying as much as $750,000 per episode for top shows, a sum that can make the difference between profit and loss for a show. “It's put pure heroin into the veins of studio executives,” a veteran industry insider tells Vulture, adding that Netflix money “has become the de facto domestic syndication window” for a number of shows.
For studios and Netflix, the benefits are clear: The program suppliers have found a new, reliable source of income, while the streaming giant gets premium content that it can use to drive subscription growth. (It's working: This week Netflix announced it added another 1.3 million customers over the summer, giving it more subscribers than HBO.) Many observers argue that the hundreds of millions Netflix is paying to acquire shows from studios is helping to fuel a surge in original scripted programming, since the Neflix money makes taking a chance less risky. Much has also been made about how Netflix is good for networks, too: Ratings surges for Breaking Bad, Scandal, and other shows have been linked to late adopters getting hooked via Netflix.
But FX and Turner don't believe it's win-win-win, which is why they want streaming and VOD rights to the entire current seasons of their series, not just the last five episodes. The main argument: that the incomplete set hampers a network's chances of turning latecomers into regular viewers in a first season. “Unless you have the whole season up, you're not really letting viewers come into a series,” our veteran industry insider says. What's more, unlike Netflix, networks sell unskippable advertising for their own streaming and VOD channels; the more episodes, the more potential ad revenue, and for a longer period. “They want people to be able to watch full episodes any time within a season, with commercials,” the insider adds. Right now, industry execs admit the additional ad revenue doesn't amount to much. “But this is about the future,” says the senior cable executive. “It's about finding a way to make the current system more viable as non-linear consumption becomes more and more important.”
Studios, however, are balking — at least for now — at letting networks pile up all episodes of a season on streaming and VOD, or “stacking,” as it's called in the industry. Studio execs say Netflix has made it clear that it will pay significantly less for streaming rights to stacked shows. This, even though the networks say they only want to stack current seasons of a show for a window that wouldn't even overlap with when Netflix takes it over. (FX, for instance, is looking to run a season online and on VOD until 30 days after the finale.) These executives say Netflix brass have said they believe that any expanded online exposure of a season makes it less special when it finally goes live with them. Last month, the streaming giant's chief content officer Ted Sarandos all but confirmed this to The Wall Street Journal, saying, “The less exploited shows are through on-demand services, the more valuable they are to us.” The amount Netflix penalizes producers for stacked shows varies widely: In some cases, it might go as high as only paying half as much as it otherwise would for a show that's been stacked, but one person familiar with Netflix deals says that the penalty is frequently about 20 percent per episode. That means if a thirteen-episode unstacked drama fetches $500,000 per episode from Netflix, a studio could lose out on $1.3 million for the season in Netflix revenue if the network is given full-season streaming and VOD rights. A studio exec who has previously worked on the network side was incredulous at the FX/TNT demands: “Why would we do a show with them when we're limiting our upside?” he says.
In conversations with studio execs, Landgraf has been very clear about why he thinks studios need to be willing to walk away from the extra Netflix dough: survival. The FX exec is not anti-Netflix: Many of his shows, like Louie and Sons of Anarchy, thrive on the service. But multiple industry sources who've heard Landgraf's take say the FX chief believes that networks and studios need to work together to preserve as much of the current advertiser-supported entertainment ecosystem as possible rather than blindly chase a few extra digital dollars. With neither Amazon nor Hulu yet able to prove an effective streaming competitor, the fear is that Netflix is becoming too much of a monopoly, one building its brand on the back of cable and broadcast network programming it snapped up for a relative pittance (compared to the millions spent to produce and market the shows). “He's worried Ted [Sarandos, Netflix's content chief] is going to destroy the business,” a studio executive who's heard Landgraf's pitch says. Some also suggest the networks' new tough line may be related, at least in part, to jealousy over Netflix's sudden transformation into an original programming player with shows such as House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black.
Landgraf and the Turner execs may not only be girding for this fight for themselves: At least two industry executives Vulture spoke with for this story suggested that this battle is actually being waged on behalf of the cable and satellite companies that distribute these networks. After all, Netflix has been seen as something of an existential threat to the TimeWarner Cables and DirectTVs of the world since it offers a ton of content for a fraction of their price. In response, cable companies have been demanding networks make as much of their content as possible available for their video on demand platforms to entice (or hold on to) subscribers. One of the big issues in the nasty spat between CBS and Time Warner Cable, which kept CBS and Showtime off Time Warner systems for more than a month, was Time Warner's desire for more on-demand content from CBS networks, as well as limits on how the Eye sold its content to platforms like Netflix. And earlier this year, when Fox and Comcast announced a new deal to keep Fox's networks on the cable system, Comcast issued a press release touting how full seasons of Fox and FX shows would now be available via its Xfinity service. “This is all about cable companies exerting enormous pressure on the networks … telling them, ‘If you want your big carriage fees and your increased retransmission fees, we need to be able to offer all of your content everywhere, all the time,'” the veteran industry insider says.
Whatever the rationale, FX and Turner's push to land stacking rights for new series has already sunk some projects. Two sources familiar with the situation say that Turner's TNT and TBS “have walked away” from pilot deals because of differences over VOD. Likewise, I hear from two industry sources that FX has lost out on at least one potential pilot deal because of stacking demands, while another project is currently in limbo while FX and executives at the studio involved try to see if a compromise is possible. One studio executive, however, insisted to Vulture that FX will not be able to get stacking rights unless it agrees to make up for any lost Netflix revenue: “None of the big studios is going to go for this … they're going to have to pay for stacking if they want it,” he says.
In the short term, all of the skirmishing among studios, networks, and Netflix probably won't have a negative impact on viewers, and might even have an upside. Viewers who don't subscribe to Netflix or don't want to wait until a series lands on the service may have more, and cheaper, viewing options to catch up. But it's also easy to see these battles playing out in a way that harms consumers. If, as Landgraf argues, Netflix poses a threat to the status quo, we could be headed toward a world where annoying advertisements are replaced by higher cable and broadband bills. Or perhaps the anger FX and TNT feel toward Netflix's strategy leads to networks and studios trying to weaken Netflix by putting more of their content on Amazon, Hulu Plus, or some as-yet-developed platform. It's also possible that all parties involved will come up with a way to make sense of TV's brave new world, and traditional networks and streaming services such as Netflix will come to the conclusion they can coexist while still making millions and millions of dollars every year. “There will be a solution,” says the veteran executive who compared Netflix's money to heroin. “Just not today.”
The lesson of the Great Crash was that unequal enrichment provokes asset bubbles, excessive demand for debt and, finally, economic failure. Now we are painfully learning that again
During the past 30 years, a growing share of the global economic pie has been taken by the world's wealthiest people. In the UK and the US, the share of national income going to the top 1% has doubled, setting workforces adrift from economic progress. Today, the world's 1,200 billionaires hold economic firepower that is equivalent to a third of the size of the American economy.
It is this concentration of income – at levels not seen since the 1920s – that is the real cause of the present crisis.
In the UK, the upward transfer of income from wage earners to business and the mega-wealthy amounts to the equivalent of 7% of the economy. UK wage-earners have around £100bn – roughly equivalent to the size of the nation's health budget – less in their pockets today than if the cake were shared as it was in the late 1970s.
In the US, the sum stands at £500bn. There a typical worker would be more than £3,000 better off if the distribution of output between wages and profits had been held at its 1979 level. In the UK, they would earn almost £2,000 more.
The effect of this consolidation of economic power is that the two most effective routes out of the crisis have been closed. First, consumer demand – the oxygen that makes economies work – has been choked off. Rich economies have lost billions of pounds of spending power. Secondly, the slump in demand might be less damaging if the winners from the process of upward redistribution – big business and the top 1% – were playing a more productive role in helping recovery. They are not.
Britain's richest 1,000 have accumulated fortunes that are collectively worth £250bn more than a decade ago. The biggest global corporations are also sitting on near-record levels of cash. In the UK, such corporate surpluses stand at over £60bn, around 5% of the size of the economy. This money could be used to kickstart growth. Yet it is mostly standing idle. The result is paralysis.
The economic orthodoxy of the past 30 years holds that a stiff dose of inequality brings more efficient and faster-growing economies. It was a theory that captured the New Labour leadership – as long as tackling poverty was made a priority, then the rich should be allowed to flourish.
So have the architects of market capitalism been proved right? The evidence says no. The wealth gap has soared, but without wider economic progress. Since 1980, UK growth and productivity rates have been a third lower and unemployment five times higher than in the postwar era of "regulated capitalism". The three post-1980 recessions have been deeper and longer than those of the 1950s and 1960s, culminating in the crisis of the last four years.
The main outcome of the post-1980 experiment has been an economy that is much more polarised and much more prone to crisis. History shows a clear link between inequality and instability. The two most damaging crises of the last century – the Great Depression of the 1930s and the Great Crash of 2008 – were both preceded by sharp rises in inequality.
The factor linking excessive levels of inequality and economic crisis is to be found in the relationship between wages and productivity. For the two-and-a-half decades from 1945, wages and productivity moved broadly in line across richer nations, with the proceeds of rising prosperity evenly shared. This was also a period of sustained economic stability.
Then there have been two periods when wages have seriously lagged behind productivity – in the 1920s and the post-1980s. Both of them culminating in prolonged slumps. Between 1990 and 2007, real wages in the UK rose more slowly than productivity, and at a worsening rate. In the US, the decoupling started earlier and has led to an even larger gap.
The significance of a growing "wage-productivity gap" is that it upsets the natural mechanisms necessary to achieve economic balance. Purchasing power shrinks and consumer societies suddenly lack the capacity to consume.
In both the 1920s and the post-1980s, to prevent economies seizing up, the demand gap was filled by an explosion of private debt. But pumping in debt didn't prevent recession: it merely delayed it.
Concentrating the proceeds of growth in the hands of a small global financial elite not only brings mass deflation – it also leads to asset bubbles. In the 1920s America, a rapid process of enrichment at the top merely fed years of speculative activity in property and the stock market. In the build-up to 2008, rising corporate surpluses and burgeoning personal wealth led to a giant mountain of footloose global capital. The cash sums held by the world's rich (those with cash of more than $1m) doubled in the decade to 2008 to a massive $39 trillion.
Only a tiny proportion of this sum ended up in productive investment. In the decade to 2007, bank lending for property development and takeover activity surged while the share going to UK manufacturing shrank. While the contribution to the economy made by financial services more than doubled over this period, manufacturing fell by a quarter.
Far from creating new wealth, a tsunami of "hot money" raced around the world in search of faster and faster returns, creating bubbles – in property, commodities and business – lowering economic resilience and amplifying the risk of financial breakdown.
New Labour's leaders were right in arguing that the left needed to have a more coherent policy for wealth creation. That is the route to wider prosperity for all. But the central lesson of the last 30 years is that a widening income gap and a more productive economy do not go hand in hand.
An economic model that allows the richest members of society to accumulate a larger and larger share of the cake will eventually self-destruct. It is a lesson that is yet to be learned.
Stewart Lansley is the author of The Cost of Inequality: Three Decades of the Super-Rich and the Economy, published by Gibson Square
Video: How to knot a tie Matrix style
(Image: Mikael Vejdemo-Johansson)
Ties. Lots of ties. Mathematicians have revealed there are over 177,000 distinct ways to knot a neck tie – more than 1000 times the number that was previously thought. They got their inspiration from an unusual style featured in the film The Matrix Reloaded.
As well as vastly broadening the mathematical definition of a neck tie knot, the discovery means there are now hundreds of thousands of new ties to choose from. High fashion many of the styles are not but they have gone down well with Moss Bros, a UK-based formal menswear store. “Traditionalists will no doubt dismiss these, but I reckon modern dandies will lap it up,” says company spokesman Dave Shaw.
Advertisement
Mathematics and ties have had a long-standing relationship. In 1999, Thomas Fink and Yong Mao of the University of Cambridge published a mathematical language describing tie knots in the journal Nature.
Merovingian madness
The pair used an existing tool from logic – known as formal language theory – to express the basic rules of tying a neck tie as a series of symbols. This included things like the placement of the tie, the direction of the fold and the need to end in a final tuck. They used their tie language to show that only 85 knots were possible.
Now mathematician Mikael Vejdemo-Johansson of the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, Sweden, has vastly broadened the tie landscape.
He first became interested in the subject after a YouTube tutorial caught his eye. It showed you how to copy an exotic-looking knot worn by Matrix villain, The Merovingian (see image, bottom centre).
He went on to learn of other relatively new, exotic tie knots with names like Eldredge (see image, bottom left) and Trinity (see image, dead centre), which have cult followings online. “I was hooked,” he says. Curious to learn more, he looked up the Fink-Mao paper – and immediately noticed that fancier knots like these weren't included.
Rules of tuck
It turns out Fink and Mao had made two assumptions about tie knots that drastically reduced the number available. They assumed that you would only make a tuck – folding one end of the tie under the rest to complete the knot – at the end of a given tying sequence, and that all knots would be covered by a flat stretch of fabric. Those assumptions don't hold for the new set of knots, which can involve making multiple tucks midway through a sequence – and surfaces with many folds and edges.
Vejdemo-Johansson and colleagues set about rewriting their language so it would include these more elaborate ties. One thing they had to do was simplify the language. The existing language described the process of tying a knot as a sequence of motions between the left, centre and right of the chest, moving the tie either away or towards the chest. Vejdemo-Johansson's team realised they could just describe moves as windings either clockwise or anticlockwise around the passive end of the tie, plus a tuck move. This freed them up to include much more elaborate ties.
They also changed an important rule: the limit to how many winding moves you can make before your tie gets embarrassingly short. Fink and Mao placed the limit at 8 for classical ties, but Vejdemo-Johansson's team chose 11 instead, as that is how many the Eldredge knot needs. Counting up all the possible windings and tucks before you hit this limit gives a total of 177,147 different tie knots.
Abstract fashion
Vejdemo-Johansson has created a website that generates random knots according to his rules if you want to have a go, though you might not win any sartorial awards.
“I have tried 10 or 20 of them, and most of them to be quite honest look kind of awkward,” he says. In future, he would like to be able to mathematically identify nice knots. “This is pure speculation, but it seems to be the fraction of really attractive tie knots goes down when we widen the scope.”
Instead, Vejdemo-Johansson recommends the Eldredge or Trinity knot, which he personally wears on a daily basis. The first looks better with a plain patterned tie while the second benefits from stripes, he says, and both attract attention. “At least every week or so, someone spontaneously comments on my tie.”
Shaw of Moss Bros warns that for most people, the new knots won't be suitable for all situations. “One needs to have the right occasion to sport something so abstract.”
Journal reference: arxiv.org/abs/1401.8242
Gordon Brown has accused Tony Blair of betraying his key promises in the pact the two men made over the Labour leadership to stand down early in his second term as Prime Minister and of a “partnership” at the top of the party.
Writing in his memoirs, which are published on Tuesday, Mr Brown said Mr Blair reassured him that he had made a “family choice” that he would give up the premiership after as little as five years so he could spend time with his three children while they were in their teens.
The book said the media had “wrongly” focused on what was said between the pair during a meal at the Granita restaurant in Islington in May 1994, which he said was a “formality” after the agreement to give Mr Blair a free run at the leadership was hammered out in the preceding days.
But he recalled how Mr Blair “emphasised the word “partnership again and again” after they left restaurant, where the deal was “rubber-stamped” that Mr Brown would not contest the leadership following John Smith's death.
The former Chancellor concluded: “The restaurant did not survive and neither did our agreement.” Speaking at an event in Edinburgh University on Sunday to mark the book's publication, Mr Brown said Mr Blair will "almost certainly" be remembered for the Iraq war despite all that he achieved.
The scenario is all too familiar: You're on a date, at a movie, or at work when, suddenly, you feel that familiar buzz in your pocket. You've just got a new text message and know this is neither the time nor place to respond. And yet, you do it anyway. This may get you labeled as inconsiderate or socially oblivious, but researchers at Penn State-Harrisburg have discovered that while this type of texting behavior is common, it isn't because we don't understand social etiquette—it's just that texting is too enticing.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The worst texting offenders, it's been well-documented, are college students, so researchers polled 150 of them in an attempt to better understand young adult's texting habits—specifically, they wanted to know when the allure of texting is so powerful that kids will bypass traditional social etiquette, and whether that habit might, in effect, re-write social etiquette.
The first takeaway from the study, appropriately titled “2 TXT or not 2 TXT”: There is just about no situation in which a college student hasn't texted. On the toilet, in the shower, while having sex—you name it, someone has sent a text while doing it.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“I really just wonder how some of these are logistically possible,” says lead author Marissa Harrison, only half kidding. “I'm not a clinician, but is texting that addictive that it would propel you to have to respond when you know in a given situation that it is wrong? And the answer seems to be yes.”
There is just about no situation in which a college student hasn't texted. On the toilet, in the shower, while having sex—you name it, someone has sent a text while doing it.
While this may be the case, Harrison and her colleagues also discovered that these students, while breaching social etiquette, are well aware that they are doing so. For example, 85 percent of respondents admitting to texting while in class, 84 percent while hanging out with a friend, and 71 percent while in a movie they paid to see—yet the majority of them said that in all three scenarios, texting is not socially acceptable.
“I think the college students separated [normal etiquette and texting behavior],” Harrison says. “For the most part, they agreed on what was inappropriate, but many reported doing it anyway. ... The evidence suggests that these social norms are not being re-written, just written over in a given situation. They know when it's wrong, but they're doing it anyway.”
Harrison, an evolutionary psychologist, hypothesizes that the reason we're compelled to deliberately break social etiquette has to do with how humans are hardwired.
“I see evolution in everything,” she says. “Humans are programmed to pay attention to moving things. The fact that we can't help but look at the screen—I see why it distracts us and attracts us. If you're out with your date and you text anyway, it doesn't explain that, but the notion that we're attracted to moving and changing things is hardwired into us.”
So next time you get a text while, say, having sex, maybe fight the urge to respond. You know better.
Quick Studies is an award-winning series that sheds light on new research and discoveries that change the way we look at the world.
John Stamos is staying in the Fox family.
Following the cancellation of his short-lived Fox comedy “Grandfathered,” the network has cast the “Full House” favorite as a series regular in the second season of “Scream Queens,” Variety has learned.
Stamos is a new addition to the A-list ensemble cast. Returning members from the original season are Jamie Lee Curtis, Emma Roberts, Lea Michele, Abigail Breslin, Keke Palmer, Billie Lourd, Niecy Nash and Glen Powell, who all will reprise their original characters.
“Scream Queens” season 2 — which returns on Tuesday, Sept. 20 — will be set in a hospital, after season 1 of the Ryan Murphy horror-anthology series was set in a sorority house. Putting the same characters in a new setting for the fresh episodes, the hospital will be run by Dean Cathy Munsch (Curtis), who has moved on after abolishing the college Greek system and traveled the world in search of a new mission. (For detailed season 2 character descriptions, click here.)
Stamos will play Dr. Brock Holt, the hospital's brilliant, but secretive, head surgeon. More new cast members will be announced at a later date.
“Scream Queens” marks a reunion for Stamos and Murphy, following guest-starring spots in “Glee” and “The New Normal.” The horror-comedy hails from Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan.
Stamos' short-lived “Grandfathered” struggled to find an audience this past TV season, but he was “get” for Fox who developed the 2015-2016 family sitcom as a vehicle particularly for the star.
Stamos is repped by WME.
I have finally watched Frozen, and as a Norwegian I had a pretty great time finding some of the Norwegian elements in the film. The tourist website, Visit Norway is already using the film to do a bit of promotion. There is no doubt the film has a lot of Scandinavian elements, and I thought I'd catalogue just a few details I caught on my first viewing.
First a short review (spoilers):
I enjoyed it as much as I expected to enjoy a new Disney movie (which is a lot). The film was beautiful, it had a really good main song, and all the characters were either funny or interesting. As for criticisms, I think there were too many songs, even for Disney, and I think the film could have been even bigger in scope. I think the limited time-line (the town is only frozen about a day and a half) made it feel like a smaller story than it was.
Maybe if they had made the town suffer for longer, or had isolated Queen Elsa for a longer time, the film might have had a bit more weight. As a Disney-phile I automatically compare her isolation with the Beast, who was stuck in his castle for years. It's a shame her beautiful ice-castle couldn't have ruled over the land for a few years to create a sense of foreboding. I wanted more ice-monsters and actual journeying for our heros.
All that said, I still enjoyed it a lot, and I especially enjoyed the elements below.
Location: Arendal
Frozen is set in the town of Arendelle, which Norwegians will interpret as Arendal. Arendal is a lovely town in the south of Norway. Pictured below with its fictional counterpart:
Arendal obviously lacks the mountains featured in Frozen, and the landscape of the film much more resembles the fjords and mountains of western Norway. Southern Norway is far from flat (ask any Dane who strays too far north), but like the Marvel universe that likes to butcher the geography of Tønsberg, Frozen seems to have picked the wrong name for their city. I guess it does sound a bit fairy-tale-ish in English, and I bet pronunciation was a factor. I will be interested to see if the Norwegian dub uses the regular pronunciation. I'm sure all the kids from Arendal will love that.
Architecture
Like the geography, the houses of the town of Arendelle more resemble the architecture of the western town of Bergen, arguably one of Norway's most beautiful cities architecturally speaking, and certainly the most famous. The docks are on UNESCO's world heritage list. Look at the details on the houses by the docks in Arendelle below, and compare with Bergen:
The castle of Arendelle has fortifications that aren't very Norwegian, and is more Disney castle design. The main building, however, is clearly inspired by the traditional Norwegian stave church.
One last bit of architecture I noticed was the hall of Elsa's coronation:
As akh pointed out on reddit (Hi r/norway btw. You explain why this post suddenly exploded in traffic 🙂 The coronation hall is clearly taken wholesale from stave church interiors. Take a look at the similarities with Borgund stave church (really worth a visit!)
One more architecture-connection:
I actually don't have Frozen on DVD, so excuse the quality of the picture below. When Kristoff turns back and races through Arendelle he passes a building that looks suspiciously like a traditional Norwegian “stabbur”. We see more of them, but the one below is the only one I managed to get a shot of. The stabbur is a storage building raised on pillar to avoid animals getting in. Several cultures have similar designs, but the wooden details make this one pretty Norwegian. See below for comparison:
Patterns and costumes
A lot of the townspeople's clothes are inspired by Norwegian bunads. I can't pinpoint which ones exactly, as there as so many styles and patterns to chose from. Some details I found very typical of the Ofotbunad, but there are many others with similar elements. You see patterns inspired from them on the walls and furniture. One particular detail I found hilarious is that the trolls put them into traditional marriage crowns. They are so expensive families rarely own one themselves, so some cities or counties still rent them out to brides.
One whose costume is very clearly a bunad is Hans. His bunad most resembles one from East-Telemark (Telemark is considered the cradle of skiing and is located in Eastern Norway) Note the pattern on the bottom of his jacket. He has a few added military elements to make him more royal, and sadly does not wear the correct trousers.
A lot of the patterns seen on the sisters' dresses and on walls and doors are very reminiscent of traditional Norwegian rose painting, an art form very much alive and well. Edit: I found an article on Disney's style blog about all the rose painting in the movie!
Second Edit: more rosemaling! I went up to our cabin recently and it was filled with rose-painted stuff. So I took some pictures to use as examples.
The last picture is a brand of brown cheese. I included it because all of that brand's brown cheeses have those rose painted corners, and they definitely reminded me of some of the details I saw in Frozen. Compare with details from the dresses:
A more direct pattern borrowed for the film is the very famous Selbu-pattern, primarily used on mittens. We see the pattern on the girls' bedroom doors and duvets. I think this pattern is what most Norwegians will recognize immediately, and if you're ever in a Norwegian souvenir shop, you can be sure they'll have something with this pattern on it.
Those were a few details I noticed on my first viewing of Frozen, and despite some geographical confusion, the film has a beautiful Scandinavian/Northern European style throughout. I love How to Train Your Dragon as much as the next person, but I don't think anyone can create a fantastical version of a culture quite like Disney.
São Paulo – Two days away from her UFC Fight Night 100 appointment, onetime title challenger Claudia Gadelha celebrated the best weight cut of her life with only 4.5 pounds to go.
But that's not the only way in which she felt lighter. Unlike what happened in the drama-filled lead-up to her last scrap, a five-round title affair against strawweight champ Joanna Jedrzejczyk, she could actually rest easy this time without having to engage in verbal wars.
“I know that today you have to talk, you have to promote your fight,” Gadelha told MMAjunkie. “But I grew up in the Brazilian jiu-jitsu philosophy. I learned to respect my opponent, their trainers and everybody. I'm not that kind of person. It's just not inside me. Even though now I know I have to talk (expletive) to make money, I'm not going to do it because it's not me. So I feel better that way.
“I could sleep well every night of my fight camp and not worry about what she was talking about me. Joanna really made me angry a lot of times during camp, during ‘The Ultimate Fighter' (the two were coaches on the 23d season of the show), so now I feel much better about that too.”
Gadelha (13-2 MMA, 2-2 UFC) had already discussed the major changes made in her camp for Cortney Casey (6-3 MMA, 2-2 UFC) – her first in the U.S. But while she's more than happy to be training under Chris Luttrell and Greg Jackson in Albuquerque, N.M., the former Nova Uniao staple is not fighting under any banners.
“I'm training with them, and I'm learning with them,” Gadelha said. “I don't know what's going to happen. Jair (Lourenco, head of Kimura Nova Uniao, the team's branch in Natal) is going to America as well, and I've been training with him since I was a little girl.
“So, I really enjoy training with them. Chris Luttrell is one of the best coaches I've met in my life, and I want to be between them. I want to have them in my team and have my own team instead of defending another team.”
Gadelha and Casey meet on the FS1-televised main card portion of Saturday's UFC Fight Night 100 event, which takes place at at Ibirapuera Gymnasium in São Paulo. Early prelims stream on UFC Fight Pass.
As happy as she is with the training conditions, Gadelha is still not committing to a full-time life abroad. Sporting a Brazilian flag on her sidecut, the 115-pounder said she plans to go back to her home country – though, for the time being, mostly for vacations.
As for the more immediate future, the No. 2 ranked fighter in the USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA women's strawweight rankings doesn't seem all that preoccupied with the unranked Casey, who wasn't her first, second or third choice on a hit list led by former champ Carla Esparza.
While the Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt takes Casey's size and strength into account, she simply feels too good about her own preparation.
“She's tall and heavy, and she uses that to bully her opponents,” Gadelha said. “She's very strong. She has good jiu-jitsu and fast hands, but nothing fantastic. She's good at every little thing but not fantastic in anything.
“I think she's going to try to use her weight, her range, her size to make me tired, to make me fight stepping back the whole time. But I'm faster, stronger. Even though I'm lighter now, I feel like I'm stronger, healthier, and I'm ready to go. You're going to see Claudia fighting forward the whole time.”
Thinking further down the road, Gadelha knows she's in a tough spot. Having fought and lost to the current champ twice – in spite of disagreeing firmly with the result of the first one – she is trying not to fuss too much about title shots for now.
“For sure I want to fight for the belt,” Gadelha said. “For sure I want to be the champion. That's why we're fighting. I'm not there to be only one more fighter. I'm there to be at the top of the division, and I want to be the champion.
“But Joanna is there. I fought her twice. The first fight everybody knows (what happened). I don't even need to talk about that. But I lost the first fight, and I think the best thing for me now would be seeing someone beating her and fight that person.
“But I'm thinking about my next opponent, and after that fight, I want to fight Carla, and I'm concentrating on these things now.”
Check out the full video above.
And for more on UFC Fight Night 100, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
FARGO, N.D. — A transgender employee who quit her job at Sanford Health in Fargo is suing the hospital for discrimination.
Faye Seidler was born as a male and identifies herself as a female. She says she began hormone therapy as part of her gender transition in 2013. She began working for Sanford in spring 2014.
The lawsuit says Seidler asked for access to the women's locker rooms in November 2014, but the hospital refused to accommodate her request. She says managers did not treat her equally in other aspects and felt forced to quit her job.
The suit seeks unspecified damages and asks a judge to order the hospital from discriminating against employees who have undergone or are undergoing a gender transition.
Lawyers for Sanford were not immediately available for comment.
© 2015, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's former chief of staff at the State Department appointed a stock trader and prolific Democratic donor to an intelligence advisory board, according to ABC News.
ADVERTISEMENT
Rajiv Fernando's appointment to the International Security Advisory Board, a panel made up mostly of nuclear scientists and security experts, prompted questions from ABC in 2012 over his apparent lack of qualifications.
A press aide for Clinton expressed concern about the appointment in one email to two other State Department officials after ABC News raised questions about Fernando.
“I have spoken to [State Department official and ISAB Executive Director Richard Hartman] privately, and it appears there is much more to this story that we're unaware of,” wrote Clinton press aide Jamie Mannina in one of the newly released internal emails. “We must protect the Secretary's and Under Secretary's name, as well as the integrity of the Board. I think it's important to get down to the bottom of this before there's any response.
“As you can see from the attached, it's natural to ask how he got onto the board when compared to the rest of the esteemed list of members,” Mannina continued.
“The true answer is simply that S staff (Cheryl Mills) added him,” another State Department official responded. “Raj was not on the list sent to (Clinton); he was added at their insistence.”
Fernando announced that he was stepping down from the panel days after ABC asked the State Department for his resume, which they never provided.
Fernando, who at the time was the head of the high frequency trading firm Chopper Trading, was a prolific donor to both Clinton and President Obama. He bundled over $100,000 for Clinton's 2008 primary campaign before fundraising for Obama in the general election. He's also given between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
The new emails were provided to ABC by the conservative group Citizens United, which obtained the missives through Freedom of Information Act request.
The Clinton campaign through a spokesman told ABC that the ISAB's charter calls for the panel to be made up of “a balance of backgrounds and points of view. Furthermore, it is not unusual for the State Department Chief of Staff to be involved in personnel matters.”
This post was originally published on Mashable.
What's the difference between an elbow and a breast? For Facebook, not much.
Breast or elbow? Facebook thought breast but it's definately two elbows.
The social network recently removed a misleading photo of a woman in a bathtub because it mistook her elbow for a bare breast, according to "Theories of the deep understanding of things".
The Facebook page posted the photo as a way to test Facebook's terms of service, which prohibits the posting of "pornographic" content.
"FB moderators can't tell an elbow from a dangerous, filthy, uncanny and violent female breast," the page said. "No questions were asked and the post is down."
After realising its blunder, Facebook later restored the photo. In a statement, the company told gossip blog Gawker, "We made a mistake and sent an apology to the original poster."
Mashable is the largest independent news source covering digital culture, social media and technology.
Summer is short! So join the all-day festivities at ASI's Midsommar Celebration when the season explodes into life at our annual, outdoor festival offering something fun for every age, from kids to grandparents. As in Sweden, families gather to make flower head wreaths, dance around the Midsommar pole and, singing lively traditional Swedish songs. The day's entertainment theater troupe Impossible Salt, lessons in cow calling, and a “crazy cow” community art exhibition. There will be music a-plenty including performances by ASI's performing clubs, a visit from the Swedish Vindonia female folk trio and a featured concert by world-class Swedish jazz musician Oskar Stenmark.
Learn what frogs say in Swedish! Join us as we raise the Midsommar pole, then dance and sing traditional Midsommar tunes.
Featured performances by Swedish/New York jazz musician Oskar Stenmark, the Vindonia female folk trio, plus ASI's performing clubs including Spelmanslag, Cloudberries Choir and other local groups throughout the day
Make your own Midsommar Head Wreaths ($8 fee, cash only)
Roaming Pop-Up Theater from Impossible Salt
Fun festival food from FIKA including Strawberry Cake and other treats
A herd of crazy cow creations in the special community exhibit. Vote for your favorite! See below for details on participation
Get your Swede on! Join “Midsommar for Dummies” and other Nordic Know-How sessions
Learn how to Call the Cows in mini workshops with Peggy Larson, a Kulokk (Norwegian herding calls) expert
Festival style food and refreshments from FIKA plus a cash bar will be available throughout the day
Join the Festival
Midsommar Celebration is included with museum admission.
$10 adult, $7 ages 62+, $5 ages 6-18 and students with ID; free for ASI members.
Buy your tickets on the day of the event. No discounts or special museum passes accepted during festivals. Festival hours apply to FIKA Cafe and the Museum Store.
Shopping – at the ASI Museum Store and Special Midsommar Pop-Up Shop
Friday, June 16, 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. With vendors Larissa Loden, Polarn O. Pyret, and Maguba/ Båstad. Parents coming for the Kids at the Castle event on Friday from 9-10 a.m. can shop before or after.
Saturday, June 17, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m., Vendors during the Midsommar Celebration:
Treaty of 1818 Convention respecting fisheries, boundary, and the restoration of slaves United States territorial border changes Type Bilateral treaty Context Territorial cession Signed October 20, 1818 Location London, United Kingdom Effective January 30, 1819 Signatories United Kingdom
United States Languages English Treaty of 1818 at Wikisource
The Convention respecting fisheries, boundary and the restoration of slaves between the United States of America and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, also known as the London Convention, Anglo-American Convention of 1818, Convention of 1818, or simply the Treaty of 1818, was an international treaty signed in 1818 between the above parties. Signed during the presidency of James Monroe, it resolved standing boundary issues between the two nations. The treaty allowed for joint occupation and settlement of the Oregon Country, known to the British and in Canadian history as the Columbia District of the Hudson's Bay Company, and including the southern portion of its sister district New Caledonia.
The two nations agreed to a boundary line involving the 49th parallel north, in part because a straight-line boundary would be easier to survey than the pre-existing boundaries based on watersheds. The treaty marked both the United Kingdom's last permanent major loss of territory in what is now the Continental United States and the United States' only permanent significant cession of North American territory to a foreign power. Britain ceded all of Rupert's Land south of the 49th parallel and east of the Continental Divide, including all of the Red River Colony south of that latitude, while the United States ceded the northernmost edge of the Missouri Territory north of the 49th parallel.
Treaty provisions [ edit ]
The treaty name is variously cited as "Convention respecting fisheries, boundary, and the restoration of slaves",[1] "Convention of Commerce (Fisheries, Boundary and the Restoration of Slaves)",[2] and "Convention of Commerce between His Majesty and the United States of America".[3][4]
History [ edit ]
The treaty was negotiated for the U.S. by Albert Gallatin, ambassador to France, and Richard Rush, minister to the UK; and for the UK by Frederick John Robinson, Treasurer of the Royal Navy and member of the privy council, and Henry Goulburn, an undersecretary of state.[4] The treaty was signed on October 20, 1818. Ratifications were exchanged on January 30, 1819.[1] The Convention of 1818, along with the Rush–Bagot Treaty of 1817, marked the beginning of improved relations between the British Empire and its former colonies, and paved the way for more positive relations between the U.S. and Canada, notwithstanding that repelling U.S. invasion was a defence priority in Canada until 1928.[6]
Despite the relatively friendly nature of the agreement, it nevertheless resulted in a fierce struggle for control of the Oregon Country in the following two decades. The British-chartered Hudson's Bay Company, having previously established a trading network centered on Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River, with other forts in what is now eastern Washington and Idaho as well as on the Oregon Coast and in Puget Sound, undertook a harsh campaign to restrict encroachment by U.S. fur traders to the area. By the 1830s, with pressure in the U.S. mounting to annex the region outright, the company undertook a deliberate policy to exterminate all fur-bearing animals from the Oregon Country, in order to both maximize its remaining profit and to delay the arrival of U.S. mountain men and settlers. The policy of discouraging settlement was undercut to some degree by the actions of John McLoughlin, Chief Factor of the Hudson's Bay Company at Fort Vancouver, who regularly provided relief and welcome to U.S. immigrants who had arrived at the post over the Oregon Trail.[citation needed]
By the middle 1840s, the tide of U.S. immigration, as well as a U.S. political movement to claim the entire territory, led to a renegotiation of the agreement. The Oregon Treaty in 1846 permanently established the 49th parallel as the boundary between the United States and British North America to the Pacific Ocean.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819, between the U.S. and Spain, resolved borders from Florida to the Pacific Ocean.
The Webster–Ashburton Treaty of 1842 resolved uncertainties left by the 1818 treaty, including the Northwest Angle problem, which had been created by the use of a faulty map.
Oregon boundary dispute, concerning the joint occupation of the Oregon Country by U.S. and British settlers.
Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which established most of the southern border between the US and Mexico after the defeat and occupation of Mexico in 1848, ending the Mexican–American War.
The Gadsden Purchase, which completed the acquisition of the southwestern United States and completed the border between Mexico and the US in 1853 at the 32nd parallel and the Rio Grande.
References [ edit ]
ISPs will no longer send copyright notices to combat piracy
The days of content software receiving notices of copyright infringement from their internet service providers are about to come to an end. The Center for Copyright Information announced today that it's killing off its Copyright Alert System, which began seeing use four years ago. The system would send a number of warnings to consumers when ISPs, studios, and artists detected copyright infringement through P2P file sharing, with different punishments envisioned depending on how many warnings a person had received.
In a statement issued today, The Center for Copyright Information didn't explicitly state why the system was coming to an end, but it isn't hard to imagine why. While those alerts may have scared off infrequent pirates, the repeat offenders weren't so easily swayed. Indeed, Steven Fabrizio, who serves as executive vice president and global general counsel for the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) indicated to Variety that the alert system just wasn't effective.
“These repeat infringers are the ones who drive ongoing and problematic P2P piracy,” Fabrizio said. “In fact, an estimated 981 million movies and TV shows were downloaded in the U.S. last year using P2P.” He also noted that the system wasn't prepared to deal with the worst offenders, as it never cut off internet access as a punishment.
Instead, the Copyright Alert System was geared more toward education than punishment for copyright infringement. After receiving a certain number of alerts, ISPs could opt to slow connection speeds or downgrade service tiers, but that was about as harsh as the punishments get. Beyond that, ISPs had to rely on the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA) – not notices from The Center for Copyright Information – to stop frequent pirates.
In that previously mentioned statement, The CCE didn't bring up any of the system's shortcomings. The statement doesn't offer any kind of specific vision for the future either, merely saying that its partners will, “remain committed to voluntary and cooperative efforts to address these issues.” The full statement is posted below:
After four years of extensive consumer education and engagement, the Copyright Alert System will conclude its work. The program demonstrated that real progress is possible when content creators, Internet innovators and consumer advocates come together in a collaborative and consensus-driven process. CAS succeeded in educating many people about the availability of legal content, as well as about issues associated with online infringement. We want to thank everyone who put in the hard work to develop this program and make it a success, including past and present members of our Advisory Board. While this particular program is ending, the parties remain committed to voluntary and cooperative efforts to address these issues.
So, for now, we're left to see how ISPs and organizations like the MPAA and the RIAA choose to combat piracy. Subscription services like Hulu, Netflix, and HBO Go seem to help at least a little, but it's clear from Fabrizio's remarks that the problem is nowhere near solved. We'll also see if The Center for Copyright Information continues to be a visible combatant of P2P piracy or if it simply fades off quietly into the night. Stay tuned.
SOURCE: The Center for Copyright Information
The WLAN-Thermometer
I started the project in february 2013 on www.grillsportverein.de as a very small proof of concept never even dreaming about what would develop out of this little seed planted in the heads of some geeky BBQ-buffs!
http://www.grillsportverein.de/forum/threads/wlan-thermometer-selbst-bauen-mit-raspberry-pi.181768/
It actually turned out to be of great interest to the BBQ-community and suddenly, a small number of developers from Germany and Austria teamed up and over the years added functionality and useablity to the product. Main goal was to have an affordable and powerfull tool to support grillers achieve their ambitous results in Q-ing.
The first PCB's were developed for the Raspberry Pi B and produced in China. Non-profit distribution of the PCBs very quickly created lots of builds all over Germany and Austria.
V1:
V2:
V3 "normal" and SMD-Version
With the new mini-version created by aschaefer85 integrating a Pi-Zero and adding 433Mhz hardwaresupport for future enhancements, the project now has reached a new level!
Mini-Version PCB
System in 3D-printer-made case with touchscreen
Look inside
Mini-Version with components as base of the piggy-pack-stack
Explanation of the different functions on the PCB
RPi Zero is second layer in piggy-pack
LCD-screen on top
Nice stack of tech
Here is a picture how to hook up everything to the board:
Assembled and integrated system with 4 sensors attached and a fan-assembly for ventilation of a grill (using BBQ-guru-gear)
The documentation can be found at www.wlanthermo.com . The problem is that it is not fully up to date due to a recent server-hack (shouldn't name it a hack here, ehhh ;-) ) and also due to the brand new mini-version-description not yet transferred from the BBQ-forum to the website. The handful of developers do this in their sparetime and capacity is limited. Please check the link to the Mini-Version under external links to be on top of (german) information for the moment.
A full translation to english is pending - I know this is a bad thing but we (or I) will work on it!
Update: We started with the Wiki on Github. Please check on a regular basis for updated information:
https://github.com/WLANThermo/WLANThermo_Hardware/wiki
Going public on hackaday.io is the next step. We are very interested in the reactions of the rest of the world!
Thanks to aschaefer85 and Bjoern for bringing us to the next level.
Special thanks to my Austrian friends Phantomias2006 and JOE16 - without these boys we would not be where we are AT ALL!
Cheers
Armin
(daddy of wlanthermo)
by
Mexico City.
You can blame it on those damn students. Ever since over a hundred of them at a private university, the Iberoamericana in Mexico City, ran presidential frontrunner Enrique Peña Nieto off campus with cries of “Coward!” and “Get out!” on May 11, the favorite for July's election has been under popular siege. It's quickly blossomed into an entire movement known as “#YoSoy132” (“I am 132”) – named for the 131 students who produced a video following the incident, swearing that, contrary to the spin, they were ordinary citizens and puppets of no political force.
With some 40 million Internet users nationwide, this was hyped from the get-go as Mexico's first fully-Facebooked, tweeted and YouTubed election. Now “#YoSoy132” has gone viral and the country's Federal Electoral Institute (IFE) has suggested that the youth vote could sway the outcome of the July 1 clash. Nearly 40% of registered voters are below the age of 30.
The beauty of “#YoSoy132” – which has expressed solidarity with Mexico's Movement for Peace, as well as Occupy – is that it not only opposes the return of the country's former ruling party, the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), but also the venomous influence of corporate media duopoly Televisa/TV Azteca (aka PRI-TV) in national affairs. On a typical day, Televisa's rabidly pro-Peña Nieto coverage makes Fox News look balanced.
The PRI, which dominated Mexican politics for 71 years, has led the polls for months due to widespread disillusionment with President Felipe Calderon's right-wing National Action Party (PAN). Yet, just like the PAN, the PRI represents only a handful of special interests in a country marred by poverty, gang violence, and scant opportunities for young people, seven million of whom are without jobs or studies.
Anti-PRI protests have taken place nationwide, with slogans such as “The Mexican Spring” being thrown around, but crucially, there are just four weeks left until election-day. Peña Nieto still leads almost every poll that emerges as many seem prepared to put their faith in a return of the old guard after a disastrous twelve years with the PAN at the helm.
Attending the Mexico-CARICOM summit in Barbados last week, much-maligned President Calderon – who leaves office either way in December – couldn't resist a wry smile. “Usually, people protest the party that's in power,” he said.
The question is which candidate benefits from the burgeoning youth movement. #YoSoy132 claims to be non-partisan but the most obvious beneficiary is leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador (AMLO) of the Democratic Revolutionary Party (PRD) and Progressive Movement coalition. Depending on which poll you believe, AMLO's challenge has strengthened post-#YoSoy132. A former Mexico City mayor and stalwart of the Mexican Left, he's undoubtedly the most popular candidate with young people, and has been actively encouraging them to use the Internet to overcome the propaganda spun by the TV networks.
“We Have a Memory”
The irony is that most of those involved in the #YoSoy132 movement are too young to remember life under the PRI dictatorship. Yet the darker side of the 71 years of PRI rule is well-documented. Marches still take place annually to commemorate some 400 student protesters (nobody knows the exact number) massacred by security forces at the Plaza of Three Cultures in Mexico City in 1968. Everybody knows about the PRI's “dirty war” of the 1970s-‘90s, whereby another untold number of Mexicans were murdered, imprisoned or disappeared. Everybody knows about PRI presidents Miguel de la Madrid, Carlos Salinas and Ernesto Zedillo, and their ties to the drug-trafficking mafia currently butchering people around the country.
The PAN, which took power when Mexico transitioned to democracy in 2000, isn't really wanted either. Unemployment and poverty have soared under the neoliberal administrations of Vicente Fox and Felipe Calderon. President Calderon's US-backed militarization of the “Drug War” has left some 60,000 people dead and as many as 20,000 missing. Counterinsurgency ops and old-fashioned intimidation continue in impoverished states such as Chiapas, Oaxaca and Guerrero – all under the mask of a “war on drugs”.
AMLO and the PRD are the only left-leaning alternative, but the problem is that the Mexican Left isn't particularly united. The country's most vibrant and high-profile social movement, the Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity, which opposes both the drug mafia and the government's policy of militarization, has notably distanced itself from AMLO as the election nears.
On Monday, all four presidential candidates met with representatives from the Peace Movement at Mexico City's historic Chapultepec Castle. The movement's symbolic leader, the poet Javier Sicilia, whose son was murdered in March 2011, had recently joined #YoSoy132 in a protest outside Televisa's studios on May 22. The encounter between Sicilia and the candidates was a thousand times more revealing than the farce of an “official” television debate that the Federal Electoral Institute staged on May 6.
“For you, the 60,000 dead mean nothing,” Sicilia told the four candidates, all of whom have more or less backed a continuation of the “war on drugs”, before stating that Mexico suffered from a “serious social and political Alzheimer's”. All three major parties have had members linked to drug-trafficking, and Sicilia accused them of failing to clean their ranks of “those who hide behind impunity and collude with crime.”
That's not to say that many from the Peace Movement and #YoSoy132 will not opt for the leftist party, and certainly, AMLO is looking to capitalize on the current protests. On May 22, the PRD announced it was taking out a US$8 million loan to finance a late surge in the race. Peña Nieto, who has all kinds of interests backing him, has already been accused of overspending. In Mexico City alone, he's allegedly splashed out US$6.5 million of the $24 million campaign limit.
The mainstream media may write it off as grubby students making noise, but like the Occupy movement and “Los Indignados” of Spain, #YoSoy132 is a manifestation of the anger and frustration young Mexicans feel at the political and economic course their country is taking. While it remains to be seen if the movement can capture the public imagination enough to influence the outcome of the vote, it has already made waves in the electoral debate.
One of its more concrete demands was for media giants Televisa and TV Azteca to broadcast the second presidential debate on June 10 on its main channels. Azteca refused to show the first debate – supposedly because it clashed with a soccer game – and Televisa relegated it to a secondary channel in what was widely viewed as an attempt by the networks to protect Peña Nieto, who rarely shines when speaking off-script. #YoSoy132 protesters have since claimed a victory in forcing Televisa – the biggest mass-media company in the Spanish-speaking world – to “listen to the people” (Televisa's words) and broadcast the forthcoming debate on its flagship channel. TV Azteca announced Tuesday it will follow suit.
Another demand set forth by #YoSoy132 is for more citizens to register as election observers in a bid to prevent the kind of fraud that has been commonplace in Mexican elections over the years. Indeed, the 2006 presidential result was highly disputed by second-placed candidate AMLO, although the Federal Electoral Institute controversially refused a recount.
If the PRI's Enrique Peña Nieto does indeed win the election on July 1, it's unlikely any Mexican president will have faced greater public opposition before taking office. The PAN's Josefina Vazquez Mota, who has run an absolutely lackluster campaign, would appear to be out of the race. For his part, AMLO will be hoping for popular discontent to fuel a late surge by the Left and achieve what the PRI has traditionally excelled in; stealing an election from under the nose of the favorite.
Paul Imison is a journalist living in Mexico City. He can be reached at: paulimison@hotmail.com
>>
2fd111.jpg Evening Wish
2fd111 Trilicon 2012/11/29(Thu)16:10 No. 475521 ID: 2fd111
>>475422
Oh shit, three things just clicked about what he just said.
I'd say the immediately important one first, but the context is the other one, so I'll start with that.
First: He's using Nan, and at least one part of his plan involves Nan killing him, but that isn't part of the plan till later.
Secondly: He just said you're part of his plan. He needs you alive. This means either he means you no harm, or intends to capture you!
Thirdly and most importantly: If he has planed as much as he seems, he obviously saw this coming! There's no way he doesn't have something up his sleeve to prevent you from killing him, or continue the plan without him!
Back off! What can he tell us is so much more valuable than the peace of mind from his death!
Hell, even if you manage to throw him off the cliff, there is no way he won't either have ace in the hole save him/kill you, or something to screw you over in the event you do manage to kill him! Think about it! He may very well be insane, possessed, or even the devil, but he's clearly no idiot! Back off before he plays his trumpcard!
Don't let him get close, and keep an eye out, he might not be alone In the event he gets hostile(you're the only one who's shown hostility so far), get the fuck out of dodge.
If you die now ,then their deaths will be in vain/unpreventable.
(lightbulb just went off in my head gonna make this twice so it's grammatically correct both in the event this is before the burning, bare with me, this might not be true)
before: The Anazie cannot be saved without the knowledge he carries. His word is worth more than his life! You can't risk dying now! They need you!
After:
The Anazie cannot be saved, but there is still somthing you can do. This demon of man, clearly still intends to do far more. You might be a cog in the gears of his plan, but even a single gear can stop the entire works if it does something it's not soposed to, and he knows what it is! Even if you can't find it out now, without him you'll likely not know what you can do against him till it's too late. You need to stop!
Both:
Nancy! It's not worth it! Stop!
President Donald Trump met with Senate Republicans about healthcare in the East Room of the White House on Tuesday. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
President Donald Trump appeared to take issue Wednesday morning with a New York Times report on his involvement in the Senate healthcare bill.
"Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S.," Trump tweeted Wednesday morning.
The New York Times on Tuesday reported that Trump was "largely on the sidelines" during much of the debate surrounding the bill. One GOP senator who The Times said supported the bill and met with Trump on Tuesday told the paper that the president "did not have a grasp of some basic elements of the Senate plan."
Trump targeted the paper specifically in a tweet earlier Wednesday.
"The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me," Trump tweeted. "They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!"
Senate Republican leaders on Tuesday shelved a plan to vote on their healthcare legislation by the end of the week after resistance from several members of the Senate GOP conference. They plan to revise the bill and work toward passage after the weeklong July 4 recess.
Robert Butler was set free in February 2014 after being charged with capital murder in a Schenectady arson that killed four people. His release came after another man became a focus of the investigation. Police and federal agents have not charged anyone else with setting the fire, which killed three children. (Skip Dickstein/Times Union) less Robert Butler was set free in February 2014 after being charged with capital murder in a Schenectady arson that killed four people. His release came after another man became a focus of the investigation. Police ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Man set free after facing death penalty sues police 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
Albany
Robert Butler, who faced a potential death penalty after being charged with setting a 2013 fire that killed a man and three children in Schenectady, has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against five of the federal agents and Schenectady detectives who were involved in his arrest.
Butler, 31, spent nine months in jail before he was set free in February 2014 without explanation from law enforcement authorities. His release from custody came after information emerged that a St. Johnsville man, Edward Leon, who had a grudge against the man killed in the fire, had lied to detectives and his friends when he denied being at the scene of the early morning fire and hastily driving away as the Hulett Street residence erupted in flames.
Leon later became a focus of the investigation but was never charged. He is serving 10 years in prison for lying to federal agents and a grand jury about his whereabouts on the night of the fire.
He also acknowledged sending a series of anonymous and threatening text messages — using the name "The Undertaker" — to the adult victim, David Terry, 32, who was killed along with his children Layah, 3, and Michael Terry, 2. Donovan Duell, 11 months old, also died. Another of Terry's children, Sa'fyre Terry, who was 5 at the time, survived but suffered extensive burns.
Initially, detectives and federal agents accused Butler of sending the anonymous text messages. But an investigator with the federal public defender's office, which was representing Butler in his criminal case, traced the text messages to a disposable mobile phone that Leon purchased from a downstate pharmacy located along a route he drove for a food delivery company. That investigator, a former Albany detective, also discovered footage from street cameras in Schenectady that captured video of Leon's distinctive, older-model van driving toward the residence where the blaze took place minutes before the fire started.
The federal lawsuit filed recently in U.S. District Court in Albany by Butler's attorney, Raymond Gazer of New York City, accuses the law enforcement officers of false arrest, malicious prosecution and other federal civil rights violations. The complaint names Schenectady Detective Eric Hesch and retired Detectives Paul Steele and Thomas Disbrow, and Mark Maher, Mark Meeks and Jason Stocklas, all agents with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
The 24-page complaint alleges that Schenectady police and the ATF ran a shoddy and hurried investigation that led to Butler being charged with federal capital murder charges. It also alleges that federal ATF agents continually pressured two Saratoga County residents by showing them photographs of the 5-year-old girl who was badly disfigured in the fire and urging them to recant their statements that Butler and three of his friends — who gave statements implicating Butler and themselves in the arson — never left Saratoga Springs that night. Butler maintained his innocence and rebuffed detectives' attempts to get him to admit to setting the fire.
"It's not enough to say, 'We made a mistake,'" Gazer said. "Here it seems they came to a conclusion and their investigation was, through hell or high water, going to lead them to that predetermined conclusion. You would think in an investigation of this magnitude they would follow the leads and let the evidence take them wherever it may go."
The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages and says that Butler's arrest was based largely on the false statements that detectives and federal agents obtained from Butler's friends during lengthy interrogations.
Federal authorities subsequently charged several of those people with perjury for allegedly lying to a federal grand jury.
After Butler was set free two years ago, U.S. Attorney Richard S. Hartunian's office issued a statement that did not explain why the charges were dropped, citing only the "unusual and complex facts, including information regarding the involvement of others."
No one else was charged in connection with starting the Hulett Street blaze.
Three months ago, Brian Fish and Richard Ramsey, who were both acquaintances of Butler's, were charged with perjury in connection with the bungled investigation. Jennica Duell, the mother of the children who were killed, also was convicted of lying to a federal grand jury. Duell, who was with Butler on the night of the fire, was sentenced to more than 11 years in federal prison.
Like two of the others charged with perjury, Duell gave a detailed statement claiming she and Butler and two other men drove from Saratoga Springs to Schenectady in a borrowed car that night and that she stood by and watched as Butler set fire to the residence where her children were sleeping.
In the wake of the blaze, Duell admitted to the Times Union that she lied to police when she implicated Butler — and herself — in the fatal arson. She said she lied under duress because police threatened to take away her daughter who survived.
The blaze began when someone doused a stairwell of the two-family residence with gasoline and set it afire. Terry was trapped upstairs with the four children.
In an interview with the Times Union in March 2014, Leon denied involvement in the fire but acknowledged having a grudge with Terry, who was planning to marry Leon's ex-girlfriend. He told the newspaper that he initially lied to detectives and his friends when he told them he wasn't at the scene of the fire because he was concerned people would think he was involved.
blyons@timesunion.com • 518-454-5547 • @brendan_lyonstu
MINORITY VOTE: Only 16% of respondents strongly agreed that bikie gangs were a major threat.
MINORITY VOTE: Only 16% of respondents strongly agreed that bikie gangs were a major threat. File
THE Queensland Government has failed to convince most Queenslanders of the threat posed by outlaw motorcycle gangs, according to an exclusive survey.
Of more than 1700 respondents, 60% believed stronger laws were needed to combat serious crime.
But only a quarter believed the state's new anti-bikie laws were necessary, and 58% strongly disagreed with them.
>> Police Minister responds to survey with denial
Some 16% of respondents strongly agreed that bikie gangs were a major threat to the community and another 13% agreed.
Forty-two per cent strongly disagreed with that idea, while 53% either disagreed or strongly disagreed that motorcycle gangs were behind major drug and crime operations.
In a slap in the face for Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie, just 15% of respondents strongly agreed with his approach to law and order issues, and a further 9% agreed.
By comparison, 54% of respondents strongly disagreed with his approach and another 13% disagreed with it.
There was strong support for keeping the government and the judiciary separate, with 71% strongly supportive and another 19% agreeing.
Respondents to the survey made it clear that they wanted tougher action against sex offenders, with closer monitoring favoured by a large majority.
A massive 92% favoured a more stringent regime for sex offenders, with 65% strongly agreeing with a tougher approach.
Most people in the community do not agree with the notion that crime in their community is getting worse.
Just 29% felt that crime was becoming worse in their neighbourhoods, including 9% who strongly agreed.
More than a third of people, however, disagreed with the notion that crime was worsening.
Sending offenders to jail was considered by 50% of survey participants to be an effective way to combat crime.
Some 42% of respondents thought more hoons' cars should be crushed, while 59% either agreed or strongly agreed that police should target traffic offences.
Robbie Fowler: Applied for Leeds job
Former Leeds, Liverpool and England striker Robbie Fowler has applied for the vacant manager's job at Elland Road, according to Sky sources.
Fowler, 39, made his name at Liverpool, scoring 183 goals in 369 appearances before Leeds paid £12million for his services in 2001.
Injury problems hampered the remainder of his career as he spent three years at Manchester City, briefly returned to Anfield and played sporadically for Cardiff and Blackburn before leaving England for Australia in 2009.
Successful spells with North Queensland Fury and Perth Glory preceded a 2011 switch to Muangthong United in Thailand, where he soon graduated to a player-coach role in the wake of Henrique Castilo's sacking.
Fowler returned to England and, having failed to agree terms on a playing contract at Blackpool in 2012, was interviewed for the Macclesfield Town job in May 2013 before the club opted to keep faith with caretaker boss John Askey.
Elland Road giants Leeds have been on the lookout for a new manager since chairman Massimo Cellino opted to sack David Hockaday last week.
Neil Redfearn and Steve Clarke are currently favourites in Sky Bet's next Leeds manager odds, with Fowler considered a 10/1 chance.
The main conclusion of this note is that $120 oil would have profound negative effects on the world economy and global financial markets. ... Such oil prices would almost certainly precipitate a global recession.
The scenario is not identical to the present situation, Wescott's terrorism induced $120 involves a rapid spike upwards however the analysis is based on the $120 price being sustained for a year. This long term high price is similar to today's situation.
The most interesting chart from the report shows world oil expenditure as a percentage of world GDP:
Wescott points out that historically this metric has been in the range of 1-3% and recessions have occurred when the expenditure exceeded 4%. $120 represents approximately 8% of world GDP, higher than at any time in modern history. Two studies are cited: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) suggesting a $5 increase cuts world GDP by 0.3% so it follows that the $60 to $120 doubling would reduce world GDP by 3.6% and the US Federal Reserve estimates that a $20 increase reduces GDP by 0.75%, which would result in a loss of 2.3% from the increase to $120.
With world GDP growth averaging 3.5% over the last 30 years we are clearly in the ball park of a global recession due to oil price, before even considering today's other difficulties in the credit and housing markets.
Wescott associated $120 oil with $5 a gallon gasoline in the US and $8-9 a gallon in Europe. In April 2008 the average price of a US gallon of regular petrol in the UK was $7.98 (April '08 national average 108.1p/litre and assuming £1 = $1.95). In the US a gallon is $3.61 (EIA). How has he managed to be right on one count but off when it comes to the US? Current retail prices lag the oil price by several weeks and with low taxation the US price is more sensitive to changes in the oil price. Prolonged $120 oil is certain to increase today's US price by a larger proportion than the European price.
Wescott forecast that inflation would rise from 2-3% to 6-8% and that interest rates would increase to combat this pressure. It was noted that as growth slows the reverse decision may be taken to ease credit conditions. We seem to have skipped the first stage of increased interest rates and moved straight to cuts, in an attempt to break the “credit crunch”.
Whilst a radical claim two years ago $120 now seems conservative. This week we have two new forecasts; in a major departure from previous downward predictions Daniel Yergin of CERA is now suggesting $150 this year and Goldman Sachs are talking about $200 within the next six-months to two years.
In conclusion, Wescott's paper makes some interesting observations and we seem to be on the trajectory he identified. However three things are tempering reality against the scenario presented:
the value of the dollar has decreased somewhat so today's $120 is not as high in comparable terms as Wescott's
the rise from $60 to $120 has been a steady climb rather than the abrupt terrorism induced shock and
we are yet to experience the full year of $120 that the report assumes.
The core prediction is one of global recession, history suggest that and whilst the Wall Street Journal article didn't use the 'r' world this paragraph requires little further analysis:
So here's the contrast we'll see in 2014. House Republicans are preparing to try to pass another Paul Ryan budget as a blueprint for their campaigns. Senate Dems will counter by trying to pass the minimum wage hike, and campaigning on that and other policies as their 2014 blueprint.
Of course, a real Congressional debate over raising the minimum wage is probably impossible, given GOP control of the House.
In that context, AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka has an idea: How about a high profile debate over the minimum wage outside of Congress, one that puts the broader ideological contrast at the heart of the issue on display before the country?
Trumka has sent a letter to tea party chieftain Jim DeMint — who also heads the Heritage Foundation — inviting him to debate the minimum wage in a time and place of DeMint's choosing. DeMint was selected because he is one of the most prominent tea partyers in the country and has favored doing away with the federal minimum wage entirely.
“On behalf of the twelve and a half million men and women of the AFL-CIO, I would like to invite you to join me to participate in a public forum on the minimum wage,” Trumka writes in the letter. “It is clear that the AFL-CIO and the Heritage Foundation have starkly contrasting opinions on this crucial issue. I think that the public would find an in-depth conversation between the two of us to be illuminating about what is at stake for our nation.”
But according to Josh Goldstein, a spokesman for the AFL-CIO, DeMint's office has said he doesn't have the time to do the debate. Goldstein adds that the AFL-CIO told DeMint's staff that Trumka would be happy to do this wherever and whenever DeMint wants to, but to no avail. Now the AFL-CIO will seek to draw attention to DeMint's unwillingness to debate, with a new Facebook page and other social media, as a way of making the broader point that even those who are most ideologically committed to opposing the federal minimum wage know it is a very hard position to defend.
The larger context here is that the House GOP may not even allow a vote on a minimum wage hike, should it clear the Senate when it is voted on next month (which is itself uncertain, because Senate Republicans are expected to filibuster it). And at bottom, this is an issue that really underscores that the agenda of the Congressional GOP is far more reflective of the economic worldview of tea party Republicans such as DeMint than it is of the worldview of non-tea party Republicans. Recent polls have shown that only tea party Republicans oppose the minimum wage hike, while non-tea party Republicans actually are in line with majorities of the American people, and support it. But the latter's priorities just aren't reflected to anywhere near the same degree by the Congressional GOP.
* GOP TO DOUBLE DOWN ON RYAN FISCAL BLUEPRINT: Meanwhile, even as Republicans prepare to sink the minimum wage hike, the Wall Street Journal reports that House Republicans will introduce a budget in coming weeks that sticks to the recent sequester replacement compromise's spending levels for 2015 but still seeks to balance the budget in 10 years. Note this:
As it did last year, the budget would likely assume a repeal of the 2010 health law and allow the GOP to say it has a plan to balance the budget in the next decade, both core principles for the midterms. The strategy isn't without political risk. This spring's House GOP budget would have to propose spending cuts deeper than the previous blueprint, to make up for a gloomier economic forecast from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
Ryan's previous budgets already included extremely draconian cuts to programs for low income Americans; now, since there's no chance Republicans will agree to new revenues, the cuts would presumably have to be even deeper, even as Republicans are trying to demonstrate newfound concern over poverty.
* BUT ERIC CANTOR IS SOFTENING GOP'S IMAGE: Related to the above: Robert Costa has an interesting look at how Eric Cantor is trying to push the House GOP caucus to adopt more centrist positions on various issues, from cancer research to fighting poverty. Key:
He has maneuvered behind the scenes to push House Republicans toward an eventual floor vote on a plan to legalize certain illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children.
Keep in mind, this would only be a vote on the DREAMers. There's still no vote in sight on any GOP plan to do anything about the 11 million. Yet even this is held up as evidence of a “softening” effort. And of course the House GOP continues to oppose both the minimum wage hike and the latest Senate compromise to extend unemployment benefits.
* NATE SILVER: GOP SLIGHTLY FAVORED TO RETAKE SENATE: Nate Silver's latest Senate race rankings are out, and he finds Republicans slightly favored to win the Senate majority this fall. He points to many familiar factors: the national environment favoring Republicans and a map on which Dems are widely on defense because of their unusually strong performance in 2008. Here's the crux:
Republicans have great opportunities in a number of states, but only in West Virginia, South Dakota, Montana and Arkansas do we rate the races as clearly leaning their way. Republicans will also have to win at least two toss-up races, perhaps in Alaska, North Carolina or Michigan, or to convert states such as New Hampshire into that category. And they'll have to avoid taking losses of their own in Georgia and Kentucky, where the fundamentals favor them but recent polls show extremely competitive races.
Giving Republicans four seats right up front, either they will have to win two out of three remaining red state battlegrounds, or, if they seriously put states outside the core red seven in play, they'll have to win two out of many more. Of course, a surprise Dem pickup in Georgia or Kentucky makes the road to a majority steeper.
* BUT SEVEN MONTHS REMAIN UNTIL ELECTION DAY: Also note this cautionary note from Silver:
There are still more than seven months for news events to intervene and affect the national climate. There are 10 races that each party has at least a 25 percent chance of winning, according to our ratings. If Republicans were to win all of them, they would gain a net of 11 seats from Democrats, which would give them a 56-44 majority in the new Senate. If Democrats were to sweep, they would lose a net of just one seat and hold a 54-46 majority. So our forecast might be thought of as a Republican gain of six seats — plus or minus five. The balance has shifted slightly toward the GOP. But it wouldn't take much for it to revert to the Democrats, nor for this year to develop into a Republican rout along the lines of 2010.
Plus the coming GOP primaries will decide whether Dems are facing quality establishment-preferred GOP candidates or tea party Republicans who could fumble winnable races (though this is factored into Silver's model). Bottom line: Certainly the fundamentals for are very bad for Dems, but there's a long, long way to go.
* DEMS HIT BACK AT SILVER: The DSCC is out with a new memo strongly disputing Silver's findings, citing the fact that Silver gave very slim odds to four Dems who won in 2012 and 2010, noting:
“All four are senators today because they were superior candidates running superior campaign organizations who made their elections a choice between the two candidates on the ballot…We don't minimize the challenges ahead…Rather, we view the latest projection as a reminder that we have a challenging map and important work still to do in order to preserve our majority.”
The key here is that Dems recognize the need to offset the national environment — and Obama's unpopularity — by turning these races into choices between two candidates and building huge turnout operations to compensate for the “midterm drop-off” turnout problem Dems face among core voter groups.
* WATCH THE NORTH CAROLINA GOP SENATE PRIMARY: Bloomberg reports that Republicans in Washington are becoming increasingly “unnerved” by the ongoing GOP primary battle between establishment favorite Thom Tillis and tea partyer Greg Brannon. It looks like a runoff is increasingly likely, which could mean national conservative groups could get involved for the tea partyer in the runoff.
What's more, it would also mean the GOP's nominee won't be decided until July and could be left in a weakened state in a general election that may be central to GOP hopes for a majority.
* THE GOP AS PARTY OF PLUTOCRATS: Paul Krugman takes stock of new scholarship that shows that wealth is getting increasingly concentrated in the hands of an extremely powerful “oligarchy,” and notes that this has a direct impact on our politics:
In 1979 the top 1 percent of households accounted for 17 percent of business income; by 2007 the same group was getting 43 percent of business income, and 75 percent of capital gains. Yet this small elite gets all of the G.O.P.'s love, and most of its policy attention. Why is this happening? Well, bear in mind that both Koch brothers are numbered among the 10 wealthiest Americans, and so are four Walmart heirs. Great wealth buys great political influence — and not just through campaign contributions. Many conservatives live inside an intellectual bubble of think tanks and captive media that is ultimately financed by a handful of megadonors. Not surprisingly, those inside the bubble tend to assume, instinctively, that what is good for oligarchs is good for America.
This is what the Dem attacks on the Koch brothers are meant to dramatize. Also see E.J. Dionne on how the Koch-funded Americans for Prosperity's attacks on Obamacare are really about turning Americans against the great social insurance achievements of Democrats in the 20th Century.
What else?
Caspar Bowden, who played a central role in defining and defending digital privacy for two decades, has died from cancer. Appropriately enough for someone who devoted himself to defending people's right to a personal sphere, little about his own private life has been reported in the media. That stands in stark contrast to his work, which is widely known and respected.
In 1998, Bowden co-founded and became the first director of the Foundation for Information Policy Research (FIPR), one of the leading Internet policy think-tanks in the UK. In 2000, he won a "Winston" award for his efforts to protect personal privacy—given alongside the Big Brother awards for those who had done most to threaten it. Bowden's award was for "building an anti-RIP movement," a reference to the UK's Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act—better known as "RIPA"—passed that year. RIPA is now widely recognised as deeply flawed, but this was obvious to Bowden 15 years ago.
Between 2002 and 2011, he worked for Microsoft, giving advice on privacy to Microsoft's national technology officers in 40 countries. However, he soon came to see Microsoft as a threat to privacy. As he told The Guardian in 2013, "I don't trust Microsoft now."
As a result, Bowden shifted to using entirely open-source software and stopped using a mobile phone, well before Snowden revealed they were vulnerable to surveillance. In an important 2012 report co-written by Bowden, the advocate pointed out that the NSA was permitted by US law to spy on everyone outside the US. After Snowden confirmed these fears in June 2013, Bowden wrote another detailed report for the European Parliament in which he analysed the impact of NSA surveillance on European citizens' rights.
From then until his death, Bowden was a tireless defender of such rights. He was on the board of directors of Tor, and he spoke frequently at conferences and before government committees warning of the gravity of the threat the newly-revealed bulk surveillance represented to fundamental liberties. His death is a great loss to the privacy and digital rights worlds where he was such an major and much-loved figure, as can be gauged by the outpouring of sorrow on Twitter as word of his passing spread.
Unfortunately, it's not too terribly surprising that diseases of the developing world don't attract as much research attention as diseases common in wealthier countries. However, a new study not only underscores that trend, it actually found zero relationship between global disease burden and health research.
Designed to identify the reasons behind global health research disparities, the study compared the global disease burden (defined as healthy life years lost to disease or disability) of 111 diseases against relevant research articles using data from the World Health Organization and the National Library of Medicine's biomedical journal database. From the outset, the researchers wrote that they expected to find only a weak association. But they were surprised to find no relationship at all, said lead author James Evans, director of the Knowledge Lab at the University of Chicago and an associate professor of sociology. And for randomized controlled trials and animal model studies, a higher global need was actually associated with less global research.
“We have an interest in not just thinking about global health as the ultimate outcome, but an intermediate outcome of more global health knowledge. …We need more information. We may think we know everything, but we don't know how to treat (these diseases) in resource-poor environments,” Evans told me. “My hope is that (our findings) will fuel an already existing movement to support population health and global health initiatives.”
The study, published in the April edition of PLOS ONE, found that cancers, skin diseases and endocrine disorders, such as diabetes, are over-represented in research considering their burden; whereas, infectious parasitic disorders, respiratory infections and perinatal conditions were under-represented relative to their effect on human health. In addition to examining the relationship between burden and research, the study also considered the global market for treatment. In that case, researchers found that for every $10 billion lost to a disease or disability, the number of research articles on the disease in question rose between 3 and 5 percent.
At a local level, however, the picture is a bit different. Locally, disease burden did make a difference on research. The study found that for each 10 million disability-adjusted life years lost to a disease within a country, the number of articles published by researchers also within that country went up by nearly 74 percent. Authors Evans, Jae-Mahn Shim and John Ioannidis write that this finding “suggests that whether or not researchers and funding agencies factor global health needs into their research, the influence of local needs exerts much more influence on their work.”
So, if researchers tend to focus on diseases that they know — diseases that affect their communities — what does that mean for countries without the capacity to conduct health research? Evans and his colleagues point out that there are “striking disparities” in global health research capacity, with wealthier countries conducting the most research. Adding to the challenge is that even though some research, such as cancer research, is relevant to people in wealthy and impoverished countries, its translation into effective practice within a resource-poor environment is still missing. The study authors write:
Ultimately, this article stresses that poor populations are in double jeopardy: they experience the greatest health burdens but their diseases have been studied least and even researchers from wealthy countries often lack secure knowledge for context-relevant treatments. …A growing collection of related findings have been framed as evidence that biological factors play a role in health disparities, but they also implicate the differential relevance of health knowledge produced by biomedical research for the health of different groups. In short, the same care may not always be equal. In this way, the inequality of biomedical research that our analysis demonstrates likely understates its true inequality.
“We've been engaged in health extension and translation, in sending over physicians for a long time…and certainly that's a good thing,” Evans told me. “But there's diminishing returns to that strategy. So, I'd place my next dollar in actually helping to create and bolster a research environment in those countries.”
Of course, developing biomedical research capacity in impoverished countries is an enormous undertaking. In response, Evans said supporting a regional approach could reap some of the most effective outcomes.
“Countries that are relatively more wealthy in these regions that already have existing research infrastructures in place are where I'd place my bets, as their research would be most relevant to their neighbors,” he said. “So supporting the extension of research not just from Philadelphia, but from South Africa, from Kenya to their neighbors would provide greater returns.”
To read the full study, visit PLOS ONE.
Kim Krisberg is a freelance public health writer living in Austin, Texas, and has been writing about public health for more than a decade.
Drew Barrymore has a new show coming to Netflix on February 3 called Santa Clarita Diet. Exactly what type of diet that title refers to had previous been a mystery. Now we know it refers to human flesh.
USA Today reveals that the show is actually about Barrymore's character dying and slowly developing a taste for human flesh, all while maintaining her relationship with her husband and daughter, and keeping up with her suburban Californian real estate business.
Advertisement
But, this is not merely a horror show. Horror is just one aspect of it.
“There's a real optimism to the show,” Barrymore told the paper. “I don't want to watch a show about a couple fighting and falling apart, I can't handle it right now. It's not heavy, but it's not lacking in a sort of sweetness, if you will. But it's also got bite and backbone and balls.”
Timothy Olyphant (Justified) plays Barrymore's husband, and Nathan Fillion (Firefly, Castle) is a rival agent. The show was created by Victor Fresco, who also did the similarly offbeat Better Off Ted for ABC and Andy Richter Controls the Universe for Fox.
Advertisement
A Drew Barrymore dark comedy in which she plays a zombie mother? That sounds pretty wonderful to us.
Ten episodes of the Santa Clarita Diet will come to Netflix February 3.
[USA Today]
Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders
Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., gestures towards Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton during the NBC, YouTube Democratic presidential debate at the Gaillard Center, Sunday, Jan. 17, 2016, in Charleston, S.C. (AP Photo/Mic Smith)
(Mic Smith)
FLINT, MI - Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will come to Flint for a debate March 6 as the city remains in the midst of an ongoing water crisis.
The Democratic National Committee announced the Flint debate, and three others, Wednesday, Feb. 3. It came on the heels of state and federal officials' testimony to a U.S. House Committee on the city's water crisis.
"America has witnessed the man-made public health disaster inflicted upon the city of Flint, and we applaud Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders for their efforts to shine a light on the crisis, especially when our Republican governor has done everything he can to keep Michigan's citizens in the dark," said Michigan Democratic Party Chair Brandon Dillon. "Holding a presidential debate in Flint will bring further into focus the issues faced by working families here in Michigan and around the country."
Dillon said officials were still working to finalize a location for the debate, which is scheduled two days prior to the state's primary vote.
The Clinton campaign called for a debate Jan. 30 in the city that is currently in the national spotlight due to its water crisis.
"We should use the spotlight of the presidential campaign to keep the focus on Flint, and to lift up the historic underlying issues that Flint and too many other predominately low-income communities of color across America are struggling with every day," Clinton campaign chair John Podesta said.
The announcement of a debate in Flint comes after a tight race in Iowa that saw Clinton barely defeat Sanders for the first contest of the 2016 race. Both candidates have made comments on the Flint water situation during the race.
Sanders has gone as far as to call for Gov. Rick Snyder to resign over the city's water crisis.
"There are no excuses. The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's water. He did nothing. As a result, hundreds of children were poisoned. Thousands may have been exposed to potential brain damage from lead. Gov. Snyder should resign," said Sanders in a statement on his website.
Clinton previously discussed the water issue during a debate in Charleston, S.C., and penned an op-ed for MSNBC.
"What's happening in Flint, Michigan, is unconscionable." Clinton wrote. "A city of 99,000 people -- 56 percent African-American, 40 percent living below the poverty line -- has spent nearly two years with poisoned water. Nearly two years of boil orders, foul smells and false reassurances that the water was safe to drink."
More than 100 people left Flint Tuesday by bus to head to the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for Wednesday's hearing about Flint's water crisis.
U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee told the committee that the state of Michigan is ultimately responsible for elevated levels of lead in the city's water.
Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Maryland, said that Democrats on the committee signed a document demanding that its Republican chair order Gov. Rick Snyder to testify in front of it.
Cummings, the committee's ranking member, said he requested Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, to order Snyder's presence and documents related to the crisis. However, he claims the chair declined.
Snyder was in Flint Wednesday to announce $30 million for future credits to residents' water bills.
"One of the things I've heard the feedback and one of the reasons to do this announcement today is because of the great concern and attention to water bills in this community," Snyder said. Snyder said in Flint that he would "seriously look at" testifying before Congress on the Flint water crisis.
The relief Snyder announced would be credited on future bills, potentially by June. Snyder said the amount would represent approximately 65 percent of residents' water bills, not counting the sewer portion of their amounts.
The city is in the national spotlight after elevated blood lead levels were discovered in some Flint children after the city changed its water source from Lake Huron water purchased from the Detroit water system to the Flint River in April 2014, a decision made while the city was being run by a state-appointed emergency manager.
State regulators never required that the river water be treated to make it less corrosive, causing lead from plumbing and pipes to leach into the water supply.
Even though the city reconnected to the Detroit water system in October, local and state officials have warned pregnant women and young children against using the water unless it has been tested because lead levels continue to exceed what can be handled by a filter.
Gary Ridley can be reached at 810-280-9516. You can also follow him on Twitter @GaryRidley or on Facebook.
Those of you of a certain age will remember Star Wars… not the movies (though you probably remember those pretty well, too) but the Reagan-era space weapons program that took its name from them. And maybe you remember 2008's brief spate of chest-thumping from the US and China as they demonstrated their abilities to destroy satellites using missiles launched from Earth.
Well, the Obama administration is putting orbital warfare back on the agenda, but in a slightly more positive way – namely by reversing the Bush administration's previous refusal to discuss potential arms control measures against the weaponisation of near-Earth space. It's a fine gesture, but there's a problem – in that swords and ploughshares are very hard to tell apart in this particular domain. Think of it, perhaps, as a nation-state scale version of the street finding its own use for things.
“Dual-use technology will hugely complicate the issue of agreements,” says Joan Johnson-Freese of the US Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island. For example, missiles that can shoot down other missiles to shield a country from attack could also be used to destroy a satellite in space. Indeed, there is “no fundamental difference” between the missiles used in each application, says Ray Williamson of the Secure World Foundation (SWF) in Washington DC. […] Other double-edged swords are satellites designed to autonomously navigate their way to the vicinity of another satellite in space, a technology that the US demonstrated by flying a mission called XSS-11 in 2005. A country could use such technology to inspect and repair one of its own malfunctioning satellites or to grab it and drag it into the atmosphere to dispose of it without adding to space junk. But the technology could also be used to interfere with or damage another country's satellite, says Brian Weeden of SWF. “If you can remove a piece of debris from orbit, then if you really wanted to you could probably remove an active satellite maliciously,” he says. “The rendezvous technology is spreading to a lot of places, because people are seeing economic incentive in on-orbit servicing.”
So, how to prevent warfare in orbit? Call in the lawyers and policy wonks!
“I think the key is in trying to constrain behaviours rather than capabilities, because the capabilities are not going to be constrained,” says Krepon. So even if missile interceptors themselves remain legal, an agreement could outlaw their use in tests that destroy satellites. To deal with the issue of malicious satellites with autonomous rendezvous technology, spacefaring nations might agree to a code of conduct requiring a country to provide advance notice if it expects one of its satellites to closely approach one belonging to another country.
Lots of sensible and noble thinking going on there… but as with all such agreements, the end result is rather dependent on there being no nation-state (or corporation, or other entity) that's willing to risk international opprobrium by breaking the rules (O HAI, North Korea!). It's not too big a deal at the moment, perhaps, but if (as seems likely) we start finding good ways to get valuable resources from beyond the gravity well, the economic incentives for playing it fast and loose in Satellite Town will become a whole lot stronger. (Always assuming, of course, that more immediate and mundane economic concerns don't distract us from peering at the stars from our vantage point in the gutter, so to speak.)
Also worth remembering that there is a genuine need for destructive intervention in orbit; remember us mentioning the rogue zombiesat that no one could switch off? Still wandering about up there, apparently.
President Obama in 2010, carrying out a deviously complex, long-term plan to eliminate political opposition. Photo: Win McNamee/2010 Getty Images
Conservatives who loathe or fear Donald Trump have a tendency to depict the Republican front-runner as a reflection not of the party whose heart he is winning but the party that loathes him uniformly. To the burgeoning genre of conservative analyses attributing Trump's rise to things conservatives already hate, National Journal's Josh Kraushaar adds the passage of Obamacare:
Ima­gine, for a mo­ment, the state of the 2010 midterms without Obama­care in the equa­tion. Re­pub­lic­ans would have run against the stag­nant state of the eco­nomy with some suc­cess. But without the gal­van­iz­ing op­pos­i­tion to Obama's health care law—Re­pub­lic­ans net­ted a whop­ping 63 House seats that year—Demo­crats would likely have nar­rowly kept con­trol of Con­gress, and con­tin­ued to press for­ward with Obama's agenda. There would be tea-party-aligned Re­pub­lic­ans elec­ted, but ab­sent the wave, not enough to form the con­cer­ted op­pos­i­tion that emerged. … With in­tensi­fy­ing en­ergy on the Right, the biggest polit­ic­al threat to mem­bers emerged from with­in their own party, and they ad­ap­ted ac­cord­ingly.
Long story short, by shepherding a major social reform that has cut the uninsured rate in half while coming in well below its projected costs and bringing health-care inflation down to its lowest rate in recorded history, Obama angered Republicans, forcing them to nominate an ignorant, bigoted clown.
Of course, one might just as easily follow this historical analysis back to a different starting point. For instance, by successfully designing and implementing a reform that managed to bring down the uninsured rate in a market-friendly way that did not disrupt existing private insurance, Mitt Romney made it irresistibly tempting for Obama to follow his model. Romney is the one who paved the way for Trump!
But there is also another inescapable implication of Kraushaar's argument. Kraushaar has insisted many, many times that the law is a political debacle for Democrats, and even predicted in 2013 that Democrats in Congress would probably join with Republicans to repeal it. Kraushaar has also predicted that Republicans have an edge that should make them the natural favorites to win in November.
But now he is saying that Obamacare set in motion a series of events that will lead to Republicans nominating an unelectable buffoon who, as Kraushaar has also said, “could blow the party to smithereens.” Not only has the law proven a substantive triumph, but it has all but guaranteed the election of a Democratic successor to Obama (who otherwise would have lost) and possibly destroyed the opposition party. This law just keeps getting better.
One of FeedDemon's lesser-known features is its support for Media RSS thumbnails, which are used in a number of RSS feeds, including those from Flickr. When FeedDemon displays Media RSS feeds, it extracts the thumbnails and shows them in a banner along the top, like this:
Navigating to the full-size photo on Flickr's site is as simple as clicking one of these thumbnails.
FeedDemon also makes it very simple to subscribe to a Flickr feed for a specific tag. For example, to subscribe to a feed containing Flickr photos tagged "nature," just follow these steps:
Click "Subscribe" Instead of entering a URL, type nature (screenshot) Click Next Select "Flickr Photo" from the list (screenshot) Click Next Choose the folder to add the feed to, then complete the wizard
That's all there is to it. Here's a screenshot of FeedDemon which shows the Flickr feed we just added:
Bonus tip: This also works for YouTube feeds - just select "YouTube Video" instead of "Flickr Photo" in step 4.
These photos documented the discovery of the legendary tomb of Tutankhamun.
In 1907 George Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon, hired an Egyptologist and archaeologist Howard Carter, that he has directed excavations in the valley of the Kings.
Long searches have not brought results, finally, in 1922, Herbert said that the latest season of excavations of the finances and closes the project. Urgently needed breakthrough. Carter returned to the excavations in the previously abandoned spot. November 4, 1922, his team discovered carved into the rock step, and by the end of the next day dug up the ladder entirely. Carter telegraphed Lord Carnarvon, imploring him to come immediately. On November 26, Carter and Carnarvon opened a small hole in the corner of the door, standing at the end of the stairs. He lighted a candle and looked inside. “At first I could not see the flame of the candle flickered from a hot air escaped from the chamber. But as soon as my eyes adjusted to the light, slowly began to show the details of the room, strange animals, statues and gold – everywhere the glint of gold”. – Howard Carter.
Marriage equality for same-sex couples has come about partly through court decisions finding against states that have passed laws or constitutional amendments defining marriage as between one man and one woman.
In Arizona, the case was Majors v. Jeanes (formerly Majors v. Horne), which included seven couples and two widowed members of couples. One of the couples in the case was Kent Burbank and Vicente Talanquer, who had adopted two sons. Since Arizona did not allow two “unrelated” individuals to adopt jointly, only one of the fathers — Vicente — had been able to legally adopt. And when the couple was legally married in Iowa, that marriage was not recognized in Arizona, meaning that Kent still could not be a legal father to his sons. Only after the decision in Majors v. Jeanes on October 17, 2014, was he finally able to adopt his sons. His family is one of the first in Arizona in which both parents in a same-sex couple were legally able to adopt their children jointly.
“Vicente became the legal father. I had to, essentially, be nothing.”
Kent Burbank, who was once on the board of directors of Planned Parenthood Advocates of Arizona, agreed to share his experiences with the adoption process, the lawsuit, and his marriage. I was very interested in interviewing him: I am also an adoptive parent, and since I adopted as a single mom, mine was also viewed as a non-traditional adoption. As we talked, I found we had experiences in common, but that some of what we faced was quite different.
Our meeting took place at the library in downtown Tucson, on January 5, 2015.
Arizona only allowed husband and wife to adopt jointly. Is that why you got involved with the lawsuit?
Our primary purpose for joining the lawsuit, speaking just for my husband and I, was about getting the ability to have both of us recognized as legal parents. When we went through the adoption process we had to do everything that a married, heterosexual couple would have had to have done — background checks, lengthy histories on both of us, statements about why we both want to adopt — and at the very end they said, “Oh, so sorry. Arizona doesn't allow unmarried, gay couples to adopt.”
So single people can adopt, but only married people could adopt jointly. And since you weren't married, only one of you could adopt, despite both of you being co-parents.
It becomes kind of a flip of the coin. Vicente became the legal father. I had to, essentially, be nothing. What was so painful is, even though we went through the process as a couple, I had absolutely no rights up until we finally got the adoption redone, essentially making me an adoptive parent. You can't imagine the amount of crap that LGBT couples and families have to navigate. Who's on whose benefits and survivor benefits and health insurance and all sorts of things. Whether my children are going to be covered. There's only so much you can do with other legal documents to be able to protect yourself.
In the end, if Vicente and I had gotten into a horrible falling out, which fortunately never happened, and he chose to withhold the children from me, I would have no legal standing whatsoever. Or if he had died, and his family decided that they wanted the children, I would have been a stranger to those boys, legally. There's always been this worry in my mind with schools, with doctors, with anything, right? Because, legally, I wasn't the parent. You can't co-parent and then have one parent do all of the … everything that requires …
A signature.
Yeah. On international flights [to visit Vicente's family in Mexico City], there was always this fear like, what if, on the way back, immigration doesn't let us through and they insist on proof [of my status as parent]. What am I going to do? There's been times where I'd travel, Vicente would stay longer and I'd come back earlier with the boys, and I thought, “I'm going to be screwed,” like I am nothing, I'm legally nothing to these kids. You know?
There were legal complications with my son's case, so it was two-and-a-half years that he was my son before we were legal, and there is that feeling and I remember it.
It's a weird feeling, isn't it? Like you know you're the parent and you're doing all the parent things, and yet, there's just these moments where you're like, “Oh, crap …”
I had the ability to take him to the doctor and sign things at school and attend meetings and all that, but if somebody had questioned me along the way … Even if they had just to make a phone call to confirm it. It would have been so …
It's very painful. That's where the legal pieces are so important. It's a very vulnerable spot to be in. [If] something had happened to my partner, he could put in his will that he wants me to become the parent of the kids. They'd be the [wards] of the state the moment he died.
It made it very difficult for me to understand people's arguments against marriage equality when I saw that the only people it was seriously hurting were our kids. [The fact that only one of us could legally adopt our children] left them incredibly vulnerable and unprotected. If you have two parents, like we did, [but] one is not afforded any legal rights, it means those kids were not eligible for any of my social security benefits. If I had died, my children would not be eligible for survivor benefits. There are all sorts of legal protections that left my kids in a much more vulnerable spot than any other child with two parents. And that's not OK. For me, I became a little bit rabid in terms of fiercely fighting, because I felt like I was fighting for something that they deserved to have.
So where's the adoption now, legally?
It's legally finalized. We have birth certificates with both of our names on them for both of our children and it feels wonderful. People said, “How does it make you feel different?” I'm still the same parent doing 50 percent of the work and contributing 50 percent of the money and that hasn't changed. What changed is this huge weight off my back, this feeling of relief, of not constantly worrying about … When I take him to the doctor's office or when I sign them out at school or when I get on a plane, is somebody going to question [my relationship to my children].
How did it feel to be the public face of this issue, through your involvement with the lawsuit?
It felt a little strange, to be honest with you. On one hand, I'm very out. In a past life, I was the director of Wingspan, the LGBT community center [in Tucson]. So it wasn't that piece of it that felt strange, nor did it feel strange, necessarily, to be the face of an issue because I had to talk about a lot of issues when I was director.
The difference is when it's your personal family. And you're having to make decisions that affect your partner and your kids. There's been a lot of times where in the past we've opted not to do certain things just out of that sense of privacy and respect for our kids, but on this we thought it was really important. For the lawsuit they were looking for some very specific types of couples and single folks based on demographics and other characteristics, and we fit one of the profiles they needed. So we decided it was worth taking that step.
Were your children part of your wedding in Iowa?
It was a very simple ceremony. We hired a minister, went to a park in Des Moines, and it was just the four of us plus my parents, my sister and her kids [and] her husband. It was about 20 minutes, and [our children] were part of the ceremony, and they were asked whether they would support us in our marriage, as part of our family. It was much more meaningful and touching than I ever thought it would be. We'd been together at that point for 18 years, almost 19 years. [We thought] the marriage was less about us and it was more for the kids all along. But I'll be honest, exchanging vows, we were a mess, we were bawling the entire time. When something's felt like it would never happen and then it does, it was very emotional.
We decided to do it right after the Supreme Court came down with their decision that began this process where the federal government would have to recognize the marriages. So we decided at that point, even though Arizona doesn't recognize it, there's a legal reason to get married. It was one week after that decision came down we got married. That's when we figured out, “Oh, crap, we can't get divorced.” We got married in Iowa and you could get married in Iowa, but you could only get divorced if you lived in Iowa. We figured that out two days before the marriage and said, “Oh, what the hell, we've been together 20 years, not quite, but …”
The marriage has subsequently been recognized [in Arizona], when the 9th Circuit [Court of Appeals] made its ruling. All marriages, right now, whether they were performed outside of Arizona or in Arizona, are recognized in the state of Arizona. LGBT people [still] live in a little bit of limbo, constantly. Even with the latest ruling, we still don't have a crystal clear, definitive answer, right?
The Supreme Court will be deciding, won't they? They usually follow where most of the states go with social issues …
I don't think it's likely, but there is a chance that they could come down and say, “No, actually, the states can do what the heck they want.” In which case, we're going to be thrown back into legal limbo [with respect to our marriage].
And have you found support in places you wouldn't have expected?
I've been very amazed with how society's been changing and the support that comes from the wider heterosexual community. LGBT rights would not be where they are today if it were not for the fact that heterosexual people are standing up for our rights. I really think that's what's created this sea change, is that finally there are enough people that know gay people — if they're their brothers or their sisters or their fathers or their kids or their friends — that they changed attitudes, and by speaking up, they've made a difference. And we see that in our own families. My parents, when I came out to them, 25 years ago, it was difficult and painful and not fun and they struggled. And now they love our kids, treat them just like any other of their grandkids. We couldn't ask for anything more.
When I was at Wingspan, I never would have guessed that this soon there would have been this radical of a change [in public opinion regarding same-sex marriage]. I grew up in a time when it was very common for gay men to be equated with pedophiles. There are lots of gay men in my generation and older who shunned contact with children out of fear that we would be labeled as a pedophile. Because the connection in popular images and culture was so strong. I think there was a time where I was very concerned around that and distanced myself from kids. It was only at Wingspan where we had a youth program, and I had other friends that started looking at adopting and fostering. And I realized there's no reason I should shut this part of my life off.
Finally, do you have any Planned Parenthood stories?
I'm at a board meeting, and my oldest son is turning 12. I was saying, I'm dreading having the conversation with him about sex and sex education. All of a sudden, all heads turn to me, dead silence, and they're like, “You haven't had that conversation?” I'm as progressive as you can get and as open about talking sex. I have worked in this field for so long. But until you're a parent, you don't realize how awkward the conversation is. And as much as I had had lots of practice having public conversations about sexuality and sexual health, doing it in my personal life was very difficult.
Thank goodness I had those board members all looking at me in horror, because it spurred me to have this conversation. What I learned as a parent was it is much easier having that conversation pre-pubescence, or when they are at the very early stages of pubescence, because once he turned 13-and-a-half, forget it. The eye-rolling, the shutdown. You can't talk to an adolescent as a parent very effectively about sexual health and sexual well being, because they don't want to have those conversations with their parents. Where at 12, it was very easy. And then it was so much easier with my younger son. Were they thrilled with it? No. Was it embarrassing? No, it wasn't at that age. But if I had waited like I had planned, until they were teenagers, it would have been a disaster.
Planned Parenthood has always been a real ally of the LGBT community. When I was at Wingspan, [Planned Parenthood of Southern Arizona President] Patti Caldwell was one of the few [leaders of] nonprofits at that point that really went out of their way to make sure that they had our back. I really appreciated that unwavering support of LGBT issues among all the board members and the organization itself. Planned Parenthood really is about helping people think through parenthood and how to do it in responsible ways. Knowing all of the different options for how you can become a parent, and how to do parenting well is a big piece of it. It absolutely is important for LGBT folks. I really have this deep appreciation and gratitude to Planned Parenthood.
​Image: Flickr/Ivan David Gomez Arce
​The administrators of one of the darknet's the most popular markets for drugs and bespoke carjacking services may have just scammed its customers out of untold sums of money.
Evolution, the site in question, rose to prominence after the fall of Silk ​Road and its unassuming founder, Ross U​lbricht, with a promise of less fra​ud and greater trust due to its centralized "escrow" system. It was exactly this system that allowed the site's owners to make off with its users' bitcoin.
The escrow system means that Evolution's administrators must sign off on transactions before they go through, and the funds are held in escrow before they do. According to a post on the r/darknets​ subreddit made by a user named NSWGreat who claimed to have access to the site's back end, Evolution's administrators—Verto and Kimble—have shut down the market and taken everyone's funds stored in the market's "escrow" vaults.
This is a version of the "exit sca​m," a known darknet scam that involves a seller collecting a user's Bitcoin without mailing their packages and then disappearing without a trace.
"This may fuck my business pretty good"
If the Evolution administrators did scam the site's users, posts on Agora and Reddit indicate that the amount could be in the millions, with users having tens of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin in escrow.
"I am so sorry, but Verto and Kimble have fucked us all. I have over $20,000 in escrow myself from sales," wrote NSWGreat. "I can't fucking believe it, absolute scum. I am giving this warning to you all as soon as I possibly could of."
A similar sc​am was carried out at another one of Silk Road's successors, a market called Sheep, in 2013. Sheep administrators announced that the site had been robbed of bitcoin by a vendor, and shut itself down. Of course, there was no way of telling whether the site was really taken advantage of, or if the administrators hadn't taken off with the bitcoin themselves.
Although Evolution's forums are currently down—along with the site, lending weight to NSWGreat's claims—on the forum of Evolution's competitor market, Agora, users were upset. One vendor, TheRealNurseJoy, posted that they were "enthusiastically accepting donations since Evolution just stole a shite load of money" from them. Another vendor, Trust-In-Us, wrote, "Looks like I am out a good amount of money. This may fuck my business pretty good."
The responses from redditors ranged from shock and awe to bitter desperation. One user who claimed to have 50 bitcoin in escrow on Evolution, the equivalent of roughly $14,000, commented, "I OWE MONEY AND CANT PAY IF THIS IS TRUE. MY LIFES IN DANGER. PLEASE DONT BE TRUE PLEASE."
Some users were more skeptical, however, despite vendors claiming to be out Bitcoin and everyone has a general meltdown. The only solid proof, some redditors noted, was NSWGreat's word. When several users asked for screenshots or suggested that they would be nice to have, NSWGreat responded by saying they "don't take screenshots anyway."
Who you believe depends on who you trust, and on the darknet, trust matters more than you'd think.
There's no doubt President Obama's liberal supporters are worried by his lackluster performance in the Denver debate. “Everyone is in shock,” one show-business liberal told the Hollywood reporter. “No one can understand what happened.” The Obama faithful is offering the White House advice, talking points, pep talks — anything to improve the president's performance when he next faces Mitt Romney at Hofstra University on October 16.
But for some liberal writers, the concern goes deeper. Perhaps Obama's somewhat withdrawn demeanor at the debate was an indication that he doesn't even want a second term as president.
On the morning after the debate, The Atlantic ran an analysis headlined, “Snippy Obama, Whose Heart's Not In It.” Writer Garance Franke-Ruta suggested that Obama, as an unusually sensitive man, has been worn down by the presidency's demands of conducting war in Afghanistan and dealing with crises like the murder of a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans in Libya. “His supporters keep wanting Obama to be who he was in 2008,” Franke-Ruta wrote. “But that's not who he is anymore.” Obama's old enthusiasm for the job is simply gone.
Now, in the Daily Beast, liberal writer Michael Tomasky asks, “Does Obama Even Want to Win the Election?” After poor Obama showings at the debate, the Democratic convention, and a high-profile “60 Minutes” interview, Tomasky writes, “Someone needs to ask the cut-to-the-chase question: is he enthusiastic about keeping this job, or he is just maybe tired of being president?”
Perhaps he is. If so, there were certainly signs long before Wednesday night in Denver. A look at the president's career shows he has never stayed in a job four years without looking to move on to something better.
After a year or two as a community organizer, Obama became deeply frustrated by his inability to enact the kind of big changes in society that he wanted to see. He went to Harvard Law School to plug into the power structure that would help him make those changes in the future. Returning to Chicago three years later, he dabbled in the practice of law before winning a seat in the state Senate in 1996. But he became frustrated with the job almost immediately; according to a Washington Post profile, Obama began “chafing … at the limitations of legislating in Springfield.”
The easily-bored state legislator almost immediately began planning a run for the U.S. House in 2000 — which turned out to be his only losing campaign. Shortly thereafter, he set his sights on the U.S. Senate, winning in 2004.
But within a year after arriving in Washington in early 2005, Obama was restless again. According to the election account Game Change, in 2006 Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid “sensed [Obama's] frustration and impatience, had heard rumblings that Obama was already angling to head back home and take a shot at the Illinois governorship.”
“I know that you don't like it, doing what you're doing,” Reid told Obama, according to Game Change. Reid suggested Obama run for president instead. Soon Obama was doing just that.
Now Obama has been president for nearly four years. Aided by a huge Democratic majority from 2009 to 2011, he achieved some big things — massive stimulus, Obamacare, Dodd-Frank. He even won the Nobel Peace Prize, essentially for showing up. But he hasn't achieved, and won't achieve in four more years, the “fundamental transformation” of American society that he envisioned. And his entire career suggests that by now he should be angling for a bigger, better job. The problem is, there isn't such a position — and a second term in the same old job doesn't count. The chief benefit of winning re-election to a second term might simply be to avoid being labeled a loser, to avoid joining Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush as presidents who couldn't win a second time.
So if his liberal supporters sense signs of boredom and frustration in the president, they might be right. I wrote about this in a January 2010 column that began, “This is about the time Barack Obama becomes bored with his job.” Back then, he had just passed a year in office — about the time, in the past, that his restlessness and ambition began to kick in. Now, years later, the problem is only worse.
UPDATE: More, from the Guardian: “Has a disillusioned Barack Obama lost the will to win?”
The peanut butter sandwich is such an incredibly versatile thing. It can skew sweet with jam, decadent when coated with cornflakes and griddled, savory with pickles (yes we actually ate this and loved it) and now spicy, with the aid of one of our favorite condiments.
Sriracha, the famous chile and garlic sauce, has a pretty startling versatility of its own. In the last few years, it's been applied to everything from pho to ice cream sandwiches, and has even earned itself a cookbook. We're pretty adventurous eaters, and you know we like to experiment with flavor combinations in our kitchens -- which is why we are so surprised we didn't think of this earlier. Pete Holby of On Sandwiches made a peanut butter, Sriracha and green apple sandwich. Proof that it's real:
It seemed crazy at first, but this flavor combination totally makes sense. We've had and loved spicy peanut butter before, so why not tailor it to our own preferred spice level with Sriracha? Against the rich peanut butter and salty hot sauce, we bet the tart crispness of the green apple is a welcome addition. Okay, you've convinced us. We're going to try it. Get the Sriracha, Peanut Butter and Green Apple Sandwich recipe (plus five other takes on the peanut butter sandwich) from On Sandwiches.
ST. PETERSBURG — After another hour of unrewarded superior play, the Rowdies finally caught a break.
Joe Cole scored two goals, the first a deflected shot in the 61st minute, as the Rowdies bested Rayo OKC 2-0 before an announced crowd of 4,935 at Al Lang Stadium on Saturday. Georgi Hristov recorded both assists.
"Everybody and his dog could see our performance level has been very good," coach Stuart Campbell said. "It's nice to finally get the result that our performance deserved."
Cole's first goal came courtesy of a heady pass from Hristov, who appeared set for a longer cross but instead put the ball inside to Cole from the left wing.
Rayo defenders reacted as though they thought Cole was offside, but he went through with the play, quickly pivoting and firing a low shot that went off Rayo defender Futty Danso then slid in off the left post.
It ended a 317-minute scoreless streak for the Rowdies, who had lost five of their previous six.
"Sometimes it takes (a break), and you get a win, and your confidence builds," Cole said.
Tampa Bay (7-8-6) did not sit on the lead. In the 70th minute, midfielder Eric Avila, a creator throughout the evening, slotted a room-service ball to Hristov down the right flank. Hristov's shot was saved, but Cole was there for an uncontested rebound.
The Rowdies pulled within five points of the final playoff spot with 11 games left, as fourth-place Minnesota (32 points) was held to a 1-1 draw with Miami.
Cole, who has seven goals on the season, also had a missed penalty kick. Rayo goalkeeper Daniel Fernandes dove well to his left to stop Cole's 10th-minute effort, which looked like it might portend another night of Tampa Bay dominating play but getting a result that didn't reflect that.
"Horrible penalty," Cole said. "I changed my mind at the last minute. It summed up what the team had been, anxious in front of goal."
In the 50th minute, with the game scoreless, the Rowdies got a key reflect stop from Matt Pickens on one of the few dangerous Rayo chances. It was Rayo's only shot on target, compared to eight for the Rowdies, who held a 23-8 overall advantage on shots. "We finally got rewarded for our effort," Pickens said.
Tiffany Quinn
A GOAT was killed by being run over with a motorbike in the latest instance of animal cruelty in an area of west Dublin that's become knowN as "the killing fields".
The animal was discovered by members of an animal charity responding to reports of a malnourished horse.
"The poor goat was killed after being hit by a group of kids on motorbikes ... it was awful," one person said on social media.
The land in Clondalkin near the Fonthill Road has become known as the killing fields by locals due to the number of dead and wounded animals being found there.
Several dead cats and horses and fatally-wounded dogs have been discovered there in recent months.
Tiffany Quinn (inset) from the Lovely Horse Rescue charity was among the volunteers that found the goat's body on Thursday evening.
She said that there was a need for education about animal welfare, particularly for youngsters who own horses in disadvantaged areas.
"Our philosophy is that we work with people to prevent this kind of things from happening.
"We want to educate people that a horse isn't like a motorbike that can be ridden around and discarded whenever you're finished with it," Ms Quinn said.
"They have to be looked after and treated properly. They need proper food, water and nourishment, which they simply aren't getting from their owners," she added.
She said that many people that own horses do not mistreat their animals, but that some people feel they can keep horses in unsuitable conditions.
Idea
"This idea that people can keep a horse in a field, tie it to a pole and simply leave it there is just unacceptable.
"The more we reach out to younger people and show them that it isn't right, the more chance there is of stopping people from mistreating horses," Ms Quinn said.
Almost 1,000 horses were put down in all four Dublin authorities last year, at a cost of approximately €878,000.
Local authorities seized 1,022 horses in Dublin last year.
In total, 925 of these were put down - an increase of 38pc from 2013.
The authority with the highest number of horses seized was South Dublin County Council, which removed 469 animals from various estates.
Who would think that one of the best curators of underground music would be a network that specializes in cartoon shows for adults? We've always loved Adult Swim for shows like Aqua Teen Hunger Force and Superjail but we have to give it credit for its singles program: an annual event where the network gives away downloads of new singles from less-than-mainstream performers every week throughout the summer.
Now that Fall has officially begun and the last single was dropped on September 22, Music Times reflects on all 16 and ranks them accordingly. Don't take it too hard if your favorites finished closer to the back than to the front...the majority of these were well worth the download.
Editor's Note: We've tried as hard as possible to judge these pieces on audio quality alone, not for the awesome gif artwork that accompanied them on Adult Swim's site.
16) "Bigger Party" by Speedy Ortiz (07/14)
Speedy Ortiz, namely vocalist Sadie Dupuis, produces plenty of sharp, punchy lyrics and that tradition continues during the verses on "Bigger Party." Unfortunately it can't save the unfortunate hook" "I'm really sorry for the time I made out with all your friends/I really am a s--thead." If you can't figure out how to sing that smoothly, don't worry, neither can she. Head back to EP Real Hair for some better 2014 Speedy Ortiz listening.
15) "Want Me" by Machinedrum (06/16)
We kind of have an imaginary situation where this track would make sense as a soundtrack: Mario and Princess Peach meet at the beginning (or end) of some new Nintendo title and the princess laments the loss of passion between her and the plumber before breaking things off. If that description didn't do anything for you: Imagine the airy electric keyboards of the newer games compiled with glitchy drums and a voice clip repeating "back when you wanted me," and you'll have Travis Stewart's contribution to the Singles program.
14) "Amps, Drugs, Mellotron" by Tim Hecker (07/07)
Maybe we're just dark people but we were really stoked about Tim Hecker's 2013 album Virgins. So perhaps we were a little biased when "Amps, Drugs, Mellotron" turned out as cheery as it did. "Cheery" is a relative term of course and the track is certainly in the ambient line of work that we expect from the Quebecker but it was certainly a lot brighter than Virgins. We would have like to see this tune lengthened and developed a bit more but hey: That's what future record are for. We warn you in advance that the song doesn't really give off the vibe of "amps" or "drugs."
13) "Spooners" by Diarrhea Planet (08/04)
This is about as pop-punk as a band with four guitarists can get, we reckon. Or at least that's the opening of the song. The worst-named group on the planet has always been talented at making it sound like every one of those guitarists is in the studio at the same time but we gotta hand it to drummer Casey Weissbuch for sounding more powerful than any of them. When you play a minority instrument, you gotta do what you gotta do.
12) "Coupe" by Future (07/28)
The battle between quick two-seaters and fancy four-doors continues and Future is opting for the latter...at least for the moment. The quality of the rapper's Honest surprised us (at least this correspondent) and "Coupe" would fit right into the mix. It's got a darker beat in line with "Move That Dope" but far less domineering, as KaCe The Producer plinks at an electronic keyboard, a sound that keeps in theme with many of the singles program downloads. This is one song best experienced with the music video, which you can check out below:
11) "Atlanta" by Mastodon (ft. Gibby Haynes) (9/08)
If you predicted that Mastodon would come up with some absurd time signature or psychedelic concept for its homage to its (and Adult Swim's) home of Atlanta, you clearly didn't catch "Linoleum Knife," the band's contribution to Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters. Much like the aforementioned classic, "Atlanta" is straightforward yelling and riffing, with Brent Hinds and Bill Kelliher going shred-crazy toward the end. The Butthole Surfers' Gibby Haynes isn't from Georgia but he always makes just enough not-sense to appear in an Adult Swim promo.
10) "Drug Reference" by Oozing Wound (08/11)
Chicago thrash band Oozing Wound was described by The New Yorker as "happy to be a cheap imitation of Metallica and Slayer." That was meant in good humor but it's a tad unfair to compare a band with intentions such as Wound's to a group as straight-faced as Slayer. A more likely comparison point might be Municipal Waste, a Virginia thrash group hellbent on partying but hellbent nonetheless. Oozing Wound doesn't sing about World War I (a popular thrash theme we feel) but it has fun. A "fun imitation of Metallica and Slayer" sounds more accurate.
09) "My Darling Don't Cry" by Run The Jewels (09/15)
El-P's beat for "My Darling Don't Cry" takes the basic stomping bass approach of other recent RTJ single "Blockbuster Night Pt. 1" and mixes in footwork-style sampling to create a rhythm as attention-deficit-disordered as anything we'd expect from the emcee/producer. Killer Mike has been hot on what we've heard from the do so far as they build up to Run The Jewels 2 and we kind of wish he would get more mic-time here. We'd have to go back and measure the allotment each gets but it seems as though El dominates the track.
08) "The Clarity" by Sleep (07/21)
No track on this list has developed as many headlines as "The Clarity," which marked the first new track from stoner metal icons Sleep in nearly two decades. Matt Pike hasn't forgotten how to trudge through the sludge and shred later (no surprise to High on Fire fans) and justify his constant lack of a shirt, and Jason Roeder of Neurosis does right by Pike's playing with his own heavy hammering. The single approaches ten minutes in length but that's nothing on the band's last release, the hourlong song/album Dopesmoker.
07) "Cosplay" by Captain Murphy (08/18)
Flying Lotus (also known as Captain Murphy when rapping) was an obvious invite for the singles program, considering his hip-hop alias is presumably a reference to the network's classic Sealab 2021. The creepy witchcraft vocal opening sounds straight out of a Lotus record and the emcee is remarkably sincere in his hybridization of nerd culture and the hip-hop high life. "These ho's is zombies" he snarks before comparing his escapades with women to the titular costumed activities.
06) "Dust" by Destruction Unit (06/23)
Regardless of genre, there's a beauty in building up to a massive hook. Destruction Unit, back after its own lengthy hiatus, gets it. Things start out alright during "Dust" but rise to awesome-status with a wall of apocalyptic noise during the chorus. The noise stands for all the technical aspects of the shoegaze movement while vocalist Ryan Rousseau's vocals attacks everything that the genre stands for with his approach, if not with his lyrics.
05) "Lost Prophet Report" by Ka (09/22)
"Lost Prophet Report" sounds like a leftover from Ka's 2013 album The Night's Gambit, which is to say it sounds pretty damn good. The rapper is experiencing a surge, at least in terms of appreciation, after crossing the 40th birthday line. The themes are as dark as ever, featuring thick rhythm and a paranoia-inducing keyboard-line. The only one not scared is Ka, a prophet from the darkest corners of Brooklyn.
04) "From The Kettle Onto The Coil" by Deafheaven (08/25)
Many criticized Deafheaven—the creator of 2013's best album, Sunbather (by this writer's estimation)—for not being "real" black metal. The fact that the band was willing to play with other instruments and major keys was enough to turn off the fans of "pure" Norwegian stuff. Although "From The Kettle Onto The Coil" is still as big and experimental as the Sunbather session it still sounds a little more traditional compared to the standards. Things are dark throughout and vocalist George Clarke delves into the rasp-style snarls as well as the screams we've come to expect.
03) "Giorgio's Theme" by Giorgio Moroder (06/09)
If you weren't aware of Giorgio Moroder before, you sure did after listening to Daft Punk's Random Access Memories, which dedicates a whole song to an interview with the Italian synth-pioneer. He might not have come up with a snazzy title for his track but he brought so many layers of melody that we forgot to care. Approaching eight minutes without a single word spoken, Moroder's theme should serve as an inspiration to all EDM DJ's: You don't need a celebrity guest or vocal hook to keep us entertained.
02) "RP Technic" by RP Boo (09/01)
The Chicago footwork scene is experiencing a surge in popularity following the salutes to deceased producer DJ Rashad earlier this year. Here's another icon in the scene that you should experience while still alive: RP Boo employs adrenaline where others might call it rhythm. "RP Technic" (pronounced "technique") is a rapid-fire instrumental, detailing a soundcheck in the same way a squadron might prepare planes for warfare. Don't get comfortable. That's the point.
01) "Star Spangled" by Fatima al-Qadiri (07/04)
Jimi Hendrix is responsible for the most renowned adaptation of "The Star-Spangled Banner" but should he be? Did he ultimately change the song or merely interject some wicked guitar solos in between passages? We'll stop before your dad gets mad but Fatima al-Qadiri truly reimagines the national anthem to suit the style she laid out on her excellent 2014 release Asiatisch: lingering, minimalist synthesizers with lengthy gaps of silence, left as if to force us to contemplate their existence. Although many consider anything a note off of Francis Scott Key's original to be sacrilege, there is something strangely patriotic about al-Qadiri's rendition. Kuwaiti-born and New York-based...a fairly American tale.
Back in May, the NFL announced that their YouTube channel will be uploading three classic games for each NFL team and we asked you which Bengals games you wanted to see. The responses were mixed, but there were a few particular games that stood out.
The Bengals have also been gathering ideas based on what the fans would like to see and are now giving them a direct opportunity to choose which games will go up on YouTube. If you want a say, you can go to the poll currently up on the Bengals' Facebook page and cast your vote for any of these memorable classic games.
2015: Week 5 - Bengals vs Seahawks
This game might only be less than a year old, but it was by far one of the most exciting games in Bengals history. The Bengals headed into the week with a 4-0 record, but there were a lot of questions about how impressive that was due to the fact that they had only played the Raiders, Chargers, Ravens, and Chiefs, all of whom didn't have stellar records at that point of the season. However, the team silenced those criticisms as they put together a 17 point comeback in the fourth quarter against the reigning NFC Champs.
1988: AFC Championship Game - Bengals vs Bills
There was some fear that two of the Bengals' three classic games would be their Super Bowl losses to the 49ers, both of which were heartbreaking experiences for Bengals fans. But, instead, two of the options are celebrating the Bengals' getting to the Super Bowl in the first place. In 1988, the Bengals put together an NFL leading offense that was heavily criticized (and later stolen) by Bills head coach Marv Levy. But, the Bengals stuck to their guns and easily got past the Bills with a score of 21-10.
2000: Week 8 - Bengals vs Broncos
The year 2000 wasn't exactly the most exciting time to be a Bengals fan. But, October 22, 2000 was a pretty great day. The Bengals recorded one of their four wins in 2000 against the Broncos that day with the help an absolutely amazing performance from Corey Dillon, who set the single game franchise rushing record with 278 yards. It wasn't a great game for Akili Smith, who was benched for Scott Mitchell, but the Bengals won in dazzling fashion, giving fans a reason to smile in an otherwise abysmal year.
1981: AFC Championship Game - Bengals vs Chargers
The 'Freezer Bowl' is known in most NFL circles as the coldest game in NFL history with a wind chill of -59 °F. Among Bengals fans, it's also known as one of the most memorable games in franchise history. The Bengals' defense absolutely stifled the Chargers' future Hall of Famer studded offense, while the Bengals' offense put up an impressive 27 points in the frigid temperatures. They won and received their first Super Bowl berth in franchise history.
2003: Week 11 - Bengals vs Chiefs
Although 2003 wasn't quite as bad as 2000 in terms of total wins, the Bengals were coming off a franchise worst 2-14 record in 2002 and went into Week 11 of 2003 with a losing record. At the time, the Chiefs were undefeated at 9-0, so the 4-5 Bengals were supposed to just roll over for them to continue their quest for perfection. Instead, Chad Johnson guaranteed the Bengals would win prior to the game... and they did. The Bengals jumped out to a 17-6 lead at the beginning of the fourth quarter on a Peter Warrick punt return touchdown and never let the Chiefs come back, finishing things up 24-19.
Which of these games would you like to see on the NFL's Youtube channel? Cast your vote on the Bengals' Facebook page!
Way of a Focused Soul
A skilled practitioner of this monastic tradition has devoted himself or herself to the control of ones ki not just within but without. They use symbols of each lesson as extensions of one's self to heal allies and harm enemies from afar.
Ki Projection
At level 3 when you take this monastic tradition, you gain access and proficiency in the use of mala beads. Your unarmed strikes gain 60 foot reach at the cost of one mala bead per attack. You can recover them by using a bonus action to teleport them back to your neck restoring all your lost beads assuming they are on the same plain of existence as yourself. They are extensions of your body meaning they benifit from any abilities that your unarmed strikes would, this includes allowing you to use your ki ablities on them.
At level 3 you can only handle a string of 4 mala beads at a time. You learn to add more to a set as you gain levels. Once added to a set it can't be removed from a set unless destroyed and requires 1 hour of meditation to attune itself to you, meaning you can't have another set in reserve for use mid combat. Lastly an anti-magic zone or dispel magic effect has no impact on their regular use as they use your ki to function though they will likely have an impact on harmony and discord effects.
Harmony and discord
At level 3 as an action or bonus action you can use one bead to place a bead on an ally or enemy within 60 feet. It becomes an incorporeal orb of harmony or discord. These are treated as concentration spells but do not count toward your limit, they can still however be removed by you losing your concentration. You can optionally recover these when you recover your other beads. If forceivly removed, a new harmony orb is placed or the duration ends it falls at the target's feet.
Orb of harmony: If you place this on an ally you can heal them at the cost of a bonus action and 1 Ki, healing for 1d4 + Wisdom mod. This effect lasts one minute and you can only have one harmony orb active at a time.
Orb of Discord: If you place this on an opponent, as a reaction and 1 Ki you can add 1d4 as force damage on any successful attack against this target. It lasts until the target dies or you recover your beads. You can only have one orb of discord active at a time.
If you want to place these on a unwilling target you must make a successful unarmed attack roll, if unsuccessful the effect fails and the bead falls near the target. You may also move them to a new target at the end of your turn as a free action.
Lesson: Calm Mind
At level 6 your touch can soothe the rage in almost any soul. When you touch a creature you can make them unable to feel anger or rage for an hour. The effect dose not make it obvious that you happen to be the source and can be particularly effective against animals. Note that soothing one's rage will not necessarily make them your ally.
Additionally you can handle 5 mala beads.
Lesson: Balance of ki
At level 11 you can spend your reaction to pass your concentration check but you must do so before you roll the check.
Additionally you can handle 6 mala beads.
Lesson: Extension of the self
At level 14 your orb effects gain in power but now costs 2 Ki. Orb of harmony can heal for 1d10 + wisdom mod. You can also cast lesser restoration for 3 ki on your harmony target. Meanwhile your orb of discord can now deal 1d6 + wisdom mod.
Additionally you can handle 7 mala beads.
Lesson: Transcendence of body
At level 17 you can enter a state of transcendence as an action. You stay in trancendance for 2 rounds after this one. Each round you gain your monk level in trancedance points. You can spend any number of them on any number of targets within 30 feet to heal or damage them. You can only attempt to heal or hurt a single creature once per turn. You can also hold these points for use in the next turn as long as your still trancending. While in the trancendance state you give off bright light, cant take any other actions including speak but can move and can't leave this state early unless rendered unconcous.
Healing or hurting an unwilling target requires them to make wisdom save against your DC.
Lastly you can handle 8 mala beads.
New York City Councilman Brad Lander speaks to Wendy's employees during a demonstration to demand higher pay and the right to form a union on July 29, 2013 in New York City.
Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images
The subject of wages in the food service industry has been in the news a lot this summer, so I'd like to tediously drag the conversation back to my obsession: Construction. Here is a map from the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Occupational Employment Statistics office showing annual wages of food service workers by metropolitan area:
You can see that there is quite a bit of diversity. The national median is $18,930 a year whereas where I live in the Washington/Arlington/Alexandria Metropolitan Division the median is $20,960. Now that $20,960 is not a princely sum by any means. But it does represent a 10 percent increase relative to the national median. That's not bad. Any time you can create a 10 percent boost in earnings for a hard-pressed group of people you're doing something useful. But of course it's actually far from clear that a food service worker in the DC area has a higher real standard of living than the typical American food service worker. That's because the “cost of living” is substantially above average around these parts. Housing, in particular, is very expensive. You can, to be sure, get a cheap place to live by living somewhere unsafe or somewhere with a very unpleasant commute but one's ability to avoid those outcomes by living in the Topeka area could constitute a perfectly good reason to pass up the DC wage premium.
So what if we substantially deregulated land use in the DC area. That would mean skyscrapers downtown, but also denser construction throughout the tony suburban sections of Arlington and west of Rock Creek Park and in Bethesda and into Fairfax County. Well one thing is that you'd have a lot of new jobs for construction workers. And though construction jobs, again, are hardly the highest paying jobs in the world even the relatively lowly “construction laborers” (as opposed to more specialized trademan like electricians) earn a median of $30,000 a year—i.e. a huge premium over a food service worker. People working in construction occupations in general earn a median of $40,000 a year. So with this construction boom, several things happen simultaneously.
One is that you create a bunch of blue collar jobs that pay better than food service jobs.
A second is that you create higher real living standards for the people who currently hold food service jobs in the DC area by increasing the supply of housing.
A third is that since the population of the DC area is growing, you create more opportunities for food service workers to move to the DC area where food service wages are higher.
Now imagine if you can think about doing that not just in the DC area, but also in the New York area and the Boston area and in San Francisco and Silicon Valley and in the Westside of Los Angeles and in Seattle and Denver and everyplace else on the map where if someone brings up high incomes relative to the national average you're going to be inclined to say “but what about the cost of living?” That's not going to usher in a new utopia. And obviously you'd need to build new transportation infrastructure and more schools and all the rest to accommodate the population transfers. But living standards would rise quite a bit, especially at the lower end. And part of the appeal should be precisely that it's not a utopian outcome. It's a very plausible outcome. You have places where food service workers earn above average wages. These are generally places that—as seen in the high price of housing—there is plenty of demand for additional housing stock. To create more housing stock requires the hiring of blue collar workers for occupations that pay more than food service jobs pay. If you hire those building trades workers, let more people move in, and then let more restaurants open in the higher-wage areas, you'll have broadly higher earnings across the board as the population shifts en masse to higher wage, higher productivity areas.
Population migration has always been key to American opportunity—heck, the essence of the American opportunity is that it starts with the idea that you should move to America!—but right now those opportunities are generally to be found in places where it's too hard to build the buildings to accommodate more migrants.
This has been a hit-and-miss summer for television, but one piece of regular programming has been consistently wonderful: The “Vin Scully Gets Distracted By Babies” Show. Some of you may know this by its more common name: Los Angeles Dodgers home games. This will be the 88-year-old Scully's last year with the Dodgers after 67 seasons on the job; and for those of us who've tuned in night after night to enjoy the announcer's final bows, it's been especially delightful whenever the camera turns to an infant in the crowd, setting Scully off on a reverie about the child's adorability. He then easily pivots back to the game, without missing a pitch.
Advertisement
When Scully signs off for good, it'll be the end of an era. Next summer will arrive without his familiar honeyed voice, telling stories about Greek mythology or American history between putouts and base knocks. For decades now, Scully's been having a friendly conversation with his audience, keeping them updated on the action while sharing fascinating facts about the players and the world at large. There's never been anyone quite like him. He turns even the dullest game into a three-hour oasis of civility.
But just because Scully's irreplaceable doesn't mean that sports announcing as an art-form will be done when he retires. He's the last of a dying breed, it's true; and it's also true that televised sports in 2016 at times seems overrun by listless, unskilled broadcasters, from baseball to the Olympics. But there are still a lot of excellent announcers out there, with core virtues that newcomers and even some long-timers would do well to emulate.
For example:
1. Have a distinctive voice
Scully apprenticed under Red Barber, a Mississippian who became one of the most recognized voices in broadcasting in the mid-20th century when his calls of Brooklyn Dodgers and New York Yankees games were carried around the country. The conventional wisdom for the radio and TV industry is that the voices we hear the most should be neutral and middle-American—the sound of Lincoln, Nebraska and Kansas City, Missouri, not Georgia or Maine or Minnesota. But Barber's gentlemanly southern twang became one of his selling points. And though Scully was born in the Bronx, over the years he seemed to pick up a bit of his mentor's slow drawl. At the least, he doesn't sound generic. Neither did his peers Mel Allen, Chick Hearn, or Keith Jackson; and nor do current veteran announcers like Verne Lundquist, Mike “Doc” Emrick, and Marv Albert. Even the lead man for Dodgers radio, Charley Steiner, has his own unmistakable growl.
Advertisement
Having a recognizable style isn't always a boon. Many sports fans can't stand Dick Vitale's bellow, or the inarticulately gruff murmurs and sudden excited eruptions of local baseball announcers Ken “Hawk” Harrelson and Mike Shannon. But all three of those men also have plenty of fervent followers who'll be sad when they finally step away from the microphone. And even viewers and listeners who dislike them would have to admit that it's helpful to be able to tell right away that they're calling a game—if only so they can hit the “mute” button.
2. Find the right partner
Part of what makes Scully so unique in modern sports broadcasting is that he's alone in the booth for nine innings, talking directly to the audience—and never to any color commentator. This would make a huge difference in the tone of any telecast, but especially in baseball, where the long lulls between exciting action are often filled by two announcers talking only with each other, and failing to keep viewers involved with what's happening on the field. It's generally even worse in the “three-man booth,” where two color commentators jostle to get their points in during the times when the play-by-play announcer isn't talking.
But there are several good partnerships in contemporary broadcasting, too. Lundquist and ex-quarterback Gary Danielson have an easy rapport calling SEC football games in the late Saturday afternoon slot on CBS; as do Brad Nessler and Todd Blackledge on ESPN's Saturday night SEC telecast. Len Kasper never gelled that well with Bob Brenly on the Chicago Cubs TV side, but ever since Brenly was replaced by ex-MLB pitcher Jim Deshaies three years ago, they've become one of baseball's best teams, delivering illuminating details about the game without ever losing their sense of humor.
Even the three-person booth can work, with the right mix. When ESPN had Dave O'Brien, Rick Sutcliffe, and Aaron Boone working together on baseball, that particular combination of voices—especially Sutcliffe's garrulousness and Boone's lighter touch—was often distractingly off-key. But Boone blends very well with the calmly authoritative Dan Shulman and the enthusiastic Jessica Mendoza on Sunday night games now. The three of them seem to enjoy each other's company, and that bubbly chemistry makes for a more entertaining telecast. (On ESPN's “Global Game” MLB specials, the combo of Karl Ravech, Eduardo Perez, and Doug Glanville also meshes well.) Similarly, while Tara Lipinski and Johnny Weir would be a fun pair of ice skating commentators no matter who they were working with, they're helped immeasurably by the steady professionalism of Terry Gannon, who knows just how to ask the right question to get them going.
Advertisement
3. Know the sport
Much of the pleasure of listening to Scully over the years has come from the way he recounts his firsthand experiences of watching the likes of Jackie Robinson, Sandy Koufax, and Fernando Valenzuela play. Scully's absorbed a lot over the decades, and is able to relay insights into baseball history and strategy without ever descending to the wonky. And he does all this without ever having played the game professionally—which has increasingly become a requirement for sports broadcasters, for no real reason beyond perception.
Advertisement
It's not that actual athletes' perspectives don't enhance our understanding of the game. They do, quite frequently. But there's a fallacy in some quarters of sports journalism that merely being a jock automatically equates to expertise. Even some announcers who never played professionally feel obliged to defer to the wisdom of coaches and former pros, presuming they must know best when it comes to matters of strategy. This attitude is particularly prevalent in the militaristic culture of football, which may be why that sport's broadcasting industry has been slowest to come around to the revolution in statistical analysis happening across athletics. Most televised football games—especially on the NFL level—end up offering vague commentary about levels of “momentum” and “mental toughness” that do nothing to illuminate what's actually happening on the field.
Stats aren't everything. They should be a tool in a broadcaster's kit, along with replays and tidbits picked up during pregame warmups. They're illustrative, not explanatory, and some broadcasters can paint a vivid picture just fine without them. (Scully, for one, rarely cites advanced metrics, because he doesn't really need them to tell his stories.) But because athletes themselves are often mistrustful of anything that smacks of scholarship—any knowledge not attained through hard physical labor on the field, in other words—too many broadcasts are dismissive not just of numbers, but of relevant historical comparisons. And that can be annoying to fans who like data, trend analysis, and context. What's the point of having someone call the game who proudly knows less than many of the people watching?
Advertisement
4. Don't be a crank
This follows directly from the previous point. When Scully does refer to modern baseball statistics, he may be wary, but doesn't automatically belittle them. As with everything else he brings up over the course of a broadcast, data points tend to be treated as, “Here's something interesting that you might want to know.” Scully's like that too when he's sharing anecdotes, or offering up fascinating historical facts. He sounds as excited by Mike Trout or Corey Seager as he was about Roy Campanella or Mike Piazza. In that way he's a lot like Doc Emrick, who slips in philosophical musings and offbeat observations during the rare pauses in the fast-paced NHL. Both men are enthusiasts, sharing their engagement.
Many broadcasters though—especially in baseball—spend their three hours on the air complaining. They gripe about “the modern player” or “the changing times.” They needle stat-heads. They whine about the pace of the game and the rule-changes they dislike. They're basically telling their audience, over and over, “This sport used to be fun but now it's terrible and you should watch something else.” They cross over from “telling it like it is” to “bumming everybody out.”
Advertisement
Even Bob Costas—a venerable broadcaster well-deserving of his decades of accolades—has gotten crankier as he's gotten older. Once the NBC golden boy who had a facility with arcane facts and a knack for pop-culture references, Costas now cocks an eyebrow at the new generation, while cracking jokes that are decades out of date. (During one baseball game this summer he talked about All-Star voting and made a comment about “hanging chads,” which even cruise-ship comedians stopped using as a punchline about 15 years ago.) Put Costas on an MLB broadcast with fellow coot Jim Kaat, and the lifelong baseball fan suddenly takes it on himself to run down the entire state of the sport. On the other hand, when Costas recently covered a Pittsburgh/Chicago ballgame with Emrick—a Pirates partisan since boyhood who'd always dreamed of calling a game—the two of them reminisced about Bill Mazeroski in a way that brought a lot of Costas' old ebullience back.
5. Don't get hung up on jargon
For generations, whenever somebody in football tacked somebody else in the open field, it was called “an open-field tackle.” Then some announcer apparently heard some offensive or defensive coordinator refer to movement in the open field as movement “in space,” and now every football game is filled with so many references to tackles and yardage “in space” that it's like we're watching Pyramid, not the NFL. Similarly, somewhere in the past decade an interception return for a touchdown became a “pick six,” and a game-winning home-run became a “walk-off.” At first these expressions were colorful, but they long ago became clichés. It's terminology that sounds insider-ish, but over time comes off as cutesy and lazy. (Along the same lines, whoever convinced sports broadcasters to say “untracked” when they mean “on track” should be publicly shamed, Game Of Thrones-style.)
There's one exception where excessive jargon is allowed: the Olympics. Because without Cynthia Potter instantly assessing every twist and toe-point and splash, would novices ever understand diving? The Olympics are also a case where having actual athletes calling the games definitely does help, since there aren't that many veteran broadcasters who know the ins-and-outs of handball or kayaking. At the just-completed Rio games, NBC had a winning combination on team volleyball with Paul Sunderland, Kevin Barnett, and Heather Cox, all of whom had played the sport at a high level and put the drama into perspective.
Advertisement
6. Be open to suggestions
This advice is less for announcers than for their bosses. Because sports tend to do relatively well in the ratings no matter whether the broadcast is excellent or crummy, the people who televise the games don't seem to have a lot of incentive to pay attention to what their audience thinks—or tweets. Are masses of sports nuts clamoring for more curt, unrevealing interviews with coaches as they're running off the field or court at halftime? Does anyone actually like it when baseball announcers spend a half-inning talking to a guest in the booth or a player in the dugout? Do networks ever focus test their onscreen graphics to make sure that viewers can make sense of them?
This is what frustrates fans most about the state of sports broadcasting: that sense that no one in charge is listening. Every time NBC carries the Olympics, the press and social media complain loudly about the primetime package, which is too heavy on human-interest stories and interviews (and ads), and too light on actual athletic activity. And every time, NBC offers the same excuses, and ultimately shrugs off the criticisms as irrelevant. Similarly, every March Madness, NFL Playoffs, and MLB Playoffs now feels like a slow process of good announcers giving way to the blander ones that the major networks have designated as their top guys.
The situation's not entirely dire, though. The NBA and NHL have Albert and Emrick for their biggest games. And Fox recently responded to widespread complaints about its Joe Buck/Harold Reynolds/Tom Verducci MLB postseason team, and will now be pairing Buck with John Smoltz, a well-informed baseball Hall Of Famer with a pleasant demeanor and strong communication skills. And just last week, MLB Network presented an experimental broadcast which had Smoltz, journalists Jonah Keri and Mike Petriello, and advanced metrics zealot Brian Kenny popping up throughout an afternoon game to debate stats and tactics.
Advertisement
Scully wouldn't have thrived in that format. But in a way, the Kenny/Keri/Petriello/Smoltz approach was in the spirit of Scully, Barber, Joe Garagiola, Harry Kalas, Ernie Harwell, Bob Uecker, and so many others of baseball broadcasting's greats. The approach was different, but the idea the same: to to tell the story of a game, while convincing viewers to stick around for how it comes out.
There are plenty of pundits and activists willing to make excuses for Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky. Some suggest that he is behaving strategically, knowing that he must lock in support from certain GOP constituencies if he is to have any chance of winning the Republican presidential nomination in 2016. Others have adopted a wait-and-see attitude, anticipating the Senate vote on the nomination of Chuck Hagel for secretary of defense as a test of how far Paul will go to do what is right rather than what is expedient. Finally there are supporters who follow Rand out of reverence for his father, former congressman Ron Paul, who challenged the political orthodoxy in a number of areas where his son is now mending fences.
I am among those who believe that Rand Paul has already revealed what he is made of, at least in terms of foreign policy. To suggest that he says and does things strategically just to make himself more acceptable to certain special interests demeans him, and to determine whether the other accounts offered on his behalf are viable, it is necessary to review the senator's foreign-policy record over the past two years.
On the plus side of the ledger, while running for the Senate Rand Paul criticized America's inclination to enter into overseas wars and Washington's worldwide military footprint, though he supported the war in Afghanistan and urged against too hasty a withdrawal from Iraq. He has since said that he would have voted against the Iraq War if he had been in office at the time. He has advocated strictly controlling the Mexican border against illegal immigration. Shortly after his election in 2010, he called for an end to all foreign aid. And he has opposed any language in sanctions legislation directed against Syria or Iran that might authorize military action. He has rejected any direct U.S. role against the Assad regime in Damascus.
Paul has consistently opposed extension of certain provisions of the Patriot Act expanding police powers, which—though not part of foreign policy per se—have been driven by the so-called War on Terror. But he supports trying all terrorism suspects before military tribunals at Guantanamo, not before civil courts in the United States. At the end of 2012, Paul co-sponsored with senators Dianne Feinstein and Mike Lee an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that appeared to prohibit the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens by the military, though in reality it did precisely the opposite by excluding those cases in which “an Act of Congress expressly authorizes such detention.” Such acts of Congress already exist in the Military Commissions Act of 2006 and last year's NDAA, which included the infinitely elastic “material support of terrorism” as a charge that could be dealt with by military detention. The Feinstein-Paul amendment did not make it into the final bill that went to President Obama, leading Paul to slam the entire NDAA as “unconstitutional.”
Advertisement
Last June, Rand Paul endorsed Mitt Romney for president and followed the endorsement by saying he would be “honored” to be Romney's choice for vice president. Regarding Mitt's foreign-policy views, Paul told Sean Hannity that “[we] had a very good and I think honest discussion about a lot of these things; and I came away from it feeling he would be a very responsible commander-in-chief, I don't think he'll be reckless, I don't think he'll be rash, and I think that he realizes and believes as I do that war is a last resort and something we don't rush willy-nilly into, and I came away feeling that he'll have a mature attitude and beliefs towards foreign policy.”
But Rand was wrong about Mitt, whose foreign policy would have been a repeat of George W. Bush's—except it might be even worse. While Senator Paul was endorsing Mitt, a key Romney foreign-policy adviser, Richard Williamson, was in Israel telling an audience that “Iran will see that there's a new sheriff in town” if Romney is elected. Williamson promised credible military threats against Iran—including using force to stop the Iranian weapons program—recommended arming the rebels in Syria, and reiterated extremely dangerous arguments that Russia is America's “number one geopolitical foe.”
Romney, who did not accept the U.S. intelligence community's assessment that Iran has no weapons program, was the only Republican presidential hopeful proposing an increase in the Pentagon budget. He frequently extolled American Exceptionalism to support his belief that the United States should both dominate militarily and lead the world. Rand's endorsement of Romney, which explicitly included his foreign-policy positions, sent the signal that working one's way through the system is everything and that the details don't much matter. Rand's father refused to endorse Romney.
Senator Paul has supported sanctions against Iran while contending that such actions should not be construed as a license to go to war. He was the only senator to vote against a resolution last fall maintaining that Iran cannot ever acquire a nuclear weapon; he said: “A vote for this resolution is a vote for the concept of pre-emptive war.” But his essentially constitutional position on war powers has not stopped him from arguing that “The Iranian regime is engaged in the pursuit of nuclear weapons and supports terrorism across the globe.” That Iran is seeking a nuclear weapon is incorrect according to the CIA.
After the November election, Paul joined 99 other Senators in voting unanimously for increasingly harsh sanctions on Iran designed to cripple the country's economy. His father Ron had a different view back in August, slamming a similar bill in the house and voting against it, calling the measures an unconstitutional “act of war.”
Since that time Senator Paul has been working particularly hard to dispel the notion that he is anti-Israel because he opposes foreign aid. He recently returned from a week-long visit to the Middle East, most of which was spent in Israel, that was paid for by an evangelical group called the American Family Association.
The Jerusalem Post reported that during the Rand Paul family visit, the senator said that Israel's settlement policies are “none of our business” before backing away from any suggestion of cutting aid any time soon by noting that a bankrupt America would not be a good ally for Israel and then explaining, “This does mean that we have to reassess who to give aid to, and when we do reassess that, I would begin with countries that are burning our flag and chanting ‘Death to America.' No one is accusing Israel of that.”
Regarding the settlements, Rand seems uninterested in or unaware of the damage being done to U.S. interests due to Washington's continued substantial funding of Israel's defense budget, support that frees up money for the illegal settlement expansion. Settlements are very much Washington's business, as U.S. citizens are paying the tab and taking much of the blame.
The senator also visited Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas during his trip. The meeting was not covered by the U.S. media, but Xinhua news service did describe it as follows: “U.S. Senator Rand Paul informed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of his country's opposition to the Palestinian intention to join United Nations agencies, a well- informed Palestinian sources said Monday. The source told Xinhua on condition of anonymity the Republican Senator told Abbas after a meeting in the West Bank city of Ramallah that the United States will impose sanctions on the Palestinian National Authority (PNA) if it decided to join UN agencies.” If the account is accurate, Paul has joined the chorus demanding that the Palestinians be punished for seeking statehood.
On January 24 Senator Paul confronted outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over the events in Benghazi in September 2012, when four Americans were killed. Paul called Benghazi somewhat hyperbolically “the worst tragedy since 9/11” and insisted that if he had been president he would have relieved Clinton of her post for not personally responding to the incoming cables from Libya as the situation was developing. Paul's comments might appear to be scoring points in support of his own personal ambitions, projecting himself as a president in shaping his response. But they are also unfortunately reflective of his failure to understand how overseas embassies operate. The secretary of state receives millions of messages every day, many of which are completely contradictory as officers on the ground attempt to describe evolving situations. The secretary is head of a large bureaucracy and has an experienced staff that handles developing crises. The situation in Beghazi was only clearly understood long after it was over.
Rand has stated that the United States government should publicly declare that “any attack on Israel will be treated as if it is an attack on the United States,” a position that would tie Washington's policy to that of Israel—with the Israelis able to dictate developments. Rand, together with a number of American politicians and pundits, seems to believe that the United States has an alliance with Israel. It does not. Israel has resisted any restraint on its behavior that a formal alliance would entail. It is not possible to imagine how an alliance would even be defined, as Israel has no fixed borders and is constantly expanding its definition of how and where it is threatened. Israel is a Middle Eastern superpower well able to deter any aggression against with responses up to and including its own nuclear arsenal, while the definition of “attack” is itself elusive—does it imply war with another nation-state or rockets fired from Gaza?
That Rand could make such a suggestion, apparently unaware of the problems it could create for the United States, might be due to the advice he is getting. Rand has reportedly received briefings from former Romney foreign-policy adviser Dan Senor and other neoconservatives, including meetings with Bill Kristol of the Weekly Standard.
Judging based on how he has voted and what he has said and done, Rand Paul insists on adherence to the Constitution for going to war but is not necessarily against interventionism and does not appear to have well-defined views on what measures are appropriate in counterterrorism. He opposes some infringements on constitutional liberties as part of the War on Terror. He favors cutting foreign aid for “unfriendly” countries first and friends like Israel sometime after that, advocates punishing Muslim countries that do not fully support our policies, and promotes an Israel-centric foreign policy in the Middle East. He relies on neoconservatives for foreign-policy guidance and is willing to support the demonization of countries like Iran in spite of the lack of evidence that they constitute a threat.
Rand hasn't revealed whether or not he will vote to approve the nomination of Chuck Hagel as secretary of defense. As the Hagel nomination has been strongly opposed by various components of the Israel Lobby, Paul could further burnish his pro-Israel and pro-evangelical credentials by voting “no,” or he might reassure libertarians and traditional conservatives by voting “yes.” The uncertainty about the vote highlights the central enigma of Rand Paul: how will he act if his eye is on 2016?
Philip Giraldi, a former CIA officer, is executive director of the Council for the National Interest.
Sept. 1 (UPI) -- Researchers at Columbia University have become the first to successfully bioengineer a functional vascularized lung scaffold to treat disease.
The scaffold allows the removal of the pulmonary epithelium while maintaining the viability and function of the vascular network and the lung matrix.
The study, published today in Science Advances, aimed to overcome the issue of finding new ways to promote lung repair and increase the number of donor lungs to treat end-stage lung disease.
End-stage lung disease is the third leading cause of death worldwide, accounting for 400,000 deaths per year in the United States alone.
The lung has more than 40 different types of cells and the total surface area between the airway and the vasculature are about the size of a tennis court, making previous efforts to bioengineer functional lungs from fully decelluarized or synthetic scaffolds that lack functional vasculature more difficult.
The team at Columbia University report they are the first to successfully bioengineer a functional lung with perfusable and healthy vasculature in an ex vivo rodent lung. The approach allows for the removal of pulmonary epithelium while still maintaining the viability and function of the vascular network and lung matrix.
"We developed a radically new approach to bioengineering of the lung," Gordana Vunjak-Novakovic, a pioneer in tissue engineering who directs the Laboratory for Stem Cells and Tissue Engineering at Columbia, said in a press release.
RELATED Researchers create microfibers that support cell growth
"We reasoned that an ideal lung scaffold would need to have perfusable and healthy vasculature, and so we developed a method that maintains fully functional lung vasculature while we remove defective epithelial lining of the airways and replace it with healthy therapeutic cells. This ability to selectively treat the pulmonary epithelium is important, as most lung conditions are diseases of the epithelium."
Researchers developed an airway-specific method to remove the pulmonary epithelium while still preserving the lung vasculature, matrix and other supporting cell types such as fibroblasts, myocytes, chondrocytes and pericytes.
They ventilated the lungs following lung cannulation in a rodent lung and perfused them on an ex vivo lung perfusion system, or EVLP. Researchers then used a mild detergent solution to remove epithelial cells, while protecting the vasculature by circulating a perfusate containing electrolytes and energy substrates at the same time.
RELATED Researchers find bioreactor supports whole lung regeneration
"This is a major step forward in bioengineering lungs," Vunjak-Novakovic said. "The creation of de-epithelialized whole lungs with functional vasculature may open new frontiers in lung bioengineering and regenerative medicine. This project could not have been successfully completed without the interdisciplinary effort that made us step out from our zone of comfort, and try novel approaches in collaboration with bioengineers, clinical scientists, and stem cell scientists."
LG reached out to us moments ago with news that the company's upcoming smartwatch, the Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE, has been canceled due to an unspecified hardware issue. There is no word at this time if the device will be released at a later date, but for now, LG is calling this a full-on cancellation of the launch.
We understand that you are currently reviewing our latest smartwatch; however, late in the quality assurance process for the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE, our engineers were made aware of a hardware issue which affects the day-to-day functionality of the device. After further investigation, the decision was made to cancel the rollout of the Urbane 2nd Edition LTE due to the complicated nature of the issue. Whether the device will be available in the future will be decided at a later time. For now, our top priority is to ensure that only products that meet our very specific quality standards are available for purchase.
The Urbane LTE 2 was to be the first Android Wear smartwatch with mobile data connectivity, multiple function buttons, and presumably the first Wear device to launch with speaker and voice call capability. LG did not elaborate on the nature of the issue, and we have no more information at this time.
Former FBI Director James Comey has admitted that Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch threw him out of her office when he confronted her about a potential Clinton email coverup.
Comey privately told members of Congress that AG Lynch was furious when he confronted her about possible political interference by the Obama admin into the Hillary Clinton email investigation, and claims she turned to ice after he showed her a top secret document proving his claims.
Circa.com reports: During his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last Thursday, Comey alluded to the second exchange after publicly discussing an encounter with Lynch, where she ordered him not to refer to the criminal probe of Clinton' handling of classified emails not as an “investigation” but rather as a “matter.” He suggested it smacked of political spin rather than the way professional law enforcement officers talk.
“That concerned me because that language tracked the way the campaign was talking about the FBI's work and that's concerning,” Comey testified.
Comey said the conversation occurred well before the email probe was shut down and shortly before both Comey and Lynch were expected to testify in Congress and possibly field questions about candidate Clinton's email issues. He said her request gave him a “queasy feeling.”
On CNN Sunday, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said, “I would have a queasy feeling too, though, to be candid with you I think we need to know more about that and there's only one way to know about it and that's to have the Judiciary Committee take a look at that.”
In multiple private sessions over the last few months, Comey has told lawmakers about a second, later confrontation with Lynch shortly before the email probe was shut down.
Comey told lawmakers in the close door session that he raised his concern with the attorney general that she had created a conflict of interest by meeting with Clinton's husband, the former President Bill Clinton, on an airport tarmac while the investigation was ongoing.
During the conversation, Comey told lawmakers he confronted Lynch with a highly sensitive piece of evidence, a communication between two political figures that suggested Lynch had agreed to put the kibosh on any prosecution of Clinton.
Comey said “the attorney general looked at the document then looked up with a steely silence that lasted for some time, then asked him if he had any other business with her and if not that he should leave her office,” said one source who was briefed.
Comey “took that interaction and the fact she had met with Bill Clinton as enough reason to decide he would not allow the Justice Department to decide the fate of the case and instead would go public” with his own assessment that the FBI could not prove Mrs. Clinton intended to violate the law when she transmitted classified information through her private email and therefore should not be criminally charged. Another source said the “tarmac meeting was the public excuse for not going to Lynch when all along there was other evidence that was more concerning to Comey.”
Comey announced his assessment that while Clinton had been reckless he did not believe he could prove intent to commit a crime on July 5, 2016, a decision that has been criticized by some lawmakers and resulted in discord among the bureau's agents who investigated Clinton.
The FBI declined to comment when contacted by Circa for comment. Lynch could not be reached for comment.
The sources also said that Comey's testimony in private conflicted with recent reports in the news media suggesting the FBI had intercepted an email between Congresswoman Debbie
Wasserman Schultz, who at the time was the Democratic Party chairwoman, and a third party. Those media reports suggested that the information about the email was more than likely fake and a ruse possibly planted by the Russians. The Washington Post story suggested the dubious email is what motivated Comey, who still was not sure of the intelligence, to come forward with his findings in the Clinton investigation and shut down the case.
“Comey's account to Congress does not sync with those media reports,” one source said, declining to be more specific. In public, Comey also seemed to suggest as much, saying some of the reports about why he went public with the email case findings were “nonsense.”
Helminthic therapy, an experimental type of immunotherapy, is the treatment of autoimmune diseases and immune disorders by means of deliberate infestation with a helminth or with the ova of a helminth. Helminths are parasitic worms such as hookworms, whipworms, and threadworms that have evolved to live within a host organism on which they rely for nutrients.[1] These worms are members of two phyla; nematodes, which are primarily used in human helminthic therapy, and flat worms (trematodes).[1]
Helminthic therapy consists of the inoculation of the patient with specific parasitic intestinal nematodes (helminths). A number of such organisms are currently being investigated for their use as treatment including: Trichuris suis ova,[2][3] commonly known as pig whipworm eggs; Necator americanus,[4] commonly known as hookworms; Trichuris trichiura ova,[5] commonly referred to as human whipworm eggs; and Hymenolepis diminuta, commonly known as rat tapeworm cysticerci.
While the latter four species may be considered to be mutualists - providing benefit to their host without causing longterm harm - there are other helminth species that have demonstrated therapeutic effects but which also have a potential to cause less desirable or even harmful effects and therefore do not share the ideal characteristics for a therapeutic helminth.[6] These include Ascaris lumbricoides,[7][8] commonly known as human giant roundworm; Strongyloides stercoralis,[7][8] commonly known as human roundworm; Enterobius vermicularis,[7][8] commonly known as pinworm or threadworm; and Hymenolepis nana,[7][8] also known as dwarf tapeworm.
Current research targets Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, inflammatory bowel disease, coeliac disease, multiple sclerosis and asthma.
Helminth infection has emerged as one possible explanation for the low incidence of autoimmune diseases and allergies in less developed countries, while reduced infection rates have been linked with the significant and sustained increase in autoimmune diseases seen in industrialized countries.[9][10][11][12]
Incidence of autoimmune diseases and parasitic infestation [ edit ]
While it is recognized that there is probably a genetic disposition in certain individuals for the development of autoimmune diseases, the rate of increase in incidence of autoimmune diseases is not a result of genetic changes in humans; the increased rate of autoimmune-related diseases in the industrialized world is occurring in too short a time to be explained in this way. There is evidence that one of the primary reasons for the increase in autoimmune diseases in industrialized nations is the significant change in environmental factors over the last century. Environmental factors include exposure to certain artificial chemicals[13] from industrial processes, medicines, farming, and food preparation. It is posited that the absence of exposure to certain parasites, bacteria, and viruses is playing a significant role in the development of autoimmune diseases in the more sanitized and industrialized Western nations.[14][15]
Lack of exposure to naturally occurring pathogens and parasites may result in an increased incidence of autoimmune diseases. Correlational data has shown the prevalence of helminthic infections to be the greatest south of the equator where the rates of autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis are low.[16][17] This is consistent with the hygiene hypothesis which suggests that helminthic infections protect individuals from developing auto-immune diseases rather than being an agent responsible for inducing them.[9][18][19] A complete explanation of how environmental factors play a role in autoimmune diseases has still not been proposed. Epidemiological studies such as the meta-analysis by Leonardi-Bee et al.,[9] however, have helped to establish the link between parasitic infestation and their protective role in autoimmune disease development.
Hypotheses [ edit ]
Although the mechanism(s) of autoimmune disease development is not fully defined, there is broad agreement that the majority of autoimmune diseases are caused by inappropriate immunological responses to innocuous antigens, driven by a branch of the immune system known as the TH1 type immune response. Extra-cellular antigens primarily trigger the TH2 response, as observed with allergies, while intracellular antigens trigger a TH1 response. Th cells can be divided into subtypes based on the characteristic cytokines they secrete.[20] Th2 immune responses result in the release of cytokines associated with inflammation reduction such as interleukin 4, interleukin 5 and interleukin 10. These cytokines are thought to improve the symptoms of many autoimmune disorders.[20] Conversely, Th1 immune responses are characterized by the cytokines interferon gamma (IFNγ) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα), both of which are thought to increase inflammation and worsen the progression of autoimmune diseases and their symptoms.[20] The relationship between these two types of immune response is a central theme of the biological basis of the hygiene hypothesis, which suggests that there is a regulatory action between the two types of response. However, the observation that allergies and autoimmune response are increasing at a similar rate in industrialized nations appears to undermine the hygiene hypothesis.[citation needed]
The hygiene hypothesis proposes that appropriate immune response is in part learned by exposure to microorganisms and parasites, and in part regulated by their presence. In industrialized nations, humans are exposed to somewhat lower levels of these organisms, potentially resulting in unbalanced immune systems. The development of vaccines, hygienic practices, and effective medical care have diminished or eliminated the prevalence and impact of many parasitic organisms, as well as bacterial and viral infections. This has been of obvious benefit with the effective eradication of many diseases that have plagued human beings. However, while many severe diseases have been eradicated, humans' exposure to benign and apparently beneficial parasites has also been reduced commensurately. The central thrust of the hypothesis is, therefore, that correct development of regulatory T cells in individuals may depend on exposure to organisms such as lactobacilli, various mycobacteria, and helminths.[12] Lack of exposure to sufficient benign antigens, particularly during childhood, is sometimes suggested as a cause of the increase in autoimmune diseases and diseases for which chronic inflammation is a major component in the industrialized world.
Two refinements to the hygiene hypothesis exist, the "old friends" hypothesis, and the "microbiome depletion theory".[21][22]
The old friends hypothesis modifies the hygiene hypothesis by proposing that regulatory T cells can only become fully effective if they are stimulated by exposure to microorganisms and parasites that have low levels of pathogenicity and that have coexisted universally with human beings throughout our evolutionary history. This hypothesis has recently been given more credibility by a study demonstrating the impact of infectious organisms, and helminths in particular, upon genes responsible for the production of various cytokines, some involved in the regulation of inflammation, in particular those associated with the development of Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and celiac disease.[23]
The microbiome depletion theory posits that the absence of an entire class of organisms from the human inner ecology is a profound evolutionary mismatch that destabilizes the immune system, resulting in disease. The microbiome is "depleted". The way to correct the dysregulation is to "reconstitute", or replenish, keystone species in healthy individuals prior to the development of human diseases of modern living. As keynote organisms, helminths are central to correcting immune dysregulation, and their replenishment may be a disease preventative.[24] Biome depletion theory departs from a drug model approach, which remains the current focus of helminthic therapy as evidenced by numerous clinical trials now underway for existing disease states.
Proposed mechanism of action [ edit ]
Experimental data support the hypothesis that clinically induced helminthic infections have the ability to alleviate or mitigate immune responses.[3][7][8][19][25] Most autoimmune disorders are believed to involve hyperactive Th1 or Th17 immune responses that are down regulated by the promotion of a Th2 response by helminths.[26] Helminths secrete immunoregulatory molecules that promote the induction of regulatory T cells while inhibiting the function of antigen presenting cells and other T cells.[1] As such, helminthic therapy attempts to restore homeostasis by shifting a hyperactive Th1 pro-inflammatory response to a Th2 response with reduced inflammation.[20] Human and animal studies have provided evidence of decreased Th1 and Th17 immune responses with a shift to Th2 cytokine production resulting in significantly decreased levels of interleukin 12 and IFNy with simultaneous increases in the regulatory T cells, interleukin 4, interleukin 5 and interleukin 10 of test subjects.[3][7][8][19] These observations indicate that helminth therapy can provide protection against autoimmune disease not only through prevention, since helminths can be present before autoimmune disease develops, but also after autoimmune responses are initiated.[8] Furthermore, responses of type-two T helper cells rarely kill the parasitic worms.[1] Rather, the Th2 response limits the infection by reducing the viability and reproductive capacity of the parasite.[1]
Given the down regulation of Th1 and Th17 immune responses with helminthic therapy, immune responses to other pathogens and allergens may be suppressed.[1] Consequently, unmonitored and uncontrolled helminthic infections may be associated with suppressed immunity to the viruses and bacteria that normally trigger Th1 and Th17 immune responses required for protection against them leading to illness or disease.[1]
Research [ edit ]
Evidence in support of the idea that helminthic infections reduce the severity of autoimmune diseases is primarily derived from animal models.[19] Studies conducted on mice and rat models of colitis, muscular sclerosis, type 1 diabetes, and asthma have shown helminth-infected subjects to display protection from the disease.[1] While helminths are often considered a homogenous group, considerable differences exist between species and the utilization of species in clinical research varies between human and animal trials.[19] As such, caution must be exercised when interpreting the results from animal models.[19]
Helminthic therapy is currently being studied as a treatment for several (non-viral) autoimmune diseases in humans including celiac disease,[27][28] Crohn's disease,[29][30][31][32] multiple sclerosis,[33] ulcerative colitis,[34] and atherosclerosis.[35] It is currently unknown which clinical dose or species of helminth is the most effective method of treatment. Hookworms have been linked to reduced risk of developing asthma, while Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm infection) was associated with an increased risk of asthma.[9] Similarly, Hymenolepis nana, Trichuris trichiura, Ascaris lumbricoides, Strongyloides stercoralis, Enterobius vermicularis, and Trichuris suis ova have all been found to lower the number of symptom exacerbations, reduce the number of symptom relapses, and decrease the number of new or enlarging brain lesions in patients with multiple sclerosis at doses ranging from 1,180 to 9,340 eggs per gram.[3][7][8] However, Ascaris lumbricoides, Strongyloides stercoralis and Enterobius vermicularis are not considered suitable for therapeutic use in humans because they do not meet the criteria for a therapeutic helminth.[6]
Trichuris suis ova has been used in most cases to treat autoimmune disorders because it is thought to be non-pathogenic in humans and therefore has been rendered as safe.[6][36] The use of Trichuris suis ova has been granted by the USA Food and Drug Administration as an investigational medicinal product (IMP).[37] While in the UK, the hookworm Necator americanus has been granted an IMP license by the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Authority.[38] This hookworm is likely to be relatively safe,[39] although it can cause temporary gastrointestinal side effects, especially following the initial inoculation and with larger doses.[6]
The general ideal characteristics for a therapeutic helminth are as follows:[6]
Little or no pathogenic potential
Does not multiply in the host
Cannot be directly spread to close contacts
Produces a self-limited colonization in humans
Produces an asymptomatic colonization in humans
Does not alter behaviour in patients with depressed immunity
Is not affected by most commonly used medications
Can be eradicated with an anti-helminthic drug
Can be isolated free of other potential pathogens
Can be isolated or produced in large numbers
Can be made stable for transport and storage
Easy to administer
Potential side effects [ edit ]
Helminths are extremely successful parasites capable of establishing long-lasting infections within a host.[1] During this time, helminths compete with the host organism's cells for nutrient resources and thus possess the potential to cause harm.[1] However, the number of organisms hosted by individuals undergoing helminthic therapy is very small and any side effects are typically only encountered in the first three months of infection. In the long term, the vast majority of clinically infected individuals are asymptomatic, with no significant nutrient loss. In fact, nutrient uptake can be enhanced in some subjects who are hosting a small number of helminths.[40] If the side effects from helminthic therapy were to become unmanageable, they can be alleviated by the use of anthelminthic medications.[1][7][8] The most common clinical symptoms which may be encountered while undergoing helminthic therapy can include:
Fatigue [1]
Gastrointestinal discomfort [3]
Anemia [1] [7] [8]
Fever [8]
Abdominal pain [8]
Weight loss [8]
Anorexia [8]
Diarrhea [8]
General malaise[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
The landscape of the world is always changing. Geological processes like tectonism, denudation and volcanism have shaped the face of Earth as we know it over the course of billions of years. Unfortunately, much of the natural phenomena on the planet today is transforming for the worse due to human encroachment. Whether the effects of global warming, deforestation, urbanization or heavy tourism are to blame, the fact of the matter is that these precious gems are rapidly deteriorating right before our eyes.
The snowfield of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania is quickly thawing. Signs point to global warming.
Farming, irrigation and development are draining the water necessary to sustain the Everglades in South Florida. Restoration plans have done little, as this landscape now covers only half of its original territory.
Rising water temperatures, which cause coral bleaching, and increasing acidity levels are gradually killing the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia.
Scientists estimate that sometime between 2030- 2050, the last glacier in the Swiss Alps will have melted away.
The cypress forests throughout the Atchafalaya Basin in Louisiana have been decimated to manufacture mulch. Every year, 25 square miles of these stunning wetlands are lost forever to the sea.
Rampant tourism in the Galapagos Islands is causing more disturbance than this fragile setting can long endure.
Due to increased temperatures, the ice shelf of South Georgia Island, a region rich in wildlife, is disintegrating.
Deforestation is the leading threat to the Monteverde Cloud Forest in Costa Rica. The clouds this region is named after are beginning to dissipate as a result, which will eventually deprive this lush landscape of the moisture it needs to thrive.
Pollution and urbanization imperil Kathmandu Valley in Nepal.
The Mexican Michoacan Mountains are being defaced by illegal deforestation.
Global warming has already claimed over two-thirds of the glaciers within the pristine boundaries of Glacier National Park in Montana.
The Dead Sea in Israel is receding at an alarming rate (approximately three feet every year) because its primary water source, the Jordan River, is being sucked dry by the local populace.
Rising sea levels may spell doom for Australia's Fraser Island.
The rainforest habitat of the island of Borneo, a territory divided between Brunei, Indonesia and Malaysia, is endangered by farming and logging.
Since 1978, the glaciers in Alaska's Kenai Fjords National Park have receded about a half-mile and continue to diminish further with each passing year.
Before you book a plane ticket, keep in mind that claims of eco-tourism can be deceiving and many of these delicate settings are best left untouched. If your heart is set on visiting these spots while you still can, visit the International Ecotourism Society, Conservation International or the Nature Conservancy for tips on how you can experience these wonders without further contributing to their ruin.
Images: wikimedia, minds-eye, Eulinky, dino_olivieri, derekkeats, baxterclaus, gokarna, cmanon, Andrew Kalat, laura padgett, peterjoel1, Chi King, Alaskan Dude
LOUISVILLE, Ky. – Louisville City FC announced on Wednesday it had signed Oscar Jimenez, who is expected to add depth to the club's midfield. The signing is pending league and federation approval.
Jimenez has played a variety of midfield positions during his career, most recently for Premier Development League side Mississippi Brilla FC. There, he was the team's co-leading scorer in 2016 with four goals, and also registered two assists in 14 appearances.
“Oscar impressed us with his quality, receiving skills and awareness,” said Louisville Head Coach James O'Connor. “He also possesses the personality and values we look for in players.”
Jimenez spent the 2015 season with the USL Western Conference club Tulsa Roughnecks FC after featuring for the NCAA Division II Western Washington Vikings near his hometown of Mount Vernon, Wash.
“I felt like I was very composed, positive and encouraging to everyone that was there,” Jimenez said of his chance to impress in Louisville's preseason tryouts. “I pretty much like putting the team first instead of trying to do too much myself to impress the coaches. I think a team-first mentality stood out to James. Now I'm just excited to get out there and to figure out where James sees me fitting in the best and how I can contribute to the team.”
Although the sixth season doesn't come on until Summer 2015, [adultswim] gives us a look a bit early. Hit the jump to see a new clip of possibly, the best comic book related show ever!
The Venture Bros. is Adult Swim's fan-favorite parody of the great action/adventure cartoons of yesteryear. Tune in to watch Dr. "Rusty" Venture and his twin boys, Hank and Dean, as they clash against arch-enemies, killer mutants, invading aliens and more. Joining them is a massive
pantheon of incredible characters like Brock Samson, Dr. Orpheus, The Monarch, Sgt. Hatred, Henchman 21, and so many more that it would be unwise to attempt a full list. Kick danger right in the sweet meats by watching The Venture Bros. at AdultSwim.com.
What's the best comic book related show on right now? Not Arrow.. Not Agents of Shield.. It's The Venture Brothers! Although it is not based on any particular comic book it does take many elements from Marvel and DC comics. Even though the usual wait between seasons is two years, [adultswim] was generous enough to release a teaser to not only the next season, but an upcoming one hour special. The teaser does not reveal much, however, it does show a certain main character might be going rogue next year! The big question is.. Is it The Monarch or Rusty? Take a look and decide for yourself!
The official version is on its way, targeting to support for example MS Exchange Active Sync, Android apps and 20 MPx resolution for the camera. But an unofficial Sailfish OS for Xperia X might become available even sooner via the porters community.
Sailfish OS is an alternative mobile operating system coming from Finland, running on top of Linux Kernel and Mer core. Via this collaboration, Sailfish OS expands its support to cover 64bit ARM.
Update, August 14, 2017
It's been progressing massively over the past week! We'll update you on that. It is worth the wait :) — Jolla (@JollaHQ) 14 August 2017
Introduction
The partnership
Sony Xperia X 32GB single SIM, model F5121
Official color codes: XPERIAX (black), XPERIAXW (white), XPERIAXLG (lime green), XPERIAXRG (rose gold)
Product codes in EU: 1302-9422 (black), 1302-9423 (white), 1302-9426 (lime green), 1302-9427 (rose gold)
Product codes in US: 1302-5762 (black), 1302-5763 (white), 1302-5764 (lime green), 1302-5767 (rose gold)
Other codes used: 1302-4152 / 1302-9401 / 40-27-3921 (black), 1302-8006 (white), 1302-4156 / 1302-9403 / 40-27-3919 (lime green), 1302-4157 / 1302-9406 / 40-27-3917 (rose gold)
[ed.note: Codes have been added after publishing, hence not checked by Jolla. Some retailers use their own product codes which might vary from the ones listed above. Beware of mixing the model to Xperia X 64GB dual SIM (model F5122), a similar looking phone on which it's yet untested if Sailfish OS would run. It might run, or it might not. Also beware of mixing this to Xperia X Performance, or to a smaller phone Xperia X Compact.]
"We believe that our interests have been aligned quite well and this has been a very positive collaboration. We are certainly looking forward to continuing working with them. Sony's Open Devices program forms the basis for the work. Additionally, they have been a great help to us when working on practical issues and technical difficulties."
"Part of the software stack is in 32-bit. Android app support has been the biggest challenge, and we are still working on that. We've had to backport some parts from newer releases of Android to our version to get it to work and we are still solving issues on it."
The Development
"We always utilize the kernel that comes from the particular device's Android hardware adaptation. These kernels have plenty of patches (device driver code) on top of the vanilla Linux kernel. Amount of code in patches may be tens of thousands of lines of code. Having a newer kernel would mean porting all the patches needed for the HW adaptation to the newer kernel. Having a newer kernel brings very little value to end customers, so we've not seen it worth the effort."
The features
"Currently, we've had 8mpx support for the main camera. We're investigating if we can upgrade it to 20mpx, and it should be doable. Other than that, the camera app will be the same as with the stock Sailfish OS. Obviously, the camera hardware is great and produces great images even at 8mpx."
"Our target is to have same level of Android app compatibility as our other devices have. In our devices most Android apps, for example games utilizing 3D graphics and popular social apps, run just fine and there are 3rd party stores that have wide range of Android apps available. However, Android compatibility isn't still perfect, and there are some apps with known issues.", describes Mr. Hartikainen.
Installing Sailfish OS on Xperia X to be made by end-customer
"Currently our focus is on this project and our target is to make downloadable Sailfish OS available to as many of the Sailfish OS fans as possible. We don't want to speculate on any future plans at this point. Further, we can't comment on behalf of Sony. I can understand the interest, but I cannot much expand on what was stated earlier when we announced this. We announced that we want to to provide our licensing customers with a solid hardware solution, and to offer our community a follow-up device for the Jolla C. There are good Sailfish OS devices available and planned by our licensees, but at the moment there are many markets where Sailfish OS devices are not yet available. Providing a downloadable Sailfish OS is a practical way to reach also these markets. We have chosen a careful stepwise approach in creation of the downloadable Sailfish OS, and we want to expand from most capable tech. enthusiasts towards wider audience, but obviously this requires time to achieve and a lot of maturity in the solution."
The release
"For the Xperia X port there are still some hardware features like bluetooth that are not yet fully functional and we are still working on solving issues for example in Android runtime. We have not yet pushed 2.1.2 release to cbeta, mainly due to 2.1.1 final fixes."
"Jolla is focused on bringing Xperia X port of Sailfish OS out with all of the features. That being said, there exists an active community porting Sailfish OS to various devices. They may do their own community version of Xperia X port that could be available earlier than the officially supported version."
Thanks for this interview Vesku!
Editorial - Should one install Sailfish OS on Xperia X or not
I've found it to be a "one-thumb interface" ideal for mobile devices up to 5" display, and the usage patterns are definitely more intuitive than the ones on iOS or Android after getting used to the differences.
Tuesday's Zoning Board of Appeals hearing for a medical marijuana dispensary on Newbury Street in the Back Bay started innocuously enough.
Mike Ross, the attorney for Compassionate Organics, the group behind the proposal, made brief remarks. A handful of people spoke in favor of the dispensary, then a woman spoke in opposition.
Things changed when Oliver Curme approached the podium on the 8th floor of City Hall.
Advertisement
Curme, who introduced himself and said he lived at the historic Burrage Mansion in the Back Bay, said that he and his friends were against the proposal because “it will bring undesirable elements into the neighborhood.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
He then identified the “elements”: military veterans suffering from PTSD, those who suffer with multiple sclerosis (MS), and breast cancer patients, according to video footage of the meeting.
“There are army vets with PTSD, and we don't want them in our neighborhood,” he said. “Give me a break. They can get over it.”
He continued: “The second thing is people with wheelchairs, with MS or whatever.”
As he made that comment, he shook his hand in the air in an apparent attempt to mimic someone who has MS. Geoffrey Reilinger, the CEO of the nonprofit behind the dispensary proposal, was present at the hearing and has publicly said that marijuana helped him control his MS.
Advertisement
At this point during Curme's comments, a zoning board member interjected, “I don't think this is a zoning issue.”
Curme plowed forward.
“The third one is women with breast cancer,” he said. “They always have that cadaverous look and they wear those ridiculous turbans.”
At that point, multiple people on the board could be heard saying “thank you,” in an attempt to end his testimony.
“It's a high-end shopping district” Curme concluded. “We don't want people like that scaring off the clientele.”
Advertisement
A board member replied, “We got your message loud and clear.”
Curme then sat down and sipped from a bottle of water.
Attempts to reach Curme Wednesday night were unsuccessful.
But Curme told NBC Boston that he was actually in favor of the proposal, and that his comments were intended to mock opponents of the dispensary.
“The point that I was trying to make is a marijuana dispensary is going to bring in people that really need this,” he said. “People who are sick people who have cancer or some other thing and this is the only choice for them.”
He added, “If you listen to what I said it was so over the top, that I think that's the only way it could have been construed.”
Ross, a former city councilor who has written opinion pieces for the Globe, said he had “never in my life heard anything so appalling.”
Asked what he thought of Curme's claim that he was trying to make a point through satire, Ross said, “It's equally unwelcome.”
“It's disturbing on all fronts,” he said. “I think that guy has some substantial issues and these comments have no place in our public discourse. He's trolling and it's not appreciated.”
Mark Erlich, a zoning board member, called Curme's comments “completely out of line, inappropriate, and offensive.”
“It has nothing to do with the zoning issues and the use issues we were considering,” he said Wednesday night.
The zoning Board of Appeal ultimately approved the dispensary proposal for 331 Newbury St. in a unanimous vote.
Danny McDonald can be reached at daniel.mcdonald@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @Danny__McDonald
It's certainly a fact worth chewing over.
Humans have small, slender heads and weaker jaws, because of our discovery of soft foods like cheese and dairy, a new study suggests.
Research by The University of California suggests the advent of farming, especially dairy products, had a small but significant effect on the shape of human skulls.
The reason is all in the effort it took to eat farmed food. Humans who live by hunting and foraging wild foods have to put more effort into chewing than those surviving on a softer diet of cheese and cereal mush.
Without the daily work-out of crunching, grinding and gnawing, bones and muscle declined, refining the features of farming communities.
“The effect of farming is mostly visible in the areas of the skull that generate or experience stress during chewing,” said graduate student David Katz, formerly of UC Davis, who is now a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Calgary, Alberta.
“The simplest explanation is that these stresses were reduced because farming diets were generally softer.”
Zach Kline's first in-game experience in the CFL was as brief as it is memorable.
The mid-camp addition, who arrived in the fourth and last spot on the Edmonton Eskimos quarterback depth chart in place of the ousted Brett Smith, only came in for one snap in Sunday's 36-35 pre-season loss to the visiting Calgary Stampeders.
But he made the most of it.
The six-foot-two, 220-pound Fresno State product took advantage of busted coverage and fired a 40-yard bullet downfield to fellow rookie Duke Williams, who took it the rest of the way for a 90-yard touchdown to tie the score 29-29 with four minutes left in the fourth.
Just like they planned, right?
“Not exactly, we were going to leave him in for one drive and we knew it was going to come down to the wire and I wanted a more experienced guy in Danny, who's been in our offence for longer than Kline's few days,” Maas said of Danny O'Brien, who came back in to steer a nine-play, 69-yard drive that ended with a three-yard touchdown plunge by rookie running back Marion Grice, before gunning for victory on a failed two-point convert. “Kline's going to get work next week, no matter what. But I didn't want to put him in that situation, so I wanted to get him one drive and it just turned out to be one throw and one touchdown.
“Probably a pretty neat experience for him and obviously got us right back in the ball game.”
You might have thought it won them the game, and not just a pre-season one, either, the way Kline celebrated with a full-sprint with his arm in the air, Statue of Liberty style, to hug Williams.
“Oh, yeah. I kind of blacked out there. Really, just, I couldn't believe it,” Kline said. “First, I thought I overthrew him, and then when I saw him pop open to catch it and then run into the end zone, I was like: ‘This isn't happening. Unbelievable.'
“I just was so excited. It was insane.”
You will have to excuse the 23-year-old native of Danville, Calif., if he feels a little more at home than someone who only signed on seven days earlier should.
Related
“Coach Maas and coach Carson (Walch, offensive co-ordinator), they made me feel real comfortable and really confident that I can learn this in a short amount of time,” said Kline, who managed to get a sneak preview with the club while attending Eskimos mini-camp in Las Vegas in April. “Without them, I would be totally lost. In this short amount of time, those are the best teachers I've ever had.”
It's not the first time Kline's studied under a head coach who is a former quarterback, and that's where some familiarity sets in.
“The coach I committed to in college, coach Jeff Tedford, he's a mentor of mine,” Kline said of the former CFL quarterback, who played for the same Fresno State Bulldogs program he now head coaches. “I personally gravitate towards those types of coaches because they know what they're doing, they've been behind the centre and they've seen the live bullets. There's definitely a trust in there, it's pretty easy to learn when you have coaches like that.”
So chalk up his initial success to the ones currently holding the chalk.
“The coaches are the ones who got me ready, and I've been working as hard as I could ever since I got here, staying up late and trusting the guys around me and trusting the coaches,” Kline said. “That's the first thing I learned when I got here: The playbook is going to be hard and it's up to you to see how hard you want to work.
“That's one thing I know I can control, is how hard I work. Everything after that is out of my control. I'm going to keep listening to the coaches and hopefully keep throwing 90-yard touchdowns. It was a fun way to start a CFL career, that's for sure.”
NEXT UP: After having Monday off, practice resumes Tuesday from 8:30-10:45 a.m. at Commonwealth Stadium.
Email: gmoddejonge@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @GerryModdejonge
SIX NATIONS: ITALY V WALES
Venue: Stadio Olimpico, Rome Date: Saturday, 23 February Kick-off: 14:30 GMT Coverage: Watch live on BBC One Wales, BBC One HD, Red Button and online; listen on BBC Radio Wales & online and BBC Radio Cymru; live text commentary on BBC Sport website; watch again on BBC iPlayer; highlights on Sunday's Scrum V
Rob Howley has given a vote of confidence to the Wales team that beat France by announcing the same XV will start the next Six Nations clash against Italy on 23 February.
It means championship captain Sam Warburton, who missed the Paris match with an injury, will miss out.
Howley said: "I have told the players the same fifteen will start in Italy.
"I think it is pretty important from a coach's perspective that we reward the players who've gone out on the field."
He added: "I thought Ryan Jones was outstanding in terms of his leadership and it is a just reward that he captains the side against Italy."
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: France 6-16 Wales
Jones took over the captaincy after Warburton had led Wales in the 30-22 defeat by Ireland in the first round of matches.
Warburton's open-side slot went to Justin Tipuric, who had an impressive game in an effective Welsh back row as France were beaten 16-6 - ending a run of eight successive defeats for Wales.
Howley said he had told all the players of his decision to stick with the same starting line up on Tuesday morning - one week ahead of the scheduled team announcement.
He added that he had discussed the move with Warburton directly.
"Obviously I've spoken to Sam," he said.
"He has taken it very positively. Obviously he stays with us, he's part of the squad, and he'll be a fantastic captain in years to come.
"But for this game, on the back of our performance in France I think it's important that we said same again."
Lock Alun Wyn Jones, who returned to action for the Ospreys on Friday night, was called back into the 36-man Wales squad on Tuesday.
But the Wales and Lions second row can now only expect to make the replacements' bench in Rome.
Howley said that players outside the starting XV could be released to play for their regions this weekend.
Players based outside Wales have already been released back to their clubs, including Bayonne scrum half Mike Phillips and Toulon prop Gethin Jenkins, who both started against France.
Wales: L Halfpenny, A Cuthbert, J Davies, J Roberts, G North, D Biggar, M Phillips; G Jenkins, R Hibbard, A Jones, A Coombs, I Evans, R Jones (captain), J Tipuric, T Faletau.
They broke windows on the left side and pulled a door of the vehicle to free him.
Saakashvili and his supporters started to move along Kostiolna Street towards the Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square). Handcuffs were seen on his hand.
Read alsoSaakashvili detained in Kyiv – MP Derevyanko (Video)A column of Saakashvili's supporters has already reached the Ukrainian parliament's building. Law-enforcement agencies have been pulling additional forces in nearby areas to beef up security. People are gathering at the traffic area on Hrushevskoho Street at the junction of Shovkovychna Street.
Saakashvili has climbed an improvised stage near the parliament's building and started his speech, urging the people of Ukraine to join forces against corrupt authorities. He has also denied all accusations brought by the SBU and the PGO.
About 1,000 people have gathered outside the parliament's building.
Previously, supporters of Saakashvili had built a barricade from paving stones on Triokhsviatytelska Street.
As UNIAN reported earlier, the SBU Security Service of Ukraine and prosecutors from the Prosecutor General's Office raided Saakashvili's flat on Kostiolna Street in Kyiv on December 5, after which he was detained.
The SBU said Saakashvili had been detained as part of an investigation into criminal proceedings related to assistance to participants in criminal organizations and to concealing of their criminal activities (Article 256 of the Criminal Code).
Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko accused Saakashvili of organizing protest rallies to seize power in Ukraine.
Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov called on Saakashvili to abide by law and face accusations rather than to cause bloodshed and clashes.
"Any conflict has a legal way of resolution only: everything that has been happening won't be settled without court," the minister wrote on Twitter.
We saw just about every detail of the LG G4 revealed last month on an early launch website.
Thanks to T-Mobile's energetic enthusiastic product evangelist, Des Smith, I've spent the two days testing out a leather backed T-Mobile LG G4 and encourage you to enter the contest running until 25 May.
The best new Android smartphone is clearly the Samsung Galaxy S6/S6 Edge, but the poor battery life, occasional lag, and extremely high price forced me to return it until T-Mobile and Samsung release updates to tweak things.
The HTC One M9 is a solid piece of hardware, but the camera is not as good as the new Galaxy. Thus, I hope to see the LG G4 impress me in camera performance, battery life, and design. The door remains open for a company to the best HTC and Samsung in this round of early 2015 smartphone releases.
Unboxing and first impressions
The particular test unit I was provided is number 10 out of 500 units that are being seeded early to enthusiasts and others selected through T-Mobile's Exclusive Preview Tour. T-Mobile clearly stated that this unit is pre-production hardware running non-final software, but that it would attempt to provide a software update to match the full retail product when the the phone version launches on T-Mobile later in May.
I'm not sure what the retail launch package will look like, but these Preview Tour versions come in a very sturdy box with the leather back prominently displayed on the top and a description of features detailed on the back. The box was actually difficult for me to open and took a bit of shaking up and down for me to get a grip on the top and lift it off.
The LG G4 sat on top of a USB cable, 2900 mAh battery, and A/C charger. The typical T-Mobile warranty info, quick start guide, and other pamphlets were not included in this package.
The first thing that grabbed my attention was the light tan leather back on the LG G4. It's hard to tell how this looks and feels in photos, especially with the center stitching. The center stitching has generated lots of discussions with many people hating it while others like the styling. Let me tell you that it looks great in person and I think most people are going to want the leather back.
The great thing about the LG G4 is that the back is removable so you can have multiple leather options or even a plastic one. The underside of the leather back is plastic and I think this will help with its ability to survive drops as plastic is pretty forgiving.
The other thing that immediately struck me was how light the G4 felt in my hand. It weighs in at 155 grams (5.47 ounces) with the 2900 mAh battery installed and leather back in position. I thought a 5.5 inch device would be a bit too big knowing that my 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus is quite large (172 grams) and not convenient to carry in a front jeans pocket or in shorts. The LG G4 is slightly wider and thicker than the iPhone 6 Plus, but it's about 10 mm shorter.
Hardware
The LG G4 is available in black, but that color is just found around the display and on the edges. The brown leather back looks great with the black front. You will also be able to buy leather backs in black and plastic covers in gray or white. Other LG photos show a number of back color options, but it's not clear if these will be available in the US.
LG has a 5.5 inch QHD 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution display at 538 ppi. I've said before that I am perfectly satisfied with 1080p, but the high-end devices are going with this higher resolution and as long as battery life doesn't suffer I'll take it.
One thing I love about these newer LG devices is the clean sides. You will not find a button or port on either side or the top. There is a small round spot for the IR transmitter and one for a mic on the top. Another mic, the headset jack, and microUSB port are found on the bottom.
Like a mullet, the party happens on the back of the LG G4. Here you will find the power button centered between the two volume buttons positioned below the camera lens. Double pressing the volume down launches the camera.
The camera on the LG G4 has the best specifications of any modern smartphone today with a 16 megapixel camera, f/1.8 aperture, 1/2.6 inch sensor, OIS, RAW capture support, manual mode, and laser autofocus. Positioned to either side of the camera lens is a LED flash and a laser.
The front camera comes in at 8 megapixels with a f/2.0 aperture lens.
Near the bottom of the back, on the left side, is the mono speaker opening. While the sound is decent, I would like to see LG move the speaker to the front or maybe the bottom. If your phone is resting on a flat surface, the curvature of the back does tend to increase the volume a bit so maybe that is the thought process behind the current design.
A removable 2900 mAh battery, microSD card, and microSIM card are found under the back cover. The microSD card slot supports cards up to 2TB, but since these aren't even for sale yet we have no way to test that capability. The battery on some other carriers is 3000 mAh and from what I understand that version may even fit in this T-Mobile unit.
The LG G4 has no water resistance (seems to be a common trend in today's smartphones) and no integrated wireless charging capability (you can add it with a replacement back). The LG G4 also does not support quick charging, which is a pretty significant oversight given that most of these new Android smartphones have this capability.
Software
Like Samsung, LG continues to cut the fat on its software and custom user interface. I personally prefer LG over Samsung and in my experiences LG's phones don't exhibit lag over time such as most Samsung models I have previously used.
The LG G4 supports Knock Code so you can customize your tap pattern to unlock the device without pressing the rear power button.
Apps loaded by LG include an extremly capable scientific calculator, efficient calendar, image gallery that supports Google Drive, Box, Dropbox, LG Cloud, and Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage services, LG Backup, LG Health, Messaging, Music, File Manager, Quick Remote, QuickMemo+, Voice Command, and Voice Mate. You won't find duplicate video or music services and overall these utilities are useful and enhance the LG G4 experience.
Carriers always like to load up some apps and the experience is the worst on Android since these apps cannot be uninstalled. T-Mobile is the best with the fewest pieces of bloatware. On the LG G4 you will find App Source, Device Unlock, Lookout, Mobile Hotspot, Mobile Money, T-Mobile My Account, T-Mobile Name ID, T-Mobile TV, and Visual Voicemail. Some of these can be disabled and they can all be hidden from the launcher if you have not interest in using them.
Looking ahead
I have to spend many more days testing before I can post a full review here on ZDNet so please let me know what you would like to see me touch upon in my review. At this time, here is what I plan on testing further:
Camera performance
Battery life
Themes, fonts, and other customization options
LG utilities such as QSlide, Smart settings, and dual window
Video playback and music experiences
The LG G4 is the only 2015 smartphone released so far with both a microSD card slot and removable battery. Samsung Galaxy fans who are angry at the new Samsung design philosophy may want to seriously consider the LG G4.
I took a couple preliminary photos in NY and show a comparison in my image gallery below of the G4 matched up with the iPhone 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note Edge, and Sony Xperia Z3. Images appear in the collage starting at the upper left and moving clockwise.
German police arrested seven Afghan asylum seekers in raids on refugee shelters today on suspicion the men repeatedly raped an Iranian teenager and filmed the sexual assault.
More than 30 police joined the raids on 10 rooms in several accommodation facilities in the towns of Nagold and Wildberg in the southwestern state of Baden-Wurttemberg, said police.
“The Afghan asylum seekers are suspected of having raped a 17-year-old Iranian asylum seeker several times and of having filmed the acts,” police and prosecutors said in a brief joint statement.
Germany took in almost 900,000 asylum seekers last year -- about half from conflict-torn Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan -- and put them up in shelters countrywide, including hostels, shops, sports gyms and army barracks.
Tensions have at times flared in the often overcrowded facilities, where refugees typically have little space or privacy and face the frustration of months-long waits to have their cases heard.
While some shelters have seen mass brawls between members of different national, ethnic and religious groups, in others women and children have faced a heightened threat of sexual abuse, say aid workers.
In one family tragedy that shocked Germany, a Syrian man was sentenced to 15 years' jail today for attempted murder after throwing his three children out of a first-floor window, badly injuring two of them, in a marital dispute.
The court in the western city of Bonn heard that the man, identified only as Zanar H., 35, had tried to kill the children, aged between one and seven, to punish his wife for “violating his honour”.
First Published: Nov 03, 2016 23:14 IST
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former sergeant major stood outside a business park holding a “Job Wanted” placard after 400 failed applications.
Wayne Taylor, 46, is a veteran of both Gulf wars and served in Afghanistan, Bosnia, Kosovo and Northern Ireland.
He was earning £45,000-a-year when he left the 26th Regiment Royal Artillery in December 2011. But now all he can find are minimum-wage jobs.
Wayne stood by the Chester Business Park in Cheshire with a sign reading: “Job Wanted. Educated to degree level. Speak to me please.”
His wife Laura, 48, who works part-time in admin, said: “When employers see his CV with ‘military' on it, all they think is ‘thick squaddie'. But my husband led hundreds of men.”
(Image: CASCADE)
(Image: CASCADE)
Wayne, from Wrexham, North Wales, joined the Army when he was 16 and served for 25 years. He has worked as a carer and a prison custody officer but has not settled.
He said: “Things have been difficult so it was time to be proactive and try something different.
“I've had no response from so many applications. It might just work.” The ex-senior NCO feels he would be ideally suited to a role in logistics and management.
Since leaving the military, he has gained a Level 6 qualification in leadership and management.
(Image: CASCADE)
Wayne added: “If you are ex-Army, they look and think we were only there to kill people. It's not easy.”
Representatives from a couple of firms at the business park came over to take Wayne's details on Friday.
But Laura said: “He was offered £8 an hour to deliver mattresses. No disrespect to people who do that, but he is capable of so much more.”
Wayne has been treated for post-traumatic stress disorder and has seen some of his former comrades take their own lives since leaving the Army.
Italian Americans were ridiculed for their food choices in the early 20th century. Today, pizza and pasta are staples of the American diet. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Vincent J. Cannato is an associate professor of history at the University of Massachusetts Boston and the author of “American Passage: The History of Ellis Island.”
When baseball legend Yogi Berra passed away last month, MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred called the late Yankees catcher “a beacon of Americana.” Sportswriter Frank Deford had employed the same theme a decade earlier, calling Berra “the ultimate in athletic Americana.”
That is quite a testament to a man born Lorenzo Pietro Berra to Italian immigrant parents and raised in the Italian enclave of St. Louis known as the Hill. There, he developed the outsize personality that would color the American experience with Italian wit.
Traditionally, when we think of Americana, we recall Grant Wood's “American Gothic” or Betsy Ross sewing the Stars and Stripes. Now we can also invoke Berra and his famous quote, “It ain't over till it's over.”
Berra, an anchor of the dynastic New York Yankees of the mid-20th century, exemplifies the broad influence that Italian Americans have had on American culture since arriving as impoverished and denigrated immigrants isolated in urban ghettos. From sports and food to movies and music, they haven't just contributed to the culture, they have helped redefine it.
That would have surprised many native-born Americans in the late 1800s and early 1900s, when immigration from Southern and Eastern Europe was on the rise. Most Italians came from the poverty-stricken southern regions of Sicily, Calabria, Campania and Abruzzo (although Berra's parents were part of the minority that hailed from the North). These immigrants worked mainly as semi-skilled and unskilled laborers, providing much-needed muscle for the United States' booming industrial economy. They toiled in steel mills and coal mines as “pick and shovel” day laborers or as brick- and stone-laying masons, as my grandfather and great-grandfather were.
Americans of that era saw Italians as a poor fit for democratic citizenship. Since many Italian immigrants were illiterate, immigration restrictionists sought to impose a literacy test for admission to the country that would have excluded Italians in large numbers. There was also a common belief that Italians were prone to violence. In 1893, the New York Times called Italy “the land of the vendetta, the mafia, and the bandit.” Southern Italians were “bravos and cutthroats” who sought “to carry on their feuds and bloody quarrels in the United States.” Three years later, the Boston Globe published a symposium titled “Are Italians a Menace? Are They Desirable or Dangerous Additions to Our Population?”
Nearly half of Italian immigrants were “birds of passage” who eventually returned to Italy. Those who stayed in America often settled together, forming poor ethnic neighborhoods. But these barrios were not simply replicas of their residents' native country. Regional cultures — which distinguished Sicilians from Neapolitans — blended along with American customs that children brought home from public schools.
Two events in particular helped develop the Italian American identity. Congress passed immigration quotas in the 1920s that primarily targeted people from Southern and Eastern Europe. The Immigration Act of 1924 slashed the annual quota for Italian immigrants from more than 42,000 to less than 4,000. Stemming the flow of newcomers into ethnic neighborhoods caused Little Italys to gradually shrink, and Italian Americans moved to the suburbs and diverse neighborhoods where they were more influenced by purely American music, movies and culture.
Then came World War II, which forged a strong feeling of national unity — one that was more inclusive than the nativist campaign for “100 percent Americanism” during World War I. At the beginning of the war, Italian immigrants who had not become U.S. citizens were deemed “enemy aliens.” But President Franklin D. Roosevelt determined that the designation was counterproductive as he sought Italian American support for the war and lifted it on Columbus Day 1942 , so Italians largely escaped the fate of interned Japanese Americans. A half-million Italian Americans (including Berra, who earned a Purple Heart) served in the U.S. military during World War II, with some of them fighting in the Italian countryside that had been their parents' home.
As they joined the military and integrated into suburbs, Italian Americans shed the popular stereotypes surrounding them. Gradually, the customs developed in Little Italys found acceptance in the mainstream and were absorbed into broader American culture.
Food is a good example of this phenomenon. In the early 20th century, Italian immigrant dishes were scorned and became the root of slurs like “spaghetti bender” and “garlic eater.” Garlic's pungency seemed un-American and uncivilized, and the strong smell was seen as evidence of Italians' inferiority. Its popularity in American markets and recipes today shows how drastically this perception has changed and how enmeshed Italian American culture has become in broader American life.
That's also apparent in red-sauce dishes that are staples in U.S. homes and restaurants. Big plates of spaghetti and meatballs, baked ziti, and chicken parmigiana are not common in Italy, but they reflect the unique Italian American culture immigrants created. Red sauce became prevalent in immigrants' kitchens because canned tomatoes were readily available in U.S. markets. Meat was a rarity in southern Italy but abundant in America, and the growing incomes of even working-class Italian households allowed for larger portions of meatballs and other dishes.
Pizza, believed to have originated in Naples, epitomizes Italian Americans' outsize influence on our culture, where pizza took on an entirely new meaning. Generally, Americans don't like the original Neapolitan pizza, whose crust tends to be a bit soggy in the middle — unlike the crispier Italian American version. An Italian restaurant owner who opened a pizzeria in New York featuring Neapolitan pies told me his customers complain that his pizzas are undercooked.
Italian Americans have continued to put new spins on the Neapolitan creation. In Chicago, they created the deep-dish pizza. New Haven's legendary Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana is famous for its white clam pizza, as well as its regular red-sauce and cheese version. In the classic American way, corporations also got into the act, from Domino's to California Pizza Kitchen. Few foods are more ubiquitous in the American diet, and few are more synonymous with American cuisine.
While Italian Americans' kitchens were changing the nation's palate, their creativity was winning over the popular culture. Before the dawn of rock-and-roll, many of the singers who defined American music were Italian Americans: Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Vic Damone, Tony Bennett, Perry Como and Louis Prima among them.
Sinatra, specifically, transcended his time and has influenced American music beyond his death. His songs have become the cornerstone of what critics call the Great American Songbook. The music itself is a cultural mash-up, borrowing from African American jazz with lyrics often written by Jewish songwriters. But with his cocked hat, Sinatra possessed an air of confidence that popularized Italian American swagger and sartorial style. He sang without an accent, but between songs listeners heard a voice from the streets of Hoboken, N.J., with Italian-dialect slang thrown in.
Italian Americans have also made a mark on film. Two of the four greatest American movies, as judged by the American Film Institute, were not only directed by Italian Americans but narrate stories about the Italian American experience. Martin Scorsese's “Raging Bull” is a gritty, hyper-realistic tale of the rise and fall of middleweight boxing champ Jake La Motta. And Francis Ford Coppola's “The Godfather,” based on the novel by Mario Puzo, is a tale about the tensions of assimilation, as Michael Corleone abandons his American ambitions to take over from his father as crime boss.
Coppola and Puzo were walking a fine line with “The Godfather.” The movie reinforced the connection that many Americans made between Italians and organized crime, a stereotype that bothered Italian Americans. But Coppola and Puzo turned the Corleones into classic American characters, embodying the broadly relatable conflict between fathers and sons, tradition and modernity.
Italian immigration, at least on a large scale, is now a thing of the past. But the influence of Italian American culture remains. These immigrants and their children did not simply melt into a homogenous stew of Americanism; they created a lively ethnic community that helped shape mainstream culture.
Today, Americans are once again concerned about the number of new immigrants and their ability to assimilate. It might not quite be “deja vu all over again” (to borrow from Yogi Berra), but the Italian American experience reminds us that immigration is a process of transformation for the individuals and for American society. That bilateral cultural evolution will continue to mold who we are as a nation.
vincent.cannato@umb.edu
Read more from Outlook and follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
Loading ... Loading ...
Last week the Syrian Army (SAA) backed by allied forces broke years-long ISIS siege of Deir Ezzor. Residents of the city were sincerely greeting liberators of the city. According to many experts, the SAA's success is an important step towards total elimination of ISIS.
This, of course, can be considered as a defeat of the West and its ‘partners,' who had worked with the Syrian armed opposition and radical groups — including ISIS — hoping to oust Assad.
The real prospect that the SAA would retake control over the oil-rich territories has made the U.S.-led Coalition launch a new military operation in Deir Ezzor. Apparently, the White House makes every effort to prevent the SAA from liberating the city from terrorists.
The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) announced on Saturday the launching Jazeera storm campaign in Syria's Deir Ezzor, which was aimed at capturing areas in northern and eastern countryside and advancing towards the Euphrates River.
The U.S. intention to prevent the SAA is confirmed by Major General Rupert Jones, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the US-led Coalition. Sunday, Jones threatened to strike any units of the SAA if it crossed the Euphrates River.
At the same time, the U.S. takes another step to prevent Assad to establish control over the country. September 22, 2017, the Kurdish-led administration in northern Syria will hold elections for local councils and a regional assembly. In January, 2018, Kurds will hold the elections for the region as a whole. This, undoubtedly, won't be coordinated with the Syrian government.
Obviously, such kinds of promises were made only by the United States. That's why the SDF forces fight so selflessly and to give their full support to the U.S. ideas.
Despite all threats, the Syrian government maintains a firm position. In response to the unprecedented actions of the U.S.-led Coalition, Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad said the presence of any foreign forces in Syria would be unacceptable. According to Mekdad, the United States forces had better leave Syrian territory on their own, otherwise, they will be treated as “occupying forces.”
Besides, the SAA is planning to cross the Euphrates River in Deir Ezzor Governorate after liberating several areas along the western bank of the river and liberate more oil-rich territory.
It is obvious that for the SAA Deir Ezzor will become the decisive battlefield not only against ISIS terrorists, but also against the hypocritical ambitions of the West, led by the United States.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
An unlicensed immigration consultant appeared in court in Vancouver, Canada last week in an immigration fraud case which the prosecution described as “beyond any of the precedents”. Over a thousand Chinese immigrants who were clients of the consultant are now facing the possibility of having their Canadian nationality or residency revoked.
Wang Xun, 46, pleaded guilty to eight charges relating to the fraudulent immigration business – six counts under the Criminal Code and the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, and two counts of failing to report taxable income, Richmond News reported. Wang was accused of producing false documents for over a thousand clients between 2006 and 2013, charging up to CAD$10 million for the services, with the defendant pocketing up to CAD$2.7 million for himself.
Wang's clients, most of whom are Chinese nationals, could face having their Canadian nationality or permanent residency status revoked. Bruce Harper, Federal Crown counsel, said that these clients were not refugees, but well-off foreign nationals who got into Canada through fraudulent means.
Harper argued that Wang, who has been in custody since June, should be sentenced to seven and a half years in prison while his defence counsel sought a sentence of two and a half years. The decision on his sentence will be made next month.
Wang was born in Shanghai and holds a degree in engineering. A married father with two teenage boys, he emigrated to Canada in 1997 and worked in various industries, including insurance and then immigration services.
Under new rules implemented by the Canadian government that aim to speed up the immigration process, those who make false representations on their applications could be deported by the government, Taiwanese media Liberty Times Net reported.
Two cases of snake venom addicts documented in the January issue of Substance Abuse rekindle the prevalence of a troubling drug trend. Both patients used bites from venomous snakes to get high; their case reports describe feelings of heightened arousal, a sense of well-being, sleepiness, dizziness and lethargy. Sounds like a good time, so long as you can avoid the anaphylaxis, respiratory failure, acute renal failure and kidney failure that snakebites can cause.
Snake Venom as a Drug: Case Studies
In 1990, two additional cases of patients who used snake venom as a drug were featured in the Journal of Postgraduate Medicine. Both men were heroin addicts and preferred the snakebites to heroin; however, the psychiatrists behind the report noted that since the patients didn't exhibit withdrawal symptoms and did not receive daily snakebites, they probably weren't addicted to snake venom.
The patients profiled in the 1990 study reported feelings of happiness and grandiosity after receiving a snakebite. They were also able to sleep for hours while high. Initially, one of the patients could sleep for 18 to 20 hours after a single bite; after a few months, he could still sleep for 12 to 14 hours while high on snakebites.
Curiously, the authors of the 1990 report thought that snake venom had broader implications as a treatment for drug addiction. “We feel that snake venom may contain substances [that] reduce mental anguish without addiction,” they wrote.
The Benefits of Snake Venom
The curative potential of snake venom as a drug hasn't gone away since 1990. Anti-venom is derived from snake venom, and its toxins also have applications in other areas of medicine. In 2004, researchers found that snake venom contains an agent that can hinder blood flow to some cancerous tumors. Researchers at the University of Southern California have been studying snake venom to find a cure for breast cancer. And Aggrastat, a Merck aspirin that fights blood clots, contains a compound based on the anti-clotting properties of snake venom.
While snake venom addicts aren't likely to proliferate in the U.S., we may see new ways to get high on snake bites in the future if researchers have their way.
(By Marissa Brassfield for CalorieLab)
Geoffrey Boycott
Calcutta: Geoffrey Boycott criticsed England's poor showing against Australia in the World Cup opener. In reply, Eoin Morgan said that Boycott's words fell on deaf ears. Now, the former England captain has once again hit out at the current team.
In a column written for The Daily Telegraph, Boycott wrote: "The modern-day cricketer thinks because we have not played for 25 years that we know nothing about the game. They think cricket has changed so much that we are idiots. But it is still 22 yards, the ball is the same shape and weight. There are still three stumps and two bails."
"Do you think I would not have asked Len Hutton for advice because he had not played for years? I went to him for advice and knowledge. I used to talk to Jim Laker, what a fantastic mind he had. I wanted to understand how this great bowler used to think when he was bowling at batsmen. That helped me get into a bowler's mind."
"England captain Morgan says he and the team do not take any notice of what I say. Fine. But instead of trying to be dismissive of what I say, maybe they should listen because then they might play better.
"I would not keep changing the batting order and, as captain, I would have stopped my quick bowlers bowling half-track rubbish, slower ball off-spinners at the death against Australia. Captaincy is about using your nous and thinking on your feet in tough situations.
He blamed the money in the game for the modern players' attitude and said that Morgan doesn't quite belong to the top level. "Players are so financially well rewarded now, better than ever, that they think it makes them bigger stars than previous generations. The IPL makes them millionaires in no time. It gives them a false impression of how good they are. (Eoin) Morgan has played for lots of teams in the IPL, but he has always been the reserve. He has never been the go-to man for any of them. He is just not quite at that top level."
Boycott also questioned England's team selection. "With Morgan misfiring, England need all their best batsmen in the team and I do not understand why Alex Hales is not opening. When he went to Sri Lanka, he was the No.1 guy, then he got dropped for Moeen Ali. Most people think he should be playing.
"Gary Ballance does not bat at No.3 for Yorkshire in one-dayers. He usually bats No.5 and by the time he gets in with fields spread he collects ones and twos. Then, when he has got in, he plays big shots and can slog it at the death.
"With only two men out in the first Powerplay, you need someone to play boundary shots. That is not Gary's forte. He is a good cricketer and he can play but No.3? No, not in 50-over cricket.
"I told them not to open with Joe Root in Test cricket, but they shoved him up the order and he failed. It is infuriating that England do not listen to outside advice from people with knowledge and who care about the team," Boycott said.
The latest installment in the Call of Duty franchise, Black Ops 2, raked in a whopping $500 million in retail sales around the world in its first 24 hours of release.
"With first day sales of over half a billion dollars worldwide, we believe Call of Duty is the biggest entertainment launch of the year for the fourth year in a row," Bobby Kotick, CEO of Activision Blizzard, said in a statement.
Activision said that millions of fans attended more than 16,000 midnight openings at retail stores worldwide to be among the first to get their hands on the game. In its first 24 hours, Black Ops 2 was a trending topic on Twitter in 23 cities worldwide. The game's launch trailer has tallied up more than 30 million YouTube views since its release on Oct. 29.
"Life-to-date sales for the Call of Duty franchise have exceeded worldwide theatrical box office receipts for Harry Potter and Star Wars, the two most successful movie franchises of all time," Kotick said. "Given the challenged macro-economic environment, we remain cautious about the balance of 2012 and 2013."
The strong early sales figures are not surprising. Back in May, Amazon revealed that the single-day pre-orders for Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 were three times higher than the one-day pre-order total for the game's predecessor, Call of Duty: Black Ops.
Perhaps the secret to its success is that Call of Duty isn't just a game, it's a brand, according to Eric Hirshberg, CEO of Activision Publishing.
"Every November we do more than just the launch of a game, we kick off an annual, unofficial but worldwide phenomenon called the Call of Duty season," he said.
Call of Duty: Black Ops 2, penned by The Dark Knight scribe David Goyer, takes place in the year 2025 where a terrorist organization takes control of U.S. high-tech, unmanned war machines. Besides the futuristic weaponry and military craft that look like they were pulled from the set of a Terminator flick, there are also shootouts that occur on horseback, as well as a simmering Cold War between the United States and China over rare Earth materials.
Black Ops 2 is not the only video game franchise making big bucks this month. The recently released Halo 4 earned $220 million in its first 24 hours. For more, see PCMag's full review.
For more from Angela, follow her on Twitter @amoscaritolo.
Cricket South Africa has put out a tender inviting bids for eight T20 teams that will make up its new tournament to be played in the last quarter of 2017.
The competition will be similar to other major T20 tournaments around the world such as the IPL, BBL and CPL, and will be South Africa's flagship event in the format. It will be a completely separate event from the current six-team franchise system.
CSA is seeking foreign ownership of the teams and advertisements were placed in several international newspapers, including the front pages of some Indian dailies. It is understood CSA has already received interest from several sponsors and will have the funds to lure big name internationals to compete.
'Kolpak was a major consideration' The lure of Kolpak deals and the recent defections from South African cricket were on minds when the T20 league was thought up, CSA CEO Haroon Lorgat reportedly told the agencies. "Yes I must say that when we conceptualised a franchise based T20 league the Kolpak was a major consideration," Lorgat was quoted as saying by PTI. "Obviously, you want to give opportunity to the South African players to grow and also make a career out of cricket. "Earlier, the only way to have a good career was to play for South African national team but this league with eight teams will have 88 slots for Proteas players."
Tentatively, the tournament is set for November-December with a final pencilled in for December 16, a public holiday in South Africa. The dates of the inaugural event may depend on the availability of India for a four-Test, five-ODI and three-T20 tour of South Africa scheduled for the 2017-18 summer. The schedule has not been decided but CSA is hopeful of securing India for the festive season.
That will mean South African cricket fans will enjoy their busiest summer yet, with ten home Tests and a flagship T20 tournament.
"Our vision is to drive the creation of a new #T20 destination league in South Africa that would energise the sport of cricket in South Africa by creating a global platform for the best-in-class to perform and showcase their talent to a global audience," Chris Nenzani, CSA president said.
Nenzani and CEO Haroon Lorgat informed other member countries of their plans for the tournament at the ICC meetings in Dubai this week and early indications are positive that there will be global support for the event.
"We have received a very favourable response to our plans from the ICC and member boards and look to their support in our endeavour," Nenzani said. "We now look forward to another exciting chapter in the evolution of South African cricket and to the whole game benefitting from our new #T20 Global League."
As I flipped through the selection of CDs at Goodwill, I found myself unimpressed. I was just about to give it up and walk away when the cover of All That We Let In by the Indigo Girls caught my eye. The woman on the cover intrigued me. She reminded me of myself in a way that I couldn't put my finger on. I carried my newfound treasure over to my wife, Rachel, who was engrossed in her search for a cute sweater or two to fortify her against the cold weather that was swiftly approaching.
I held on to the CD all the way to the register, and fished it out of the bag as soon as we'd paid. We listened to it in the car on the way home, and I studied the liner notes as though trying to divine its secrets. As the first verses of “Free In You” began, I looked out the window lost in my thoughts, drifting back to the beginning of my life with Rachel.
Chapter 1: A First Glance
A long look
But no luck
I first met Rachel after we'd already been married for five years.
To be totally fair, that's when she first met Rachel too. Prior to that, she'd been living as my husband Joe.
We locked eyes as he passed, and my brain came to a standstill. Internally, I screamed. Speak, you idiot! Say something!
Joe entered my life in the fall of 2006. I was spending a lot of time on school grounds avoiding the painfully long drive from my mom's house to campus. The unseasonably warm weather frequently drew me outside to a spot under a tree across from the student center.
One day, I was stretched out on the grass soaking up the early evening sun before driving home. I was engrossed in The Phantom Tollbooth, an old favorite from my childhood I was re-reading for Children's Lit, when the peripheral glance of a passerby snatched my attention. Something about him took my breath away. He wasn't stunningly handsome, but he carried himself with the stature of one who doesn't give a fuck what you think. I spent the next few seconds hurriedly strategizing. I wanted to talk to him, but what could I say that would be so compelling that he'd stop? We locked eyes as he passed, and my brain came to a standstill. Internally, I screamed. Speak, you idiot! Say something!
Chapter 2: A Chance Encounter
A quick glance
A big chance
I took a deep breath and prepared to enter the party, which was in full swing already. I eased into the room, peeking around the corner at the clusters of people, noting familiar faces from the bookstore where I worked. I tentatively took my first steps into the living room.
My friend Sam crossed the room and threw an arm across my shoulder. “Hey, I got a bottle of Grey Goose.” My eyes lit up, and he jerked his head in the direction of the kitchen. “It's in there, but you'll have to ask nicely.”
I grinned, and turned towards the kitchen. Then I froze, startled. There he was again — the one from outside the student center. He'd been showing up everywhere lately: across the hall in geography class, then again on my first day at the bookstore, arranging the displays of pens. Now, he was at the party in my friend's apartment. I had to take a few shots before I could work up the courage to say anything. I wracked my brain for something clever, but the only thing I could think of was the geography test we'd just had. Fuck it, I was just going to go for it.
“So,” I said coyly, “are you as tired of hearing about adiabatic lapse rate as I am?”
…his breath tickling my ear. My pulse quickened, and I felt my face go hot. Something new began to stir inside me.
Chapter 3: A Brief Opening
My heart beat like a drum
Joe slid a piece of paper across the desk and tucked it under my notebook. I glanced at him out of my peripheral vision as the teacher droned on about Tchaikovsky, who she was currently confusing with Beethoven. Joe's eyes were locked on the professor, but I detected a small smile. I lightly tilted my head her direction and gave a slight roll of my eyes. The smile turned into a smirk, and he nodded toward the note he'd passed. I unfolded the small square of paper and read, “Want to go hiking tonight? I want you to meet someone.” I'd never been hiking and was less than enthusiastic, but Joe had plans to set me up with Brandon. If all went well, he could deflect his girlfriend's growing jealousy and consolidate his closest friends to a couple in one fell swoop.
A few miles in, I was not loving it. Brandon was a very experienced hiker, and I was having trouble with the pace. I stumbled and swore up the trail. We came to a narrow pass. I hugged close to the rock, petrified of the fifty-foot drop mere inches from my feet. The trail was icy in places from early snow, and I slipped. Instantly, strong arms circled my waist, steadying me.
“I've got you,” Joe said, his breath tickling my ear. My pulse quickened, and I felt my face go hot. Something new began to stir inside me. He'd never touched me like that. I chalked it up to adrenaline, but as we lay on a rock staring up at the stars, I couldn't shake the sound of his voice in my ears and the feeling of his arms around my waist.
About a month later, I was woken up by my phone. I checked the clock and groaned. It was 10 pm, and I had to be up at 4:30 to get to work. It was Joe. His girlfriend had broken up with him. His ex called me minutes later, telling me she was worried about him because he'd taken it hard. I lost all reluctance, and within minutes I was dressed and speeding down the highway. The drive usually took me an hour, but I made it downtown in forty minutes.
I found him outside the bus station, standing where his ex had left him. His sopping curls shed fat drops of water down his face. He crumpled into my arms immediately. I stroked his hair as he shivered and gasped until he was calm enough to guide to my car. I took him home and sat up with him until he fell asleep; then set up some blankets and pillows and fell asleep next to him.
Chapter 4: An Unexpected Ending
First a laugh
Then a kiss
My latest relationship had just fizzled out like a sparkler. I'd had high hopes, and I was bitterly disappointed. I numbly headed for home, stopping only to fill my car with gas. As I waited for the tank to fill, I pulled out my phone. My fingers automatically dialed Joe's number, and he consoled me as I sat in my car sobbing. He offered to come meet me, but my mom was expecting me at home so we made plans to talk after class the next day.
We walked back to his apartment the next day. Our conversation was a postmortem analysis of my latest breakup. I lamented my inability to find a lasting relationship. This was my fifth breakup in two years, and we'd hardly made it a month.
“It's not you,” he assured me, “he didn't know what he had in front of him.” I don't remember the turn of conversation that led us to fall into bed together. Maybe it was his fingertips on my shoulder blades as he tried to cheer me up. There was a surprising gentleness to his touch; he was normally so gruff, and I was taken off guard by his unexpected tenderness. We explored each other with uncharacteristic timidity. This was one of our last unexplored frontiers, and neither of us was on sure footing.
I couldn't imagine my life without him in it, and I didn't want to take the risk. He paused to consider what I'd said, then looked into my eyes and said “But what if we didn't break up?”
Chapter 5: A New Beginning
I saw you
And I knew
Chances just don't come
Round again
Not like this
There was an unusual lull in our conversation that afternoon. Neither of us had expected to end up in bed together, and hours later we were still in shock. He offered to keep me company on the way to my car, and I gladly accepted.
As we settled into our seats, he tentatively brought up the idea of us dating. I was initially resistant to the idea. He was my best friend, and I couldn't bear the thought of losing him. What if it didn't work out? What if we broke up, just like I had with so many others, and that was it? I couldn't imagine my life without him in it, and I didn't want to take the risk.
He paused to consider what I'd said, then looked into my eyes and said, “But what if we didn't break up?”
A life flashed before my eyes right then, a life with the best friend I'd ever had. I might not have a chance like this again. I took his hand, took the leap, and stepped into the next chapters of our life together.
Far from piling on the weight, a chocolate habit can help keep you slim, new research suggests.
Just in time for Easter, scientists have announced the discovery every chocolate lover has been waiting for.
A study has found that, despite boosting calorie intake, regular chocolate consumption is related to lower body mass index (BMI).
The effect is modest but greater than can be explained by chance, say the US researchers who took account of influencing factors such as overall fat consumption and exercise.
BMI relates height and weight and is the standard measurement used to assess levels of obesity.
The good news about chocolate emerged after scientists screened a group of 972 men and women with an average age of 57 for a study of statins - cholesterol-lowering drugs.
Among other diet and lifestyle questions, participants were asked: “How many times a week do you consume chocolate?”
Chocolate is known to contain plant chemicals called polyphenols that combat heart disease and may influence metabolism. The researchers suspected they might, to some extent at least, off-set the unwelcome effects of high saturated fat levels in chocolate bars and sweets.
No account was taken of different types of chocolate, some of which contain more healthy elements than others.
The results showed that chocolate was not only “calorie neutral” but actually appeared to make people slimmer.
Participants who ate chocolate on more days of the week than average were statistically likely to have a lower BMI than those who did not. This was despite the fact that people who ate more chocolate did not consume fewer calories overall, or take more exercise.
In fact they ate more - chocolate consumption was associated with greater overall saturated fat intake.
Volunteers had an average BMI of 28 - meaning they were overweight - and ate chocolate on average twice a week. No link was seen between the amount of chocolate eaten and either higher or lower BMI.
The findings appear in Archives of Internal Medicine, published by the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Study leader Dr Beatrice Golomb, from the University of California at San Diego, said: “Our findings appear to add to a body of information suggesting that the composition of calories, not just the number of them, matters for determining their ultimate impact on weight.
“In the case of chocolate, this is good news - both for those who have a regular chocolate habit, and those who may wish to start one.”
The scientists pointed out that chocolate products “are often rich in sugar and fat, contributing to assumptions that chocolate boosts BMI”.
They added: “This study does not obviate the possibility that some chocolate-containing products do so, that some chocolate consumption profiles do so, or that for some people, even frequent modest chocolate consumption does
so.
“Moreover, since findings are cross-sectional, causality in the observed association cannot be assumed. However, the finding fits with the literature suggesting benefits of chocolate for other metabolic factors.”
Previous research on rodents has suggested that chemicals in chocolate might speed up metabolism. One chemical derived from the chocolate ingredient cocoa, epicatechin, has been shown to boost numbers of mitochondria, the cell's energy-generating “power houses”. Mitochondria burn up calories.
Epicatechin reduced weight in rats whose calorie intake and exercise levels were unchanged.
“Parallel processes in humans, if present, could underlie our findings,” Dr Golomb's team concluded in their research article.
The results justified a randomised trial looking at the metabolic benefits of chocolate in humans, said the scientists.
PA
Violence erupted in Lasbela district's Hub area after police refused to hand over a Hindu man suspected of blasphemy to an angry mob, DawnNews reported, with locals resorting to pelting stones at police when their demands were not met.
Prakash Kumar, a local business owner, was suspected of sharing a picture containing allegedly blasphemous content on WhatsApp, Hub police officials said.
A First Information Report was registered against Kumar on the complaint of various community members under Sections 295-A and 295-C of Pakistan's blasphemy law. The suspect was shifted to Gaddani Central Jail.
Read more: Misuse of blasphemy law will not be allowed: minister
An hours-long protest outside the Hub city police station turned violent, with protesters pelting stones at police, after law enforcement officials refused the protesters' demand that police hand over the Hindu man to the community so they could administer justice themselves and 'punish' Kumar.
Hub City police dispersed the crowd of enraged protesters through tear gas shelling and aerial firing, and took 20 protesters into custody.
Search operations were underway to arrest those suspected of inciting the mob to violence, police said.
Hub Circle Deputy Sub-Inspector Police Jan Mohammad Khosa as well as Police Constable Mukhtiar Ahmed, and Additional Deputy Commissioner Tariq Javed Mengal were injured in the violence, along with an Edhi rescue official and a child.
The child later succumbed to his injuries, as he had received bullet wounds which turned fatal. The deceased boy is yet to be identified.
Shops owned by members of the Hindu community were shut down and all roads connecting Sindh to Balochistan via Hub were closed for operations until further notice.
Blasphemy is considered a highly sensitive religious issue in the country and it is not the first time when accusations of blasphemy ensued into acts of violence.
A few weeks ago a vigilante mob lynched 23-year-old Mardan university student Mashal Khan over allegations of blasphemy. He was shot and tortured to death even in the presence of police whereas police high ups said that the LEA personnel present at the scene were unable to control the massive mob.
A few months ago, several bloggers were also accused of blasphemy. Some of them were allegedly kidnapped and later released. After a hue and cry on media, the Islamabad High Court took notice of the issue and ordered concerned authorities to purge social media and the internet of blasphemous content.
Following the Mashal murder case, lawmakers and religious scholars alike repeatedly stressed that mobs cannot be allowed to take the law into their own hands. They also asserted that even if someone was accused of blasphemy, police should be allowed to follow due process and the case should be decided only in a court of law.
For all the talk during last week's Senate Democratic caucus about how Joe Lieberman went South forty years ago to march for racial equality and justice, did anyone even ask about his oversight of the Homeland Security Department that's created Katrina Kids, the sickest ever?
Now, the children of Katrina who stayed longest in ramshackle government trailer parks in Baton Rouge are "the sickest I have ever seen in the U.S.," says Irwin Redlener, president of the Children's Health Fund and a professor at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health. According to a new report by CHF and Mailman focusing on 261 displaced children, the well-being of the poorest Katrina kids has "declined to an alarming level" since the hurricane. Forty-one percent are anemic—twice the rate found in children in New York City homeless shelters, and more than twice the CDC's record rate for high-risk minorities. More than half the kids have mental-health problems. And 42 percent have respiratory infections and disorders that may be linked to formaldehyde and crowding in the trailers, the last of which FEMA finally closed in May.
The "recovery" from Katrina may be worse than the initial response itself:
The "unending bureaucratic haggling" at federal and state levels over how to provide services and rebuild health centers for the Gulf's poor has made a bad situation much worse, says Redlener: "As awful as the initial response to Katrina looked on television, it's been dwarfed by the ineptitude and disorganization of the recovery."
The criminal neglect is ongoing and could certainly benefit from some, um, Oversight:
The agency's case-management program also "has yet to provide any services for thousands of families," according to the report, and funding for the program expires in March. Redlener is optimistic that funds will be extended at least through mid-2010, since all that will require is "a stroke of the pen" from the new administration. But, he adds, he's "not Pollyanna-ish about how rapidly" the disaster-planning system will get its act together and come up with long-term plans for the impoverished families—or whether that will be accomplished in time "to make sure this doesn't happen again" with the next storm.
Tell me again, Senate Democrats, about how denying Joe Lieberman his Senate Homeland Security and Government Oversight gavel was all about retribution? No, it was about incompetence, criminal neglect, poisoning of children, crony contracting, and worthless government services — all of which were enabled by the independent Senator from Connecticut.
Heckuva job, Joe.
Facebook has been given 48 hours by a Belgian court to stop tracking Internet users who don't have profiles with the social media company, or face fines of up to 250,000 euros a day.
The order follows a case lodged by Belgium's privacy watchdog in June which said Facebook indiscriminately tracks Internet users when they visit pages on the site or click “like” or “share”, even if they are not members, the court said.
Facebook said it would appeal against the decision.
“Today the judge… ordered the social network Facebook to stop tracking and registering Internet usage by people who surf the Internet in Belgium, in the 48 hours which follow this statement,” the court said.
“If Facebook ignores this order it must pay a fine of 250,000 euros a day to the Belgian Privacy Commission.”
24 days of Rust - the glorious tau
Important note: this article is outdated! Go to http://zsiciarz.github.io/24daysofrust/ for a recent version of all of 24 days of Rust articles. The blogpost here is kept as it is for historical reasons.
τ (tau) is one of the most important mathematical constants (if not the most important), relating circle's circumference to it's radius. See the tau manifesto for the long explanation if you're still an unbeliever. Can we use it in Rust? Of course, there's a crate for that!
Let's see this amazing number in full glory:
extern crate tau ; fn main () { println ! ( "τ = {}" , tau :: TAU ); }
$ cargo run τ = 6.283185
We can do all sorts of important calculations with τ, just look:
extern crate num ; use std :: num :: FloatMath ; use num :: complex :: { Complex , Complex64 }; let radius : f64 = 15.0 ; println ! ( "circle circumference = τ * r = {}" , tau :: TAU * radius ); let c : Complex64 = Complex :: from_polar ( & 1.0 , & tau :: TAU ); println ! ( "Euler's identity: exp(i * τ) = {}" , c ); println ! ( "Trigonometry: sin(τ) = {}, cos(τ) = {}" , tau :: TAU . sin (), tau :: TAU . cos ());
And if someone really, I mean really needs to refer to that other mathematical constant, it is (regrettably) possible as well.
println ! ( "That other constant = {}" , tau :: TAU / 2.0 );
Here's the output:
$ cargo run circle circumference = τ * r = 94.24778 Euler ' s identity: exp ( i * τ ) = 1-0i Trigonometry: sin ( τ ) = -0, cos ( τ ) = 1 That other constant = 3.141593
Code examples in this article were built with rustc 0.13.0-nightly and tau 1.0.0.
The header photo (taken by me) shows Warsaw skyline from the Siekierkowski bridge.
Napisane 10 grudnia 2014
Wicks Brewing Company will be hosting the Cops and Cars Fundraiser on February 1st from 11am - 4pm at the brewery in Riverside, CA. The fundraiser benefits Fallen and Injured Riverside Police Officers. This event has something for everyone; live bands, a DJ, BBQ, and if hundreds of gallons of beer aren't enough, wait until you see the cars and show bikes that will be rolling in.
Wick's head brewer, Herbie, and assistant brewer, Kass, will be on hand to introduce two new beers in honor of fallen Riverside officer Michael Crain and San Bernardino Deputy Jeremiah MacKay. Both men fatally wounded last February in the line of duty.
Crain, who earned the nickname Freight Crain, because of his powerful yet calm demeanor, is represented as a Chocolate Milk Stout. The label displays a charging bull as a train, and includes his badge number 1226. Ultimately coming in with a bold, yet sweet flavor.
MacKay's label illustrates a sheepdog playing the bagpipes while wearing a kilt and clearly displaying the deputy's badge number, paying tribute to his heritage and love of bagpipes. Sheep Dog is a moderately hoppy Irish Red Ale with an American influence.
All of the proceeds and donations raised will go to the Riverside Police Officers Association Assistant Funds. Proceeds of Freight Crain and Sheep Dog sales go to the Crain and MacKay families.
Update
Along with Freight Crain and Sheepdog from Wicks Brewing Co. the following breweries will also be there in support of this fundraiser:
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 has gathered the most money for Make-a-Wish International!
At long last, the voting has closed for the Evo 2017 Player's Choice, raising over $150,000 for Make-a-Wish International. The game that has earned the most money, entitling it to the opening slot at Mandalay Bay's arena finals on Sunday–as well as a $10,000 pot bonus–is Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, with $71,690!
It has been a fierce battle and a close race between Pokkén Tournament ($66,906) and Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 for the top spot, with all other games trailing behind; Killer Instinct ($6116) and–remarkably–Windjammers ($4000) held strong in the middle of the pack. Nidhogg ($158) even managed to edge out over Mortal Kombat XL ($137), though the inclusion of Injustice 2 in Evo's main lineup likely has a bit to do with that. This morning was a particularly hard fight between the two leading games, and they were neck-and-neck in donation totals until a big push in the last moments.
The unofficial winner of the Evo 2017 Charity Drive is Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3! — Joey Cuellar (@MrWiz) February 8, 2017
These results are based solely on generosity.com's closing totals; stand by for official confirmation of Evo's ninth main game soon, once payments clear and the results are fully processed.
As recognition of the donation efforts from the Pokkén Tournament community, Evo also announced this on Twitter:
As a nod to Pokken's incredible effort, Evo will commit $10k to support Pokken tournaments in 2017! — EVO (@EVO) February 8, 2017
Sources: generosity.com; Joey Cuellar (Twitter); Evo (Twitter)
Doing the job, but not a very good job
When people talk about effective ways to mitigate the impact of online piracy, YouTube's Content ID is often used as an example of what works. Unfortunately, despite its role as poster boy for anti-piracy tech, in reality it falls flat as a gatekeeper against online piracy.
Aside from a labyrinth-like user interface that seems likely to have been designed–not to help– but to discourage rights holders from using Content ID, the actual fingerprinting technology behind it can be easily fooled.
YouTube introduced the Content ID system in 2007. At the time, the company was facing pressure from a Viacom lawsuit, among others. According to YouTube, it's pretty straightforward:
Videos uploaded to YouTube are scanned against a database of files that have been submitted to us by content owners. Copyright owners get to decide what happens when content in a video on YouTube matches a work they own. When this happens, the video gets a Content ID claim.
Looking to make money off work they don't own, clever YouTube users have discovered ways to fool the technology so their illegal uploads of copyrighted movies and music don't get flagged, blocked or removed.
I began noticing this phenomenon more lately as I've begun to find full, infringing copies of films uploaded that matched content owned by a film distributor I work for. This seems to be happening more often and I was curious as to how these pirated copies had avoided detected by Content ID. When I looked closely I saw that subtle manipulations in brightness had taken place along with slight adjustments to frame size and sometimes the crop of the frame.
When I started poking around YouTube to find other examples of these uploads they were easy to find. It only took me a few minutes to find dozens of copies of a variety of full copyrighted movies, old and new. One title I came across was the movie, Everest. Below are screen captures from two different full uploads of the movie I found streaming on YouTube.
In this case the uploader had used several techniques to avoid detection including reversing the frame (note the backwards title), darkening the lower part of the frame and cropping it. Of course, having recently viewed the film on HBO, watching a lousy copy like this on YouTube wouldn't be my choice, but apparently others didn't mind. Uploaded only a month ago, the movie had already racked up more than 16,000 views.
Pirate uploads make money for uploader and for YouTube
Why go to all this trouble to manipulate a movie for upload to YouTube? Well, it's the age-old pirate motivator–money. This uploader, who goes by the name Kenneth Lamb, has claimed ownership of this content and monetized it with ads. He makes money. YouTube makes money. The movie's actual production companies make nothing.
In an ironic twist, several of the ads that appeared when I was examining (and reloading) this pirated copy of the film were for films including DreamWork's upcoming movie Trolls and Warner Brother's Jason Bourne. It's more than a tad ironic that Hollywood studios are (inadvertently) putting cash in YouTube's hands via advertising on a pirated copy for one of its own productions.
I don't deal with music or audio files on YouTube but there are similar manipulations happening there as well where uploaders resample, add noise, etc. to fool the Content ID system into ignoring the file.
What can YouTube do to fix this growing problem? Per usual, the list is long and varied, but begins with asking Google engineers to design better fingerprinting tech. There are other companies that offer digital fingerprinting technology seem to do a better job catching these circumventions. If I can easily uncover an upload is a copy of the movie Everest, why can't Content ID? You can't tell me that with all its financial (and technological) resources YouTube doesn't means to upgrade its system?
Technological solutions exist. It's just a matter of priorities. Stopping piracy isn't a priority for YouTube.
Aside from updating its fingerprinting capabilities, YouTube could also improve the Content ID system through providing a better interface, more transparency, better compensation for artists, etc. Of course again that would mean lower profits for Google/YouTube so such straightforward fixes are unlikely. Meanwhile, YouTube makes great hay out of its concerns for poor, maligned users who may have received an erroneous DMCA notice. The company is willing to spend money to defend a few select uploaders but won't spend resources to fix its broken Content ID system?
Operating only a marginal (not great) Content ID system is in YouTube's best interests
Of course the powers that be at YouTube probably prefer to keep Content ID just the way it is–creaking along, occupying a neutral zone positioned between accolades and scorn. It's a safe position, one that gives YouTube officials cover when they use disingenuous excuses about their anti-piracy practices to critics, while avoiding any real (legal or financial) consequences.
Content ID does the job just well enough….but that doesn't mean it does a good job. It could serve as a true model for technological safeguards against piracy, but as now, it's merely a slight bump in the road for those determined to steal and monetize the works of others. Meanwhile, YouTube continues to pocket advertising cash, make its stockholders happy while leaving filmmakers and musicians on the outside, looking in.
Is it over?
Meek Mill‘s beef with Drake has carried on long enough, let's be honest. The rappers themselves aren't even perpetuating it, social media is. So, it's fitting that Meek took to social media to put an end to it.
According to the following snapshot, Meek is no longer “entertaining” the beef with Drake, citing bigger goals and issues at hand. This could have something to do with AR-AB‘s diss track to Meek, which was in response to Meek screaming “f*ck you” on stage at a recent Pinkprint Tour stop. AR's diss wasn't about throwing subtle shots like Drake and Meek's exchange, but instead was a violent retort, all but threatening a violent end to their riff. You can read Meek's full message, which was posted int he forms of an Instagram comment, below.
Meek Mill comes to his senses.. Posted and deleted this comment. Says he doesn't have to prove himself. Good read. pic.twitter.com/8cEIb2DKxV — DJ Akademiks (@IamAkademiks) August 12, 2015
To boot, Meek has also removed the only diss he sent to Drake, “Wanna Know,” from Soundcloud.
Israel has sold advanced military technology to China for more than a decade and is moving to expand its cooperation with Beijing, says R. James Woolsey, the Director of Central Intelligence.
The C.I.A. assessment was provided in written responses to questions by the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee. The committee made the assessment public last week as part of a report on recent hearings it conducted on "proliferation threats of the 1990's," a committee aide said on Monday.
There have been many news reports about the sale of Israeli military technology to China, which did not establish diplomatic relations with Israel until 1992, and the Rand Corporation has made similar assessments. The C.I.A.'s response to the committee was reported on Monday by NBC News and confirmed by the aide. Jets, Missiles and Tanks
The C.I.A. says China has been acquiring advanced military technology from Israel for more than a decade on programs for jet fighters, air-to-air missiles and tanks. The agency said the sale of Israeli military technology to China "may be several billion dollars."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Despite the previous reports, the bluntness of the C.I.A. assessment surprised Congressional specialists and appears to reflect a growing concern among American intelligence experts that China is seeking to use Israel to obtain the sort of advanced military technology that the United States and other Western nations have refused to sell to Beijing.
In early June, Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the annual St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. The headline moment at the event was a wide-ranging and at times combative interview with Megyn Kelly. But Putin quietly made news in another way—he signaled an official volte-face on the issue of cryptocurrencies, digital financial instruments such as bitcoin.
As recently as a year ago, the Russian government had threatened to jail users of bitcoin for up to seven years. The Kremlin had also toyed with the idea of creating its own digital currency to compete with bitcoin. Many observers speculated that Russia would then make all other digital currencies illegal to force adoption of its coin.
But sometime last year, something changed. Perhaps the Kremlin realized that creating a proprietary “digital ruble” defeated the purpose of having a dispersed-ledger digital currency. Possibly they observed the huge sums of money being poured into blockchain technology by Silicon Valley, and resolved to make sure Russia didn't get left behind when the technology became popular. (The blockchain is essentially a ledger with thousands of copies that gets updated every time a transaction takes place.)
Or maybe they just woke up to the vast array of possibilities that cryptocurrencies could offer in the service of money laundering.
Putin—and the rest of his oligarch friends—have a problem. The Magnitsky Act, which established strict sanctions on named Russian citizens, and the Russian hacking scandal currently consuming American politics, have woken up governments to the colossal amount of ill-gotten Russian cash being “invested” within in their borders.
Many countries, including France, Switzerland, Ukraine, and Poland, have launched investigations into Russian money passing through their banking systems, while others, such as Cyprus, Greece, and China seem to still be looking the other way. In March, the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project published a study entitled, “The Russian Laundromat Exposed,” revealing the vast and complex banking mechanisms that oligarchs use to skirt international financial controls.
From Putin's perspective, the solution to this dilemma could be cryptocurrencies. And the Ethereum platform (which is based on the blockchain model) appears to be the Russians' digital currency framework of choice. Ethereum allows clients to create their own digital “smart contracts” which can have a multitude of uses that transcend mere currency applications. Using a similar platform, called Waves, a startup recently raised nearly $4 million in an “initial coin offering” (think IPO) to begin manufacturing zirconium in Magnitogorsk, Russia. Each “ZrCoin,” issued by the company represents 1 kilogram of synthetic zirconium.
At a forum in Moscow in April, a Russian politician named Andrei Lugovoi sang the praises of the blockchain's versatility. He cited a World Bank study predicting that 10 percent of world GDP would be stored with the help of the blockchain as early as this year. He also said he expected a draft bill in the Russian Duma on regulation of cryptocurrencies would be made public in the second half of 2017.
If Lugovoi's name sounds familiar, it's probably because he was one of two men implicated in the 2006 death of Russian spy Alexander Litvinienko in London, via radioactive polonium-210 poisoning. A former KGB officer himself, Lugovoi is now an MP in the far-right LDPR party. He's also deputy chairman of the Duma committee on security and anti-corruption.
Last year, Lugovoi told a conference that blockchain-based currencies could become the best way to get around U.S. and EU sanctions. “This is is [sic] a rare situation where the sanctions policy of the West gives rise to the opportunity for homegrown business to create something new and allow the national economy to move forward,” Lugovoi said, according to Newsweek.
And the Russian blockchain community is indeed growing. A conference held in Moscow in May attracted hundreds of people; another is planned for September. And a group of banks working under the supervision of the Russian Central Bank is currently testing a proprietary Ethereum-based “masterchain.” Not only that, but Russia's largest online retailer, Ulmart, is expected to begin accepting bitcoin in September. And another politician suggested setting up a “Crypto Valley” on the Crimean Peninsula to raise regional funding in the part of Ukraine that Russia annexed in 2014.
At the St. Petersburg forum, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov enthused that Putin had “caught the digital economy bug,” and that the president had attended a small closed working group on the subject in which he kept them talking about the technology well past midnight. Putin even met privately with the founder of Ethereum, 23-year-old Canadian-Russian Vitalik Buterin on the margins of the conference.
It's no surprise Putin is excited. Even Ethereum's most ardent supporters will admit that once money is in the cryptocurrency loop—that is, after it's been exchanged for fiat money—it's devilishly hard to track, by design. Cryptocurrency transactions are anonymous, don't respect national borders, and are now nearly instantaneous. In theory, at least, it's the holy grail of money laundering.
As I write this, the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies is still relatively modest, just under $100 billion, approximately what shoe-maker Nike is worth. But the market is growing by leaps and bounds. Ethereum's flagship token, the ether, was up 4,000 percent for the year earlier this summer.
Most cryptocurrency transactions are perfectly trackable, thanks to a distributed ledger. (That sort of verification is part the appeal.) But trackable is not attributable. And in order for financial laws to function properly, some level of attribution must be built into the system.
As more governments agree on regulatory regimes to integrate cryptocurrencies into their business, more money will flow into them. Oligarch-sized transactions that would be difficult to impossible now will become more and more possible.
This isn't a problem in countries that operate under the rule of law. The United States and others are already working on laws and regulatory frameworks that will eventually be able to fully accommodate cryptocurrencies and take advantage of their unique properties. For example, it's now possible to trade bitcoin and ether as easily as yen and euros.
But what about in kleptocracies like Russia, where laws are bent and molded to facilitate, rather than prevent, corruption? It's not hard to imagine a situation where regulations are either designed to be ignored for the benefit of certain people, or are simply toothless and thus throw the door open to all manner of illicit activity.
The Magnitsky Act has been a thorn in the side of Putin and his cronies for a long time. But as we stand at the threshold of a new era in the world of finance, he may think he's found a way to beat it.
Tech Executive On NSA: Washington 'Exploits' Security Holes
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
And now, we're going to hear more reaction to the proposed NSA reforms from another tech company, Mozilla, the company behind the Firefox Web browser. Firefox is built with open-source code, which means that outsiders and users can audit privacy and security. And the company prides itself on its efforts to protect people's data when they browse the Internet.
Alex Fowler is Mozilla's chief privacy officer, and he joins me now from San Francisco. Mr. Fowler, welcome to the program.
ALEX FOWLER: Thank you. Pleasure to be here.
BLOCK: I was looking at your blog post from Friday, and you sounded pretty skeptical after the president's speech. You said the president didn't address the most glaring reform needs. So what, in your view, would be the most glaring reform need?
FOWLER: Well, so right now, we have a policy approach in Washington which is focused on not closing security holes but actually un-hoarding information about security backdoors and holes in our public security standards and using those then to exploit them for intelligence needs. In our perspective, and I think certainly those of your listeners - as you think about the news related to Target data breaches and breaches with Snapchat and other common tools that we use every day - that what we really need is to actually focus on securing those communications platforms so that we can rely on them. And that we know that they are essentially protecting the communications that we're engaged with.
BLOCK: Let me try to break this down just a little bit. Is one of the things that you're worried about the government subversion of encryption systems? In other words, the government might inject surveillance code into browsers. This is what's called the backdoor.
FOWLER: Exactly. Those are exactly the type of issues where, you know, it's not just by leaving those types of exploits in place, it's not just our intelligence agencies that may be using them to protect national security, but it also leaves them there for hackers and other criminals engaged in trying to break into those particular systems.
BLOCK: One of the things that you wrote about in your blog post on Friday was a concern about what you called a world of balkanization of the Internet. Why don't you explain what you mean by that.
FOWLER: Yes. So one of the really critical values of the Internet is that it is global, it is distributed, it is very easy for people to gain access to it. And so one of the things that we're always concerned about is any kind of governmental action whereby those countries would be isolating themselves, creating their own versions of the Net and closing off that broader access to information and the ability to contribute back to the broader Internet community. So balkanization is really a notion where you would essentially have a separate Internet for, say, citizens in Brazil than what the same users outside of Brazil would see when they visit those sites.
BLOCK: And do you think that's a realistic scenario at this point?
FOWLER: Absolutely. A year ago, we were talking about balkanization in the context of Russia and China. And now, we're talking about that in the context of Brazil and Germany, in democratic countries, seeing that as a viable approach to protecting the privacy and security of their citizens.
BLOCK: I want to get back to your blog post from Friday, Mr. Fowler. You wrote, Internet users around the world would be well served if the next director of the NSA makes transparency and human rights a true priority. Do you think that's a fair expectation for the head of a spy agency?
FOWLER: We do, actually. I mean, we think that any agency, even a spy agency, has to operate in the context that they find themselves. And right now, we are seeing a changing set of public values and concerns as it relates to those particular activities. And so I think it's important to remind ourselves that even an intelligence agency isn't above and beyond the law.
BLOCK: I wonder if you - you say there might be just a fundamental contradiction here, given that so much of our daily lives is now digitally recorded and preserved and transmitted, that there's going to be a huge temptation for both tech companies and the government to want to access that data.
FOWLER: I'm not sure I would describe it as a contradiction and more than what the responsibilities are for any organization in the business of collecting and using information from users. And I think that that's an important set of concerns that are still evolving. We're still relatively new at this. And so, you know, I would say that, while some best practices exists and industry has been very proactive in thinking about the types of protections and safeguards that they can put in place but, you know, we still look at data breaches, so we know we need to do a lot better. And I think that's a critical area for us as a society in the 21st century to get very effective at.
BLOCK: Alex Fowler is chief privacy officer with Mozilla. Mr. Fowler, thank you.
FOWLER: My pleasure. Thank you.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Note: the blog is written by Huang Siliang, an opinion leader in Chinese bitcoin community, on 13th Feb. It's an interesting read along with the tide of de-globalization.
Chapter 0 Introduction
PBOC has been strengthening the supervision to domestic Bitcoin enterprises. Companies related to bitcoin trading are paranoid and introduce a variety of restrictions on transactions. Harsher one prohibit Bitcoin withdrawal while easier company impose other policies to increase trade friction. On the other hand, PBOC still reserve abundant cards to play in terms of regulating Bitcoin.
It's under such a background that topic of “de-Chinalize Bitcoin” is getting popular in the industry. My suggestion is to abandon the idea completely. It's impossible to de-Chinalize Bitcoin.
Chasing profit is the nature of capital. Bitcoin is a product bred by capital. Therefore we describe Bitcoin as a speculative asset, form of investment or currency. It's impossible to control such nature as it is the basic instinct of capital. The law can restrict, induce or divert (the flow of capital), but it cannot be prohibited. As Karl Marx says, if capital has a hundred percent profit, it dares to trample all the laws of the world.
It is a natural law, just like gravity. The government cannot prohibit capital from gaining interests, just as the government has no power to forbid gravity.
But what if the government decides to go against the law of nature? Say the almighty central bank decides to ban Bitcoin from being chased by capital.
Similar cases happened before if you look back in the history.
Before China implemented reform and opening up policy, the government legislation was written to prevent the peoples of the country to pursue capital profits. Any civil business behavior was treated as treason. However, the villagers in Xiaogang decided to act against the government policy. They even signed a life and death contract before implementing the household contract responsibility system, which eventually led to the opening up of China and ultimately became a symbol of revolutionary events. “Fool melon seeds” (snack food) was blasted by the whole society for its business model (first company to promote prize-giving sales, banned by authority later). But finally the factory fried all the sunflower seeds in the country and the country started importing sunflower seeds. The case eventually led to bestowing of legal status to the country's self-employers.
The container was invented more than 50 years ago. As a revolutionary means of cargo transportation, container has greatly lowered the cost of transport, making the Chinese products far cheaper than if they were manufactured in the suburbs of New York. The global economic pattern was reshaped. Standardized, automated container casts a direct impact on the livelihood of the dockworkers. These established parties were trying to prevent capital from chasing higher profits. Workers resisted container in various forms such as rallies, strikes, and 21,000 New York dockworkers gathered at Madison Square Garden to indict the evil of container. However, all this action was futile against the wheel of history. The trend of the new technology is unstoppable. The container soon prevailed in the shipping industry.
Last year the taxi driver resisted the Uber-like car service by violence. They went on strikes, petition in front of government, beating Uber car driver … … Does it stop capitalists from creating higher profit by integrating more advanced resources and technologies?
More brutal story could be tracked back to over one hundred years ago, the Qing dynasty believed the country had everything they would ever need and those foreign businessmen could make money through the mercy of the emperor. When the emperor wanted to stop them from doing business with the Chinese people, then the foreigners declared wars just to force the opening of business. This is the nature of capital.
Chapter 2 Tug-of-war between government and Bitcoin will continue
Now bitcoin has passed the most brutal confrontation period with government. Led by the US government, through the lobbying of American entrepreneurs, a number of states have clarified the currency and the commodity attributes from a legal perspective.
But like Uber, Bitcoin naturally disrupts the interest of large numbers of establishments related to fiats. The relationship between Bitcoin and government will not be clear. In the process of colliding with the old order, Bitcoin will have a rough time. But the adventurous instincts of human capital will play an important role in this process.
This year Chinese government chose to confront Bitcoin in a very aggressive way. Chinese bitcoin entrepreneurs have to tackle the situation arduously, hoping to reach agreement with the government and stumble a way out for survival.
The social benefits brought by Bitcoin is positive as a whole. It's impossible for any liable government to take chances to protect the establishment's interest by comprising the social good. The most logical action for a government to take is adoption of wait-and-see attitude.
We should realize that Bitcoin is no longer in its infancy, it is growing fast every day and has been welcomed by people. I want to say that it is still in a clumsy adolescent stage, trying to win the respect of others, struggling to face the challenges of society, always showing the world its strength. There is no sign of slowing down for its growth.
The relationship between Bitcoin and government is inextricably interwoven. Bitcoin industry needs government support while government can also use Bitcoin for the benefit of society. The currency properties of the Bitcoin have naturally hurt the interest of government. Therefore the gaming between government and Bitcoin will be sure to last in the coming days.
Chapter 3: Bitcoin will continue to survive in China, one of the most important economic nodes in the world
With the strong-hand of central bank, China's Bitcoin entrepreneurs are giving away market shares step by step. Chinese exchange volume took a nose dive and had given away the first place to Japan market.
However, the price collapse did not happen as much people expected. Currently the normal price stands at 7,000 CNY. OTC trade flourish as obtaining BTC through exchange is getting more and more difficult. Demand for acquiring bitcoin will not vanish with the central bank's attitude. Such demands used to be met by centralized exchanges and now shifted to OTC market, which is even harder to monitor.
in February 2014, Russia issued a direct order to ban bitcoin, which resulted in the booming of trading via localbitcoins. By the end of 2014, OTC trade in Russia had increased over 300 times. This ban is basically meaningless, but will push bitcoin trading activity into the OTC and underground market, where money laundering and capital flight are not being regulated.
Today I deposit 100 yuan to OKCoin to see if the exchange is still in normal operation. My bid and ask order are taken away smoothly. There is a 200 price gap between OKCoin and other exchanges that allow bitcoin withdrawal. As long as the price gap is there, people will take the risk of withdrawal suspension to realize profits.
Human law cannot defy the laws of nature. With enough profits, capital dare to fight against any legal sanctions. In other words, “if there is a hundred percent gain of the capital, it dares to trample all human law.”
China is now the center of the world, or is increasingly becoming one. China is somehow a rising country, which is not a pale patriotic remark. Why the Bitcoin mining chips and mining farms are mostly located in China? Because the manufacturing base of electronic products is located in Shenzhen and Dongguan. The deployment of hashing power in China is the option with the lowest cost and the highest profit. There is not other way around.
It's profitable to operate bitcoin-related business in China, which is the inevitable result of China's economic development. Similar business in Afghanistan does not yield profits because it is a poor place. In China there is a profit, you can not prohibit the Bitcoins climbing capital in China to take root.
Therefore there is no way to de-Chinalize bitcoin, even if it is banned by the central bank unless China is no longer part of global economy, or Bitcoin is no longer a good investment and a good currency.
Chapter 4 the End
If there is a hundred percent profit, capitalist dare to trample all the laws of the world. If there is 500 yuan gap between OKCoin price and transferrable bitcoin, I am going to deposit in OKCoin.
South Korea has confirmed five more cases of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), bringing to 30 the number of infected people since the outbreak began in the country two weeks ago.
Seoul reported its first two deaths from MERS on Tuesday, fuelling fear in the country which has reported the most cases outside the Middle East, where the disease first appeared.
The country has quarantined or isolated about 1,300 people for possible MERS infection.
More than 200 schools, most in the province of Gyeonggi around the capital, and where the first death occurred on Monday, were shut for the week, the education ministry said.
Of the five new cases reported on Wednesday, four had been in the same hospital as the first patient, a 68-year-old man who had just returned from a trip to four countries in the Middle East.
The other, a 60-year-old man, caught it from another infected person.
Media said health authorities were conducting tests on an elderly patient who died on Sunday after sharing the same hospital ward with one of the two MERS-infected people who had died. Officials said it was likely she died of an existing illness.
The new cases would bring the total number globally to 1,166, based on World Health Organization (WHO) data, with at least 436 related deaths.
The WHO has not recommended trade or travel restrictions for South Korea, although the country's border control authorities have put a ban on overseas travel for people isolated for possible infection, a health ministry official said.
Transparency
Pressure is growing for the government to identify the hospitals treating infected patients as fear and confusion mount.
Public health authorities have insisted it was "helpful" to keep the names of the hospitals from the public, but in an opinion poll published on Wednesday, 83 percent of respondents demanded that the government identify them.
Ian Jones, a specialist virologist at Britain's University of Reading who has followed MERS since it first emerged, said transparency would help in the effort to stop the outbreak.
"Being open about the cases, their locations and their condition, is best for control - even if this causes some alarm in the short term," he said.
Some experts have said the 38 percent death rate from MERS might be overstated as patients with little or no symptoms might go undetected.
Symptoms of MERS can include cough, fever, and shortness of breath. It can lead to respiratory failure, the WHO said.
Cardinals DFA Jhonny Peralta, make changes on coaching staff
St. Louis Cardinals general manager John Mozeliak announced changes to manager Mike Matheny's coaching staff and said veteran third baseman Jhonny Peralta has been designated for assignment.
During a news conference Friday, Mozeliak said third-base Chris Maloney has been reassigned within the organization and will be replaced by Mike Schildt. Assistant hitting coach Bill Mueller will take a leave of absence.
The Cardinals had just completed an 0-7 trip before returning to St. Louis to open a homestand Friday.
“This is not how envisioned … this season,” Mozeliak said during the news conference. “You can't just blow the whole thing up. You have to start somewhere.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 16: Manager Mike Matheny #22 of the St. Louis Cardinals looks on while the umpires review a call against the San Francisco Giants in the top of the third inning at AT&T Park on September 16, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)
“I hope everybody recognizes all of us feel responsible for where we are.”
Peralta, 35, was hitting .204 with 0 RBI in 54 at-bats this season. He will be replaced on the roster by Kolten Wong, who was activated from the disabled list.
Here's how the St. Louis Post-Dispatch summed up the current state of the Cards this morning: “The Cardinals (26-32) had never been six games below .500 in manager Mike Matheny's tenure before this season and had never been more than three games below after April. Here it is June. They haven't been this far away from a winning record since the end of 2007. That season they were also 26-32 on June 8, and that year ended with an overhaul of the organization”
Mozeliak was asked if the Cardinals might actually be sellers before next month's trading deadline. They enter today 26-32, 4 1/2 games behind the first-place Milwaukee Brewers in the National League Central.
“No we're not against [a rebuild],” he said. “The right way to think about it is we're going to take 4-6 weeks to see where we are. … I don't think we'd ever consider” trying to finish last.
“Are you a playoff team? Well playoff teams do well in all facets of the game. As I stand here right now we're coming up short,” Mozeliak added.
Cardinals fans have been abuzz about their team's disappointing season.
The government moved Thursday to strengthen protections against discrimination for women, transgender people, the disabled and others who receive care throughout the health-care system, including those who buy insurance under the Affordable Care Act and providers that receive federal funding.
The ACA already bars discrimination based on sex and other factors, but the long-delayed proposed regulation issued Thursday explains how the protections will be applied to insurers and health-care providers, such as hospitals and doctors who receive Medicare and Medicaid payments, and it clarifies the standards federal officials would use in implementing the law. The proposed regulation comes as social attitudes about sexuality and gender are undergoing major shifts.
The proposal for the first time includes bans on gender identity discrimination as a form of sexual discrimination, language that advocacy groups have pushed for and immediately hailed as groundbreaking.
But the proposed rule does not provide specifics on other key protections that advocates have sought, such as including sexual orientation as a form of sexual discrimination. Officials said they are seeking more input during the comment period that ends Nov. 6 on how best to incorporate those protections. Nor does the proposal address something that many AIDS organizations say is discriminatory — when insurance plans make it difficult for HIV/AIDS patients to get access to and afford needed medications.
Under the proposed regulation, women could not be charged more than men for insurance or services because they need prenatal or maternity care. Insurers could no longer categorically exclude coverage for gender transition services, although they would not automatically be required to provide surgery or other care. Health-care providers could not refuse to treat transgender people. Individuals would need to be given access to bathrooms consistent with their gender identity.
[Here's how sex reassignment surgery works]
The proposed rule, if finalized, would have a broad impact. It would apply to insurance companies that participate in the health law's insurance marketplaces — a relatively small share of insured Americans — but also to all plans offered by these insurers. For example, because Aetna participates in the marketplaces, the rules would also generally apply to plans where Aetna offers insurance to an employer group or administers its self-insured plan.
Advocacy groups, many of which have been working with federal officials on aspects of the rule, praised the announcement. The National Women's Law Center called it “a critical step toward full and effective implementation” of protection against discrimination. The National Center for Transgender Equality said it has “the potential to be life-saving for transgender people.”
“Advocacy groups have been waiting a long time for this, and it answers some important questions, but leaves others unanswered,” said Jennifer Kates, a vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Insurance industry experts said it's unclear how much change is required to existing benefit requirements and what that could do to the cost of coverage.
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said the proposed rule strengthens protections for some of the most vulnerable people in the health-care system, and gives every American access to the health care he or she deserves.
A doctor, for example, couldn't ask a woman's husband to be the guarantor of her payments if he didn't ask the wife to be the guarantor for the husband. A dependent daughter couldn't be denied maternity coverage if she is on her mother's insurance.
Women have historically been underrepresented in medical research. The proposed rule expands existing nondiscrimination prohibitions in health research to ensure that no federally funded medical research discriminates against women.
“Women have to be treated equally to men in the health services they receive and the health coverage they obtain,” said Jocelyn Samuels, director of the HHS office of civil rights, in a phone call with reporters.
People who with limited English skills may also be eligible for interpreters and translators, so they could understand their diagnoses and treatments. The disabled may be able to demand access to interpreters or technology that helps them communicate with health-care providers.
Transgender people have long complained of widespread discrimination in the provision of health care, “from disrespect and harassment to violence and outright denial of service,” according to a 2011 report, “Injustice at Every Turn,” by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and the National Center for Transgender Equality, that is considered the most comprehensive survey of the difficulties they face.
[What it's like to be a transgender woman when you're not Caitlyn Jenner]
In the survey, 19 percent reported being refused care, 28 percent were subjected to harassment and 2 percent said they were victims of violence in doctor's offices. Half said they had to teach providers something about care for transgender or gender nonconforming people. That population reported more than four times the average rate of HIV infection.
A recent survey of physician resident trainees found that their knowledge and willingness to assist with hormone therapy increased from 5 percent to as much as 76 percent after a single educational lecture, according to endocrinologist Joshua Safer at Boston Medical Center. Safer, who is also an associate professor of medicine and molecular medicine at Boston University School of Medicine and his colleague Dylan Thomas, published their findings online last month.
Amy Ellis Nutt contributed to this report.
Chuck Schumer. Joshua Roberts/Getty Images Chuck Schumer delivered his first speech as Senate minority leader on Tuesday, spending most of the address from the Senate floor speaking about how Democrats would deal with President-elect Donald Trump.
The New York Democrat promised his party would not "be a rubber stamp" for Trump.
"It is not our job to be a rubber stamp," he said. "If the president-elect proposes legislation that achieves that — on issues like infrastructure, trade, and closing the carried interest loophole, for instance — we will work in good faith to perfect and, potentially, enact it. When he doesn't, we will resist."
Schumer said the new Senate would be an "accountability Congress" that "works to make sure" Trump keeps his campaign promises to "truly make America great."
"But we'll fight him tooth and nail when he appeals to the baser instincts that diminish America and its greatness — instincts that have too often plagued this country and his campaign."
Some of those specific promises, he said, include increasing the nation's GDP growth in excess of 5%, bringing down unemployment, getting tough on China, protecting Social Security and Medicare, and pushing an infrastructure package.
Schumer also criticized Trump for seeming "to be marching lockstep with a bullying, dissembling autocrat who has caused a great deal of trouble around the globe and here in America, Vladimir Putin," and said Democrats would respond if Trump doesn't select a "mainstream" justice to fill the Supreme Court seat vacated by Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last February.
Schumer called on Trump to reveal his healthcare plan amid his promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.
"It's not acceptable to repeal the law, throw our healthcare system into chaos, and then leave the hard work for another day," he said.
Schumer said that through the transition, he believes Trump "seems to have forgotten" what got him elected president.
"The bottom line is, the president-elect ran as a change agent," he said. "He ran against the establishments of both parties. He promised to change the way America operates, to oppose elites, drain the swamp, and pay attention to working families."
The biggest sign of his forgetting, Schumer said, have been his Cabinet selections.
"Looking at the Cabinet — which is stacked with billionaires, corporate executives, titans of Wall Street, and those deeply embedded in Washington's corridors of power — it seems that many of his campaign themes are quickly being abandoned," he said. "He said he was going to un-rig the system. So far, it still looks rigged. Too many of his Cabinet picks support the same hard-right, doctrinaire positions that many in the Republican Party have held for years — policies that the American people have repeatedly rejected."
Trump's presidency "will not succeed" if he adopts "hard-right" policies, Schumer said.
Schumer then took aim at Trump's persistent use of Twitter, saying that "making America great again requires more than 140 characters per issue," and that "America cannot afford a Twitter presidency."
"There's nothing wrong with using Twitter to speak to the American people," he said. "It's a good use of modern media. But these issues are complex and demand both careful consideration and action. We cannot tweet them away."
"Tweeting 'very smart' to Vladimir Putin for ignoring American sanctions is no foreign policy," Schumer added later. "America does not conduct foreign policy by tweet, least of all by flattering Putin after our intelligence agencies have confirmed that Russia interfered in our election."
Trump recently told Schumer, according to The New York Post, that he was a bigger fan of the New York Democrat than he was of Republican leadership including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Trump and his family had donated more money to Schumer than to any other sitting senator.
London cops reach new heights of anti-terror poster stupidity
The London police have bested their own impressive record for insane and stupid anti-terrorism posters with a new range of signs advising Londoners to go through each other's trash-bins looking for "suspicious" chemical bottles, and to report on one another for "studying CCTV cameras."
It's hard to imagine a worse, more socially corrosive campaign. Telling people to rummage in one another's trash and report on anything they don't understand is a recipe for flooding the police with bad reports from ignorant people who end up bringing down anti-terror cops on their neighbors who keep tropical fish, paint in oils, are amateur chemists, or who just do something outside of the narrow experience of the least adventurous person on their street. Essentially, this redefines "suspicious" as anything outside of the direct experience of the most frightened, ignorant and foolish people in any neighborhood.
Even worse, though, is the idea that you should report your neighbors to the police for looking at the creepy surveillance technology around them. This is the first step in making it illegal to debate whether the surveillance state is a good or bad thing. It's the extension of the ridiculous airport rule that prohibits discussing the security measures ("Exactly how does 101 ml of liquid endanger a plane?"), conflating it with "making jokes about bombs."
The British authorities are bent on driving fear into the hearts of Britons: fear of terrorists, immigrants, pedophiles, children, knives... And once people are afraid enough, they'll write government a blank check to expand its authority without sense or limit.
What an embarrassment from the country whose level-headed response to the Blitz was "Keep Calm and Carry On" -- how has that sensible motto been replaced with "When in trouble or in doubt/Run in circles scream and shout"?
New campaign to urge Londoners to report suspicious activity
MogIA, an artificial intelligence (AI) system developed by an Indian start-up, correctly predicted the outcome of this year's elections. It based its analysis on 20 million data points from platforms such as Google, Twitter, and YouTube, reviewing public engagement across various posts in relation to individual candidates.
Earlier this year, an AI system was able to accurately predict the winners of the Kentucky Derby. In October, a study reported that AI can already predict the outcomes of cases at the European Court of Human Rights with a 79% accuracy.
Leading up to the historic election, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton led the late polls with a small, but consistent lead. This made Republican nominee, Donald Trump's victory a complete surprise for the nation, if not the world.
“While most algorithms suffer from programmers'/developers' biases, MoglA aims at learning from her environment, developing her own rules at the policy layer and developing expert systems without discarding any data,” said Sanjiv Rai, founder of Genic.ai, which developed MogIA, told CNBC.
Irish postman delivers letter sent from Belfast to 'Your man Henderson, that boy with the glasses' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A letter simply addressed to “Your man Henderson, that boy with the glasses” has proved that postmen in Ireland really are the best. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/irish-postman-delivers-letter-sent-from-belfast-to-your-man-henderson-that-boy-with-the-glasses-31386434.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article31386433.ece/1ab82/AUTOCROP/h342/CJ-ewGTWgAAq07z.jpg%20large.jpg
Email
A letter simply addressed to “Your man Henderson, that boy with the glasses” has proved that postmen in Ireland really are the best.
Sent from Belfast city to the town of Buncrana in Co Donegal, the note travelled more than 80 across Ireland before it was received by its intended recipient, Barry Henderson.
The letter was addressed to: “Your man Henderson, that boy with the glasses who is doing a PhD up here at Queen's in Belfast. Buncrana, County Donegal, Ireland.”
The letter was sent by a friend of Mr Henderson, who is studying for a PhD in modern history at Queen's University in Belfast, to prove just how small a place Buncrana really is.
The Donegal town has a population of about 7,000 people.
A local postman was handed the letter and knew exactly who it belonged to.
He passed it Mr Henderson's wife Roisin, a journalist at a local newspaper in Buncrana.
Inside, the letter simply read: "If this has arrived, you live in a village."
Sharing a picture of the letter on Twitter, Mrs Henderson wrote: "A guy Barry knows sent him this from Belfast, with that wee note included inside it.
“I think it's brilliant. Only in Donegal”
Irish Independent
Irish Independent
US diplomats in Yemen say they have been in contact with an American citizen whose lawyers consider him to have disappeared from jail in the country. The diplomats, however, will not reveal where he is.
Cori Crider, an attorney for Sharif Mobley, who faces a murder case after authorities abandoned terrorism charges, expressed shock to the Guardian that US authorities would not tell her where her client is. Crider suspected that the US, which sent interrogators to interview Mobley shortly after he was detained, is complicit in his apparent disappearance.
Early on Friday, the US embassy in Sanaa shifted from its months of silence on Sharif, who has been unavailable to his lawyers since 27 February.
An embassy official, William Lesh, emailed Crider and said: "The Yemeni authorities recently did make it possible for us to meet with him. For security reasons we cannot disclose the location."
For months, Yemeni officials have insisted that Mobley remains in Sanaa's Central Prison, despite his lack of appearances in at least two court hearings this year and his lawyers' inability to find him. Mobley's charges carry the death penalty.
"Mr Mobley appeared to be in good health with no major complaints. He said we could tell everyone he is fine," continued Lesh, who said Mobley requested the diplomats contact his local attorney.
"He did not wish us to contact anyone else," Lesh said.
US officials have been involved in Mobley's detention in murky ways since it began in 2010.
Mobley, who hails from New Jersey, moved to Yemen in 2008 to study Arabic. He had become a devout Muslim and his friends considered him radicalized. Reportedly, US officials believed Mobley could lead them to a priority counterterrorism target, another US Muslim in Yemen – the al-Qaida propagandist Anwar al-Awlaki. The US substantially underwrites the Yemeni security services.
In January 2010, shortly after a man with ties to al-Awlaki attempted to bomb a civilian jetliner, a group of armed men snatched Mobley at gunpoint, shot him in the leg and detained him. Declassified and heavily redacted FBI documents show that US interrogators showed up to his hospital bed on 30 January 2010 and claim he was "medically cleared for questioning”.
Yemen charged Mobley with murder after a guard was killed following what authorities claim was an escape attempt. It did not file terrorism charges.
In June, a Yemeni judge ordered the country's attorney general, Ali Alwash, to produce Mobley at a trial hearing scheduled for 20 August.
Crider, an attorney with the British human rights group Reprieve, has said Mobley disappeared shortly before attorneys were to introduce evidence in court detailing further US involvement in his original detention.
Crider said she doubts that Mobley can receive a fair trial after being denied counsel for five months and called upon the US embassy to ensure with the Yemenis that he can see his lawyers.
"It's very worrying that the US government knows where its disappeared citizen is and flatly refuses to tell his family or his lawyers," Crider told the Guardian.
"They won't even state which government agency holds him. It's hard not to conclude US officials are mixed up in this detention, just as they were involved in Mr Mobley's first disappearance."
Lesh, who told Crider US diplomats "look forward to visiting [Mobley] again soon", did not immediately respond to a request for comment and questions concerning his access to Mobley.
DeepMind cofounder and chief scientist Shane Legg. DeepMind
DeepMind, a London-based artificial intelligence (AI) lab bought by Google for £400 million in 2014, was cofounded by three people in 2010 but one of them remains relatively unknown.
Shane Legg, DeepMind's chief scientist, gives significantly fewer talks and far fewer quotes to journalists than his other cofounders, CEO Demis Hassabis and head of applied AI Mustafa Suleyman.
Last year, Hassabis saw his face splashed across the internet alongside Google cofounder Sergey Brin when DeepMind pitched its AlphaGo AI against the Lee Se-dol, the world champion of Chinese board game Go. Suleyman has also garnered much of the limelight due to DeepMind's work with the NHS, which has resulted in both positive and negative headlines.
But Legg remains somewhat of an unknown entity, choosing only to talk about his work at the occasional academic conference or university lecture. With the exception of this rare Bloomberg interview, you'll be hard pushed to find many stories about DeepMind that contain quotes from the safety-conscious cofounder, who mathematically defined intelligence as part of his PhD with researcher Marcus Hutter.
DeepMind told Business Insider that the 43-year-old works alongside Hassabis to lead DeepMind's research, which largely focuses on developing algorithms that can learn and think for themselves.
Much of Legg's time is dedicated to hiring and deciding where DeepMind, which employs around 400 people over two floors of a Google office in King's Cross, should focus its efforts next. Arguably more importantly, he also leads DeepMind's work on AI safety, which recently included developing a "big red button" to turn off machines when they start behaving in ways that humans don't want them to.
Scientists like Stephen Hawking and billionaires like Elon Musk have warned that we need to start thinking about the dangers of self-thinking "agents". DeepMind is currently making some of the smartest "agents" on the planet so it's probably worth knowing who all of the company's founders are, what they believe in, what they're working on, and how they're doing it.
Before DeepMind, Legg spent several years in academia, completing a Post Doc in finance at the University of Lugano in Switzerland and a PhD at Dalle Molle Institute for Artificial Intelligence Research (IDSIA). He also held a research associate position at University College London's Gatsby Computational Neuroscience Unit and much software development positions at private companies like big data firm Adaptive Intelligence.
Prior to the Google acquisition, the New Zealand-born scientist gave a revealing interview to a publication called Less Wrong in 2011 — a year after DeepMind was formed — where he talks very candidly about the risks associated with AI.
Legg sometimes talks at academic conferences. YouTube/singularitysummit
"What probability do you assign to the possibility of negative/extremely negative consequences as a result of badly done AI?" Legg was asked, where "negative" was defined as "human extinction" and "extremely negative" was defined as "humans suffer."
Responding to the question, Legg said: "Depends a lot on how you define things. Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this. But there's a big difference between this being within a year of something like human-level AI, and within a million years."
As for the second part of that question, the "humans suffer" scenario: "If by suffering you mean prolonged suffering, then I think this is quite unlikely," said Legg.
Elsewhere in the interview, Legg conceded that he wasn't sure how likely it was that intelligent machines would lead to human extinction, before going on to say "maybe 5%, maybe 50%." He added: "I don't think anybody has a good estimate of this."
"If a super intelligent machine (or any kind of super intelligent agent) decided to get rid of us, I think it would do so pretty efficiently. I don't think we will deliberately design super intelligent machines to maximise human suffering."
You could be forgiven for reading Legg's comments and interpreting them as comments made by Swedish philosopher and author Nick Bostrom, who runs Oxford University's Future of Humanity Institute, and has spoken on several occasions about the threat superintelligent machines pose to mankind. In reference to AI, Bostrom said last June: "We are like small children playing with a bomb."
DeepMind has acknowledged the risks associated with AI but it's fair to say Legg's somewhat extreme comments probably don't sit too well with the AI image DeepMind is trying to present today.
The London-based AI lab has repeatedly said that it wants to apply the AI techniques used to develop its game-playing AlphaGo AI to some of the world's biggest problems, from climate change to healthcare.
One of Google's data centres. Google In July, DeepMind announced that Google had found a use for its technology in its enormous server farms. Namely, Google said it was using a DeepMind-built AI system to control the huge air-conditioning units in its power-hungry data centres, where servers consume enough energy to power entire cities and get very hot in the process. At the time, DeepMind said its AI system makes the cooling units in Google's data centres 40% more efficient, ultimately cutting the data centres' overall electricity consumption by 15%.
The company is also selling its products and services to healthcare providers like the NHS, providing Alphabet with an additional revenue stream.
While Legg clearly has his concerns about the field DeepMind is working in, his role at DeepMind appears to be all about making sure AI is developed in a safe and a controlled manner. It's likely that he played a key role in ensuring Google established an AI ethics board when it acquired DeepMind — something that is also shrouded in mystery.
DeepMind declined to comment on this story.
Updated Feb. 26, 2019 for Runoff election Voting
A runoff for District 125 State Representative is happening March 12, but early voting starts Monday March 4. Former State Representative Justin Rodriguez, a Democrat, vacated the seat after he was appointed to serve as a Bexar County Comissioner after the death of Paul Elizondo last year, The Texas Tribune reports.
Republican Fred Rangel and Democrat Ray Lopez are in a runoff for the seat after the vote Feb. 12 ended with Rangel getting 38 percent of the vote and Lopez pulling in 19 percent, according to The Texas Tribune.
Generic Sample Ballot | Find your Election Day polling place
Early Voting Hours
Monday March 4 - Wednesday March 6 .................................8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Thursday March 7 - Friday March 8..................................8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Las Horas De Votación Adelantada
Lunes 4 de marzo de 2019 hasta el miércoles 6 de marzo de 2019...........8 a.m. a 6 p.m.
Jueves 7 de marzo de 2019 hasta viernes 8 de marzo de 2019 .......8 a.m. a 8 p.m.
To find the voting location nearest you, type your address into the map's search field:
VIEW EARLY VOTING LOCATIONS IN A FULL SCREEN MAP
Deaf and hard of hearing voters can vote using Deaflink Technology during the early voting period at the Bexar County Election Department, 1103 S. Frio St. Ayuda por DEAFLINK disponible para votantes sordos.
Watch this video explaining how vision-impaired people can make voting machines speak to them.
For more information about the election, see http://home.bexar.org/elections/.
Cover Image: Courtesy, MOVE San Antonio.
Quick to prepare, yet tiny and powerful in the cup, espresso's a beloved way to make coffee that's also one of the finickiest. While the twists and turns of what makes each shot work—and what could go wrong—are many, they're not exactly the stuff of murky, crema-topped mystery. Ever wonder what's really going on back there, as you crane your neck around the bar to watch your drink get made?
We took a moment with Tamara Vigil, who works as an in-house educator for Irving Farm Coffee Roasters in New York City, and asked her to walk us through each part of making a successful espresso shot.
1. Dial in the Grind
Espresso requires a very fine grind of coffee, and too much variation in either direction towards coarseness or fineness can cause your shot to underextract or overextract. You're looking for a fineness that, to your hands, feels a bit like dusty sand, and Vigil suggests a barista do just that: feel the coffee.
"Does it feel soft and a little bit grainy?" she asks. If it's not in the sweet spot, she makes an adjustment to her grinder before doing anything else.
2. Measure and Dose
Espresso machines hold coffee grounds in what's called a portafilter—and the round metal part on the end is what's called its basket. Baskets can come in different sizes—the one we're working with today is a 21-gram basket. While it seems obvious that if you fill it with coffee, it holds 21 grams, it's actually more complicated than this. When she's starting out making espresso for a day, Vigil first grinds a set amount of coffee into a nice, clean portafilter, then weighs that portafilter (compared to its empty weight) on a gram scale.
"The scale is a tool we use to make sure that we're getting the same amount each time," said Vigil, who points out that the density of coffee changes frequently—as its environment changes, e.g. the humidity around it, or as the coffee itself ages and releases gases built up in roasting. You should expect a coffee to behave a bit differently each day you work with it, and since espresso by its intense nature magnifies every single thing (good or bad) in a coffee's flavor, you want to make your practices as consistent as possible to know how to get the results you want. By weighing the dispensed coffee to double-check, the barista can determine how long to run the grinder to get exactly the right amount of coffee in the portafilter basket.
3. Distribute and Tamp
Now that coffee's in the portafilter, we're still not ready. To ensure a shot of espresso extracts correctly, the barista has to do his or her best to make sure the coffee is evenly distributed within the portafilter. If there are places it's too tightly packed together and other places it's too loosely packed, water flowing through the bed of coffee will play favorites, and extract some particles too much, and others too little, resulting in a bad-tasting espresso.
The barista's first job to avoid this is to lightly tap the portafilter and make sure the grounds appear more or less even by sight. They may also manually distribute some of the grounds using their finger or another tool. This prepares for the coffee to be tightly compacted using the espresso tamper, which, if everything's done right, will eliminate any preferential treatment by water flowing through the bed of coffee.
4. Purge the Machine
An inelegant, but important next step is to momentarily "purge" the espresso group head—the place the barista will put their portafilter to actually pull the shot—by allowing a small squirt of water to run though before the portafilter is introduced. It's a quick check, says Vigil, to make sure the water is running clean and smoothly, and that there are no coffee grounds from the previous shot clinging to the group head that could impact the new shot of espresso.
5. Pull the Shot
Ground, dosed, tamped, and purged, we're ready to lock and load! The barista now clicks the portafilter into place and starts the shot. An initial, smaller surge of water from most machines will provide a pre-infusion stage, which primes the grounds for their time to shine. After this stage (which you won't see, as it all takes place inside the basket), the shot truly begins, with water being expressed through the bed of coffee grounds at high pressure, and the slow, viscous flow of espresso begins to flow downward out of the portafilter.
6. Watch the Shot Extract
A typical shot for Vigil and her trainees takes only 20-30 seconds with their house espresso blend. (In this demonstration, Vigil worked with a portafilter without spouts, so that we could better see the transitions the espresso moved through as the shot progressed.) "You watch for color, and you watch for the speed of the flow," says Vigil.
"In the beginning you should see some really thick, dark drips, and depending on how you want to brew your espresso it'll come out really slowly, or it'll just go drip drip and start to flow. It starts off dark and thick, and then it lightens up and will have tiger striping or woodgrain tones. You should see that dark chocolatey brown, a more tan color, and a nice creamy beige color," she explained.
"In the beginning you're getting those heavier flavor solubles, which are darker, and then towards the middle and the end you're getting more of the oils and the gasses that will rise to the top and become crema," Vigil said, explaining that she recommends stirring or swirling a shot of espresso before drinking so that the sweeter, heavier solids at the bottom of your cup mix together with the brighter, gassier components of espresso's top layer.
7. Clean it Out
It's good practice to clean up after oneself. Once the shot is complete, the barista removes the portafilter, dumps out the grounds, and runs water through the machine to again purge the group head.
8. Serve and Enjoy!
All the steps are complete except the most important one of all: present that beautiful espresso to its drinker, savoring the magic of all that is precision, hands-on care, and love, all summed up in a tiny little drink that'll be gone within seconds. Who's ready for another?
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
If you like the topic of urban density in general, or you're interested in New York City development in particular, or you simply don't want to work for the next two minutes, this fantastic animation of 210 years of Manhattan growth has your name on it. (Do yourself a favor and blow it up full-screen for a better effect.)
The viz comes courtesy of NYU urban scholars Solly Angel and Patrick Lamson-Hall. It tracks neighborhood population densities on the island from 1800 to 2010 using historical maps, aerial photographs, and census ward statistics. The basic narrative sees density cluster first in Lower Manhattan, then slowly reach northward and spread out more evenly, then generally subside closer to modern times—waves of growth that, spliced back to back, make the city seem like it's breathing.
Here's Lamson-Hall with the upshot:
The lessons, in short? Densities in Manhattan as a whole rose in the 19th century, peaked in 1910, fell for 70 years, and have been rising slowly since 1980.
The scholars divide the growth patterns into two parts: before and after 1910. Up through that time you'll see most of the population density emerge toward the southern tip of the island. Industry and immigration led to massive influxes in certain parts of town—namely, into cramped tenements of the Lower East Side—as people moved in faster than the city could build out. Angel and Lamson-Hall note a seven-fold increase in population up through 1910, against a three-fold increase in built-up area.
Series 1 26th Mar 2005 2nd Apr 2005 9th Apr 2005 16th Apr 2005 23rd Apr 2005 30th Apr 2005 7th May 2005 14th May 2005 21st May 2005 28th May 2005 4th Jun 2005 11th Jun 2005 18th Jun 2005 Series 2 15th Apr 2006 22nd Apr 2006 29th Apr 2006 6th May 2006 13th May 2006 20th May 2006 27th May 2006 3rd Jun 2006 10th Jun 2006 17th Jun 2006 24th Jun 2006 1st Jul 2006 8th Jul 2006 Series 3 31st Mar 2007 7th Apr 2007 14th Apr 2007 21st Apr 2007 28th Apr 2007 5th May 2007 19th May 2007 26th May 2007 2nd Jun 2007 9th Jun 2007 16th Jun 2007 23rd Jun 2007 30th Jun 2007 Series 4 5th Apr 2008 12th Apr 2008 19th Apr 2008 26th Apr 2008 3rd May 2008 10th May 2008 17th May 2008 31st May 2008 7th Jun 2008 14th Jun 2008 21st Jun 2008 28th Jun 2008 5th Jul 2008
Series 5 3rd Apr 2010 10th Apr 2010 17th Apr 2010 24th Apr 2010 1st May 2010 8th May 2010 15th May 2010 22nd May 2010 29th May 2010 5th Jun 2010 12th Jun 2010 19th Jun 2010 26th Jun 2010 Series 6 23rd Apr 2011 30th Apr 2011 7th May 2011 14th May 2011 21st May 2011 28th May 2011 4th Jun 2011 27th Aug 2011 3rd Sep 2011 10th Sep 2011 17th Sep 2011 24th Sep 2011 1st Oct 2011 Series 7 1st Sep 2012 8th Sep 2012 15th Sep 2012 22nd Sep 2012 29th Sep 2012 30th Mar 2013 6th Apr 2013 13th Apr 2013 20th Apr 2013 27th Apr 2013 4th May 2013 11th May 2013 18th May 2013 Series 8 23rd Aug 2014 30th Aug 2014 6th Sep 2014 13th Sep 2014 20th Sep 2014 27th Sep 2014 4th Oct 2014 11th Oct 2014 18th Oct 2014 25th Oct 2014 1st Nov 2014 8th Nov 2014
Last night David Laws issues the following statement to the local media in his constituency (source):
The last few days have been the toughest of my life, and I would like to thank all those friends, family and local residents who have sent me messages of support.
It has been a very emotional experience to find so many people willing to stand by me at this difficult time.
My problems have been caused by my unwillingness to be open about my sexuality, and not by any intention to exploit the MPs expenses system.
James Lundie and I were aware that we could have been far better off financially if I had been willing to be open about our relationship – but I was not.
I grew up at a time when homosexuality had only just been legalised, and when most people still thought it was wrong or shameful.
I decided, therefore, to keep my sexuality secret, and the further time went on the more difficult it seemed to be to tell the truth.
When the rules changed in 2006 to prevent MPs from renting from partners, I should probably have changed our arrangements. I could have done so without any financial cost, but getting a mortgage and buying a house together would have meant revealing our relationship – which I was not prepared to do.
James never used the parliamentary entitlement to travel for partners, and he is not covered by the parliamentary pension scheme or any financial entitlement that would result from formal recognition of “partnership”. That is why I thought it would be all right for him to be treated as just a friend, when actually we were much more than that.
I have paid a high price for trying to keep my sexuality a secret. Losing your privacy, your Cabinet job, and your perceived integrity within 48 hours isn't very easy.
But I accept that I should have been more open, and should have set a better example as a public figure.
I will now need to take a few days to recover from the events of the last week, and I then intend to get back to my work as local MP. There are many people with far greater problems than I have, and they are entitled to expect me to get on with the job which I am paid to do.
I love my job as local MP, and it is the greatest job and responsibility which I will ever have. Over the weeks ahead I will want to understand whether I still have the confidence of my constituents, without which it would be difficult to continue my work.
I am, once again, grateful to the thousands of people who have written, e-mailed and phoned us with kind comments over the last few days.
As assistant to the prime minister, Tommy Desfossés is good at remembering details but doesn't always have time to see the big picture. That's where LegoTommy comes in, Desfossés's alter-ego and the star of a series of elaborately staged Instagram photos that perfectly capture the minutia of life on the road as a political staffer.
Desfossés's alter-ego, LegoTommy, is the star of an Instagram series. The man himself is seen in this 2015 file photo. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS ) Wherever Justin Trudeau is, so is LegoTommy. He is usually accompanied by a Lego sidekick modelled after Trudeau's personal photographer, Adam Scotti. ( @legotommy / Instagram )
Wherever Justin Trudeau is, so is LegoTommy. The little figurine (complete with his own man purse) is often accompanied by a Lego sidekick modelled after Trudeau's personal photographer, Adam Scotti. The dynamic duo can be seen all over Washington D.C. for Trudeau's latest visit to the U.S.
Article Continued Below
Here they are at outside the White House before Trudeau's state dinner.
( @LEGOTOMMY / INSTAGRAM )
And there they are again at the White House podium. How do they reach the mic?
On his first day in the prime minister's office, LegoTommy had trouble turning the doorknob.
( @LEGOTOMMY / INSTAGRAM )
The pair even made it all the way to Paris, where the prime minister attended a summit on climate change.
Article Continued Below
At international summits there is always official handshakes between the host and the international leaders. At the Turkey G20 meeting, they decided to have our very own official handshake.
In Toronto, LegoTommy and Legoadam got to ride a float at Pride.
While campaigning for the soon-to-be Prime Minister, LegoTommy got to reminisce about one of his favourite sports teams.
But it's not all work and no play — on the campaign trail last fall, LegoTommy and LegoAdam even got to go canoeing! Life on the road can get pretty lonely, but at least these two pals have each other. More from LegoTommy:
Richard Connolly is an associate fellow of the Russia and Eurasia program at Chatham House , a foreign affair think tank based in London. The opinions in this article belong to the author.
(CNN) Since the annexation of Crimea in March 2014 and the subsequent involvement of Russia in the conflict in eastern Ukraine, Western powers -- led by the United States and European Union -- have been remarkably firm in maintaining a united front when it came to the hard business of dealing with Russia.
This was nowhere more notable than in the West's use of economic statecraft as the primary tool in exerting pressure on Russia to change its policy concerning Ukraine
The sanctions regime that gradually came into effect targeted strategic sectors of the Russian economy, including energy, defense and finance. But as well as hitting Russian entities, Western firms also suffered.
American and European manufacturing and energy giants lost a lot of money. The sale of French warships and German machinery was halted. Billions of dollars' worth of investments by energy giants such as ExxonMobil, Total and Shell were postponed. Businesses in countries with historically close commercial ties with Russia -- such as Italy, Hungary and Bulgaria -- were hit especially hard.
But the considerable economic cost paid by Western firms made the political cohesion on sanctions that has held until today all the more impressive. Despite the economic pain, the political gain of maintaining a unified front was considered to be more important. Central to this cohesion sticking was a clear effort at coordination between Washington and Brussels.
But this unity could soon come to an end.
The US Congress -- in its desire to be seen to do something about alleged Russian interference in the American election as well as its desire to punish Russia for its activities in Syria and beyond -- is doing something that Russia has failed to do to the West since March 2014.
JUST WATCHED Russian leaders lash out at US sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Russian leaders lash out at US sanctions 01:29
By pushing through a new round of sanctions that will expand on those that already exist against Russia, US legislators may be inadvertently giving the Kremlin something it has hoped would happen ever since the Crimea crisis began: driving a wedge between Europe and the United States.
Officials in several influential European countries feel that this latest round of sanctions is moving well beyond their comfort zone. Instead of targeting sanctions to apply pressure on Russia to reduce its interference in Ukraine, the United States is now moving toward using them as the primary instrument for expressing its dissatisfaction with all aspects of Russian domestic and foreign policy. Some EU officials see this as too blunt an instrument.
Far from being targeted and surgical -- as they were initially packaged in 2014 -- these sanctions are far-reaching in scope, targeting mining and railway enterprises as well as Russian energy projects beyond its own borders.
The proposed sanctions are also broad in their objectives: US legislators are, in the same bill, seeking to influence the transfer of arms to Syria, the sale of Russian energy and how the privatization of Russian state-owned enterprises takes place.
Seeking to target Russian corruption and foreign policy with the same policy instrument may appear attractive in Washington, but some influential voices in key European countries -- most notably Germany -- see the new bill as a naked economic power grab.
The stated desire to target the proposed Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, for instance, is seen by some European officials as an attempt to replace cheap Russian gas with more expensive US liquefied natural gas.
Not only would this disrupt existing gas relationships between Russia and European countries such as Austria, Germany and Italy, but it would also result in European industrial firms paying a higher price for energy than their US competitors. EU officials are already hinting at retaliation against the United States if their interests are threatened.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The view from Moscow -- despite the shrill reaction of lawmakers and foreign policy officials -- is likely to be relaxed. While the sanctions imposed in 2014 caused some disruption to the Russian economy, the overall cost was modest, and Russia adjusted to the new economic reality. The proposed new sanctions are, if implemented in their current form, bound to cause further disruption. But this would be more than compensated for by the creation of the first real trans-Atlantic split since 2014.
In the broader geopolitical conflict between Russia and the West, this would surely be the most significant consequence of Congress' actions.
Around the same time when "Web 2.0" became (in)famous, there was also the uprising of widgets and gadgets. Meaningless clutter on your desktop/homepage, supposedly to give you "at-a-glance" information about subjects you like (the weather in a country thousands of miles from your location, a largely oversized clock, news tickers, ...). This is a trend that continues to grow, as more and more application go for a "widget"-style display.
So, am I the only one that seriously dislikes this?
When I first saw the screenshots of a Windows Vista desktop, I disliked it. It may have had its improvements graphic-wise, and it may have looked really slick, but the default menu & sidebar were a big no-no for me.
Take a look at the screenshot above. You've just lost a big portion of your screen, to a bloated sidebar, filled with information you don't need. See that big-ass clock in the top right corner? Guess what; there's already a clock in the bottom right one. It's been there for at least 10 years.
Those rotating pictures in the sidebar. Do you _really_ need it? You can't live for a day without having seen at least hundreds of your vacation pictures? It's a useless feature, and you're better of removing it -- if only to remove a form of distraction that'll keep you from your what you should be doing -- being productive!
And to that extent, Windows Vista managed to sneak in extremely large desktop icons. I liked the size in Windows XP, why couldn't they just keep it like that, by default? Your desktop looks cluttered if you have more than 10 icons, where this never was an issue before.
But no worries -- they'll get it right with Windows 7. I mean, they have to. Right?
Guess again.
"We removed the sidebar to make room for ... gadgets!".
This brings me to my original point: gadgets or widgets are a step back in productivity. They fill up your desktop, makes it look unorganized and distracts you from whatever it is you should be doing. They may have tried to make it look better, but at what cost?
A desktop should be kept for your most used application icons, not for duplicate information (2 clocks, really?). A clean, well-organized desktop is a true haven for productivity. You know every icon by heart, every position. You know where to click. You have your workspace just the way you like it.
Don't spoil it with Gadgets/Widgets. Just don't. I'll stick to my Windows XP with Windows 2000 look for a while, as long as this "evolution" of gadgets continues.
Weaknesses in the way the Tesla's high-end Model S electric sedan communicates with drivers could leave it open to hacks that allow a remote hacker to unlock its doors and continuously track its location, a security researcher said.
The most serious vulnerability stems from Tesla's minimum password requirement, which is just six characters with at least one number and one letter, according to a recently published evaluation from independent security researcher Nitesh Dhanjani. Combined with no clear account lockout policy limiting incorrect login attempts, the requirement makes passwords susceptible to brute-force attacks, which cycle through all possible combinations until the proper one is guessed. Armed with a valid password, an attacker could use an iOS app to check the car's location and charge status and unlock its doors. Update: On Tuesday, four days after the evaluation was published, Tesla changed the password requirements to 8 characters with at least one number and one letter. The manufacturer also added a lockout following five unsuccessful login attempts, after which users must reset the password.
Avoid third-party apps, for now
Dhanjani has previously uncovered weaknesses in Internet-connected LED lights networked baby monitors , and other "Internet-of-things" devices, and he pointed out that a large percentage of people use identical or very similar passwords for multiple services. That means that even if Tesla improves its password policy, Model S passwords could still be vulnerable if they're included in a hacked database retrieved from an unrelated website. Password reuse is by no means a threat that's unique to Model S owners, but given the ability of a single password to track and unlock cars, the threat could be particularly more severe.
Model S passwords are also susceptible to theft or leakage through third-party apps such as Tesla for Glass for Google Glass and the upcoming Automate Your Tesla. Dhanjani said third-party apps work by reverse engineering a programming interface known as REST, which Tesla designed for its Tesla iOS app and has yet to advertise for outside use. REST doesn't use OAuth or similar means to allow apps to login without accessing passwords. By exposing driver credentials to unvetted third-party app developers, the interface increases the chances they could be leaked during hacks or even by rogue employees, Dhanjani warned.
"Tesla designed the API for their own iOS apps to function and they have not advertised it as a good way for third parties to avail the functionality," the researcher told Ars. "Unless Tesla announces a way for third parties to authorize access to car data (which they have not because the API has been reverse engineered), the Tesla owners are submitting their credentials to third parties who are unvetted and can abuse the credentials to check on the location of the cars and unlock them."
For the time being, Dhanjani advised Model S users to steer clear of third-party apps.
Dhanjani has identified at least one other potential weakness—a four-PIN adapter that connects laptop computers to a car's internal network. Although the data is encrypted using the OpenVPN cryptography library, outgoing connections can be configured to use pre-shared credentials. It's still not exactly clear what connected laptops can do and access once they're authenticated. Still, the connection could represent a potential privacy or security threat if the credentials were known by someone with physical access to the car.
Dhanjani said the point of his evaluation was to demonstrate that static passwords and other traditional methods for locking down computers and networks may not be sufficient for cars and other Internet-of-things devices where physical security is often involved. Ars forwarded Dhanjani's report to Tesla officials, but the company has yet to issue a statement in response.
"Tesla has demonstrated innovation leaps beyond other car manufacturers," he wrote. "It is hoped that this document will encourage owners to think deeply about doing their part as well as for Tesla to have an open dialogue with its owners on what they are doing to take security seriously."
‘Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' Fires Up Fans on Social Media: ‘Outstanding,' ‘Exceptional,' ‘Best Episode So Far'
(Spoiler alert: Please do not read on if you haven't watched Tuesday's episode of “Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.”)
Titled “4,722 Hours,” Tuesday's episode of “Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.” was a pivotal night for one major character, namely Jemma Simmons played by Elizabeth Henstridge.
And while Simmons being pulled into the Monolith and taken to the other planet was reminiscent of Matt Damon being marooned in “The Martian,” Henstridge truly made the experience her own.
Also Read: Olivia Wilde to Marvel: Make Female Superheroes as 'Complex' as Male Counterparts
Her out-of-this-world performance was soon lauded on social media, with some fans calling for the actress to be nominated for an Emmy, and others revealing she had brought them to tears.
A few fans were also brokenhearted when Simmons stumbled upon Will (Dillon Casey) in fear that it would ruin chances of a Fitz-Simmons romance with Iain De Caestecker‘s character … or even worse, create a love triangle.
“Not gonna lie, I'm a little messed up right now,” one viewer wept.
Also Read: 'Agents of SHIELD' Spinoff in the Works at ABC
“Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.” airs at 9 p.m. Tuesdays on ABC.
See the tweets below.
Oh and I enjoyed #AgentsofSHIELD tonight! Nice change up with a solo episode. — Barbticia Addams (@youthinkmemad) October 28, 2015
#AgentsofSHIELD What a great episode! Great acting by @DillonCasey and especially @Lil_Henstridge. Usually don't watch an episode twice. — Firejack007 (@firejack007) October 28, 2015
Also, someone on the #AgentsofSHIELD writing staff clearly read The Martian over the summer. — coffeejunkii (@coffeejunkii) October 28, 2015
And an excellent episode from #AgentsofSHIELD this week. So glad I stayed with this show when so many others jumped ship. — Stephen Christ (@scbb11Sketch) October 28, 2015
I think tonights #AgentsofSHIELD was one of the best episodes they have done so far! — Charles Pechonick (@CRPechonick) October 28, 2015
I thought the #FitzSimmons storyline would be about Jemma healing and Fitz being there for her. Not a love triangle. #AgentsofShield — Juliet (@greenleo1) October 28, 2015
Yo Fitz…it doesn't count if she was in another dimension. #AgentsofSHIELD — Muhammad Ollie (@Felonious_munk) October 28, 2015
BRUNSWICK, Fla. -- A Georgia man intentionally left his toddler son to die in a hot SUV as he sought to escape the responsibilities of family life and focus on sexual liaisons with prostitutes and young women - even teenagers - he met online, a prosecutor told jurors as the father's murder trial opened Monday.
Prosecutors say Justin Ross Harris intentionally killed the boy by leaving him for hours in a vehicle parked outside the father's metro Atlanta workplace in June 2014. Cobb County prosecutor Chuck Boring said Harris killed his son “in one of the most unimaginable, horrible ways” and didn't show emotion after the death.
Complete coverage: WGCL Atlanta reports on Harris murder trial
Boring said Harris shed “not a tear” when he was being questioned by police after his son died, and complained to officers.
“Is he screaming, ‘Can I see my son? What is going on here?'” Boring said. “No. He complains that it's hot in the back of the patrol car.”
Boring said that minutes before Harris left 22-month-old Cooper in the car, he sent an online message saying, “I love my son and all, but we both need escapes.”
Prosecutors contend Harris was unhappy in his marriage, sought relationships with other women and had researched websites promoting a child-free lifestyle. Harris, prosecutors say, saw his son as an obstacle to the lifestyle he wanted.
Attorneys for Harris, who moved to Georgia from Alabama in 2012, say the death was a tragic accident. Harris told police he watched cartoons with his son that morning, took him to breakfast at a Chick-fil-A restaurant and kissed Cooper while strapping him into his car seat. But Harris said he forgot to drop his son off at day care and drove to work, forgetting the boy was in the back seat.
Boring told the jury Harris' account doesn't make sense. He said the restaurant is just over half a mile from the Home Depot office where Harris worked as a computer technician, and Harris parked his SUV by backing up between two vehicles - which would have required looking over his shoulder toward the backseat where his son sat.
Later that day, Harris opened his vehicle to toss in a bag of lightbulbs he bought during his lunch break, Boring said. After leaving work, he drove a few miles to a shopping center without stopping, the prosecutor said, though police later reported the SUV reeked from “sweat, a dirty diaper, the smell of death.”
“The facts of this case only make sense if the defendant had planned on intentionally killing his son,” Boring said.
Boring said on the day Cooper died, his father sent more than 30 messages on his phone “mostly to women, mostly about sex.”
The month before his son died, Boring said, Harris met a prostitute for sex at a hotel. He had also been trying to persuade an underage, 17-year-old girl to send him a photo of her genitals. Harris was also charged for sending the girl sexually explicit text messages and photos.
He faces life in prison if he's convicted of murder. Prosecutors decided not to seek the death penalty. The case drew national attention and was so closely followed in Harris' suburban home of Cobb County that a judge moved the trial 275 miles to Brunswick, on the Georgia coast.
Superior Court Judge Mary Staley Clark recessed court late Monday afternoon following a 90-minute delay in the proceedings after prosecutors gave an outline of their case to the jury. She said attorneys for Harris will have their turn Tuesday morning.
The judge did not give the reason for the delay.
Sixteen total jurors - eight men and eight women - were seated Monday morning to hear the case. Four of them will serve as alternate jurors, who will have a final say in the trial only if one more of the 12 main jurors are dismissed. The judge did not specify which jury members were alternates.
In 2010, 22-year veteran St. Louis police officer James Murphy and three white officers he supervised lost a lawsuit filed by two African-American officers after white officers hung a noose up in the office to intimidate black officers. Murphy, the supervising officer, refused to take it down, and said it was all in good fun. The lawsuit also stated that Murphy had a long history of discrimination in the department and regularly passed over more decorated and experienced black officers for promotions to advance the careers of inexperienced white officers.
None of the white officers involved were fired or even suspended for incident.
Certainly, when you now view the recent statement made by the black officers association in St. Louis regarding how Jeff Roorda and the white police officers association doesn't speak for them regarding the protest by the Rams or issues of police brutality in general, it all makes so much more sense when you understand the history of strife and racism in their department.
What if Nick was a father and wanted to create Wild Times, not only for fellow predators to have fun but also trying to make a better life for himself and his son, Marcus Wilde? This idea came to me after watching the deleted scenes of Zootopia, the dark story which was its first idea before production, my "The Art of Zootopia" book, and my friend cuz we both want this so badly!
In the world of Zootopia, both predator and prey live together for centuries. However, predators are forced to wear tame collars and whenever they get excited or act out of bounds, the collar will give the predator a shock to keep them in check. But in the eyes of a fox known as Nick Wilde, these collars do more harm than good. Nick has a son, Marcus Wilde, on his 5th birthday, was given his collar and was really happy to have one like Nick. However, Nick really wished for Marcus' Taming Party to never come to past. All predators have to give their collars at the age of 5. Nick knows how every predator feels about the collars and wants to make a better place for all predators. So, he decides to build an amusement park for only predators called "Wilde Times." But the problem is that Nick hardly has any money to build the park. He asked around for a loan but was denied everywhere he goes. Until someone finally approves of his idea. It was Mr. Big. Mr. Big told Nick that he'll give the loan and Nick was happy that he can finally build Wilde Times. Months later, Wilde Times was finally ready for business and it was a huge success on its first day. Nick told Marcus that he can go to school like the rest of the predator kids and Marcus couldn't been happier.Nick was getting complaints by the Prey Community that the predators are too noisy whenever they go to Wilde Times. Nick thinks that it was unfair and that if prey have more freedom than predators should have the same. Then, Nick met a ZPD officer known as Officer Judy Hopps, who came to Wilde Times to speak with Nick. Nick brought Judy to his office and started the meeting. Nick explains to Judy about why he builds the park in the first place. Marcus came inside Nick's Office and was confused about Judy in Nick's office. Judy was at "Aww" told Marcus that she's just having a friendly chat with Nick. Nick told Marcus to go play some games until he's done talking to Judy. Nick told Judy that he wants to give Marcus a happy life and Judy told Nick that she'll do what she can to help him. When Judy went back to the ZPD, she was denied for her request to help Nick. The ZPD went to Wilde Times and arrested Nick and shut down Wilde Times. Nick was released from prison and Marcus ran up to him. Judy told him that she took care of Marcus and Nick thank her for all she's done. On the walk home, Nick didn't say a thing and started to cry. Marcus tried t cheer him up and told him that he's happy to be with him, not matter how bad things get. The next day, Judy rushed to Nick and said that they work together to make Zootopia a truly better place!A lot of my friends want me to do a comic series about this drawing and I want to do it in a year from now! XP
TINLEY PARK, IL - DECEMBER 17: A customer shops for a pistol at Freddie Bear Sports sporting goods store on December 17, 2012 in Tinley Park, Illinois. Americans purchased a record number of guns in 2012. Gun sales have surged recently with people buy guns for personal protection following the mass shooting in Connecticut and gun enthusiasts buying guns because they fear a reinstatement of the assault weapons ban. About 47 percent of Americans own guns. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
I am a gun owner.
I enjoy target shooting at the range, and I'm a fairly avid hunter. I come from a family of hunters and hope to someday continue that tradition with a son or daughter of my own. I'm also an ardent proponent of stricter gun control legislation nationwide, and I'm here to say that despite what the NRA is telling you, that stance doesn't have to be contradictory or controversial.
Firstly, let me say that the deep-seated societal problems behind tragic mass murders like the one in Newtown this week absolutely need to be addressed. The lack of access to mental healthcare in this country is frightening, and we need to do everything we can to help the people who get to the point of committing such heinous crimes long before these ideas are formed in their minds.
That said, the problem with addressing only those societal problems is that it will take years, probably decades, before we will see such large behavioral shifts. Until then, there are a whole bunch of logical things we can do to make this country a safer place, if only gun-owners like myself and our representatives stood up to the falsehoods the gun lobby is promoting.
I enjoy owning my arms. So much so that I'd be willing to do a few things in order to own them. For example, I'd be willing to have a background check and mental health exam. I'd be willing to sit through a safety course. I'd be willing to register them every few years, as we have to do our cars. I'd be willing to lock them up in a safe, if prescribed by law. I'd even be willing to be held legally responsible if my negligence led to a weapon of mine being stolen and used in a crime.
Why? Because I recognize that guns are dangerous. If one less life were taken in the U.S. next year because I and other gun owners had to go through all of the aforementioned hassles, they'd be worth it. Don't you agree?
Gun control is not gun abolishment. Let me repeat that statement: gun control is not gun abolishment. Gun control is taking steps to make this country a safer place for all of us to live. The myth of the "slippery slope" the lobby is pushing on you is false. We have the constitutional right to bear arms, and if that is ever threatened, I will be right there with you defending it. The thing is, it isn't threatened. We will always have the right to own guns, so why can't we just do it intelligently?
I grew up in New York -- a state that has stricter gun laws than most. Despite this, there are no registration requirements for long guns nor laws for safe storage. Why not? And while a background check is required to buy a gun from a store, there is no check needed to sell that gun to a third party or give it as a gift, thus nullifying the whole concept.
The situation should look something like this: a person needs to apply for a license to own a gun -- which anyone of sound mind, clean criminal record, and who has taken the appropriate course can obtain. From there, all weapons need to be registered, and third party sales need to be reported with appropriate ownership license numbers and transfer of the title of the weapon, just like with a car. Weapons are required to be stored in a secure place, and if it is stolen due to negligence of the owner, he/she can be held liable. If a gun registered to you suddenly disappears without evidence of theft beyond your control and a police report, you are subject to a hefty penalty.
That's it. If you are thinking that this seems too much, I ask: Do you own a car and drive it? If so, you go through basically this same process (minus the storage and liability), and somehow, you put up with it.
I appeal to the gun owners who might be reading this: Would you not jump through those hoops in order to exercise your right to own AND help prevent murders? I would, and I hope you would too. Those hoops would deter and/or prevent some people from buying arms for the wrong reasons, as well as make it more difficult for weapons to be stolen. Surely, such measures would not come close to stopping gun violence in the U.S., but I'm 100 percent confident they wouldn't hurt.
[Shut She'eilat 2:312]
Question:
Should older women be counseled to have a prenatal exam in order reveal fetal abnormalities? If a problem is detected, what benefit is there if it is not permissible to have an abortion? Furthermore, these exams can endanger the life of the fetus.
Answer:
If the tests reveal that there is no problem, the pregnancy can continue calm and with contentment for the mother, which may also benefit the fetus. 1. It is a good idea to undergo this exam.If the tests reveal that there is no problem, the pregnancy can continue calm and with contentment for the mother, which may also benefit the fetus.
If, however - G-d forbid, the exam reveals a problem, the couple can turn to a rabbi and ask him if it is permissible in such a case to abort. If he rules that it is permissible - since there are cases in which it is permissible, and abortions have indeed been performed in accordance with the rulings of great authorities - the parents can responsibly decide what they want to do. If they decide to keep the child, it will be out of free will, and they will accept him lovingly with a full heart, and raise him lovingly with a full heart.
2. Regarding man interfering with Hashem's will: there is absolutely no interference here. Hashem illuminates the path of the scientific intellect of man. If this were not so, all medicine and all science in general would be invalid. On the contrary, wisdom gives strength to the wise man.
3. Regarding the claim that abortion, even when permitted according to Halachah, prevents a soul from entering the world: we do not engage in the esoteric when deciding Halachah. Halachah must be decided according to what is revealed to us and our children for eternity. In any case, anything which is intended by the Halachah is intended by the levels of the Torah which are more hidden. If according to Halachah there is room to perform an abortion, we rely on and trust that this soul will find a correction in other ways and the hand of Hashem will not shorten.
4. Regarding the test being dangerous: according to Halachah, it is permissible to put oneself in a situation in which there is a remote chance of danger when there is a need (such as making a living or performing a Mitzvah). Endangering oneself in a minimal way is called as “an infrequent damage” in Halachah. This law applies in our case, since giving birth to a disabled baby can sometimes destroy an entire family. And all the more so when we are discussing the danger of a fetus has yet to be born.
In each individual case, one must take counsel with a G-d-fearing doctor and with an halachic authority. We must certainly clarify, however, whether or not it is permissible to undergo a test with a minimal chance of danger. It does not make sense to enter into details here, since Blessed be Hashem, science continues to advance.In each individual case, one must take counsel with a G-d-fearing doctor and with an halachic authority.
5. The last point is the most precious. The reality is that many women who are not young refrain from becoming pregnant, despite their great desire to have a child, because they are afraid of having a disabled baby. They live with a broken heart. When an halachic authority permits, and even encourages, them to arrange a prenatal exam, and also promises that in the case of a problem, G-d forbid, he will stand by their side in finding an halachic solution with responsible thought given to the effects on the family, a huge burden is lifted from their hearts. They will be able to have more children, who will fill their lives with joy and happiness, and add more servants to the world for the sake of increasing the sanctification of Hashem's Great Name.
Rav Aviner's Responsum which Hangs on Hospital Walls
Kathy Mills exposed the entrance to the secret chamber that had been hidden for centuries as she rehearsed a scene for an upcoming production of the musical Quasimodo at St Mary's Church, in Redgrave, Suffolk.
She dislodged a marble flagstone near the altar of the 14th century building and her foot vanished into a dark void below.
Mrs Mills, who is in her 60s, suffered a swollen ankle.
But she was amazed to be told she had uncovered a mystery tomb containing coffins thought to contain the remains of the village's aristocracy stretching back centuries.
Just weeks before a geophysicist had used state-of-the-art radar to map out where the long-forgotten vault was.
But if it was not for Mrs Mills' intervention experts would still be seeking the hidden entrance.
The church is now hosting an open weekend to give the public a chance to glimpse through the hole and see exactly what they have been walking above over the years.
Mrs Mills, of Redgrave, said: "I was just doing a rehearsal for the production and I walked onto the flagstone, whether it was already loose I'm not sure, but my foot went down.
"They lifted it up (the flagstone) and you could just see some mud and sand underneath. It's possible my foot went down eight inches. I wondered where I was going. It was quite a shock.
"I was thrilled when they told me I had discovered this vault they did not know was there. One or two people have now started calling me the Tomb Raider."
Rumours had been rife for decades that an intriguing labyrinth of passages and tombs lay under the ancient slabs of the church, now owned by The Churches Conservation Trust.
Bob Hayward, chairman of Redgrave Church Heritage Trust, said stories had passed through the generations of how people walked through the tunnels as recently as the 1920s, but records of their existence cannot be found.
In a bid to establish fact from fiction, the group employed Malcolm Weale, of Geofizz Ltd, from East Harling, near Thetford, Norfolk, two months ago to analyse what lay below.
Using ground-penetrating radar, Mr Weale identified a large space, about 6ft deep, extending under the altar and into the adjacent vestry.
Trust bosses were set to leave it at that until Mrs Mills dramatically put her foot in it last week.
The damaged flagstones were lifted up and a light lowered down.
A tunnel was discovered with a set of steps descending into the ground visible in one direction and a cluster of about six coffins tucked inside a dark chamber in the other.
It appears timbers holding up the floor tiles had rotted.
Mr Hayward said: "It's exciting. You think you know these places but you don~t until something like this happens."
The coffins are thought to belong to descendents of the local ruling Holt family.
Sir John Holt became lord of the manor in 1703 and an imposing memorial to his life sits above the newly uncovered vault.
But the chamber is believed to have been built deep in the 1500s by the Bacon family although their remains are located in another tomb beneath the church~s font.
Archaeologists plan to go down into the vault at the end of the year to assess if any of the other supporting timbers are rotten and to record what's inside but they will leave the coffins as they are.
St Mary's Church will be open to the public this Saturday and Sunday, between 10am and 4pm, where a video camera will beam images from inside the vault onto a projector screen.
The church boasts Cardinal Thomas Wolsey, King Henry VIII's famous and powerful chancellor, among its illustrious former rectors.
A Republican member of the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that the State Department has classified seven more of Hillary Clinton's private emails as "top secret."
"There are more than 22, and it's not just one or two more," Rep. Chris Stewart told the Washington Examiner, referring to the 22 emails deemed top secret by the State Department last week. "It's a more meaningful number than that."
Stewart said the State Department has classified seven additional emails as "top secret." The agency will now withhold 29 emails from the public due to their sensitive content.
"These were classified at the top secret level, and in some cases, above that," he said.
Stewart said his years of experience handling highly classified material allowed him to recognize immediately the sensitive nature of Clinton's emails. The Utah Republican said he had never seen anything more sensitive than the information contained within the emails.
"They do reveal classified methods, they do reveal classified sources, and they do reveal human assets," he said during an appearance on Fox's "America's Newsroom" earlier in the day.
The State Department's decision on Friday to withhold 22 emails entirely, rather than redact only the sensitive portions, marked a departure from the agency's approach to the more than 1,300 emails that have been classified over the past eight months.
Clinton has attempted to downplay the move as a result of bureaucratic infighting. But the discovery of the highly classified messages has fueled speculation that the former secretary of state may be facing more serious legal trouble than previously thought.
John Kirby, spokesman for the State Department, declined to address questions about the additional top secret emails Wednesday.
"I don't have any additional emails to talk about in addition to the ones we've already very publicly talked about," Kirby said. "There are more emails we still need to release through the Freedom of Information Act. The work of reviewing and preparing these remaining emails is ongoing."
Meet Satoshi. He's been VJing for 3 years, and one year ago he created the VJ group M.U.//Mikudarihan Uppercut. When performing live, Satoshi likes to begin with a minimal set of materials, then transform them over the course of the show in a way that tells a story. This style of performing has led Satoshi to seek out a creative platform that is, in his own words, "fast and light."
Satoshi has explored using lots of different software. To get a sense of Vuo's processing power, he built a particle emitter (If you download the composition, there are actually six individual compositions. The one labeled "sampleL03_particleEmitterL_AttractionAndGravity" is his particle performance test.)
Seven Questions for Satoshi
How did you get started VJing?
Aki Yoshioka, an exceptional music producer that works at UltraJapan, suggested that I try VJing.
What is your favorite VJ setup?
The hardware I usually use is a MacBook Pro with the TVone HD mixer. I don't use a MIDI controller; I only use a keyboard with a setup that I created for modul8, QC, or Vuo. As for software, I use modul8 -> Syphon -> Vuo, QC, or only Vuo. I've been using Vuo a lot lately. The particles and lines that seemed so heavy in QC are very light to work with in Vuo.
How did you choose Vuo?
I used to work with QC (I like node programing). I also sometimes use openFrameworks and Cinder. I really liked QC, but it was difficult to draw a lot of objects or lines. On the contrary, this was very easy with openFrameworks and Cinder, but it was difficult to work fast and light with them.
Vuo has the best of both, which makes it the best visual programming environment for me. For example, with 3D Object particle, I was able to connect a 3D object with the particle function, and grow and evolve in that manner.
How did you test Vuo's processing power?
It was an experiment I performed during a break. Vuo drew 50,000 particles on my MacBook Pro. One million particles was slow but it was moving and working…. In Quartz Composer, 4,096 particles was all it could do — Wow.
What inspires you to keep creating?
I like movies. There is an amazing Japanese VJ called 100LDK that I really like; he works with real videos more than CG. I don't usually mix a lot of materials; I like to show long materials as if they were a movie. When I VJ, I like to begin with a minimal amount of materials, play with the parameters, and mix them. I like to create many materials from transforming an original one.
How do you see Vuo influencing your work?
It influences me a lot. I would like to try Vuo with Leap Motion or Kinect. It must be a lot of fun to use them with particles. Vuo lets you create a great variety of things very quickly. Not by using things again and again, but turning old things into something new and producing a lot of combinations. Vuo is the software that allows me to do all that.
Any dreams for your future as a VJ?
I'm VJing around Japan now; I would like to try VJing in Europe. As a first step, I'm going to Portugal and Italy in November.
For more information on the Árpád dynasty, see Árpád dynasty
The military history of Hungary includes battles fought in the Carpathian Basin and the military history of the Hungarian people regardless of geography.
Early Hungarian warfare [ edit ]
The first well established reference to Hungarians derives from Georgius Monachus' work in the 9th century. It mentions that around 837 the Bulgarian Empire desired an alliance with the Hungarians.[1] Although the Hungarians supposedly participated earlier at the Battle of Pliska in 811.[2] The Hungarians began the conquest of the Carpathian Basin in 895. They continued to raid adjacent countries for many years. The Hungarians were able to defeat three major Frankish imperial armies between 907 and 910,[3] however a military defeat in 955 forced them to withdraw and consolidate their gains. The Magyars advanced as far as the Iberian Peninsula, the Coast of Normandy and city of Constantinople.
The Magyar arts of war involved agility, speed, and precision. Their armies were well-organized and the men were well trained and disciplined.[citation needed] The Hungarians used many tools of war to defeat their foes, the most characteristic of their weapons being the quick-firing reflex bow, which they fired accurately from the saddle, even at full gallop. They also carried sabers and spontoons, but the reflex bow remained their armament of choice. The Magyars placed an emphasis on ranged fighting – their charges were usually preceded by a volley of arrows, and followed up by hand-to-hand combat. The majority of their troops were trained to fight on horseback.
The battle of Lechfeld, also known as the Battle of Augsburg in 955, in which Otto the Great and his army of the Holy Roman Empire defeated the Magyars, brought peace to Europe.
Era of patrician warfare [ edit ]
After the Battle of Mohács , Kingdom of Hungary fell apart. The southern part, as a result of Ottoman conquest, was annexed by the Ottoman Empire. The eastern region broke off from Hungary, and became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire. Habsburg Austria claimed a section, known then as Royal Hungary.
The Hungarians demonstrated a use of siege weapons, including a battering ram at the Siege of Ausburg. After the death of the last king Demetrius Zvonimir of Croatia, he left no heir, so his wife Helen, the sister of Saint Ladislaus I of Hungary called the Hungarian troops to take control of the kingdom. After that, Croatia was attached to the Hungarian kingdom, and a personal union was forced. After Saint Ladislaus' death, his nephew, the King Coloman of Hungary ascended to the Hungarian throne. The feudal lords of Croatia elected a new king, and tried to get rid of the Hungarian occupation, and then the Hungarians took up arms against Croatia, and won a bloody victory at Gvozd Mountain. After this, Coloman was crowned as king of Croatia in 1102. The Hungarian chivalric army was at its best during the reign of Louis I, who also led campaigns against Italy in 1347 and 1350. Nevertheless, there were still light cavalry units in the army, consisting of, among others, Szeklers and the settling Kuns. On the winter of 1458 the 15 years old Mathias Corvinus was elected as king by the Hungarian nobility. During his reign he dealt with the noble factions, and created a centralized royal authority, supported mainly by the first permanent Hungarian mercenary army, the Fekete Sereg (King's Black Army). Mathias favored the obsolete catapults over the modern cannons already employed by his father. Light cavalry, formed by hussars and Jász mounted archers, regained part of their former role in the Fekete Sereg.
On 2 September 1686 united Hungarian, Austrian and West-European troops liberated Buda from the Turkish occupation. By the end of the 17th century Christian armies led by Habsburgs conquered all the Turkish-ruled territories. Thereafter the Kingdom of Hungary was part of the Habsburg Monarchy.
A decisive part of the fighting force – about four fifth, most of the time – was formed by the main arm of the time: infantry. The other arm, cavalry, still consisted mainly of heavy cavalry, or units equipped with mail armor, called battle cavalry. Another two types of cavalry were dragoons and light cavalry. Hungarian hussars became internationally recognized, being a prime example of light cavalry. In this era artillery became a third arm.
Two significant attempts were made at achieving independence: the war for independence led by Francis II Rákóczi (1703–1711), and the Hungarian Revolution of 1848.
Notable battles [ edit ]
Kingdom of Hungary (1526-1867) [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Bohn, H.G. (1854). Hungary and Its Revolutions from the Earliest Period to the Nineteenth Century. London. ASIN B000H48F74.
0 Special wheelchairs to be added to Volusia County beaches
VOLUSIA COUNTY, Fla. - Some special wheelchairs will be available soon for Volusia County beachgoers with special needs.
The county will have two of the wheelchairs, made specifically for moving across sand, available in January.
Officials said they will be running a pilot program with the first chairs to see if there is enough interest to warrant the purchase of more.
If there is enough interest, the county will purchase 10 more chairs to place at various beach safety stations from New Smyrna Beach to Ormond Beach.
Mark Swanson, the director of Volusia County Beach Ocean Rescue, said he expects to see a big demand for the wheelchairs.
"There is definitely a need. People are asking for them, so we want to provide that service. It is a free service. There is no charge for them to get the chairs," Swanson said.
Swanson said the pilot program will last a couple of months, and if it is successful the remainder of the wheelchairs should be in place before summer.
Underwater Hunger Artist: Giant Isopod Fasts For 4 Years
YouTube
From Japan comes news of a giant isopod that knows all there is to know about the hunger game. How else to explain the fasting behavior of the animal that, his minders say, hasn't eaten in more than 1,500 days? The male giant isopod, known simply as No. 1, last ate on Jan. 2, 2009 — or, to put it in perspective, 18 days before President Obama began his first term.
The giant isopod's last meal at the Toba Aquarium, reports Japan Times, was a horse mackerel, which it devoured in just five minutes.
But that was four years ago. Since then, No. 1 has only pretended to eat — going so far as to rub its face on dead fish before walking away, according to reports. The aquarium's Takaya Moritaki says he has tried everything he can think of to get the finicky giant isopod, which was caught in the Gulf of Mexico, to eat.
"I just want it to eat something somehow. It's weakened in this state," he tells the Japan Daily Press. He recently invited the media to witness the giant isopod's hunger strike, as it spurned several pieces of fish. The mysterious behavior has not taken an obvious toll on No. 1, which has reportedly remained healthy during its long period of abstaining.
Giant isopods are close relatives of rolly pollies and "pill bugs," with a few adaptations for living on the ocean floor in the deep, cold waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. They have seven pairs of legs and four sets of jaws and can grow to more than two feet in length.
As scavengers, the animals are built to survive long periods between meals.
"Giant isopods are always in a state of semihibernation because they don't know when they can eat, so they limit their energy on breathing and other activities," marine ecologist Taeko Kimura tells Japan Times. "For that purpose they sometimes keep a large amount of fat in their livers, so maybe No. 1 still has a source of energy in its body, and that's why it still has no appetite."
But aquarium staff are concerned, especially as the tank No. 1 is in previously housed a healthy, and hungry, giant isopod. The artificial seawater it contains is "highly unlikely to generate organic substances" to sustain the animal, Japan Times notes.
Could someone be sneaking food to No. 1 — perhaps in an odd show of allegiance to the old British TV show The Prisoner? Or could it somehow be living on to err... effluvia of its fellows? Somehow, this mysterious animal, which Sea and Sky calls "without a doubt one of the strangest creatures found in the deep sea," has managed to keep some of its secrets.
The sense of the presence of God. Something I pray everyone I know may have. I wish everyone in the world could have it.
In Paradise, Adam and Eve lived in the presence of God, they would consciously have to ignore God, intentionally block God from their hearts/minds, not to be aware of God. Literally, they lived in His presence, in the Paradise in which God was the gardener. They were protected by God and so nothing could hurt them. And yet Eve, and Adam chose to banish God from their thinking. They expelled God from their lives in order to experience the world without God's presence. They felt they could think more clearly if not living in that bright cloud in which God speaks (see Psalm 99:7; Matthew 17:5). [Note – in Paradise, Satan knew he could not harm God's creatures; they were protected by the Almighty Creator. Humans could be harmed only if they did it to themselves by choosing to wean themselves away from God. Satan does not make Eve or Adam do anything. In Genesis 3, Satan only hints and suggests, he never even tells Eve or Adam what to do. They make those choices of their own free will and to their own demise. Satan has no power over Adam and Eve, and if we Orthodox would follow our own prayers at the baptismal exorcism, we would realize that like Adam and Eve in Paradise, Satan has no power over any sealed, enlisted warrior for Christ.]
How was it possible to exile God their Creator from the world which God had made? And yet the first humans did just that – they created some kind of limit to God, blocking God from their own sensory experience, so they could choose for themselves apart from God. Amazing! Yet, we all – every human being – have that same power: each of us can put God out of mind, can function as if God does not exist, can forget God completely in our daily lives.
God for God's part has chosen to limit His own omnipotence. When God created human beings with free will, the Almighty chose to limit divine power. God allowed creatures to think apart from divinity and to make choices against God's own will. Clearly in Scriptures, God limited His own powers – in the burning bush for example. God reveals that being all powerful means even being able to limit that power. The burning bush was simply a foreshadowing of the real intention of God's limits – the incarnation in the womb of Mary in which the uncontainable God limits His presence and powers. One of the powers of the almighty God is to limit His own omnipotence! Mary as Theotokos is both the mystery of God limiting His own omnipotence and the miracle of a human being able to contain divinity.
If we want to live in a world in which God's power is limited – which we chose when we chose like Eve and Adam to follow our own will rather than God's – God is willing to be at work in that world as well since it is still part of God's own creation. The Old Testament in which God appears in shadows and is veiled in mystery is the history of God limiting His almighty self in order to deal with us on our terms. In giving us free will, God decided to deal with us on our terms for He certainly did not predestine our choices. Just look at Genesis 2:19 – “So out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field and every bird of the air, and brought them to the man to see what he would call them; and whatever the man called every living creature, that was its name.” God even waits to see what Adam will call each species of animal. God doesn't predetermine even such a simple thing as the names of the animals He creates. Humans have a creative role to play and they do choose and determine many things for themselves and for all creation. [At least in Genesis of the Jews and Christians. In the Quran, conversely, God determines everything, even the names of the animals. Adam's task is simply to memorize what God has predetermined the names of the animals to be. Adam is not a creative being, but merely an obedient one in Islam's creation story. God tests Adam to see if he has in fact memorized what God has done. Unlike in Islam, in Judaism and Christianity, humans have clear free will from the beginning and God observes what the humans choose – God's love means the almighty God exercises restraint over God's own omnipotence.]
The world of the Fall is a world in which God has limited His omnipotence, in which we do not always or automatically sense God's presence. We are not guaranteed His protection either, for example, God does not protect us from the consequences of our own behavior.
And yet, God continues to love us and care for us and to work out His plan for our salvation. Law, prophets, promises, saints, miracles – all were given to us to help us be aware of God's presence. The Old Testament is the witness to God's continual and uninterrupted love for us humans.
Today, we also have Holy Communion for those united to Christ in baptism and chrismation. The Eucharist is God's gift to us to enable to further experience God's own presence in our world, in our lives, as God works out His plan for the salvation of the world.
In the midst of a broken, fallen world, we experience grace in Holy Communion. For in the Eucharist God is present in creation in a way which wasn't even true in the Paradise of Adam and Eve. We can become aware again of God's abiding presence in His creation. We can experience God directly and fully. We are not alone in the world, we are not without divine help and protection. Throughout Lent with our increased opportunities for receiving the Eucharist, we have ever more reason to be thankful and joyful and hopeful. We are not completely cut off from God, we are not orphans without a heavenly Father. Every time we come to church, we are placing ourselves in the presence of God. We can experience God in creation as well, but in Church we have the special gifts from God of the Body and Blood of Christ. Christ in our midst and Christ in us. As we pray at the Liturgy of the Presanctified Gifts [emphasis is mine and not in the text] :
Look upon us, Your unworthy servants who stand at this holy altar as the Cherubic throne, upon which rests Your only-begotten Son and our God, in the dread Mysteries that are set forth. Having freed us all and all Your faithful people from uncleanness, sanctify all our souls and bodies with the sanctification which cannot be taken away, that partaking with a clean conscience, with faces unashamed, with hearts illumined, of these divine, sanctified Things, and by them being given life, we may be united to Your Christ Himself, our true God, Who has said, “Whoever eats My flesh and drinks My blood abides in Me, and I in him,” that by Your Word, O Lord, dwelling within us and sojourning among us, we may become a temple of Your all-holy and adorable Spirit, redeemed from every diabolical wile, wrought either by deed or word or thought, and may obtain the good things promised to us with all Your saints who have been well-pleasing to You.
Etymology and definitions Edit
History Edit
From the United States of America interventions to the "Good Neighbor" policy Edit
Demographics Edit
Economy Edit
Inequality Edit
Main article: Wealth inequality in Latin America Wealth inequality in Latin America and the Caribbean remains a serious issue despite strong economic growth and improved social indicators over the past decade. A report released in 2013 by the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs entitled Inequality Matters. Report of the World Social Situation, observed that: ‘Declines in the wage share have been attributed to the impact of labour-saving technological change and to a general weakening of labour market regulations and institutions.[152] Such declines are likely to affect individuals in the middle and bottom of the income distribution disproportionately, since they rely mostly on labour income.' In addition, the report noted that ‘highly-unequal land distribution has created social and political tensions and is a source of economic inefficiency, as small landholders frequently lack access to credit and other resources to increase productivity, while big owners may not have had enough incentive to do so.[152][153]
Trade blocs Edit
Tourism Edit
Culture Edit
See also Edit
Notes Edit
References Edit
