A Texas man whose life sentence on drug charges was commuted by former President Obama is back behind bars after cops caught him with more than two pounds of cocaine following a high-speed chase, according to a report.
Robert M. Gill, 68, had been imprisoned in 1990 for for cocaine and heroin distribution before Obama set him free along with other non-violent federal inmates in 2015, the San Antonio Express News reported.
During his eight years in office, Obama commuted 1,715 prison sentences, more than any other president.
Last Thursday, according to federal court papers, Gill met with his probation officers and then went to the parking lot of a food market to buy more than 2 pounds of cocaine.
Gill met a person who gave him a black backpack that he placed in his vehicle, and a sheriff's deputy in an unmarked car tried to stop him, the affidavit said.
But Gill took off and after a high-speed chase collided with another vehicle where deputies were able to disable his car.
Officers found the cocaine in the backpack and put him under arrest, the affidavit said.
CLICK FOR MORE FROM THE NEW YORK POST.
UTSA's Tesha Smith came up with a put back bucket with four seconds left in overtime which lifted the Roadrunners over UTEP 83-81 in a thrilling overtime conference opener.
Smith finished with 18 points off the bench as UTSA battled through a rough shooting night by getting to the free throw line 31 times, and pulled in 16 offensive rebounds to start C-USA play 1-0.
UTEP was led by Sparkle Taylor who scored a game high 28 points, Najala Howell also scored 20 points, but UTEP shot 41.5 percent in the end, and couldn't close out that final rebound in overtime.
The Miners found themselves down 39-30 late in the first half, but ended the final two minutes of the first half with a 7-0 run and trailed 39-37 at halftime.
The lead changed hands 14 times in the game, and went into the fourth quarter knotted up at 61-all.
Things remained nip-and-tuck for the entire fourth quarter, and it was Howell who came up huge when things look liked they were going to slip away from UTEP.
Howell missed a 3-pointer with five seconds left and UTEP down 73-70, but Faith Cook scrapped for the rebound, and kicked it out to Howell who tied the game with .5 seconds left sending things to overtime.
The lead changed six times in overtime period, and Howell's jumper put UTEP ahead 80-77 with 2:24 left in the extra period. Although UTEP would miss their last four looks from the field, and Smith came away with the go ahead bucket that dismantled a hard fought UTEP effort.
Zuzanna Puc had one last look as time ran out in overtime, but missed as UTEP falls to 3-10 overall on the season.
Lulu McKinney and Tamara Seda each added 11 points for UTEP, although both fouled out. Seda also grabbed 10 rebounds, and McKinney dished out eight assists.
UTEP was also active on the offensive glass with 18 second chance points, and out scored UTSA 40-28 in points in the paint.
The Miners went 5-for-17 from 3-point land, although UTSA hit nine of their 21 attempts from long distance and were led by Loryn Goodwin who scored 26 points, and went 12-for-13 at the free throw line.
Next up, UTEP will host Louisiana Tech next Thursday at 7 p.m. Mountain Time.
An arrest warrant has been issued for the controversial rapper and alleged boob-biter Azealia Banks.
According to Pitchfork, the 25-year-old artist failed to appear in court Monday to face charges of misdemeanor assault, attempted assault, and disorderly conduct. The charges stem from a 2015 incident, in which Banks allegedly punched and bit the breast of a nightclub security guard after she was prohibited from entering a private party at NYC's Up&Down.
Page Six reports Banks' lawyer read a note written by the rapper in court Monday: “I can be back tomorrow if the court needs it.”
N0ajNhOTE61VNaDVFc7me53X13VO1aT9
An entertainment attorney representing Banks has since released a statement explaining why his client was unable to make her scheduled court appearance. Apparently, Banks had confused the dates and was unable to appear because she was in Europe.
Azealia Banks mistakenly believed she had a court appearance on March 8 instead of March 6. She was in France for Fashion week due to meetings and other social gatherings and was not able to arrange her flight in time to appear today. She apologizes and will apologize in person to the Court for missing her scheduled hearing. In addition, she attempted to appear via a New York Attorney and through a close family member. Ms. Banks will go to the department to remedy the situation as soon as possible. Again, she apologizes for the inconvenience that may have caused the Department.
Shortly before the altercation at Up&Down, Banks was caught on surveillance allegedly attacking another security guard at a nightclub in Los Angeles. The footage—obtained by TMZ—shows a bouncer attempting to remove Banks from the Break Room 86 venue, before a scuffle breaks out. Though the LAPD reportedly opened a criminal battery investigation, Banks ultimately dodged assault charges, as the L.A. City Attorney determined the footage failed to provide enough evidence.
The construction of the Main Building in 1864 marked the beginning of the steady expansion of Rensselaer's campus up the hill on Troy's eastern edge. There were two exceptions: the Gymnasium (the subject of our December 3 post) built just below the Main Building in 1887 and the lesser known Alumni Building erected on Second Street next to the Troy Savings Bank in 1893.
Despite its name, the Alumni Building was not intended as a center for Rensselaer alumni activities, but rather as home for the Institute's geological and mineralogical collections and its principal administrative offices. Rensselaer's entire collection of geological and mineralogical specimens (many of which were collected by Amos Eaton) was destroyed in the Troy fire of 1862. Following the fire Professor of Natural History Henry B. Nason began assembling a teaching collection of minerals, rock specimens, and fossils which were housed on the top floor of the Main Building.
At an alumni meeting in January of 1888 in Troy, Professor Nason urged that the Institute erect a fireproof building in which the collections could be housed. The State Geologist of New York James Hall, Class of 1832, promised a valuable collection of fossils if such a building was constructed.
Part of the funding for the fireproof building was raised by subscriptions from participants in the Troy meeting and in January 1889 Pittsburg alumni pledged enough to cover construction costs. A lot on Second Street immediately north of the Troy Saving Bank (where the Rensselaer trustees held their meetings) was purchased in 1890 for $10,000 with funds subscribed by the trustees. The building was designed by the Wilson Brothers architectural firm of Philadelphia (all three brothers were alums).
Fifty feet square and three stories high, the building was faced with brownstone on the first floor and yellow brick and terra-cotta on the top floors. The first floor contained the Institute library, an office for the Institute's director and a meeting room for the board of trustees. The top floors contained the geological and mineralogical collections (about 10,000 specimens) and a lecture room for the department of geology. The total construction cost was $35,000.
The Alumni Building was in use from 1893 to 1912 when all the collections and offices were moved to the newly constructed Pittsburg Building. Sold in 1915 to the Young Men's Hebrew Association, the building is now owned by First Niagara Bank.
Palmer C. Ricketts, who occupied an office in the Alumni Building first as Institute Director and then President, summed up his exasperation with its location in his 1934 history of Rensselaer:
“No good reason has ever been given for the erection of the Alumni Building on Second Street, so far away from the other buildings and so far below them. Its use as the office of the director was extremely inconvenient. The library, while in it, was almost useless. The collections housed in it compelled its use for the teaching of geology and mineralogy, to the great inconvenience and loss of time of students all of whose other recitations were conducted in the buildings half a mile away from the Alumni Building and on the hill about 100 feet above it. When the Warren property was bought and buildings began to be erected still further up the hill and the number of students began to increase, the inconvenience became still greater…”
It was only a matter of time before an episode of "Real Housewives of the White House" played out before the entire world.
On Monday morning Donald Trump's ex-wife, Ivana Trump, appeared on Good Morning America where jokingly she said that "I'm basically first Trump wife. I'm first lady.”
Ivana Trump says she has Pres. Trump's direct White House number: "I'm basically first Trump wife. I'm first lady." https://t.co/SiTlUUDX2S pic.twitter.com/0DQ5AMQ311 — Good Morning America (@GMA) October 9, 2017
Asked how often Ivana speaks with her ex-husband, Trump said about once every 14 days, boasting he has a "direct number to the White House," but she admitted she's reluctant to call him too often.
"I have the direct number to White House, but I no really want to call him there because Melania is there, and I don't want to cause any kind of jealousy or something like that," Ivana said, laughing. "Because I'm basically first Trump wife, okay? I'm first lady, okay?"
While Ivana was largely sanguine about Melania Trump, she was much less so about Trump's second wife, Marla Maples, who had an affair with him while he was still married to Ivana Trump. "One is nobody. And the other one is First Lady," Ivana Trump joked.
Her statements, however, did not go over well with the real first lady, and In a statement issued by her spokesperson Stephanie Grisham, Melania Trump blasted her husband's first wife for her statements on GMA.
"She plans to use her title and role to help children, not sell books,” the spokeswoman said in a statement. “There is clearly no substance to this statement from an ex. Unfortunately only attention seeking and self-serving noise.”
Melania Trump's office rips "attention seeking" Ivana Trump in a statement because we live in a reality show now pic.twitter.com/h38jDa62Qz — Benjy Sarlin (@BenjySarlin) October 9, 2017
While as Mediaite points out, this is the kind of public spat in which Melania's husband routinely engages, for Melania, this type of squabble is rare, while this type of harsh rebuke, rarer still.
As for Ivana, one can see the motive behind the feud: she is currently promoting her new memoir "Raising Trump," which features stories about raising her children with Trump. During her book promotion tour, the former Mrs. Trump has made several headline-grabbing comments: in a previous interview, she claimed that her ex-husband offered her the ambassadorship to the Czech Republic. She also bashed his second wife, Marla Maples.
A Bonds trial believed to cost $6 million. A sprawling, civil liberties-trampling investigation that began with questionable dumpster-diving by a small potatoes ex-jock turned tax investigator, morphed into a big-name athlete trophy safari, gave an undercover narcotics agent a weightlifting-induced stroke, ran up a reported $50-plus million price tag, and has no end in sight. Almost a decade of increasingly scarce federal legal resources that otherwise could be put toward drug and immigration cases, instead going to prove and re-prove an obvious, numbing point: Why yes, Virginia, elite athletes juice. (Next on Action News at 11: major corporations exploit the same tax loopholes their own lobbyists write!) Oh, to top things off, Conte now has a slobbery, sweet yellow lab named Balco. No joke.
Was it worth it?
At the end of the day, what did we—the cash-strapped, debt-choked citizens footing the bill—really get?
Do we really want to know?
Look, non-medical steroid use is a crime. So is distribution. In conventional drug cases, the latter typically is more serious than the former, both by statute and in practice. Law enforcement flips users to get to small-time dealers, and small-time dealers to get to bigger suppliers. Little fish lead to whales.
BALCO, by contrast, reversed the order. To wit: steroid supplier Angel "Memo" Heredia avoided punishment by testifying as a star witnesses against track coach Trevor Graham, who allegedly received drugs from Heredia and gave them to athletes such as one-time Olympic golden girl Marion Jones.
Jones ultimately was sentenced to six months in prison. Graham was placed under house arrest for one year. Neither individual was punished for actually using or distributing steroids; they were rapped, respectively, for Jones lying about her use and Graham being untruthful about his relationship with Heredia.
As for Heredia? The guy who was, you know, peddling drugs? He got nothing. Bupkus. To put things another way: suppose the DEA and federal prosecutors had the biggest cocaine importer in the state of California dead to rights. And suppose that instead of locking him or her up, they instead cut a deal to build stronger perjury cases against ... Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen.
Does that make sense?
Weighed against the investigative and prosecutorial manpower expended, the punishments meted out in the BALCO saga seem trivial. Conte: four months of house arrest, four months in a minimum-security facility. Former Bonds trainer Greg Anderson: three months in prison. Steroid chemist Patrick Arnold: three months in prison, three months of house arrest. Cyclist Tammy Thomas: six months of house arrest. That's a lot of ankle bracelets (and a preview for what Bonds can expect should not win his upcoming appeal). The list goes on. BALCO executive James Valente and affiliated track coach Remi Korchemny: one year of probation, each. Defense lawyer Troy Ellerman: 16 months in a federal prison for leaking the names of the athletes involved in the investigation, the longest and most severe sentence in the entire case.
PIN Entry Device (PED) vulnerabilities
by Saar Drimer, Steven J. Murdoch and Ross Anderson
Executive summary
In Chip & PIN card transactions, customers insert their card and enter their PIN into a PIN Entry Device (PED). We have demonstrated that two popular PEDs, the Ingenico i3300 and Dione Xtreme, fail to adequately protect card details and PINs. Fraudsters, with basic technical skills, can record this information and create fake cards which may be used to withdraw cash from ATMs abroad, and even some in the UK. These failures are despite the terminals being certified secure under the Visa approval scheme, and in the case of the Ingenico, the Common Criteria system. Our results expose significant failings in the entire evaluation and certification process.
Background
The UK banking industry chose to deploy Chip & PIN cards that do not encrypt the data exchanged between the card and the PED during a transaction. By tapping these communications, fraudsters can obtain the PIN and create a magnetic strip version of the card to make ATM withdrawals in the UK and abroad. We examined two of the most popular PEDs used in the UK and found that cardholders are exposed to simple and cheap attacks.
Our investigations of why this failure took place also discovered flaws in the certification system which is supposed to protect customers. Overall responsibility for certification lies with the banking industry itself and the process of evaluation is hidden from the public. Despite our findings, none of the PEDs we examined are to be removed from service.
The full results of our study are to be published at the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy. An extended version of our paper is available online as technical report UCAM-CL-TR-711: "Thinking inside the box: system-level failures of tamper proofing". The key findings are summarised in our press release. Our work was featured on Newsnight, BBC2, 26 February 2008. A video of the segment is also available (alternate version: part 1 and part 2).
Following our November 2007 notification, in February 2008, we asked APACS, GCHQ, Visa, Ingenico, and Verifone a number of questions. Ingenico did not reply. The responses we did receive are:
Questions and answers
Why does the "tapping attack" work?
Data is not encrypted between the card and the PED. To initiate a transaction, the card sends its details to the PED. The PED also sends the customer's PIN to the card for verification. Both of these exchanges are unencrypted, and together contain enough information to create a fake card. This card, which has a correct magnetic strip but no chip, can be used in shops in countries which don't yet use Chip & PIN. It can also be used to withdraw cash from ATMs abroad, because the fraudster also has the correct PIN recorded. Fake cards may also work in some UK ATMs which still accept magnetic-strip only cards.
How can the attack be prevented?
The banks can do more to prevent such attacks. The more expensive DDA (Dynamic Data Authentication) cards allow the PIN to be encrypted and so preventing it from being intercepted. Banks could also block magnetic strip transactions, but this would prevent use of cards abroad. They could also alter the copy of the magnetic strip stored on the chip, replacing it with an "iCVV". APACS states that all UK cards issued since January 2008 have an iCVV, but our own testing in February 2008 shows this not to be the case.
When did you contact the banking industry?
In November 2007, we informed APACS, GCHQ, Visa, Ingenico and, Verifone (Dione) of our findings and sent them a draft copy of our paper stating that it would be released in January/February 2008. All except Visa acknowledged receipt, but we did confirm that Visa downloaded the paper from the address we sent them.
APACS were notified that Newsnight would be featuring our work on 21 February 2008. On Friday 22 February 2008, they asked us for some clarifications to our paper. This was over three months after our original notification in which we offered to answer any queries our work raised. Prior to this we received no requests for assistance. On 27 February 2008 we answered the questions APACS raised.
Is there anything that customers can do?
Perhaps, but not much. Since January 2008, some banks have issued iCVV compliant cards, which are less vulnerable to fraud. Customers could ask their bank to re-issue their card, to help defend against the attack we describe here, and other variants criminals are using.
Otherwise, there is not many customers can do. The Dione tap is hard to spot, and the Ingenico one is completely enclosed by the terminal.
Aren't PEDs and terminals supposed to be tamper-resistant?
Yes, but they aren't. The designers of the PEDs we examined failed to stop the simple attacks, and in fact the devices have curiously placed holes and contacts that make these attacks even easier. The PEDs do have some anti-tampering mechanisms (such as lid switches, sensor meshes and epoxy encapsulated hardware), yet they are mostly used to protect the banks' security rather than the cardholders'.
Who approved these PEDs?
Visa and APACS. Both PEDs we examined were approved by Visa, and the Ingenico was additionally approved by APACS. APACS and Verifone (the manufacturer of the Dione PED) have refused to tell us who evaluated the PEDs or let us see the reports. Ingenico has not responded to our questions.
The Ingenico PED is Common Criteria approved. What does this mean?
Not very much. Common Criteria is a system for certifying product security. It is operated by a network of government-appointed bodies, such as GCHQ in the UK or the NSA in the US. The Ingenico PED was not certified under this scheme and GCHQ has no knowledge of the device. It was actually certified by APACS on the basis of a secret report from an undisclosed laboratory.
Now that vulnerabilities are exposed, will the certification be withdrawn?
No. APACS are responsible for certifying the Ingenico terminal, and will not revoke the certification. Visa did not respond to our questions.
What may be the cause of these vulnerabilities?
There can be many causes. The primary cause, in our opinion, is the banks' lack of emphasis on the security of cardholder data, or the lack of the right incentive structure to improve security. If protecting customers were a higher priority then they would have spent the extra money on technologies such as PIN encryption and iCVV that make card cloning more difficult.
Wouldn't merchants detect tampered-with PEDs?
They might if they were trained to do so, but they aren't. There are also corrupt merchants, and staff may be coerced into installing tampered PEDs. The banks seem to assume that merchants are honest and base their security outlook on this incorrect assumption.
Why are you doing this work?
Previous documents have warned about the possibility of this type of attack, though we have not seen any action to stop it. There are cases currently in court in which criminals are accused of stealing eight-figure sums using tampered terminals, but these will remain sub judice until details become public. Meanwhile customers who complain about phantom withdrawals are just told that the banks' systems are secure.
We therefore bought the two most popular PEDs on eBay and analyzed them to see if they are as secure as claimed. Our intent is twofold: reducing fraud and empowering defrauded cardholders during disputes with banks. It seems that public pressure is the only effective way in pressuring the banking industry to adopt sound security practices.
How much does it cost to implement this attack?
Very little. As described in some detail in our paper, the basic attack tool is a paper clip. In order to record and analyze transactions a couple hundred pounds' worth of equipment is required, in addition to some digital design experience.
Aren't you helping criminals?
No. Criminals are already using tampered terminals to forge bank cards. We are not teaching them anything new. Detailed information on criminal activity has been kept out the public domain by the sub judice rules. This leaves customers at a disadvantage when they complain, and lessens the pressure on vendors to design better terminals.
Security systems improve as vulnerabilities are disclosed to the people that can fix them. We have privately informed affected organisation of our findings over three months prior to public disclosure. The replies we received indicated that no immidiate improvement to security will be made. The banking industry even argued that the attacks we describe will not adversely affect cardholders; we strongly disagree with that assessment.
Fraud is actually happening. Furthermore, prior work by other researchers and organisations already warned about the possibility of such vulnerabilities over the past three years, yet nothing has been done about it.
In yesterday's blog post I asked for thoughts regarding the pathologizing language that dominates most conversations about autism and those who are Autistic. I received some terrific responses both here, through email and on Emma's Hope Book Facebook page. I also asked Emma for her thoughts, which she very patiently gave me and generously said I could post here.
Emma wrote, “Deciding autism is a medical condition eases the minds of those who profit from it.”
A couple of great links were sent to things that have been written on the topic or related topics. This, from the Zur Institute entitled: DSM: Diagnosing for Status and Money, focusses on the DSM and argues, “Historically, many clinicians have been unaware that the DSM is more political than scientific, that there is little agreement among professionals regarding the meaning of vaguely defined terms, and that it includes only scant empirical data.”
Another link sent was this one, Time to let go of the medical model by Jarrod Marrinon, which does not speak specifically about autism, but is certainly still relevant.
And this link from Nick Walker's blog, Five Steps Toward Autism Acceptance is terrific with the first step being, “De-pathologize autism and Autistic people. This, in particular, stood out, “Blind people, Deaf people, and many other disabled people get the services and accommodations they need without being labeled as having mental disorders. We don't have to call autism a disorder or a disease to acknowledge that Autistic people are disabled and can require accommodations.”
Nick's words were similar to what Emma wrote when I asked, “What do you say to people who need support and assistance in their daily life?”
“Why should they have to fight anyone to receive the help they need to live?”
I said, “Well, in an ideal world they wouldn't need to, but some say that there is only so much money and available resources, so people need to prove that they need the help more than others. In effect they are being forced to compete for the money that's been allocated.
Emma wrote, “This sounds like an excuse so that people who do not need help can feel better about how others are treated.”
David wrote, “The obsession with behavior as the be-all-end-all of autism “science” and “treatment” is a superficial distraction and a formula for spectacular failure in addressing the underlying realities – both impairments and abilities alike – which Autistics experience and must cope with every minute of every day. The temptation to pathologize and treat behavior for its own sake is dangerously misleading and utterly beside the point. That boilerplate approach to autism HAS GOT TO GO.”
Toddynho wrote, “why pathologizing autism is harmful”
Compare and contrast the life experiences of LGBT people in contexts where homosexuality is pathologized and in contexts where it is not.
“Are there any studies showing the direct links to pathology language and harm and abuse of the people who are being pathologized?”
To me, it's self-evident and obvious that groups that are pathologized on the basis of their way of being are harmed and abused in consequence.
“If we do not pathologize autism how will the people who require assistance receive it?”
On a massive, massive scale, the adult autistics who require assistance are either receiving no assistance whatsoever, or the meager assistance being received is grossly inadequate if not downright harmful.”
Toddynho goes on to say, “What we have is a society that is pervasively pathological. Addressing the most acute societal pathologies will improve things for autistic people broadly much more and much faster than any kind of autism-specific “assistance” strategies ever will — and moreover will make things a lot better for most non-autistic people too.”
Gregg wrote, “Its a false logic really. There is nothing inherent to medical model understandings of Autism that enables support. Just the opposite really Its well documented that social model understandings enable supports that are far more useful to autistic people. I see no value in pathologizing Autism except to the industry that has been built up trying to take advantage of parents of Autistic kids.”
I believe the medical model, which is the model used in almost every university and by most autism professionals does tremendous damage to the very people they are intent on “helping”. To repeat what Toddynho wrote, “…it's self-evident and obvious that groups that are pathologized on the basis of their way of being are harmed and abused in consequence.”
“Do you think pathologizing language is harmful?” I asked Emma.
Emma wrote, “Justifying decisions to ignore those who need help is not reason to make people feel ashamed of their existence. People need encouragement to do good. There will always be some who cannot, but this is not a good reason for everyone else to stop helping each other.”
- As one of the most successful movie franchises ever, Star Wars is loved by people around the world. In 2011 and 2012, the New Zealand Mint honored this popular film series by giving it its own Silver Star Wars coin collection and Gold Star Wars coin collection! The Star Wars collectible coins you find below feature all of the well-known characters from the original films such as, and Star Wars Episode 7 coins featuringand Poe Dameron These Star Wars coins for sale at APMEX will add to any Star Wars coin collection. These coins are colorful, attractive, unique and timeless. These Star Wars limited edition coins are made of either .9999 fine Gold or .999 fine Silver depending on the Star Wars coins of your choice. Each of these Star Wars coins for sale at APMEX can be added to your Star Wars coin collection today!Each Star Wars coin's legal tender is printed on the obverse next to an image of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The Star Wars coins' legal tender for the Gold Star Wars coins is $200 (NZD) for the 1 oz and $25 (NZD) for the 1/4 oz Darth Vader coins. The Star Wars coins' legal tender for the Silver Star Wars coins is $2 (NZD) for any character. Star Wars coins legal tender in this series is redeemable in New Zealand Dollars. These Star Wars coins value is worth more than their legal tender. With a limited mintage and high collectibility, these Star Wars collector coins are set to increase in numismatic value as well.Star Wars mint coins are a great gift for a young numismatist or Star Wars fan of any age. With “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” comes three new Silver Star Wars coins. These Star Wars Episode 7 coins will includeand Poe Dameron . These new characters are already set to be fan favorites and will increase in Star Wars coins value due to their limited mintages.These Star Wars coins have a limited mintage. The Silver Star Wars coins for sale have a mintage of 10,000 coins per character. The Gold Star Wars Coins for sale have a very low mintage of 1000 1/4 oz. APMEX offers Star Wars coins Niue and other collectible coins from New Zealand Mint.Looking to join the Rebellion in "Star Wars: Rogue One"? Add the Rebel Strike Team coin that includes Jyn Erso, Captain Cassian, K-2SO, Chirrut Imwe, Baze Malbus and Bodi Rook. Or are you looking to join the Empire? Add the Rogue One Empire coin that includes Empire logo and Director Orson Krennic, who intends to pulverize the Rebel uprising, and a squad of Deathroopers and Stormtroopers ready to strike at the Director's command. These new characters are already set to be fan favorites and will increase in Star Wars coins value due to their limited mintages!- These Niue Star Wars coins for sale are minted at the New Zealand Mint. The New Zealand Mint has had Star Wars limited edition coins in the past, and this new set of Star Wars collector coins are great additions to Star Wars coin collection. The new Silver Star Wars coins for sale at APMEX come in Brilliant Uncirculated Proof finish with the fully colored character. This series will include fan favorites such as Obi-Wan Kenobi and many more! Add all of these Star Wars mint coins to your collection today!
The political party that sent European copyright holders into a spin has opened a branch office in Australia and is recruiting office bearers and supporters.
The Pirate Party, which evolved from cultural and legal skirmishes with authorities in Sweden and Germany, last week updated the Australian website it registered last year and advertised for a president, treasurer, secretary and supporting positions.
A party spokesman, Rodney Serkowski, said the group was close to establishing a beachhead in Australia.
He said that with 300 supporters it was on its way to signing the 500 it needed to become an official Australian political party.
"We are currently an online community, working together with the intention of becoming a registered party, and we're coming closer to reaching that goal," Serkowski said.
"If we can get the required 500 members, and be registered by years end, I think it is highly probable that we will contest the next Federal election in Australia."
At the weekend about two percent of Germans voted for the Pirate Party although it needed at least five percent to gain a seat in the German parliament, the Bundestag.
Serkowski said that one of the parties' aims was to counter the online censorship scheme proposed by Communications Minister Senator Stephen Conroy.
"We hope that their [the German Pirate Party's] success will help us in our push for registration, so that we can actively change the landscape of Australian politics by advocating fairer copyright, freer culture and ensuring the protection of civil liberties, sending a strong message to Mr Conroy that his censorship scheme is not welcome in Australia," Serkowski said.
Serkowski said the party's Australian policies would reflect those positions taken by its affiliates in Sweden and Germany.
He also said that illicit copying and sharing of content on online networks didn't equate to lost income for producers of such works.
"It is not the party's understanding that file sharing affects the artist detrimentally," Serkowski said.
"We believe that file sharing, even though it may be represented as a lost sale - that tired old drum the [music] industry beats, despite a 28 percent leap in profits for digital music last year recorded by the IFPI - it is in fact one of the best means of advertising for artists.
"It is only a matter of time before artists that haven't already made this realisation, do," Serkowski said.
"It allows for entire niche genres and unknown artists to propagate their creative works to fans, without the controls imposed by industry, allowing more vibrant cultural and economic outcomes for artists."
Serkowski also said the Pirate Party supported the legislation of non-commercial file sharing. He also voiced concerns about Senator Conroy vowing to tackle illegal file-sharing by looking at initiatives such as a 'three strikes' law which could see internet users disconected after infringing copyright three times in a row.
"We don't want a three strikes situation to happen in Australia, as it is being proposed in the UK, and has been suggested by Senator Conroy and ARIA," he said.
"[It] threatens freedom of expression and due process - especially when socially, culturally and economically we have become dependent on the internet,
"Any attempt to disconnect a citizen and seperate them from these fundamental rights for the purposes of protecting a monopoly is offensive."
Elections will be held online at 8pm on October 7 for the National Council of the Pirate Party of Australia.
Yesterday, Fox News Sunday‘s Chris Wallace challenged and questioned the arguments NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre made during their interview about gun rights — making for a rather tense segment. The folks over at Morning Joe took note, lauding Wallace's grilling.
RELATED: Chris Wallace Skewers NRA's Wayne LaPierre On Gun Violence: ‘That's Ridiculous And You Know It, Sir'
Wallace's interview grew particularly tense when LaPierre seemed to disagree with his assertion that the president's children face different threats than other schoolchildren do. At one point, as LaPierre said all children are entitled to the same amount of protection at school, Wallace said: “You really think that the president's children are the same kind of target as every school child in America? I think that's ridiculous and you know it, sir.”
“Wow! Chris Wallace, man,” Joe Scarborough reacted. “Good on him!”
Looking at the class/elitist argument LaPierre made during the interview, Scarborough remarked, “I don't know what's wrong with him” — commenting on the hypocrisy of making such an argument despite having security guards himself.
“And this argument — and Chris Wallace really drilled down hard here — the argument, seriously, that all of our children deserve the same amount of protection as the president of the United States' children?” he continued. “That's the problem with Wayne LaPierre and the extremist wing of the NRA's arguments. They're stupid arguments.”
“It's something Sarah Palin would say,” Mika Brzezinski chimed in.
Mark Halperin, too, felt Wallace did an “outstanding” job: “What a journalist should do, without fear, favor or ideological point of view…a great job.” It was a “seminal moment,” he added, because it showed that many of LaPierre's arguments are “not on point.”
Take a look, via MSNBC:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
If the present era of human civilization is seen in terms of its defining technologies and resources, humans are now living in the "oil age." Many features that define contemporary life are more dependent upon oil than any other single resource. In numbers: the world currently uses roughly 75-80 million barrels of crude oil per day, of which the United States consumes about 20 million, or roughly one-quarter of the global supply. At 42 gallons per barrel, every man, woman, and child in the U.S., on average, consumes nearly three gallons of crude oil every single day of their lives. And that amount is only growing with time.
How is such a massive need met, here and abroad, year after year? Where and with what techniques are oil found and produced in ever-greater quantities, even as some experts warn that oil is becoming increasingly scarce? What is required to bring oil and its many by-products to market in the midst of political and economic uncertainty? These and related questions are the focus of this guide.
By Scott K. Johnson, Ars Technica
During Tuesday's magnitude 5.8 earthquake in Virginia, perceptible shaking was reported as far away as South Carolina and Maine. So why doesn't the same thing happen during California's much more frequent earthquakes along the San Andreas Fault?
[partner id="arstechnica" align="right"]It comes down to a difference in crust. Density and temperature are primary controls on how far seismic waves can propagate through rock before dissipating
On the East Coast, the continental crust is older, colder and denser. The coastline hasn't been tectonically active since Pangaea split apart, back when dinosaurs still roamed the Earth.
Contrast that with the West Coast, which is still tectonically active today, from the San Andreas Fault in Southern California to the subduction zone in the Pacific Northwest. West of the Rockies, the continent has been undergoing extension for the past 17 million years or so. That has stretched the crust, making it thinner and bringing hot mantle rock closer to the surface, which has warmed things up.
Because of these differences, shaking can be transmitted much farther (about three times the distance) through the colder, denser eastern crust.
Images: USGS
Source: Ars Technica
See Also:
Click here to check out the full article and video. Thanks to HtSgtMAD and Silverbullet for the tipoff!
Gameinformer has up an exclusive interview with PlanetSide 2 artist Patrick Ho, including a video of him building a player Respawn tube.
Latest Comments
2011-09-28 08:06 PM
SgtMAD Re: Spawn Tube Mastachief Originally Posted by looks like a deployable structure to me
who the hell knows
2011-09-28 10:15 PM
Brusi Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho awesome vid...
I assume he uses a wacom or something for the original line work? He works with an unbelievable number of layers, lol!
2011-09-28 10:20 PM
T-Ray Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho IDukeNukeml Originally Posted by this time lapse is just a small consideration to take into effect for what is involved for JUST concept art after importing a general 3d concept... I love how video games are made.
2011-09-28 10:46 PM
Hamma Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho It's great stuff! Really does make you think quite a bit.
I wish I could pwn at Photoshop like that I suck at being creative.
2011-09-28 11:35 PM
Crator Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Nice vid! Love seein' this kind of stuff!
2011-09-28 11:43 PM
Raymac Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho 2 days on designing the concept art for a spawn tube...yeah they are putting alot of love into this game, and Grandma taught me that love always makes it taste alot better. These are exciting times. For years I've been dreaming and longing for Planetside 2 and it's happening before our eyes. Literally in this case.
2011-09-29 12:28 AM
Accuser Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho I don't usually jump into wild speculation, but I'm thinking that cool sparkly shield might help prevent spawncamping...
2011-09-29 02:46 AM
Grimster Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Awesome looking concept art. Can't wait to see in-game footage of these tubes.
I don't get how people on Facebook can rant about this, looked awesome to me.
2011-09-29 06:49 AM
Lunarchild Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho T-Ray Originally Posted by Me too
Code: targetPawn.move(Vector3( 1, 0, 0))
2011-09-29 10:45 AM
TheRagingGerbil Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Cool stuff guys!
Tell me you guys kept the same sound for the tube and respawn!?!
2011-09-29 11:13 AM
Marsgrim Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Looks awesome, am I right in saying the Teal colour would be for the VS - with Red for TR and Yellow for NC?
Have to say that it gives some appreciation into the time taken for development and it looks like he's very professional and also loves his job.
2011-09-29 11:14 AM
Tigersmith Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Amazing Video. Would love to see how some other objects were made.
Spawn Tube looks pretty cool.
2011-09-29 11:23 AM
basti Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Damn, that is quite some heavy art work done there, and thats just for the concept.
Would like to see the modeling as well as texturing process as well.
2011-09-29 12:52 PM
TacosWLove Re: Spawn Tube Creation with artist Patrick Ho Yes very nice, lots of effort I see going into this and Im glad to see it!
'
Seems strange you would use Photoshop though, wouldnt you want to use illustrator or something like that? hmm
2011-09-29 05:48 PM
This material is published under the OGL
BLACK PUDDING
The typical black pudding measures 15 feet across and 2 feet thick. It weighs about 18,000 pounds.
COMBAT
A black pudding attacks by grabbing and squeezing their prey.
Acid (Ex): The creature secretes a digestive acid that dissolves organic material and metal quickly, but does not affect stone. Any melee hit or constrict attack deals acid damage, and the opponent's armor and clothing dissolve and become useless immediately unless they succeed on DC 21 Reflex saves. A metal or wooden weapon that strikes a black pudding also dissolves immediately unless it succeeds on a DC 21 Reflex save. The save DCs are Constitution-based.
The pudding's acidic touch deals 21 points of damage per round to wooden or metal objects, but the ooze must remain in contact with the object for 1 full round to deal this damage.
Constrict (Ex): A black pudding deals automatic slam and acid damage with a successful grapple check. The opponent's clothing and armor take a –4 penalties on Reflex saves against the acid.
Improved Grab (Ex): To use this ability, a black pudding must hit with its slam attack. It can then attempt to start a grapple as a free action without provoking an attack of opportunity. If it wins the grapple check, it establishes a hold and can constrict.
Split (Ex): Slashing and piercing weapons deal no damage to a black pudding. Instead the creature splits into two identical puddings, each with half of the original's current hit points (round down). A pudding with 10 hit points or less cannot be further split and dies if reduced to 0 hit points.
Skills: A black pudding has a +8 racial bonuses on Climb checks and can always choose to take 10 on a Climb check, even if rushed or threatened.
Back to Main Page → 3.5e Open Game Content → System Reference Document → Creatures
“For as long as man has walked the Earth, he has warred with his fellow man. And as long as there is war, there will be Ares.”
The news of Ares' inclusion in Wonder Woman has interesting ramifications, especially with the film being positioned as the potential saviour of the DCEU. If it works, there's hope for this series yet! If it doesn't, that gives Warner Bros. a hapless zero-for-four track record, making it all but the final nail in their superhero coffin. That's an awful lot of pressure for the first modern superhero film lead and directed by women, but it's also a fourth entry into a franchise built on shaky ground when it comes to approaching the fascist nature of superheroes.
Man of Steel and Batman v Superman are saturated with issues, but the chief among them is their muddled approach to power, trickling down and colouring every scene and every interaction. In Man of Steel, Superman circumvents the idea of diplomacy entirely, pummeling his opponent in a fit of rage from their very first encounter before going on to execute him extra-judicially. Putting aside the debate on whether or not he “should” kill, it's a poorly contextualized decision where neither the options nor the character stakes are weighed, and the film's Batman-heavy sequel presents a murderous Dark Knight who crushes goons with his car, and whose response to the fear of a Godlike murderer is, well, more murder.
We can certainly debate the merits and demerits of this kind of tone in superhero cinema (a post-9/11 redefinition of “Truth, Justice and the American way” vis-à-vis foreign policy, perhaps?), but the contextual glorification of Batman and Superman's actions amidst stories that position each of them as responses to power poses an interesting question for Wonder Woman and the film's big villain. Not only is Diana up against The Great War and the darkness of (hu)mankind, she's up against the embodiment of war itself.
Wonder Woman, while certainly a warrior, now bears the weight of a rather potent thematic question. She isn't just embroiled in war, but will have to on some levels contend with the idea of violent conflict. That isn't to say there's necessarily one correct answer – superheroes are violent power fantasy whether we admit it or not – but however the narrative approaches what could be its central theme (intentionally or otherwise) will likely impact how we see this DC universe.
Will it adhere to the DCEU's current status quo, wherein violence begetting violence is treated as mantra as opposed to inadvertent side-effect, let alone a reason for self-reflection? Or will it stand apart and contextualize said violence in the vein of the questions about power Batman v Superman merely paid lip service to?
Is violence the most effective solution in this universe? Probably! It's part of what we pay to watch, and the fictional mechanics are created in service of that. Save for Doctor Strange, the Marvel movies are no different, and that's okay. But perhaps a better question would be whether these characters represent an outlook wherein violence is seen as the only solution to conflict. That has its narrative pros and cons too, especially for a group comprising Superman and his friends, but it isn't something that can be contextualized or dramatically expressed if it's presented as the first resort from the start without the protagonists themselves reflecting on this modus operandi, and that's before we even get to the topic of lethal force. This leaves no room for any actual narrative debate on the subject, which is something these films desperately want to give the appearance of having, with their numerous news broadcasts of politicians discussing it and ghost-fathers giving conflicting advice that rarely presents a dilemma.
Maybe none of this will be remotely relevant to Wonder Woman (it would be weird if that were the case, given what we know), but for a cinematic universe still struggling with its identity and with films that feel like corrective responses to their predecessors, it's a question worth keeping an eye on given how widespread these criticisms have been. And given all the conversations we're currently having about politics in America, it's going to be a central talking point one way or another.
Wonder Woman hits theatres June 2nd, 2017. I hope it's the best movie ever.
Last month, a prospective WrestleMania card made its way onto the Internet. On one hand, it looked like a card that Vince McMahon — or the Internet's imagined maniacal version of him — might approve of. On the other hand, some aspects beggared belief: John Cena vs. Bray Wyatt? Daniel Bryan vs. Sheamus again? Even the parts that seemed plausible drew dismissive laughter: Brock Lesnar vs. the Undertaker felt like half-assed fantasy booking, and “Randy Orton vs. Batista in the main event” seemed like the punch line to a crack about WWE wrongheadedness.
But it was not. As the weeks have passed and the story has played out, the rumored card turned out to be correct. Cena will indeed be facing Wyatt, Orton will defend the WWE World Heavyweight Championship against Batista, and the Undertaker and Lesnar will have their clash of the part-time titans. Despite the crowd's vociferous support of CM Punk in the aftermath of his surprise departure, and of Daniel Bryan, the rumored card turned out to be mostly accurate. In fact, the only significant alteration to that card seems to have been made because of some combination of those two factors — Punk is gone from WWE, and Bryan will be stepping into Punk's slot against Triple H.
The stubbornness of that card, with all its perceived flaws, is embodied in the Orton-Batista match, a fight between two humdrum musclemen who are black holes of charisma and whose feud is a black hole of story-line momentum. If Daniel Bryan's ongoing underdog narrative is bolstered by the real-life narrative — that Bryan never stood a chance of becoming WWE's top dog — then Orton and Batista are feuding for the opposite reason: Regardless of what the script says, they're in the main event because Vince McMahon said so, and the symbolic outcome hardly matters. WWE's unwillingness to adjust the card after it became clear that Orton-Batista was a disaster waiting to happen has been so predictable that it feels even more maddening. When Batista won the Royal Rumble, securing his Mania spot, the crowd booed more lustily than they had at any of the night's villains, and Batista was supposed to be the good guy.
Yet it has been Bryan–Triple H — the one match that doesn't appear to have been part of the original WrestleMania XXX blueprint — that has drawn the biggest reaction from fans. On Monday's Raw, Bryan challenged Triple H. Backstage, when Bryan first suggested the bout, Triple H demurred, so Bryan issued a formal challenge in the ring after dispatching the WWE front-office minion Kane. Commentator Jerry “The King” Lawler, remarking on Triple Hseems uninterest in Bryan's WrestleMania positioning, said what wrestling fans have been saying for a long time: “If Bryan is the most popular superstar in this company, how can his being just somewhere on the card at WrestleMania be best for business?” Those last three words have been Triple H's catchphrase for months, the epitome of his cagey refusal to let Bryan achieve greatness.
The irony here was thick: Lawler, in his role as purveyor of mediocre one-liners, is almost as loathed by die-hard fans as Bryan is loved, so hearing the King take up Bryan's cause made the notion seem bizarrely distasteful. Moreover, Lawler's spiel was a clear sign that Bryan's insurrection was being coopted by the WWE mainstream. Just as WWE absorbed Punk's counterculture attitude, it's taking the “Yes Movement” — its term, not Bryan's — and putting the phrase on T-shirts and stickers and repeating it so much that it's starting to sound as repulsive as “best for business.” Turning your hero's cause into corporate shilling is a heel move.
There's something poignant about WWE acknowledging Bryan's real-life ascent by putting him in a major match against Triple H, who is, in real life, a big part of what I mean when I type “WWE.” In the eyes of Triple H and the WWE brain trust, Bryan being in this match is a signal that he has already won. But many fans hate the very notion that a match against Triple H is some glorious honor for Bryan. In his full-time wrestling career, Triple H was (sometimes unjustly) decried for “burying” his opponents — for using his backstage clout to win feuds that should have ended the opposite way. But regardless of what you think about those rumors, the more compelling argument here is that Triple H is part of the power structure fans believe has been overly reluctant to acknowledge Bryan's star status, that Triple H doesn't deserve Bryan because WWE has mishandled him so.
People are entitled to their opinions, but I think this is insane. Bryan's battle has always been with Triple H, not Randy Orton. Sure, the title is the ultimate goal, but Bryan's real existential nemesis is the status quo, embodied ever so sneeringly by Triple H. By teasing that story line out over the past half-year, WWE's decision-makers have boxed themselves into a corner: They've strung out the Bryan story arc so long that many fans won't be satisfied with anything short of a title win. They want their reward, which is to see Bryan get full-fledged star treatment. But the bigger problem with the Triple H match is, quite plainly, some fans' blind hatred of Trips. Hating Hunter has become a meme — it's a tenet of the Internet wrestling community. It's why things like this exist. People despise Triple H — or they ironically join in on such jokes, which amounts to the same thing.
WWE, of course, knows this. It's why Triple H has been such a compelling heel since SummerSlam — WWE has embraced the meme. It's constantly teasing us with Bryan being held back from the title. The most pessimistic fans may theorize that WWE held a board meeting and decided that Bryan will never be WWE champ, although it seems just as likely that WWE may be holding out for some point in the future to crown Bryan. Last month I compared Bryan to Dusty Rhodes, but if WWE was just replaying the Dusty–Four Horsemen feud, fans would be complaining that it's boring. If WWE has done one thing right, it's that it has worked Bryan's supporters into a frenzy. It might not lead anywhere, but it's not dull. The match in New Orleans might not be for the title, but it'll be the “glass ceiling match” that Bryan's past year has been building toward.
Bryan did his best to forestall the fans' negative reaction to a Triple H match by asking if they wanted to see him and the COO fight at Mania and then leading them in a “Yes!” chant. The fans, after all, can't resist the “Yes!” chant, and he tricked them into answering the question and cosigning the match. At the end of the day, it's a good move, because as much as they may gripe about Triple H in chat rooms — because of that, really — he's the best villain in wrestling today, and WWE knows fans will be at a fever pitch cheering for Bryan to win, because on some level they don't believe it's possible.
♦♦♦
So what is WWE thinking with the main event? WWE must know that both Orton and Batista are best as heels. Orton has found his stride over the past six months playing the embodiment of all that fans hate about the modern WWE. Batista's most beloved run was his last one before he left the company, as an egocentric villain who embraced the sunglasses and Eurotrash outfits that made him such a laughable person in real life. WWE knows Batista's current run as a hero is foundering; they had him allude to it on Monday, and the plans for Friday's Smackdown call for “the Animal to be unleashed” in an address to the fans. Presumably, this is when Batista will express his dissatisfaction with their boos. Whatever happens, Friday's development should be the most intriguing thing Batista has done since returning. We probably won't see something as dramatic as a full-fledged heel turn for Batista (insomuch as that's even possible), but by letting him speak, WWE is signaling that it's aware of the problem with Batista's uninspired comeback.
One other thing: Monday night, Batista came to the ring in a spotlight — like he did before he left WWE — for the first time since his return. Sometimes the company knows what it's doing. It must know that if the championship match stands as is, it could be the biggest train wreck in modern wrestling history. So WWE could be thinking:
Option 1: If WWE goes ahead with it, all the hard-core fans will be glued to their sets during WrestleMania XXX to see how loudly the crowd boos the match. It'll be a train wreck and we'll all be watching through our fingers to see the gore. Are we far enough into the postmodern wrestling era that hate-watching can be a thing? It's hard to imagine WWE pushing Orton-Batista through like this, especially with the carnage it would wreak on the wrestlers' careers, but I'm compelled by the thought.
Option 2: It sets up a stipulation whereby Bryan can win his way into the title match by beating Triple H. In some ways, this makes a lot of sense — Bryan vanquishes the status quo and moves right on to the main event. But as amazing as that would be, it's silly to treat a match as big as Bryan–Triple H as a stepping-stone. If that stipulation is made, everybody knows Bryan will beat Triple H. Hunter's supposed narcissism aside, he's too big a star to be a fait accompli on the biggest show of the year. And if Bryan makes it to the main event, you have to assume he's winning. As wonderfully redemptive as that would be for fans, there's nothing worse than a telegraphed ending. There's a way WWE can do this right: Batista stays nominally heroic and then turns on Bryan in the main event, winning the title and becoming the new face of the WWE with Triple H's help. But that's a tough tightrope to walk. If the crowd has spent too much time on Bourbon Street before the show, that ending could start a riot.
Option 3: CM Punk returns at the end of Raw next week in Chicago and inserts himself in the title match. I have absolutely zero intel on this, but ask yourself this: When was the last time any public figure managed to stay quiet on Twitter or elsewhere for this long? I'm not saying his departure was a work — it wasn't — but his continued silence is deafening. Seeing Punk sitting ringside at the UFC PPV last weekend, his eyes shadowed by his hoodie, he seemed more like a background clue in True Detective than a random sighting. But don't get your hopes up for a Punk return — not that they were up in the first place, or why else would I be writing this article? Just ask yourself this: How much money would Punk be worth to WWE in that match, and how much money would he need to say yes?
The answer to the former question should be clear from the “CM Punk!” chants that have boomed through arenas since his departure. If there have been three signposts of crowd reaction over the past month, they have been “Yes!” “CM Punk!” and “Boooo!” whenever Batista's in the ring. WWE is aware of this, and is certainly planning next Monday's Raw in Chicago betting on a full-scale crowd revolt. But will those plans affect the final WrestleMania product? That's the question. The crowd on Monday in Green Bay did a disservice to the cause, to be sure — they chanted random non sequiturs over good matches and generally became the worst version of any wrestling crowd ever, inserting irony into matches where it wasn't deserved, chanting just to hear their own voices.
That has been the problem with the rise in crowd participation over the last decade. WWE knows it has a live test market every night it puts on a show. But John Cena's “Cena sucks!” refrain proves chants should not always be taken literally — they can be general statements of dissatisfaction, or just something fun to scream. And even when “Cena sucks!” really means Cena sucks, that's not always a bad thing, and not necessarily a reason to change direction. Singing along to the Fandango entrance music may be a paean to an earlier era of simpler gimmicks, or it might be an arena-wide circle jerk. It's hard to blame WWE if it's still trying to process the relevance of the “Yes Movement.” But the T-shirts show that the company knows how potent Bryan's support is now – there's no way to deny that.
“I don't know how Triple H can ignore the WWE universe,” said announcer Michael Cole on Monday, underscoring the counterculture mainstreaming. “Everywhere we go, the Yes Movement is dominating. You can't keep it down.” It felt snide to be acknowledging Bryan fans in such a corporate way, especially when Bryan's fan base hates Cole even more than it despises Lawler. Those fans hate the announcers who are talking Bryan up, they hate the guy he's facing at WrestleMania — it's almost as if WWE is antagonizing us on purpose. Fans complain they're being mistreated, but what if we're just getting what we deserve?
Not to pull a swerve double-turn finish on you here, but what if we — the “smart” fans — are the heels? We're the ones flaunting our ironic intelligence and hogging the spotlight. We're the ones booing John Cena when he's supposed to get cheers. We're the ones illegally streaming pay-per-views instead of buying them. We're the ones raising our noses at the company that's brought us so much joy.
And in the main event at WrestleMania, the heels normally lose.
CVSROOT: /cvs Module name: src Changes by: patr...@cvs.openbsd.org 2016/12/17 16:38:33
Added files: sys/arch/arm64 : Makefile sys/arch/arm64/arm64: arm64_a4x_iobus.c arm64_iobus.c arm64_machdep.h arm64_mutex.c arm64var.h ast.c autoconf.c bus_dma.c conf.c copy.S copystr.S cpuswitch.S db_disasm.c db_interface.c db_trace.c disksubr.c exception.S genassym.cf intr.c locore.S machdep.c mem.c pmap.c process_machdep.c sig_machdep.c softintr.c support.S sys_machdep.c syscall.c trap.c vfp.c vm_machdep.c sys/arch/arm64/compile: Makefile Makefile.inc sys/arch/arm64/compile/GENERIC: Makefile sys/arch/arm64/compile/RAMDISK: Makefile sys/arch/arm64/conf: GENERIC Makefile.arm64 files.arm64 kern.ldscript sys/arch/arm64/dev: agtimer.c ampintc.c arm64_bus_space.c com_fdt.c mainbus.c mainbus.h pluart.c simplebus.c simplebusvar.h virtio_mmio.c sys/arch/arm64/include: _float.h _types.h apmvar.h armreg.h asm.h atomic.h bootconfig.h bus.h cdefs.h conf.h cpu.h db_machdep.h disklabel.h endian.h exec.h fdt.h fenv.h float.h frame.h hypervisor.h ieee.h ieeefp.h internal_types.h intr.h kcore.h limits.h loadfile_machdep.h lock.h machdep.h machine_reg.h mplock.h mutex.h param.h pcb.h pmap.h proc.h profile.h pte.h ptrace.h reg.h reloc.h setjmp.h signal.h softintr.h spinlock.h stdarg.h swi.h sysarch.h tcb.h trap.h vfp.h vmparam.h sys/arch/arm64/stand: Makefile sys/arch/arm64/stand/efiboot: Makefile conf.c disk.h efiboot.c efiboot.h eficall.h efidev.c efidev.h exec.c fdt.c fdt.h heap.h ldscript.arm64 libsa.h self_reloc.c start.S Log message: Import of OpenBSD/arm64 This commit contains all the kernel files related to the OpenBSD/arm64 port. It is based on the PowerPC pmap, loongson, arm/armv7 code and FreeBSD aarch64 code. Hard work done by Dale Rahn.
SSD (Solid State Drive) hard drives are faster, more reliable and much more efficient than normal hard drives (HDD). Very reliable and durable SSD hard drives are able to withstand knocks and shocks which makes them ideal for using in laptops. However they are now increasingly found in desktop models as they provide very quick start-up speeds and silent operation. Another big plus point is how easy they are to install into your computer case.
Return to top
There are two basic differences between the two types of drive is how they are made and how they store data. Unlike an HDD a SSD hard drive has no moving parts which means there is less chance of breakage.
And those moving parts are how an HDD stores and accesses its data whereas an SSD hard drive uses flash memory so it can store and access data much faster.
SSD drives are also much more efficient because the lack of moving parts means they need less power to work which, in turn, means a longer lasting battery in your laptop.
If you need more speed from your PC than a SSD drive will be ideal for you. And Solid State Drives are available from a large number of manufacturers including big names such as Samsung, Kingston and Sandisk. They come in a wide range of specifications with different capacities, interfaces and form factors.
Many SSD hard drives come in a 2.5 inch form factor which is ideal for laptops. For a desktop PC you will need a bay adapter though some other form factors are now available. Capacity wise there is a wide variety available though 256gb drive is a popular option.
Select your SSD hard drive and order today to take advantage of the great prices currently available on Ebuyer.com.
Imagine a rocket that works without fuel. You pump energy into it and away you go, but there's no thrust coming out the other side, no exhaust, no waste product and no consumable fuel. It's the ultimate defiance of Isaac Newton: claiming to have an action without an equal and opposite reaction. And yet, inventor of the EMdrive, Roger Shawyer, claims to do exactly that. Not only does he say that his device works, he claims that anyone can build one and verify it for themselves. At Eagleworks laboratory, NASA scientists attempted to do exactly that, and just published their findings in a peer-reviewed journal. The results? They verify that the EMdrive works as advertised.
If the EMdrive truly is a space engine that has an action with no reaction -- you pump power into it and get thrust with no discernible exhaust -- then this is the largest revolution in physics since Isaac Newton. Newton's three laws of motion have stood for hundreds of years:
An object at rest remains at rest and an object in motion remains in motion unless there's an outside force acting upon it. The force on an object equals the rate of change in its momentum over time. (F = ma for non-relativistic systems.) And for every action there's an equal and opposite reaction.
That third law is known as the conservation of momentum, and is true not only in Newtonian mechanics, but in electromagnetism, General Relativity and all quantum field theory. It's the one law that Newton came up with that still holds, with no exceptions, today.
But if the EMdrive is truly reactionless, then Newton is wrong. Also, Einstein is wrong, Maxwell is wrong and all of quantum physics is wrong. There's a fundamental symmetry that causes momentum conservation: translational symmetry. It means that if my system is over here, at a certain point in space, it should obey the same laws as if it's over there, at a different point in space. But if momentum conservation isn't truly fundamental, then translational symmetry cannot be a good symmetry of the Universe. In other words, there must be a preferred location, where the laws of physics are different in one location than others. The laws of physics, all of a sudden, depend on position.
It means that the fundamental principle of relativity is wrong. It means that if you're in an inertial reference frame, you can see an entire system's momentum change over time. Moreover, it means that observers in different reference frames will see violations of momentum conservation by different amounts. If you violate momentum conservation by different amounts, you violate energy conservation, too; energy is not only not conserved, it's not conserved by different amounts in different reference frames. The most sacred law of particle physics -- one that has been observed to apply to every system and every interaction set in history -- would be busted.
The problem isn't that these laws couldn't be overturned by experiment; of course they could. The problem is that physicists have performed so many experiments in so many different ways, so carefully and with such precision verifying them. These conservation laws have been confirmed for every gravitational, mechanical, electromagnetic and quantum interaction ever observed. And now, it's claimed that an engine, one that relies on nothing more than a simple electromagnetic power source, overthrows all physics. And the NASA Eagleworks test confirms, in a peer-reviewed paper, that thrust is produced with no discernible reaction for the action observed.
Now, there are some possibilities out there that can save the conservation of momentum. That can save the action/reaction laws. That can save physics as we know it. They include:
That there is exhaust that simply isn't being measured, including in the form of electromagnetic radiation. This would mean there is a reaction after all.
That there's an electromagnetic field generated as part of the setup, and the change in the momentum of the field balances exactly the change in momentum of the engine. Again, there would be a reaction.
Or the engineers who performed the test at NASA Eagleworks were incompetent, and either there is a reaction that they missed or the thrust observed isn't real.
The results are still for very small thrusts of under 100 microNewtons, with large input powers of dozens to hundreds of Watts. If you remember faster-than-light neutrinos, the BICEP2 results of gravitational waves from inflation, claims of cold fusion, perpetual motion or any other set of results that were later overturned with more and better data, you'll recall that this is far from a slam-dunk. The theoretical claims of how this could work range from easily disprovable to highly speculative, and they all have no evidence except this one engine to show for it.
The point isn't that physics is wrong, nor is the point that the Eagleworks team is wrong. The point is that this is the beginning stages of actual science being done to examine an effect. The most likely outcome is that momentum really is conserved and there's something funny going on here. For faster-than-light neutrinos, it was a loose cable. For the BICEP2 results, it was an incorrect calibration of galactic gas. For cold fusion, it was a poor experimental setup, and for perpetual motion, it was a scam. No matter what the outcome, there's something to be learned from further investigation. Whether it's new physics and a new type of engine results, or whether it's simpler than that and the effect's cause simply hasn't been determined yet, more and better experiments will be the ultimate arbiter. This is why we do the science in the first place.
Free Saturday sail at Cama Beach State Park on May 12
OLYMPIA – April 30, 2012 – The Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission and The Center for Wooden Boats invite the public to attend the 11th Annual Mother's Day Sail at Cama Beach State Park on Camano Island.
The event runs from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 12 at Cama Beach State Park, 1880 S.W. Camano Drive, Camano Island. Participants may ride historic vessels visiting the park for no cost. A powered livery boat will transport visitors from the shore of Cama Beach State Park to the vessels sailing in Saratoga Passage. Onshore activities also are offered, including wooden toy boat building with traditional hand tools, nautical-themed card marking, live music and interpretive programs by State Parks staff and Washington State University Beach Watchers volunteers. The Discover Pass is required for this event.
This year's visiting vessels include:
The Lavengro: Built in 1926, the Lavengro is a Biloxi-style schooner, similar to the shrimp and oyster schooner of Back Bay, Biloxi in the early 1900s.
The Joshua: A 37-foot replica of Joshua Slocum's Sprey, which he single-handedly sailed around the world.
The Admirable: The Center for Wooden Boat's own Bristol Bay Gillnetter. The Admirable is more than 100 years old and is the last known Bristol Bay gillnetter still in operation.
The Isswatt: A tug boat built in 1948. The Isswatt was originally a salmon troller, later to be used as a yard tug at the Johnson Yard in Ketchikan, Alaska.
The Patience: A Grand Banks dory originally constructed in Olympia.
Parking is limited at Cama Beach State Park. Carpooling is recommended. For more information, contact The Center for Wooden Boats at (360) 387-9361 orcama@cwb.org.
The event is sponsored by The Center for Wooden Boats. The center has two locations, one in Seattle and one in the historic boathouse of Cama Beach State Park. The Center for Wooden Boats supports events at Cama Beach State Park throughout the year, including the youth fishing derby on June 9, CamOcean World Oceans Day Festival on June 16 and Small Boat Saturday on Oct. 13. The center aims to provide a gathering place where maritime history comes alive through direct experience and where small-craft heritage is enjoyed, preserved and passed along to future generations.
The Cama Beach Café is playing host to a buffet-style Mother's Day brunch at the new Cama Center in Cama Beach State Park, May 13. The event features the café's new menu, including homemade soups and a traditional Scandinavian breakfast selection. Two seatings for the brunch are available at 10 a.m. and 12 p.m. Tickets are $25 for adults, $12 for children between 5 and 12 years old, and free for children 4 years and younger. Reservations are recommended. Parties of six or more are required to hold their reservation by credit card. A full menu of the bunch is available online at http://camabeachcafe.com/. For more information or to make a reservation, contact (360) 387-3266 or camabeachcafe@gmail.com. The Discover Pass is required for this event.
Cama Beach State Park is a 433-acre historic fishing resort with more than 6,000 feet of rocky beach. The park provides sweeping views of Saratoga Passage, Whidbey Island and the Olympic Mountain Range. The area now known as Cama Beach State Park was used for centuries by Native Americans for fishing and hunting. It was later developed into a fishing resort, popular with families for more than 50 years, before becoming a state park in 1994 through a combination of property donation and sale.
Stay connected to your state parks by following Washington State Parks at www.facebook.com/WashingtonStateParks, www.twitter.com/WaStatePks_NEWS andwww.youtube.com/WashingtonStateParks.
The Commission manages a diverse system of more than 100 state parks and recreation programs, including long-distance trails, boating safety and winter recreation. The 99-year-old park system will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2013.
Support state parks by purchasing your Discover Pass today, and enjoy a whole year of outdoor fun on Washington's beautiful state-managed recreation lands. For more information, visit www.discoverpass.wa.gov.
Published on Thu, May 3, 2012 byRead More County & State
(WARSAW) - Poland on Thursday warned against the eruption of a regional conflict in Crimea, after pro-Russian gunmen seized government buildings in the peninsula's capital of Simferopol.
"I warn those who have done this (seized buildings) and those who have facilitated it, that regional conflicts begin this way," Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski told reporters in Warsaw.
"This is a very dangerous game," added Sikorski, who along with his French and German counterparts, brokered a roadmap to end bloodshed on Friday in Kiev.
Sikorski's warning came as dozens of pro-Russian gunmen in combat fatigues took control of Ukrainian parliament and government buildings on the Crimea peninsula.
As a result, Ukraine told Russian troops from Moscow's Black Sea Fleet in Sevastapol to remain in their bases.
Sikorski had already warned on Wednesday that a break-up of Ukraine into a pro-Russian east and a pro-European west is an "imaginable catastrophe, but a highly undesirable one".
"The position on Ukraine's (territorial) integrity, towards the entire Ukrainian state, is the basic test for the credibility of each state, which is participating in these historic events," Poland's Prime Minister Donald Tusk also told reporters in Warsaw Thursday.
He was backed by Lithuania's Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius who, on Thursday, termed the events in Crimea a "provocation" as he arrived in Kiev to meet with the new government.
"The seizure of Crimea parliament and government buildings and the raising of Russian flags in principle is a provocation," the minister told AFP in a telephone interview from Kiev.
"The country whose flags were raised (Russia) must also react to it (...) This provocation must not sprawl into a regional conflict," he added.
An ex-Soviet EU and NATO member, Lithuania played a key role in efforts to seal an EU association pact with Ukraine during its stint as EU president last year.
Yanukovych rejected the agreement at the summit in Lithuanian capital Vilnius in November in favour of an aid deal with Russia, sparking the three months of protests which ultimately led to Yanukovych's ouster at the weekend.
Ex-communist Poland has also long been active in drawing ex-Soviet eastern neighbour Ukraine closer to the EU and NATO, and so further out of the orbit of its Soviet-era master Russia.
Most recently, the two countries co-hosted the Euro 2012 football championships.
Apple is certainly not the only company that relies on Asian contract manufacturers like Foxconn to make its products more cheaply and efficiently, despite the many criticisms labor groups have about working conditions there. And to its credit, Apple has taken steps to improve the situation. Apple has reportedly offered to foot some of the costs of improving contractors' plants. CEO Tim Cook even visited Foxconn earlier this year—something late cofounder Steve Jobs never did.
The reason Apple's partnership with Foxconn is so frustrating is because it goes so completely against its brand: the smooth integration of everything under one roof. Apple bills itself as an American company. The back of every product notes that it was "Designed by Apple in California." But Apple outsources the production overseas.
Likewise, Apple promotes itself as an environment-friendly company, but even Apple's own studies have found that manufacturing plants abroad don't discharge waste properly.
Either Apple needs to fix the problems with its production process, or it needs to stop sugarcoating the fact that it doesn't have that much control over how its designs get turned into gadgets.
A predictable response to the horrific massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, in which a gunman murdered 49 people and injured 53 others, mostly Latino, is to restrict gun ownership to police only.
But this response ignores the real relationship gay and ethnic minority populations have had with police. It's a history of violence, targeted specifically at queer and brown bodies.
When we discuss privilege in America, we rightly point out that straight, white, cisgendered, male Americans have the tremendous advantage of not being directly negatively impacted by institutional, systemic racism, sexism, transphobia and homophobia.
But what we don't discuss often enough is how American law enforcement privileges the lives of straight, white, cisgendered, male Americans over the lives of others.
Those who dream of a utopia in which only the police have guns must reckon with the reality that to disarm everyone but the police puts marginalized communities at the utter mercy of American police departments who have proven themselves to be more than happy to violate black and queer bodies, and court systems which have proven themselves unwilling to hold them accountable.
A history of racial violence
Despite what you've been taught, the fight for equality under the law for black Americans did not start with boycotts and marches. It started with black guys with guns.
Most Americans immediately connect Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks to the civil rights movement. You probably also know Emmett Till. But you may not know Dr. T. R. M. Howard.
Emmett Till was the third black male to be murdered in Mississippi in a three-month span 1955.
After trying to vote in Belzoni, Reverend George Lee was shot and killed at point blank range while driving. Weeks later Lamar Smith succeeded in casting his ballot in Brookhaven before he was shot and killed in broad daylight, before witnesses in front of the county courthouse.
Police made no arrests in connection to either murder. Witnesses rightly feared for their lives and did not come forward to testify.
Then on August 28, 1955 three men kidnapped 14-year-old Emmett Till at gunpoint around 2 a.m. They put Till in the bed of a pickup truck and drove him to various places to pistol whip him and decide what to do. Finally they shot him dead. Before dumping his body, the murderers showed his mutilated corpse to a black man saying, "That's what happens to smart niggers."
Till's crime wasn't voting, but whistling. A habit he picked up to alleviate his stuttering, a few white men thought it was directed at a white girl.
Till's mother, Mamie Till Bradley, insisted on an open-casket viewing of Till's mutilated body and tens of thousands of people showed up to see it. Till's murder and the sight of his body enraged and activated civil rights leaders at the state and national levels of the NAACP. But everyone still feared for their lives too much to come forward and testify.
That's when wealthy physician and civil rights leader Dr. T. R. M. Howard came forward. Howard used his considerable wealth to hire armed bodyguards to protect himself, his family, and anyone else willing to come forward to testify against Till's murderers.
These witnesses made the trial possible, and the trial was "The first great media event of the civil rights movement," according to the New York Times.
While Till's murderers were acquitted, the tide had turned. Armed black people were no longer either afraid to stand up about injustice. Howard made sure Mose Wright, the first man to ever testify against a white man in court and live, was able to escape to Chicago after the trial.
Two months after Till's murder, Montgomery civil rights activists held a meeting to discuss Till's case and other recent murders of civil right activists. Rosa Parks attended this meeting, and then one month later she refused to give up her seat to a white passenger on a Montgomery city bus.
Police violence against queer Americans
The story of the struggle for gay rights has been similarly sanitized.
Black Americans in the south could not rely on law enforcement for help. In the leadup to the Till trial, Tallahatchie County Sheriff Clarence Strider told the media he believed Till's body was not Till's but was a decoy planted by the NAACP. He confined two witnesses to jail to prevent them from testifying. And during the trial he said to black spectators coming back from lunch, "Hello, Niggers!”
The relationship between queer Americans and law enforcement is even worse.
Those who posit gun control for the purpose of protecting gays in the wake of the Orlando massacre benefit from tremendous privilege.
Rampant homophobia and transphobia in the 1960's meant out queers were unwelcome in most bars and restaurants. That made the places they were allowed extremely important. But it also made them a target for police raids. States adopted anti-sodomy legislation for the purpose of giving police a pretext for mass arrests of queers. By 1960, every state had an anti-sodomy law.
In New York, the gay bars were mostly controlled by organized crime who paid off police to prevent frequent raids. Yet the raids were still pretty frequent, happening once per month for each bar on average. San Francisco gays had it no better. When police showed up to Compton's Cafeteria to arrest men dressed as women in 1966. This time, the patrons rioted, slinging cups and plates and breaking the plexiglass windows.
When police conducted an unannounced raid at the Stonewall Inn, a mafia-owned gay bar in Greenwich Village, patrons and supporters rioted violently for days. This inspired organized meeting and marches for gay rights. Before two years had passed after the Stonewall riots every major American city had a gay rights group.
The disturbing reality
It would be lovely if equality under the law were a reality in America today. But you only have to look as far as the murders of Freddie Gray or Eric Garner to see that we are not there yet.
Here's what the Baltimore Police Department tweeted after one of their officers was acquitted in the death of Freddie Gray.
They raised a toast to the fact that the officer who decided not to put a seatbelt on the handcuffed Freddie Gray and drove him around the city, every twist and turn throwing his body against the metal walls, whose actions are directly responsible for his untimely, violent death, would face no criminal penalties.
Gun control puts marginalized Americans at the utter mercy of a police force that has perpetrated thousands of violent raids of gay nightclubs, yet could do absolutely nothing to stop the massacre in Orlando. Gays need guns, not only to protect themselves from cops, but also to protect themselves from being targeted by civilians like the Orlando shooter and the homophobes who threatened Tom Palmer.
The people who posit gun control for the purpose of protecting gays in the wake of the Orlando massacre benefit from tremendous privilege. They get to live in ignorance of the role police have played in hurting gay Americans, and in ignorance of the role guns have played in fomenting the movement for civil rights. And in particular, white, straight pro-gun control liberals can safely advocate for disarming the marginalized while they enjoy the privilege of not being heavily targeted by violent bigots, including cops.
Perhaps it's within the realm of possibility that disarming people will protect the marginalized. But only if we disarm the police.
At a town hall on March 30, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that if abortion is outlawed, then women who still have abortions should face “some form of punishment”, though he did not elaborate upon what that might be. Outcry from both anti-abortion and pro-abortion activists led him to walk back his statement, saying,
“If Congress were to pass legislation making abortion illegal and the federal courts upheld this legislation, or any state were permitted to ban abortion under state and federal law, the doctor or any other person performing this illegal act upon a woman would be held legally responsible, not the woman. The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb. My position has not changed — like Ronald Reagan, I am pro-life with exceptions.”
But is there a form of punishment for the woman that is compatible with libertarian principles? Let us examine this from both a criminal and a civil perspective.
The act of abortion involves removing a fetus from a woman's uterus and killing it. The reason that most people have difficulty in figuring out the morality of this is that it weighs fundamental rights against each other: the woman's right to liberty and property in her body versus the fetus' right to liberty and property in its body. But before the point at which the fetus is viable outside the uterus, the only way the fetus can keep itself alive is to rely upon the woman for sustenance. The rights to liberty and property cannot be exercised without exercising the right to life, and that which is dependent cannot supersede that upon which it is dependent. Thus, the fetus' right to life overrules the woman's rights to liberty and property. Therefore, the logical position is to be pro-life until the fetus is viable. After the fetus is viable, the woman may choose to evict it but not to kill it.
Of course, there are some special cases where this calculus is altered and an abortion is clearly justifiable. If a woman's life is in imminent danger and the fetus is not yet viable, then there may be a choice between aborting a fetus to save the mother and letting both die. In such a case, the fetus is out of luck and the abortion should proceed to preserve what life can be preserved. A birth defect or other illness which causes the fetus not to have the potential to become a sentient being (e.g. anencephaly) also legitimizes an abortion, as carrying the pregnancy to term will accomplish nothing and fail to produce a being with self-ownership. But aside from these circumstances, a fertilized egg which implants into the uterus has the potential to become a sentient being. (Implantation is a better starting point for when life begins than conception because at least half of fertilized eggs do not implant in the uterus, but instead leave the uterus as menstruation does.)
When none of the above special cases apply, killing a fetus is unjustifiable. Therefore, stopping someone from killing a fetus is justifiable, as is applying some sanction to someone who has killed a fetus. If an abortion is performed against the woman's wishes, then the performer is clearly a criminal against both the mother's body and the fetus' life. But if an abortion is performed at the woman's request, then she bears some vicarious responsibility for hiring the abortion provider to act as her agent. But how may someone be stopped from killing a fetus? To whom are the people complicit in the abortion responsible? What kind of criminal sanction or civil restitution is just? These are not easy questions, but let us attempt to answer them.
Using force to protect a fetus from being aborted must be done carefully; otherwise, such an effort may cause the very problem it is intended to prevent, as well as aggress against innocent bystanders. Such an effort would have to be directed solely against those who perform abortions and never against the women receiving abortions. This will probably always be difficult, if not impossible, so let us consider the matters of responsibility and restitution once an abortion is performed.
In all cases where killing a fetus is unjustifiable, the criminal liability for destroying a potential sentient being is upon the abortion provider. While there is some vicarious responsibility on the person who hires the abortion provider (usually the mother), the general rule is that there is no vicarious liability in criminal law. This is because a crime is composed of both an actus reus and a mens rea, and the mother has the latter but not the former. As such, the mother's responsibility is best handled civilly.
The responsibility for restitution depends upon what was negotiated between the mother and father of the fetus. The default condition, which should apply when no other explicit agreement was made between the couple, is that agreeing to engage in an act which may result in pregnancy creates an obligation to be responsible for the new potential sentient being which may be created. One may assert a preference that a pregnancy not occur, and one may act upon that preference by using contraceptive measures, but the only guaranteed method of contraception is abstinence. If an abortion is performed, then the responsibility for the new potential sentient being has been shirked, and its heirs, if any, are due restitution. A fetus has only its parents for heirs, and restitution for an act of aggression cannot be due to a person who is complicit in the act. Thus, the restitution must be due to the father of the fetus, and only in a case where he did not consent to the abortion, as this would make him just as culpable as the mother. If the couple did make an explicit agreement to terminate any pregnancy resulting from their sexual activity, then there is an injustice against the fetus, but no restitution for it because there is no one who can receive said restitution.
Finally, let us discuss what sort of restitution may be appropriate. If a mother aborts a fetus against the father's wishes, then he is deprived of offspring that he would otherwise enjoy. But to compel specific performance in terms of forcing the woman to bear the aborted fetus' father a child would legitimize both rape and slavery. This makes specific performance inappropriate in the circumstances of the case. While damages cannot adequately compensate a father for the deprivation of offspring, a monetary judgment would have to suffice, in an amount which is best determined by specialists in such cases.
Support The Zeroth Position on Patreon!
Like this: Like Loading...
Technology remains a heavily male-dominated area, even after decades of extensive efforts to promote female participation. But women can and should have more recognition and representativeness.
Known as one of today's key technological hubs, Silicon Valley also stands out for the hardships faced by the women who work there.
Unfortunately, what we see today is still a reflection of the past.
Who are they?
The trajectory of women in the technological area dates back to the 1840s, when Augusta Ada King, Countess of Lovelace, created the first algorithm in the History of computing. For that reason, she is recurrently cited as the first programmer. In her honor, the British Computer Society awards the Lovelace Medal to researchers who have contributed significantly to advances in Information Systems.
Another important figure is Mary Kenneth Keller, a nun graduated from the University of Washington, USA. She is considered the first woman in History to earn a doctorate in Computer Science. In addition, it's believed that Keller played a key role in the creation of the BASIC programming language, used for decades for didactic purposes.
There is also Grace Hooper, who invented the first compiler for a programming language. She was one of the first programmers of the Harvard Mark I computer, in 1944, and popularized the idea of machine-independent programming language. That leaded to the development of COBOL, one of the first programming languages to approach human language.
In some cases, the challenge was even greater. Mary Winston Jackson was the first black female engineer on NASA. But the stumbling blocks on her career were constant. To apply, despite her diplomas and experience, she should have a postgraduate degree from the University of Virginia, which did not accept black students. After winning segregation in the courts and gaining the right to study, in 1958, Mary was able to fulfill her dream. Her story is told in the movie ‘Hidden Figures'.
Carol Shaw and Susan Kare have revolutionized the area of games in the 1980s. Born in the USA, Carol is known as the first female designer of games. She worked for Atari, on the Atari Basic Reference Manual, and Activision, creating their most famous game, the River Raid. Susan is known for creating the graphical interface for the first Macintosh operating system, the 128k, released in 1984. She also designed the first proportionally spaced source for the digital medium in order to be as readable as the letters on the pages of a book. Susan currently works at Pinterest.
There are also two Brazilian women who are very important to the current technological area. They are Claudia Maria Bauzer Medeiros and Juliana Freitag Borin. Claudia has a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Waterloo, Canada, and was president of the Brazilian Computer Society from 2004 to 2007. She is currently a professor at UNICAMP, where she founded the Laboratory of Information Systems (LIS). She has several international acknowledgments for her researches and for encouraging the participation of women in the IT area. Juliana is a Ph.D. in Computer Science, currently working as a writer for SBC Horizontes and as a professor at UNICAMP since 2012. She mainly studies wireless communication and Internet of Things. She also coordinates the Android Smart Girls project, an initiative that aims to stimulate women to join the exact sciences, engineering and computing.
Juliana Freitag Borin
The numbers
Currently, only 5% of the members of the National Academies in Science and Technology disciplines are women. There are other similar statistics: only 6% of Information, Communications and Technology (ICT) regulators and ministers and of the top 100 Tech CEOs are women, the same way that only 9% of apps in Europe are created by women.
The truth is that the technology market is even more restrictive to women than companies in other sectors. In Brazil, only 10% of the engineers at Belo Horizonte Engineering Center are women. In Silicon Valley, only 10% of the companies have at least one female director. In Google, 30% of employees are women. If we take into account the Engineering Division, the number gets even lower: 17%. The same unequal relationship between men and women happens on Facebook (31% are women), Apple (30%) and Twitter (30%).
In 2017, only 17% of startups have a female founder
According to Gené Teare, Director of Content at CrunchBase, from 2009 to 2012, the percent of venture-funded companies with women founders increased by nearly 8%. However, the percentage of women-founded venture-backed companies has plateaued at approximately 17% since 2012.
And as we look at Q1 2017 data, that percent doesn't appear to have changed.
This may happen because only 7% of venture capital goes to women-owned businesses, and of those venture capitalists investing in startups, only 4.2% are women.
Susan Lyne, co-founder of BBG Ventures, confirms that “the biggest issue is not the number of women starting companies, but the access to capital as you move up the food chain”.
It's time for a change
For the first time since Berkeley started digitizing enrollment records in 1993, there are more women than men in an undergraduate introductory computer science course: 106 women, 104 men.
In addition to that, the number of Harvard sophomore women who are declaring their major as Computer Science has also increased over the years.
Lakshmi Puri, UN Women Deputy Executive Director, defends that “we must ensure that women's participation in innovation is not the exception, but becomes the norm”. She also believes that the role of women in innovation must be given far greater attention and investment than at present.
In her speech, at the official UN commemoration of the International Day of Women and Girls in Science (on February 11, 2017), Lakshmi said that “women's Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) participation is seen as a key contributor to filling the larger STEM human resource deficit”.
In order to change this, she ponders a few initiatives:
Gender-responsive national level policies (STEM, Economic Development, Innovation Systems);
Issues of affordability and control over technology resources;
Removal of discriminatory laws that restrict women's access to resources;
Education and skill development with special emphasis on STEM;
Financial education, inclusion and investment;
Elimination of negative and pervasive stereotypes and discriminatory social and legal norms. These are particularly pronounced around gender and STEM;
Changed workplace culture;
Promotion of women in leadership positions in STEM sectors (e.g. in research and development (R&D) positions).
It's also important to emphasize that female CEOs are leading the push for inclusive leadership, creating companies where all staff can thrive and drive innovation. For that reason, we must engage more women in startups, creating a pipeline of future female CEOs, that takes gender equality forwards, not backwards.
Through another perspective, Sahil Raina, assistant professor of Finances at Alberta School of Business, considers that “if the goal is to have more successful technology startups led by women, it may not be enough to simply encourage more women to start companies”. That means that an important step to help more female entrepreneurs succeed may be to encourage more women to join venture capital firms.
Berkeley police on Thursday released surveillance video of an assault and attempted robbery last week at a Chevron gas station, and they are asking for the public's help in identifying the suspect. (Published Thursday, Dec. 28, 2017)
Berkeley police on Thursday released surveillance video of an assault and attempted robbery last week at a Chevron gas station, and they are asking for the public's help in identifying the suspect.
Just before 8 p.m. Dec. 21, Berkeley officers responded to an assault and attempted robbery at a Chevron station at 1300 San Pablo Ave. The clerk said the suspect jumped over the counter and began assaulting him, police said.
The victim suffered a bloody nose and lips and was transported to a local hospital to be treated for his injuries, police said.
Officers searched the area but were unable to locate the suspect, police said.
Police released security camera footage of the assault and are asking for the public's help in identifying the suspect. The footage shows the suspect jumping the front counter, assaulting the victim and attempting to open the cash register.
The suspect then exited the store and fled westbound on Gilman Street, police said.
The suspect is described as a black man, about 5 feet, 9 inches tall, weighing 160-170 pounds and wearing a black beanie, white hoodie, black jeans and white shoes.
Anyone with information should notify Robbery Detective Joe LeDoux at 510-981-5742 or jledoux@cityofberkeley.info.
The seven Independent Commissioners of the Australian Rugby League have pledged their unanimous and resolute support for Chairman John Grant.
The Commissioners said the clubs were within their rights to call a General Meeting to test support for the Chairman.
The ARL Commission will hold a General Meeting on 20 December 2016 to put the resolution to all members.
"But it is highly disappointing that they have taken this course of action given John's unwavering commitment to the game over the last five years," the Commissioners said.
"John's appointment as inaugural Chair recognised his qualities as a successful businessman, who as a former Kangaroo, was ideally suited to take the game forward. He has since undertaken his role without bias and with the best interests of the game as his priority at all times.
"The Commission has an obligation to do what is right for the whole of game, not only for the elite game but also for grassroots, the women's game, participation and our digital future – and that is what we have sought to achieve.
"We unanimously and resolutely support John and believe it is in the best interests of the game for him to remain as Chair."
The Commissioners said the only way of reaching agreement on club funding was for all parties to reconvene and work out a solution.
"We would urge the clubs to accept our invitation to engage in open dialogue at the earliest opportunity," they said.
FBI Director James Comey is set to testify Monday before a House committee investigating Russian activities during the 2016 presidential election, amid expectations he'll provide long-awaited answers and evidence on that issue and whether President Trump was indeed wiretapped.
The Justice Department on Friday gave the House intelligence committee requested information about Trump's claim of being wiretapped during the presidential election.
However, California Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, the committee chairman, won't say what was received.
Nunes told “Fox News Sunday” that he still has no evidence that Trump Tower was wiretapped by the Obama administration.
“The president doesn't go and physically wiretap something,” he said. “But the other issue out there is the unmasking of names, the leaking of names. That happened to [former National Security Adviser] Michael Flynn. The concern we have is: Are there any other surveillance activities in the unmasking of names?”
Comey has made little public comment on the issue, which has resulted in congressional lawmakers accusing him of stonewalling them.
His testimony will be made in conjunction with the committee's investigation into the Russian involvement.
National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers also is set to testify.
The Senate intelligence committee and the FBI also are probing Russian involvement in the election.
The U.S. intelligence community has already concluded Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential race -- in which computer emails from the Democratic National Committee and related to the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton were stolen and made public.
Nunes says the committee still had not received information it requested from the FBI and CIA about whether information collected on U.S. persons was mishandled and leaked to the public.
He said the National Security Agency had provided some information and expects to fully meet the committee's request by the end of next week.
Nunes also said Sunday about the hearing: “For the first time, the American people and all political parties are finally paying attention to the threat that Russian poses.”
The ranking Democrat on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, declined to comment Friday evening.
The leaders of the House intelligence committee wrote the three agencies earlier this week, asking for details about Americans who surfaced in intelligence collections between June 2016 and January. The committee wanted to know how many conversations involving a U.S. person were swept up, whether their identities were unmasked and whether legal requirements for disseminating their identities were followed.
Identities of Americans who show up in U.S. surveillance against foreign targets are generally concealed, but can be unmasked by intelligence agencies in certain circumstances. Those include situations when the communications contain information that a crime has been or is about to be committed; when the Americans' identity is necessary to understand the importance of the foreign intelligence collected; or when the communication provides information that an American may be an agent of a foreign power.
And last week, the Senate intelligence committee announced a March 30 hearing in connection to its investigation into Russian activities during last year's presidential election. A first panel of witnesses will examine the history of Russian influence campaigns and a second panel will address how Russia uses cyber operations to support the activities.
Former intelligence officials and others from business and academia are scheduled to testify.
The committee earlier held an open hearing in January on the Russian activities in the 2016 election.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
GETTY The decision by the country's constitutional court removes a key legal provision
The decision by the country's constitutional court removes a legal provision that all sexual acts against children under the age of 15 are "sexual abuse". Children aged 12, 13 and 14 will no longer receive automatic protection as a minor, according to the ruling, but will be expected to offer or decline consent in sexual activity. Experts say this is a green light for sex with "consenting" minors as young as 12.
Women's rights activists have also voiced concern it would lead to cases of child abuses going unpunished. However, supporters of the new ruling, which was made following an application by a local court, will lead to tougher sentences for child abusers. The new legal status, which will be enforced from January next year is based on the court's judgement that a 15-year old's mental capacity is similar to that of a 12-year-old.
Safe travel destinations for Brits Sun, August 7, 2016 The recent string of horrific terror attacks has left everyone worried about their own safety. And many people have already cancelled holidays to destinations like Turkey and Spain, following recent atrocities. Here are the safest destinations. Play slideshow Getty Images/LOOK 1 of 10 Switzerland - The FCO has also listed the European country as having a low threat from terrorism. British nationals made 711,595 visits to Switzerland in 2014. Most visits were recorded as trouble-free.
The beauty of travel is that every experience is different. Individuals click with one place and not another, whilst places make some people happy and others sad. This new series on Wanderarti, Artistic Representations of the World, aims to bring you creative works of the same place, all of which are legions apart in style. I love seeing how other people view the world, and I think art is a great way of doing this. I have already brought you artistic representations of London's famous skyline but today, because it's Valentine's day next week, I'm bringing you some fantastic pieces representing the City of Love, Paris. Enjoy!
Stephen Gardner
Susan Homan
Zuoshan Liu
James Richards
Erin Hill
Hagakure Ishimoto
Kal Gajoum
Lisa Lorenz
Kosta Hakman
Leonid Afremov
Sara Wasserboehr
Michael Zarowsky
Claire Caulfield
Lilia Balasanova and Sergei Kolevatykh
I'll be featuring some of these artists more on the site in the not too distant future. But, for now, tell me which is your favourite? Have I missed out another fantastic artwork of Paris? Let me know!
Remember to follow Wanderarti on Google Plus for daily doses of visual vagabonding.
SAN FRANCISCO — Data centers are the central point of many, if not most, information systems today, but the masses of wires interconnecting the servers and piled high on racks begins to resemble last year's tangled Christmas-tree lights disaster. Now a team of engineers is proposing to eliminate most of the wires and substitute infrared free-space optics for communications.
"We and others tried radio frequency signaling, but the beams become wide over short distances," said Mohsen Kavehrad, W. L. Weiss Chair Professor of Electrical Engineering, Penn State. "The buildings could be a mile long and every rack should be able to communicate."
In an experiment conducted by Microsoft engineers, researchers found that radio-frequency signaling resulted in high interference, limited active links and limited throughput — the amount of data that can go through a system.
"We use a free space optical link," Kavehrad told attendees today (Jan. 31) at Photonics West 2017 in San Francisco. "It uses a very inexpensive lens, we get a very narrow infrared beam with zero interference and no limit to the number of connections with high throughput."
Image Microelectromechanical device with micro mirror mounted in system to direct infrared laser light to the receiver. IMAGE: Patrick Mansell / Penn State
The Free-space optical Inter-Rack nEtwork with high FLexibilitY — or Firefly — architecture is a joint project of Penn State, Stony Brook University and Carnegie Mellon University. It would use infrared lasers and receivers mounted on top of data center racks to transmit information. The laser modules are rapidly reconfigurable to acquire a target on any rack. Human interference is minimal because the racks are more than 6.5 feet high so most workers can walk between the rows of racks without breaking the laser beams.
According to Kavehrad, data centers may house 400,000 servers on racks filling a mile-long room. Data centers typically build for peak traffic, which means that most of the time about 30 percent of servers are offline. However, because they are still on, they continue to create heat and need cooling. Kavehrad estimates that by 2020, data centers will use a total of 140 billion kilowatts of electricity per hour, or the equivalent of $13 billion worth of electricity at today's rate — the output of 50 power plants.
While fiber-optic cabling and energy expenditure for idle servers are problems, throughput is more critical. When hundreds of cables merge into a few, data transfer bottlenecks form that reduce the speed at which the data center can deliver information. A flexible, configurable system can reduce bottlenecks and even the number of servers needed.
Image The receiver captures the infrared signal and directs it to the fiber-optic cable which sends the information to its final destination. IMAGE: Patrick Mansell / Penn State
The researchers have designed the Firefly architecture, but it is not yet implemented. They have created a simplified, proof-of-concept system to show that their infrared laser can carry the signal and target the receiver. They are transmitting wavelength division multiplexed — multiple signals sent by different colored lights — bi-directional data streams each carrying data at a transmission rate of 10 Gigabits per second from a Bit Error Rate (BER) test set. BER testing determines the number of errors in a signal caused by interference, noise, distortion or sychronization problems.
The proof of concept setup has the bidirectional signal wavelength division multiplexed with a one-way cable television signal. The total data stream goes from fiber-optic cable to the infrared laser, across the room to the receiver and shows the results on a TV and the BER test set. A hand breaking the laser beam shuts off the system, but when the hand is removed, the signal is rapidly reacquired.
The system uses MEMs — microelectromechanical systems — with tiny mirrors for rapid targeting and reconfiguring, Kavehrad said. These MEMs use tiny amounts of electricity from four directions to reposition the mirror that targets the receiver. The movement of the mirrors is so small it is undetectable, but the computer program quickly locates the receiver and then narrows the target to pinpoint accuracy. The laser beam can also be rapidly moved to target a different receiver.
Accurately targeting and sending a signal via infrared laser are only two of the hurdles the researchers need to pass before Firefly is operational. Once the signal arrives at the target it must seamlessly enter the fiber-optic cable. Controlling and managing the data distribution system in an unwired environment is also important.
"We are trying to come up with something reconfigurable using light instead of millimeter waves (radio frequency)," said Kavehrad. "We need to avoid overprovisioning and supply sufficient capacity to do the interconnect with minimal switches. We would like to get rid of the fiber optics altogether."
Also working on this project were Sami R. Das, professor of computer science and Himanshu Gupta, associate professor of computer science and Jon Longtin, professor of mechanical engineering, Stony Brook University; and Vyas Sekar, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, Carnegie Mellon University.
The National Science Foundation supported this project.
West Australian government MPs are being pressured by the Chinese consulate to avoid the Dalai Lama on his visit to Perth next month.
Premier Colin Barnett has already turned down an invitation to meet with the Buddhists spiritual leader.
The Dalai Lama will speak about `Spirituality in the Modern World' at a conference in Perth in June as well as meeting with Australian Greens senator Scott Ludlam and federal Labor backbencher Melissa Parke.
The former head of Tibetan government in exile has long advocated against China's occupation of Tibet and sought autonomy for his people.
Although Mr Barnett was invited by organisers of the Dalai Lama's visit to meet with the Nobel Peace Prize winner, a spokeswoman for the premier said he had no plans to meet with him.
Over the last couple of weeks, we published our annual season preview series by going position by position around the league. If you missed any of the posts, they can be accessed by that helpful widget up above. Today, we're also going to summarize the results of the series. Let's start by diving right into the results of the ordinal ranks, which we'll break into three tables for easier digestion. Infield first!
2017 Infield Positional Power Rankings Rank C 1B 2B SS 3B 1 Giants Cubs Astros Astros Blue Jays 2 Rangers Diamondbacks Mariners Indians Orioles 3 Dodgers Reds Twins Dodgers Cubs 4 Yankees Tigers Red Sox Nationals Rockies 5 Astros Braves Indians Cubs Mariners 6 Athletics Giants Tigers Giants Rangers 7 Cubs Indians Cubs Red Sox Dodgers 8 Blue Jays Cardinals Nationals Angels Nationals 9 Cardinals Orioles Giants Blue Jays Rays 10 Royals Padres Dodgers Cardinals Astros 11 Mariners Mets Blue Jays Rockies Pirates 12 Marlins White Sox Mets Mariners Indians 13 Pirates Yankees Rangers Athletics Royals 14 Tigers Dodgers Cardinals Yankees White Sox 15 Indians Astros Rays Reds Phillies 16 Red Sox Brewers Orioles Braves Twins 17 Nationals Royals Padres Tigers Yankees 18 Mets Twins Rockies Rangers Marlins 19 Orioles Angels Pirates Rays Padres 20 Padres Rangers Marlins White Sox Cardinals 21 Twins Red Sox Yankees Pirates Giants 22 Reds Blue Jays Phillies Twins Diamondbacks 23 Angels Marlins Reds Mets Athletics 24 Rays Athletics White Sox Phillies Reds 25 Brewers Mariners Athletics Orioles Angels 26 Phillies Phillies Braves Brewers Brewers 27 White Sox Rockies Brewers Royals Mets 28 Braves Pirates Angels Diamondbacks Tigers 29 Diamondbacks Rays Diamondbacks Marlins Red Sox 30 Rockies Nationals Royals Padres Braves
There's a reason we use projected value and not just average ranking by position when talking about a team's strength, since the margins between ranks can be deceptive. But this also gives you a decent idea of the amount of balance a team has across positions, and right away, it's hard not to notice the Astros. Not only are they at the top of both middle-infield lists, but they're No. 5 on the catcher list, No. 10 on the third-base list, and No. 15 on the first-base list.
Houston projects to get average or better production at every infield spot, something that can also only be claimed by the Cubs, Dodgers, and Indians, three of the very best teams in baseball. The Giants are close to joining that group, with only third base falling a little bit short, and the Blue Jays would be in this mix if they had a real first baseman.
On the other end of the spectrum, there's the Phillies, who only rank in the top half of the infield spots at third base, where they appear at 15th. They ranked 26th at catcher and first base, 22nd at second base, and 24th at shortstop. Among other reasons, this is why the Phillies aren't going to win this year.
2017 Outfield Positional Power Rankings Rank LF CF RF DH 1 Mets Angels Red Sox Indians 2 Tigers Rays Nationals Mariners 3 Indians Pirates Marlins Yankees 4 Cubs Marlins Pirates Blue Jays 5 Royals Astros Astros Orioles 6 Pirates Dodgers Dodgers Red Sox 7 Red Sox Diamondbacks Blue Jays Angels 8 Orioles Red Sox Cubs Rangers 9 Brewers Royals Angels Astros 10 Athletics Blue Jays Giants Twins 11 Yankees Phillies Tigers Athletics 12 Marlins Nationals Cardinals Tigers 13 Rays Twins Twins Rays 14 Cardinals Rangers Rockies Royals 15 Mariners Cardinals Rangers White Sox 16 Reds Braves Mariners 17 Dodgers Mets Yankees 18 Padres Orioles Indians 19 Giants Mariners Rays 20 Rockies Reds Diamondbacks 21 White Sox Rockies Reds 22 Phillies Yankees Athletics 23 Astros Indians Phillies 24 Twins Giants Orioles 25 Blue Jays Brewers Mets 26 Angels Padres Royals 27 Rangers Athletics Brewers 28 Nationals Cubs Braves 29 Braves Tigers Padres 30 Diamondbacks White Sox
There's no better reminder of why you shouldn't just average ordinal rankings than the fact that the Angels have the best outfield in baseball, even though they rank 26-1-9 from left to right. But because Mike Trout is so much better than every other center fielder, and because left field is a barren wasteland, having Trout and any random Triple-A player would be better than having the next-best center fielder and the best left fielder. And the Angels have someone better than a random Triple-A player in left, if only slightly so.
But if you wanted the most balanced strong outfield, you'd probably take the Marlins. They rank 12th in left, fourth in center, and third in right, the only team with above-average ranks at all three spots. That strength across the board grades them out as the second-best outfield in baseball by projected value, and the best among teams who don't have an alien unfairly patrolling center field.
This table isn't as fun for White Sox fans, who ranked 21st in left, 30th in center, 30th in right, and then 15th out of 15 at DH. And Rick Hahn has basically admitted that they'll trade Melky Cabrera — the guy keeping them out of last in left — the first time anyone makes him an offer they like. So, yeah, the worst outfield in baseball might actually be even worse than this makes it seem.
2017 Pitching Power Rankings Rank SP RP 1 Dodgers Dodgers 2 Mets Indians 3 Nationals Yankees 4 Indians Cubs 5 Red Sox Cardinals 6 Cubs Astros 7 Giants Orioles 8 Astros Mariners 9 Rays Mets 10 Cardinals Nationals 11 Tigers Rockies 12 Pirates Red Sox 13 Yankees Rangers 14 Phillies Athletics 15 Mariners White Sox 16 Blue Jays 17 Angels Marlins 18 Diamondbacks Padres 19 Rangers Giants 20 Athletics Pirates 21 Orioles Rays 22 White Sox Brewers 23 Royals Phillies 24 Rockies Angels 25 Brewers Reds 26 Twins Tigers 27 Braves Royals 28 Marlins Twins 29 Padres Braves 30 Reds Diamondbacks
This one's easier to read, since there are only two columns. The Dodgers ranked at the top in both starting and relief pitching, so, yeah, this is a good pitching staff. The Mets, Nationals, Cubs, Cardinals, and the Astros also have top-10 rankings in both spots, as teams that have good pitching tend to be strong in both areas. Or, maybe more accurately, teams that want to win don't let themselves go into the year with a bad rotation or bullpen, because neglecting either is a great way to miss the postseason.
Neglecting both is how you get to be the Reds (#30 SP, #25 RP) or the Twins (#26 SP, #28 RP), who both are in rebuilding mode despite some interesting position players because they're expected to give up a lot of runs this year. And if you wonder why our forecasts aren't that high on the Royals, look no further than their pitching (#23 SP, #27 RP) ranks. While they've been carried by a great bullpen in recent years, our forecasts aren't particularly sanguine about this group of relievers, and the rotation remains a weak spot.
Now, as I've mentioned, you don't really just want to look at rankings, and helpfully, we maintain an updated total of projected future value by position right here on the site. While the numbers on that page, and in the table below, will be a little different from the numbers in the PPR — mostly because injuries and transactions have changed the playing time allocations slightly since those posts were published — you can get a pretty good idea of the relative strength and weakness of every team by looking at this table and sorting to your heart's content.
2017 Projected Value by Position Team C 1B 2B SS 3B LF CF RF DH SP RP Bat Pit WAR Dodgers 3.6 1.6 2.6 4.7 4.1 1.1 3.5 3.0 0.8 20.3 5.7 25.2 26.0 51.2 Cubs 2.8 4.9 2.9 3.8 5.7 2.5 1.1 3.0 0.8 16.8 5.0 27.4 21.8 49.2 Indians 2.1 2.9 3.2 5.1 2.3 2.5 1.7 1.5 2.7 17.5 5.3 24.0 22.9 46.9 Astros 3.1 1.5 4.4 5.4 3.4 0.7 3.7 3.0 1.1 15.1 4.3 26.3 19.4 45.7 Red Sox 2.1 1.2 3.3 3.5 1.1 2.0 3.5 5.5 1.2 17.1 3.6 23.4 20.7 44.1 Nationals 1.9 0.3 2.9 3.9 3.9 0.2 2.6 5.2 0.5 18.4 3.7 21.5 22.2 43.7 Giants 4.7 3.4 2.7 3.6 2.1 0.9 1.7 2.3 0.6 16.3 3.1 22.1 19.4 41.5 Blue Jays 2.8 1.1 2.2 3.2 6.1 0.6 2.9 3.0 1.6 13.4 3.3 23.5 16.7 40.2 Mets 2.0 2.1 2.6 1.6 1.3 3.2 2.3 0.9 1.0 18.6 4.1 16.8 22.7 39.6 Mariners 2.5 0.8 3.7 2.3 4.1 1.4 2.2 1.6 2.3 13.3 4.2 20.9 17.5 38.3 Cardinals 2.7 2.8 2.4 2.8 2.1 1.6 2.5 2.1 0.7 14.1 4.5 19.7 18.6 38.3 Angels 1.6 1.3 0.9 3.5 1.6 0.5 8.3 2.9 1.1 13.5 2.3 21.7 15.9 37.6 Yankees 3.6 1.8 1.4 2.2 2.2 1.8 1.9 1.6 1.7 13.8 5.2 18.3 19.0 37.3 Orioles 2.0 2.8 2.0 1.4 6.0 2.0 2.3 1.1 1.5 11.1 4.3 21.1 15.4 36.5 Rays 2.2 0.5 2.4 1.9 3.6 1.4 4.6 1.3 0.4 14.5 2.4 18.2 16.9 35.2 Rangers 3.8 1.2 2.6 1.9 4.1 0.4 2.5 1.5 1.2 12.5 3.4 19.2 15.9 35.1 Pirates 2.2 1.1 1.7 1.3 1.6 2.2 4.1 3.5 0.7 13.6 2.8 18.5 16.4 34.9 Tigers 2.2 4.0 3.0 1.9 1.3 2.5 0.5 2.1 0.5 14.2 2.0 17.9 16.2 34.1 Rockies 0.6 0.9 1.9 2.5 4.5 0.9 2.1 1.9 0.0 11.0 3.7 15.4 14.7 30.1 Marlins 2.5 1.1 1.6 0.6 2.2 1.7 4.1 3.8 0.4 8.6 3.1 18.0 11.7 29.7 Athletics 2.9 1.0 1.1 2.3 1.7 1.9 1.5 1.3 0.6 12.0 3.5 14.2 15.5 29.7 Twins 1.8 1.3 3.4 1.6 2.6 0.6 2.6 2.0 0.9 10.3 2.0 16.8 12.3 29.1 Phillies 1.4 1.0 1.5 1.5 2.6 0.7 2.7 1.0 0.3 13.7 2.4 12.6 16.0 28.7 D-backs 1.1 4.3 0.4 0.8 2.0 -0.3 3.7 1.1 0.1 12.9 1.6 13.2 14.6 27.7 Royals 2.7 1.4 0.5 0.9 2.8 2.3 3.0 0.8 0.3 10.8 1.9 14.9 12.8 27.6 Brewers 1.6 1.6 1.1 1.0 1.6 1.8 1.5 0.8 0.7 10.5 2.3 11.8 12.7 24.5 Reds 1.8 4.2 1.1 2.1 1.7 0.9 1.9 0.5 0.6 6.9 2.2 14.8 9.1 23.9 Braves 1.1 3.8 1.0 2.2 0.4 -0.1 2.5 0.4 0.1 10.3 1.7 11.3 12.0 23.3 Padres 2.0 2.7 1.9 0.0 2.2 1.0 1.5 0.4 0.6 7.7 3.2 12.2 10.9 23.1 White Sox 1.1 2.1 1.1 1.9 2.6 0.8 -0.2 0.2 -1.0 10.8 3.6 8.6 14.4 23.0
(The values at DH for NL teams reflect expected value from pinch-hitters)
The Dodgers are good. The Cubs are good. The Indians are good. The White Sox are not as good. We have some limbs we're really going out on around here. And for those who ask, projected WAR won't line up exactly with projected wins, because wins aren't perfectly linear; there are interactions between players that lead to higher or lower levels of run-scoring or -prevention, and then quality of opponents also play a factor into a team's expected win loss record.
As always, we hope you enjoyed the series. It's a huge effort to produce, but hopefully you found it useful in preparing you for the 2017 season, whether providing confirmation bias for your existing excitement or causing you to buy a bulk shipment of brown paper bags to wear to the games.
Ireland's longest surviving lung transplant recipient dies aged 51 Brendan McLaughlin, the longest surviving Cystic Fibrosis lung transplant recipient in Ireland, has passed away 26 years after getting a transplant.
Garda probe underway after body found on southside of Cork city Gardaí have launched an investigation following the discovery of the body of a man in his 50s in a house on the southside of Cork city.
Gardaí release CCTV footage of Icelandic man missing in Dublin The investigation by An Garda Síochána was highlighted on tonight's Crimecall programme on RTE.
Woman calls for farmer awareness on rare killer bug after husband dies from sepsis Irene Whelan said the family were not able to see Tom's body after he died and weren't able to have an open coffin at his funeral because of the aggressive nature of the bug.
Teen dies in Co Wicklow crash A teenager has died following a crash in Co Wicklow.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
You might remember an op-ed I published a few days ago in defense of Edge of Tomorrow‘s title. As I expected, not everyone agreed with me. In fact, my friend and podcasting veteran Teague Chrystie from Friends in your Head was so emphatic about his disagreement that he suggested we record a short podcast about the issue. You can listen to the result below.
Our conversation starts with a breakdown of Edge of Tomorrow as a title. Teague's offer his theory on why it doesn't work and I defend its merits. The discussion then branches into a larger back and forth about Edge of Tomorrow‘s marketing woes, Tom Cruise's bankability as a star and the effect that titles have on box office performance. We also delve into science fiction movies and how they've been named over the past few decades.
~ Josh
Note that this podcast contains spoilers for Edge of Tomorrow. As always, you can subscribe to Movie Fail's podcast using iTunes. Alternatively, you can download the .mp3 here. Please be warned that this podcast does contain some explicit language. Happy listening!
What do you think? Did you agree with me, or did Teague persuade you? Leave a comment with your opinion!
This podcast uses intro/outro music composed by Teague Chrystie.
Last year Joshua Harris announced that he was leaving the ministry and going to seminary. He spoke of his life as being lived backwards, and his words resonated with me and with others who grew up in the Christian homeschool movement. Josh published his career-making book, I Kissed Dating Goodbye, in 1997, when he was only 21. His book had a huge impact on not only the Christian homeschool movement but also evangelicalism more broadly, and frankly, messed a lot of things up for a lot of us growing up in that culture.
Several years ago, even conservative evangelical World Magazine published an article critical of the impact Harris's seminal book has had on the relationship culture of an entire generation of evangelical young people. But Harris is no longer 21. It has been nearly two decades since he published his book, and in that time he has married, had children, pastored a church, and weathered a denomination sex abuse scandal that threatened to take his congregation down with it. It is likely this last event that set him on his path toward seminary.
I'd heard rumors that Harris has become critical of the ideas he wrote in his book, though I had not seen these rumors directly confirmed. Then this morning I came upon this exchange on Twitter:
Here's the full text:
Elizabeth Esther @elizabethesther
I never went to prom. #BecauseFundamentalism jessica @jessicakathryn
@elizabethesther my school wasn't allowed to have prom. Because @HarrisJosh lol Joshua Harris @HarrisJosh
@jessicakathryn @elizabethesther Sorry about that, Jess.
Yes, you read that right. Two individuals on Twitter tweeted about not being able to go to the prom because of evangelical purity teachings, and when one referenced the role Harris played in that, Harris tweeted back that he was “Sorry about that.” This, frankly, is the beauty and magic of twitter, the way it can bring people into contact. The way Harris chose to respond was, of course, all him. I so appreciate the complete lack of defensiveness, and the simple sympathy shown instead.
After Elizabeth Esther asked if they could chat sometime, there was this:
Here's the full text:
Elizabeth Esther @elizabethesther
@HarrisJosh honestly, your book was used against me like a weapon. But now, I just feel compassion for the kid you were when you wrote it. Joshua Harris @HarrisJosh
@elizabethesther I'm sorry. And I'm planning to dig into that in the next year or two. Again, I'd love to chat.
Wow. Just, wow.
I read I Kissed Dating Goodbye for the first time when I was 14 years old, and immediately commenced shaming myself for my schoolgirl crushes. I tortured myself for years, desperately afraid that I was giving away pieces of my heart, never to get them back. There are women out there who married the first guy they dated because they believed, under the influences of Harris's teachings, that they had given away a piece of their heart that they could never get back. It was no longer just about physical purity, it was also about what I've sometimes seem called “love virginity.” The stakes were raised. Dating around became akin to sleeping around, and both were seen as practice for divorce, which of course was bad, bad, bad.
But I never in all my years expected to see Harris apologize—directly, publicly, without reservation—to specific individuals for the harm his book did them.
I am of course curious why the book is still being sold, and without any caveat. I'd like to see Harris speak more openly against the larger, systemic and overarching problems his book created—and the problems that would have been there even had his book not exacerbated them. In other words, I want to see more. And Harris does promise more when he writes that he's “planning to dig into that in the next year or two.” I, for one, look forward to reading what he has to say.
Bruce Springsteen at Concert in Germany: ‘F*ck Trump'
At a recent concert at Olympic Stadium in Munich, Germany, rocker Bruce Springsteen held up a large pair of signs for the audience to see that disparaged presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump with a profane message.
Springsteen and the E Street Band were playing the encore song “Dancing in the Dark” when, after his traditional dance with a female fan, Springsteen beckoned for a pair of signs being held high in the crowd to be passed up to him.
Springsteen held the signs side by side for the cameras so they could be seen on the concert's giant video screens: “Fuck Trump, We Want to Dance With the Boss.” The audience of 57,000 responded with loud cheers.
Springsteen played concerts in support of Democratic party presidential nominees John Kerry in 2004 and Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012.
The U.S. political press has yet to report on Springsteen's profane overseas trashing of Trump at his June 17 concert in Munich.
Springsteen last made political news by abruptly cancelling a concert in Greensboro, North Carolina just days before the date of the show in protest of the state's law protecting women and girls from perverted men trying to use women's bathrooms.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lorry driver delivering BEER has been banned from the road after admitting being over the drink-drive limit while behind the wheel of a huge 26-tonne wagon.
Brian Dunn was spotted by traffic officers last month after they suspected he was over the limit while driving the massive HGV, ‘fully-laden' with booze.
The 52-year-old was pulled over on Charlestown Road in Blackley on May 24 at around 3pm, before blowing positive for alcohol at the side of the road.
He blew two further positive samples in custody.
Dunn, from Moston, had 53 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millimetres of breath. The legal limit is 35.
Appearing before Manchester Magistrates' Court, he said he lost his job at a brewery, which wasn't named, the day after the incident.
He pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned from the road for 14 months.
Read:
Read:
The court heard Dunn was spotted driving the fully-loaded HGV by officers, who pulled him over, suspecting he was over the legal limit.
Dunn told officers he had been drinking the night before, but insisted he had not had a drink that day.
After being arrested, he said he had been drinking heavily the previous night, went to bed late and got up early for work.
Dunn told police he didn't think he would be over the limit when he took to the wheel.
Representing himself in court, he told magistrates he had had a ‘bad night' because of an issue with his daughter and her boyfriend, adding: “I do feel bad about it now.”
Dunn asked magistrates to let him go on a rehabilitation course for drink drivers.
Chair of the bench Philip Kershaw told him: “This is a very serious offence. We have no alternative but to ban you from driving - from now, for 14 months.
“If you drive within that time, it will be an extremely serious offence.”
Dunn, who has had to go on benefits since losing his job, was fined £120 and ordered to pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 court costs.
The cash will be taken from his welfare payments.
In Russell Hoban's novel Riddley Walker, the descendants of nuclear holocaust survivors seek amid the rubble the key to recovering their lost civilisation. They end up believing that the answer is to re-invent the atom bomb. I was reminded of this when I read the government's new plans to save us from the credit crunch. It intends - at gobsmacking public expense - to persuade the banks to start lending again, at levels similar to those of 2007. Isn't this what caused the problem in the first place? Are insane levels of lending really the solution to a crisis caused by insane levels of lending?
Yes, I know that without money there's no business, and without business there are no jobs. I also know that most of the money in circulation is issued, through fractional reserve banking, in the form of debt. This means that you can't solve one problem (a lack of money) without causing another (a mountain of debt). There must be a better way than this.
This isn't my subject and I am venturing way beyond my pay grade. But I want to introduce you to another way of negotiating a credit crunch, which requires no moral hazard, no hair of the dog and no public spending. I'm relying on, in explaining it, on the former currency trader and central banker Bernard Lietaer.
In his book The Future of Money, Lietaer points out - as the government did yesterday - that in situations like ours everything grinds to a halt for want of money. But he also explains that there is no reason why this money should take the form of sterling or be issued by the banks. Money consists only of "an agreement within a community to use something as a medium of exchange". The medium of exchange could be anything, as long as everyone who uses it trusts that everyone else will recognise its value. During the Great Depression, businesses in the United States issued rabbit tails, seashells and wooden discs as currency, as well as all manner of papers and metal tokens. In 1971, Jaime Lerner, the mayor of Curitiba in Brazil, kick-started the economy of the city and solved two major social problems by issuing currency in the form of bus tokens. People earned them by picking and sorting litter: thus cleaning the streets and acquiring the means to commute to work. Schemes like this helped Curitiba become one of the most prosperous cities in Brazil.
But the projects that have proved most effective were those inspired by the German economist Silvio Gessell, who became finance minister in Gustav Landauer's doomed Bavarian republic. He proposed that communities seeking to rescue themselves from economic collapse should issue their own currency. To discourage people from hoarding it, they should impose a fee (called demurrage), which has the same effect as negative interest. The back of each banknote would contain 12 boxes. For the note to remain valid, the owner had to buy a stamp every month and stick it in one of the boxes. It would be withdrawn from circulation after a year. Money of this kind is called stamp scrip: a privately issued currency that becomes less valuable the longer you hold on to it.
One of the first places to experiment with this scheme was the small German town of Schwanenkirchen. In 1923, hyperinflation had caused a credit crunch of a different kind. A Dr Hebecker, owner of a coalmine in Schwanenkirchen, told his workers that if they wouldn't accept the coal-backed stamp scrip he had invented - the Wara - he would have to close the mine. He promised to exchange it, in the first instance, for food. The scheme immediately took off. It saved both the mine and the town. It was soon adopted by 2,000 corporations across Germany. But in 1931, under pressure from the central bank, the ministry of finance closed the project down, with catastrophic consequences for the communities that had come to depend on it. Lietaer points out that the only remaining option for the German economy was ruthless centralised economic planning. Would Hitler have come to power if the Wara and similar schemes had been allowed to survive?
The Austrian town of Wörgl also tried out Gessell's idea, in 1932. Like most communities in Europe at the time, it suffered from mass unemployment and a shortage of money for public works. Instead of spending the town's meagre funds on new works, the mayor put them on deposit as a guarantee for the stamp scrip he issued. By paying workers in the new currency, he paved the streets, restored the water system and built a bridge, new houses and a ski jump. Because they would soon lose their value, Wörgl's own schillings circulated much faster than the official money, with the result that each unit of currency generated 12 to 14 times more employment. Scores of other towns sought to copy the scheme, at which point - in 1933 - the central bank stamped it out. Wörgl's workers were thrown out of work again.
Similar projects took off at the same time in dozens of countries. Almost all of them were closed down (just one, Switzerland's WIR system, still exists) as the central banks panicked about losing their monopoly over the control of money. Roosevelt prohibited complementary currencies by executive decree, though they might have offered a faster, cheaper and more effective means of pulling the US out of the Depression than his New Deal.
No one is suggesting that we replace official currencies with local scrip: this is a complementary system, not an alternative. Nor does Lietaer propose this as a solution to all economic ills. But even before you consider how it could be improved through modern information technology, several features of Gessell's system grab your attention. We need not wait for the government or the central bank to save us: we can set this system up ourselves. It costs taxpayers nothing. It bypasses the greedy banks. It recharges local economies and gives local businesses an advantage over multinationals. It can be tailored to the needs of the community. It does not require - as Eddie George, the former governor of the Bank of England, insisted - that one part of the country be squeezed so that another can prosper.
Perhaps most importantly, a demurrage system reverses the ecological problem of discount rates. If you have to pay to keep your money, the later you receive your income, the more valuable it will be. So it makes economic sense, under this system, to invest long term. As resources in the ground are a better store of value than money in the bank, the system encourages their conservation.
I make no claim to expertise. I'm not qualified to identify the flaws in this scheme, nor am I confident that I have made the best case for it. All I ask is that, if you haven't come across it before, you don't dismiss it before learning more. As we confront the failure of the government's first bailout and the astonishing costs of the second, isn't it time we considered the alternatives?
monbiot.com
Loading ... Loading ...
The Anonymous faction “RedCult” recently released a video further discussing #OpWhiteRose and their activism against presidential candidate, Donald Trump. Last Friday, Anonymous made a press statement stating that they had hacked into Trump's personal networks and gathered a sizable “dox” (portfolio of personal information dumped onto the internet en-masse).
The Last American Vagabond recently released an article describing the standpoint that this was essentially a form of beta-class activism, only succeeding in beating around the bush and inflating the ego of Anons everywhere. The Vagabond does not in any way support Donald Trump, but releasing his personal information seemed to have no more of a point than trash-talking, and this is not activism.
The released video, titled “#OpWhiteRose Round 2” explained the situation a little further, and while it still does not come across like an effective form of activism, it explains why Anonymous would put effort into releasing this information of Trump. According to RedCult, all of the information they released in to dox that they “hacked” were actually publicly available online since 2013. Instead of being a legitimate hack, this was a practice in open-source intelligence and media-spinning.
By claiming that they had hacked Trump, implying that they had broken the law, Anonymous effectively sent the FBI into a false-alarm investigation. Furthermore, RedCult announces this as if it demonstrates that they actually did something.
Firstly, no one is learning anything new about the FBI in this case. Secondly, just because Anonymous didn't “hack” Donald Trump doesn't mean that they are coming across any less conceited, biased, or zealous. On the contrary, RedCult is still happy to vilify Donald Trump as a “Fourth Reich fascist” and equate themselves to the White Rose Society, which was a primary nonviolent opposition against the Nazi regime. Let it be stated one more time that Donald Trump is not being supported by the Vagabond, and the real problem here is the limited frame of reference that is being used by Anonymous, as these type of things should be considered about all of the presidential candidates, Trump included.
As a final statement, RedCult is also responsible for propagating #OpISIS, which is the campaign against social media profiles related to ISIS. While eliminating ISIS propaganda is definitively a positive thing, RedCult's #OpISIS has been just as much about social media censorship and Second-Amendment Infringements as it has been about ISIS propaganda–some reports even claiming that they have censored much more than ISIS at times. Therefore, in light of #OpWhiteRose, this article proposes that Anonymous RedCult is likely to be one of the primary units of Government Intelligence wearing the Guy Fawkes mask.
RedCult has maintained a consistent correspondence with the Media, and has always used divisive, Leftist wordplay in their press statements. Rather than having any authenticity, it seems that RedCult are perhaps what researchers have begun to call information “Gatekeepers.” A “gatekeeper” in this instance is a slang-term to describe prominent figures who have had their opinions either bought out or inherently distorted, meaning that they are paid or persuaded otherwise to dismiss certain issues. The theory behind this is that these Gatekeepers are meant to lead activists away from getting closer to the entire truth by convoluting it.
A brief list of these types of Gatekeepers are Neil DeGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye for ties to Monsanto; Amy Goodman of Democracy Now!; Noam Chomsky, who denies a conspiracy behind the JFK Assassination and 9/11, and argues that critiques of the Federal Reserve are ill-founded; Timothy Leary and Alduos Huxley for their relationship to Allen Dulles of the CIA during the 60's counter culture movement; Glenn Greenwald and The Intercept for their primary funding from NSA-cozy ebay/Paypal owner, Pierre Omidyar. Similar to these “Gatekeepers” are institutions of thought meant to misguide people, called “Limited Hang-outs.” The OCCUPY movements, Color Revolutions (ARAB SPRING), the “New Age” pseudo-spiritual movement, and likely even the Snowden Files can all be considered forms of Limited Hang-outs. Now, it seems that Anonymous can safely be considered one of these Limited Hang-outs, and RedCult one if its Gatekeepers.
A final message: It might be time to get rid of Anonymous. After all, real truthers don't wear the face of an ineffective scapegoat (Fawkes), produced in factories of third-world countries, funded by Time Warner Inc. and stimulated by an elitist Hollywood agenda. Any real truthers left still wearing the mask may want to consider adopting a new moniker before their own authenticity is called into question!
Sources: http://www.buzzfeed.com/ryanhatesthis/heres-a-friendly-reminder-that-guy-fawkes-masks-are-made-in, http://theantimedia.org/anonymous-fooled-donald-trump-the-secret-service-and-the-fbi/, http://conspireality.tv/2011/01/09/v-for-zionism/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=62&v=idr7FGqIa1A, http://educate-yourself.org/cn/amygoodmangatekeeper27aug05.shtml, http://educate-yourself.org/cn/noamchomskyindex.shtml, http://www.gnosticmedia.com/manufacturing-the-deadhead-a-product-of-social-engineering-by-joe-atwill-and-jan-irvin/, http://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/8/29/1416537/-Neil-deGrasse-Tyson-owes-us-an-apology-GMOs-just-got-real-on-NEJM, http://ecowatch.com/2015/07/14/was-bill-nye-paid-by-monsanto-gmos/, http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/anonymous-war-with-isis-could-lead-to-spread-of-internet-censorship-group-warns-a6772356.html
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
One of world's biggest companies gets a court order to stop sales of your product next week. What do you do?
Give it away. That what six-person Hello Product LLC is doing after losing its fight with Procter & Gamble Co., the world's largest consumer-products company.
P&G contacted Hello last April to tell them their label was false and misleading because ingredients in Hello's toothpaste like sodium lauryl sulfate and sorbitol are chemically processed, according to court documents. In June Hello agreed to strip the claim from its next batch of printing. But in January, P&G forced the issue with a lawsuit and the two sides agreed to an injunction to stop selling any toothpaste with that label, starting March 25.
So Friday, four days before the order goes into effect, Hello plans to hand out its remaining stock of around 100,000 bottles of that toothpaste on the streets of Manhattan.
More on this after the jump…
Dead Zone Bags ™ Radio Signal Blocking Bags and Faraday Pouches!
The RF Blocking bag that actually worked as claimed, and had a warranty to back that claim up !
CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE - SEE BELOW FOR MORE INFO Home Buy a Dead Zone Bag Small Size Bags Large Size Bags Instructions Warranty Electronic Privacy knowledge
Dear customers,
We are currently unable to manufacture and sell Dead Zone Bags™ and we are currently unable to discuss the reason(s) why we are no longer able to manufacture and sell Dead Zone Bags™. Please do not call or e-mail us with questions or requests about Dead Zone Bag™ products, as our customer service team will not be able to provide you with additional information, and you will be referred back to this page.
However, our parent company sells the raw materials for you to make your own Faraday Cages.
https://www.ahh.biz/fabric/specialized/stainless_steel_ultra_fine_fabric.php
https://www.ahh.biz/hardware/hooknloop/hook-and-loop-sew-on-150.php
https://www.ahh.biz/sewing_tools/heavy-duty-nylon-sewing-thread.php
https://www.ahh.biz/sewing_tools/sewing-needles-heavy-duty-set-2.php
Official Dead Zone Bag™ Limited Edition Keychains are still available for sale and $1.00 from the sale of each Dead Zone Bags™ Keychain will be donated to: E.P.I.C. Electronic Privacy Information Center
Sewing DIY Faraday Bags
The design of the original Dead Zone Bags™ was essentially an elongated pillow case that twice folds over the inserted device when properly closed, and with double folded, sewn seams. The double folded sewn seams and the twice folding design are critical design elements of a functioning RF Signal blocking bag. A review of our instructions from the original product should give you a good idea how this bag should be made. Nearly any home sewing machine can be used, but this special RF blocking stainless steel material is especially hard on a sewing machine's internal mechanisms, and could possibly damage lighter machines. Hand sewing with needle and thread is the most effective way to sew these bags.
The simple foolproof way to test your finished bag without the benefit of expensive test equipment is: Put your device into the finished bag, and try to call, send e-mail, or otherwise message the device. If the device is unable to send or receive the messages or calls during the entire time it was in the bag, then your bag works. Try to perform this testing within visual sight of a known cellular tower, and as close as you can reasonably and safely get to the cellular tower; as to ensure proper testing with the strongest possible signal you are likely to encounter during normal use.
Unlike most competitor's products, our Dead Zone Bag™ stayed true to the design of the original Faraday Cage electromagnetic shield invented by Michael Faraday in1836 and has been successfully tested to block all frequencies in the following bands:
800 Mhz - 950 Mhz and 1900 Mhz used for cellular phones
1200 Mhz - 1500 Mhz (1.7 Ghz - 2.1 Ghz) used in GPS Satellite Navigation (SATNAV)
1500 Mhz - 2100 Mhz (1.7 Ghz - 2.1 Ghz) wireless internet including 3G and 4G
2000 Mhz - 5800 Mhz (2 Ghz - 5.8 Ghz) band used for Bluetooth® and 802.11 WLAN Devices (WIFI Devices)
There are other much less expensive, commercially available signal blocking bags, primarily marketed to law enforcement agencies (for use as cyber evidence preservation tools) that claim to block frequencies as low as 10 MHz, and also RFID “Proxy cards”, NFC (Near Field Communication - as used in Apple Pay® and other point of sale wireless payment systems) as well as the passive RFID used in U.S. Passports. These claims of effective low frequency blocking made by other manufacturers should be dismissed as potentially fraudulent until independently verified by competent radio technicians with the proper test equipment. See:
http://www.deadzonebags.com/electronic-privacy/index.html#Notes_regarding_NFC_signal_Blocking
All existing warranties on Dead Zone Bags™ purchased before December 19, 2014 will be honored with the following change to the warranty: Replacement bags are not available; bags shown to be defective due to materials or workmanship will be accepted for return and a prorated refund based on the date of original sale will be issued. (prorating is based on the term of original warranty, 1 year; therefore bags returned 6 months after date of purchase will be eligible for a 50% refund and so on.)
Thank You,
The Former Manufacturers of Dead Zone Bags™
The Indiana Pacers are rolling these days, working with a 16-1 record and leading both the Eastern Conference and the NBA in winning percentage, mainly because of a fantastic mixture of internal development and added depth procured during the offseason.
The Miami Heat? It's fair to say they're rolling as well, despite a mild three-quarter scare against the Charlotte Bobcats on Sunday. The Heat did not hire a celebrated heady type over the 2013 offseason to add to their depth, in the vein of 2011 acquisition Shane Battier or 2012 acquisition Ray Allen. The team, mindful of its luxury tax issues, even waived playoff hero Mike Miller over the offseason, and probably won't be adding a player midseason as they did last year with Chris “Birdman” Andersen.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
What they did bring in was the top overall pick in the 2007 draft, and the second overall pick in the 2008 draft. While those may seem like fantastic pickups, former high-ranking prospects working just over a half-decade after being drafted into the NBA, understand that the prospects in question are Greg Oden and Michael Beasley. Oden has yet to play a regular season minute after a brief exhibition cameo in October, and Beasley was thought by many to be a lost cause after years of listless play on the court and shameful car and recreational drug habits off the court.
And yet, with help from the Heat coaching staff and with various bits of peer pressure put in place by his two-time champion teammates, Beasley has responded. Michael Beasley, that loping lost cause, is actually having a fantastic season in 2013-14.
Story continues
Miami coach Erik Spoelstra, without patting himself on the back (honestly), credits Miami's culture and attitude for turning things around. After years on chaotic Minnesota Timberwolves and Phoenix Suns teams, Beasley needed to re-learn accountability (even calling it a “re-learn” is giving him quite a bit of credit) before the Heat could get into chiding him for that defense, rebounding, shot selection … everything, really.
From Ira Winderman at the South Florida Sun Sentinel:
"With Michael," Spoelstra said, "it was more about, initially, we felt he was part of our family. We drafted him. We spent a lot of time with him, not only during those two regular seasons, but during the offseasons and we just wanted to open up our arms back into our family.
"That was our initial thought when we talked to him. I didn't even talk role. I didn't even talk specifics about anything. I didn't talk about, 'Hey, you're going to learn from these guys.' It was, 'Hey, come back to the family,' and just get back into the routine and we'll take it from there. After training camp, that's about the first time I really started to talk about a possible role with him."
Beasley was released by the Suns in the first week of September after several off court incidents, and terrible play on the court for a slapdash Suns team that was put together improperly by ex-Suns general manager Lance Blanks. Working on a non-guaranteed, one-year minimum contract with the Miami franchise that originally drafted him (only to deal him two years later for the pittance of a second round pick), it was probably smart of Spoelstra to really not get into the nuts and bolts of Xs and Os diagramming with his recovering young player. Waiting a few weeks for the end of training camp to detail that appears to have been the best move – even if Beasley had a strange exhibition season to follow.
As great as Spoelstra is, though, not all of this can be attributed to the coaching staff working wonders. It's true that the trade that sent Beasley to Minnesota for that second round pick was mostly a cap-clearing move (in anticipation of signing LeBron James and Chris Bosh as free agents, while re-signing Dwyane Wade), but Beasley didn't exactly shoot the lights out with the Heat from 2008 to 2010. His stagnant, maddening midrange game wasn't as frustrating and ineffective as it was in Minnesota and (especially) Phoenix, but that didn't mean Beasley's play didn't betray the promise of a player that averaged over 26 points and 12 rebounds in just 31 minutes a game during his lone year at Kansas State.
The teammates and rings have something to do with it too, as does Beasley's renewed insistence on replicating that K-State game, and going quickly into moves and decisions with the ball. Because Miami's offense features so much action both on the strong and weak sides, Beasley can't help but be caught up in it. Unlike Spoelstra's first two seasons as Heat coach, and his fitful time in LeBron's first year with the Heat, there's no standing around in Miami.
For Beasley, the results have been superb. He's averaging the same 10.1 points per game that he did last year in Phoenix, but in nearly five fewer minutes per game, while shooting 54 percent (up from 40 percent as a Sun) along the way. Beas is shooting the lights out from behind the arc as well, nearly 43 percent, but that hasn't encouraged him to go haywire from deep – he's taking fewer threes per minute than he did in Phoenix and his last year with the Timberwolves.
Better yet, his rebounding is up to 8.4 per 36 minutes (his explanation: “[Chris Andersen] and Chris [Bosh] need help. And I ain't got nothing better to do.”), and his turnovers have fallen off to just 2.2 during that 36 minute term. Beasley wasn't exactly the worst butterfingers in Phoenix last year, but those stand-and-hold-and-shoot possessions were nearly as bad as turnovers, and Michael supplied plenty of them.
As a result, Beasley has supplied a needed bench cog in Miami's top-ranked offense, nearly doubling his Player Efficiency Rating (to over 21) along the way. It's early, but it's working. We're only 12 games into this season, but after the 354 games in Beasley's career that came prior to 2013-14, we'll take whatever we can get from the guy.
- - - - - - -
Kelly Dwyer is an editor for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at KDonhoops@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
UIG / Getty Images
The Moon has been kind of a backwater lately. During the 1960's, and early 1970's it was the hottest possible destination, what with unmanned probes from the U.S. and U.S.S.R. touching down on the lunar surface, followed by American astronauts tromping and joyriding across the dusty landscape. It's not that scientists have lost interest by any means, but most of what they've learned in recent decades has come from orbiting spacecraft like GRAIL and LCROSS and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter.
All that is changing, however, as China gears up to launch its first lunar rover, the Chang'e-3 in mid-December, following the success of the Chang'e-1 and Chang'e-2 orbiters in 2007 and 2010. The Russians have plans to return with unmanned probes as well, and so does at least one private company named Astrobotic Technology. While this new flurry of interest in up-close lunar exploration could be terrific for science, it could also threaten to disrupt or damage the historic sites of previous landings, where 60's-era technology still sits, undisturbed.
And undisturbed is how it should stay, say Henry Hertzfeld and Scott Pace, of George Washington University's Space Policy Institute. “Although we might assume the best of intentions for such [new] missions,” they write in a policy paper in the current Science, “they could irreparably disturb the traces of the first human visits to another world.”
(MORE: Visitors From Beyond the Galaxy Reach the Antarctic)
It's not an entirely new worry. In the 1950's, in fact, before the first primitive probes headed to the Moon, a panel of scientists warned the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. to “make haste with due care” in exploring our closest neighbor. They were worried about contaminating the Moon's then-pristine environment, but last summer the House of Representatives drafted legislation that would create the Apollo Lunar Landing Sites National Historical Park to safeguard artifacts from the heroic early years of the Space Age.
It's a noble idea, says Hertzfeld, but there's one glaring problem. “If the bill were to become law,” he says, “it would be very easy for other nations to say the U.S. is aggressively declaring sovereignty over parts the Moon”—something explicitly prohibited by the U.N.-sponsored Outer Space Treaty created in 1967. Indeed, the new American law would violate not merely the spirit of that 46-year international one, but the letter of it too since all national parks fall under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, whose charter is to manage its assets “for the benefit and inspiration of all the people of the United States.”
(PICTURES: Earth Photobombs Saturn)
That sounds an awful lot like a declaration of sovereignty, worries Hertzfeld. It might be possible instead to have the Apollo sites and other places with remnants of unmanned landers declared UNESCO World Heritage Sites—but again, says Hertzfeld, “all of those sites are on sovereign territory,” raising that tricky question again.
A better route, he and Pace argue, might be to create a new international treaty through the U.N. That, however, could take many years to push through, and with a new Moon rush about to begin, the diplomatic pace might not keep up with the exploratory one, leaving the historic sites vulnerable to damage. “The lunar regolith is dusty,” says Pace, “and if you kick up a lot of dust, you can inadvertently cause a lot of damage.” If lunar tourism ever begins in earnest—even if it's virtual tourism, with a rover taking customers on a video ride-through of Apollo landing sites—the danger of flinging dust and, worse yet, obliterating astronaut footprints, would be even greater.
The most efficient solution, Hertzfeld and Pace say, is to approach Russia directly, and, as of next month, China as well. “We should engage with those nations, despite some obvious political issues, and make a multilateral agreement that simply says ‘you leave our stuff alone, we'll leave your stuff alone.'” As for lunar tourism, he says “any company that wants to do it will have to get permission from their government first,” so any multiparty agreement would presumably be binding on private companies as well.
(MORE: The Rock That Clobbered Russia: Meteor Post-Mortem)
The good thing about last summer's Congressional bill, Hertzfeld believes, is that while it might never actually be passed into law, it jump-started an important conversation. The new paper is part of that conversation. “Our suggestion would need a lot more study and negotiation before it could be implemented,” he says, and acknowledges that someone might come up with an even better idea for preserving these monuments to space exploration.
“Of course,” Hertzfeld says, “we're assuming they're worth preserving. But I think that's a given.” Anyone who's ever been inspired by the drama and adventure of space exploration would find it hard to disagree.
(VIDEO: Countdown to NASA's MAVEN Mission to Mars)
Since the first Neanderthal fossil was discovered in the 1850s, scientists have debated the difference between humans and their relatives. The two species definitely mated, but there are some big differences between them, from Neanderthals' big brows and squat figures to their distinctive DNA. Now, reports Ben Guarino for The Washington Post, skulls that seem to be both human and Neanderthal just added an intriguing twist to that debate.
The skulls, which are described in a new paper in the journal Science, were discovered in Lingjing, China in 2007 and 2014 and are between 100,000 and 130,000 years old. Researchers are calling them “a morphological mosaic” because of a collage of characteristics.
They've got Neanderthals' ear canals, eastern Eurasian humans' low and flat brainpans, and similarities to early modern Old World humans, too.
The skulls are distinctive enough that they seem to belong to an entirely different species—one that's neither human nor Neanderthal, but that shares characteristics of both. One explanation is that they're Denisovans, a recently discovered ancient human cousin thought to have interbred with both humans and Neanderthals. As SmartNews reported in 2015, only two teeth and a finger bone have given scientists clues about Denisovans so far. But Science Magazine's Ann Gibbons spoke with experts who say the skulls fit what science knows about Denisovans thus far—even though the research team itself carefully avoids saying the word in its paper or press materials.
Okay, so the team won't take a stand on whether the skulls are Denisovan. But they tell Gibbons that they do think they're “a kind of unknown or new archaic human.” The skulls seem to point to region-specific evolution in eastern Asia at a time when multiple hominid species existed.
For Erik Trinkaus, one of the paper's authors, the skulls are an important glimpse back in time, filling in a gap in the human fossil record. In a release, he says that the skulls point to “the unity and dynamic nature of human evolution.”
As Guarino points out, the team wasn't able to get genetic material from the skulls, so it will be impossible to figure out which species they're part of until they're analyzed and compared to what we know about other hominids. For now, the skulls have raised questions they can't answer—but they've also just made the question of which hominids coexisted and when even more intriguing.
Mayor Bob Filner announced Friday that the city will be ending a controversial red light camera program.
The program charges violators up to $490 when the automated cameras catch motorists running red lights. The program contract with the city expired Thursday night and will not be renewed, Filner said.
"The state and company make money," Filner said of American Traffic Solutions, the company that contracts the cameras to the City of San Diego. "But it's a wash for us," he said.
Now, the city will bring police officers back to the 15 intersections that up until Thursday had operating red light cameras. The officers will patrol the areas and cite those who run red lights.
Filner Shuts Down Red Light Cameras
Mayor Bob Filner spoke with NBC 7 reporter Megan Tevrizian about the red light cameras that will be taken down from city intersections. (Published Friday, Feb. 1, 2013)
Filner made the announcement at the intersection of Grape Street and North Harbor Drive -- the city's most prolific red light camera intersection. The program lasted almost 15 years and survived three contracts. In total, the number of unverified citations given as a result of the camera was more than 196,000.
“I did not see any real data that showed [the cameras] increased safety or decreased accidents,” Filner said. “The police chief and I decided we have better respect for what is going on if actual police officers on motorcycles, for example, and talking to the drivers. You get more awareness and more of a respect for the law.”
SDPD Chief William Lansdowne joined Filner Friday in the announcement and echoed Filner's concerns over having boots on the ground as opposed to cameras at intersections.
Red Light Cameras Go Dark
Mayor Bob Filner will decide whether to continue a red light camera program in the City of San Diego Friday. (Published Friday, Feb. 1, 2013)
"The most effective way to create safety in traffic is with officers," he said of the joint decision between his department and the city.
The system charged everyone the same fine for a red light violation. Attorney Mitchell Mehdy believed not every violation deserved such a stiff penalty.
"If you make a right hand turn half a second or barrel through a light at 12 seconds almost killing somebody, it's the same price. That doesn't make sense," he said.
Fighting Red Light Tickets
On this episode of Politically Speaking with Mari Payton, Attorney Mitch Mehdy debates the city's Bill Harris about the effectiveness of red light cameras. (Published Friday, Jan. 18, 2013)
However most drivers would probably agree that driving habits tend to change when you approach a red light camera intersection.
"It does make you slow down further back if you see that yellow light," said Kearny Mesa resident Nathaniel Brown.
That's one reason why officials with American Traffic Solutions said these cameras force people to drive safer.
Veterinarians at the South Carolina Aquarium Sea Turtle Rescue Program have released two rehabilitated loggerhead sea turtles into the ocean after one of the turtles died - twice.
The turtle, Lazarus, suffered from dangerously low amounts of blood sugar, iron and protein after being discovered off of the coast of Garden City, South Carolina. According to Dr. Shane Boylan, the turtle frantically gasped for air and eventually became unresponsive as its eyes sank back into its head, a well-known sign of death in turtles.
Boylan administered epinephrine and assisted the turtle with its breathing until it regained consciousness. Lazarus was put on a respirator and had another similar close call with death just days later. Despite an initial poor prognosis, the turtle was recently given a clean bill of health after almost a year of intensive care.
On Friday, Lazarus was released with another rehabilitated turtle 40 miles off the coast of Charleston, South Carolina.
Click here for more information from South Carolina Aquarium
Related Video:
Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi opens up about his cancer battle in a candid new interview, admitting he is unsure how much longer he will live, saying it could be anywhere from one year to 10 years.
Speaking to the UK newspaper The Mirror , the metal godfather says he initially thought his cancer diagnosis in January 2012 was a sure death sentence. "When the doctors told me I had cancer I thought, 'That's it then.' Cancer was death as far as I was concerned. I found a painful lump in my groin while I was in New York promoting my book. I thought it was my prostate acting up again, but Ozzy [Osbourne] told me I should get it checked out."
Iommi found out he had lymphoma, and has been battling the disease ever since. But somehow he managed to record the stellar Black Sabbath album '13' and tour in support of the disc. However, he says it was no easy task. "After we released the album we went on tour and played 81 shows in 28 countries. I really enjoyed it, but it was tough. After the illness I got really tired. Every six weeks I had to fly home for treatment ... Then I had to be home for two or three weeks recovering before I could join up with the band again. We had to plan the whole tour around my treatment."
As for his outlook, Iommi still has a tough road ahead and is unsure how much longer he will live. "Because I had two different operations at the same time, one on my prostate and one on my lymph nodes, I had too many scans last year and too much radiation," he reveals. "So I can't have any more scans yet. Every day I feel around for lumps and bumps. Every time I get a pain in my stomach I think, 'Oh God, it's cancer.' It's horrible. I even dream about it. But that's my life now. The surgeon told me he doesn't expect the cancer to go away. There's a 30 percent chance that it could, but more than likely it will come back and it could be any time. I look at life differently now. I could be here another 10 years or just one year – I don't know."
Ozzy Osbourne recently revealed that Black Sabbath would record one final album and embark on one more tour. No matter what happens with the career of the legendary metal band, we hope Tony Iommi is playing his groundbreaking riffs for many years to come.
For much more from Iommi on his cancer battle, read the full interview with The Mirror here .
UPDATE: Tuesday, Jan. 19, 11:04 p.m. AEDT: Police have charged a 17-year-old boy with false representation resulting in a police investigation, according to a statement. It is alleged the teenager made threats on social media regarding the Opera House, leading to multiple police operations and the Opera House to be evacuated. Police also received information those responsible for the threats may be on a ferry.
A police operation has been undertaken at the iconic Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia on Thursday afternoon.
People were evacuated from the Opera House, but police have not confirmed the nature of the incident. Police also confirmed a second operation took place in the beachside suburb of Manly.
At 3:30 p.m. both operations concluded, police said in a statement. It appears they were linked to content on social media, no other information has been provided.
"Following information on social media, police conducted an operation in the vicinity of the Opera House and Manly as a precautionary measure," the statement said. "That police operation has now concluded."
Police cars file out from under the Sydney Opera House. @mashableAU pic.twitter.com/ZrLIYq6Vc9 — Johnny Lieu (@Johnny_Lieu) January 14, 2016
The Sydney Opera House have confirmed that all "venues, bars, restaurants & the Wilson Car Park are operating as usual" and that "tonight's performances will proceed as scheduled", according to messages on their Twitter account.
A metal fence manned by police and security guards had prevented people from getting in close proximity to the Opera House.
All Opera House venues, bars, restaurants & the Wilson Car Park are operating as usual... — Sydney Opera House (@SydOperaHouse) January 14, 2016
....Tonight's performances will proceed as scheduled https://t.co/p8WKjDXXWv — Sydney Opera House (@SydOperaHouse) January 14, 2016
At 3:30 p.m. it was removed, as a security guard told Mashable Australia they were in the process of reopening the venue. "Outside is open to public, but the Opera House itself is in the process of reopening," the guard said.
Despite the security alert, tourists continued snapping selfies of the famous sails.
A police op is currently underway in the #Sydney CBD & #Manly. As the operation is ongoing, no further info is available at this stage. — NSW Police (@nswpolice) January 14, 2016
News crews begin to gather as tourists wait alongside a fence erected outside the Opera House forecourt. @mashableAU pic.twitter.com/r5Qh0WkgAT — Johnny Lieu (@Johnny_Lieu) January 14, 2016
The Transport Management Centre confirmed to Mashable Australia the 1:20 p.m. ferry service from Manly to Circular Quay was cancelled, while the 1:40 p.m. service was delayed. All other transport is running as per usual.
The current scene at the Sydney Opera House. It's been evacuated due to a police operation. No further details yet. pic.twitter.com/URkmgMUogE — Mashable Australia (@mashableAU) January 14, 2016
Sydney Opera House forecourt closed off by police. pic.twitter.com/aJFLk4SNnq — Lisa Robinson (@lisarobinson85) January 14, 2016
No people on steps of Sydney Opera house due to Police clearing area! pic.twitter.com/qoxRgeNcJE — Scott Lilleyman (@scotty_rockstar) January 14, 2016
Tourists taking selfies outside a closed-off Sydney Opera House as police stand guard pic.twitter.com/6svkCyH4NI — Lisa Robinson (@lisarobinson85) January 14, 2016
UPDATE: Thursday, Jan. 14, 3:42 p.m.: Police confirm both operations have concluded.
UPDATE: Thursday, Jan. 14, 4:58 p.m.: Updated with Sydney Opera House's statement.
Web Extra: Water Main Break Gallery
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A water main break Thursday afternoon left a number of blocks in downtown Minneapolis underwater, turning rush hour traffic into a freezing, wet mess, detouring city buses, closing multiple buildings and restaurants, and canceling plays.
The break was caused by a development project around 2:30 p.m. at Hennepin Avenue and North 2nd Street, according to city officials. While the details aren't quite clear, crews at the scene apparently struck and ruptured a 36-inch water main responsible for delivering water to a major section of the city. As a result, about 14 million gallons of water flowed out into the streets.
Update: Mpls. Water Service Restored, Safe To Drink
The break closed the Hennepin Avenue Bridge along with West River Parkway, which is beneath the bridge. Mayor R.T. Rybak tweeted that Public Works was on the scene shortly after the break, and he encouraged people to avoid the area if possible.
Harold Tellberg, who lives near the scene, said he knew something had gone wrong when he turned on his faucet and hardly any water came out.
“There was just a trickle, so I knew something was wrong,” he said. “So I came outside to see what it was all about.”
The scene was surreal: Hennepin Avenue looked like a river, and was reportedly covered in up to three feet of water.
Ryan Companies, a commercial real estate firm, issued a statement Thursday afternoon saying it is investigating the cause of the incident and that its subcontractor, United Sewer and Water, was working on an apartment project when the rupture occurred. The project site, located on the corner of Hennepin and Washington Avenues, was evacuated and no injuries were reported. The amount of water in the site also moistened the earth, causing some heavy machinery to tip over.
Many buildings in the area reported loss of water pressure or loss of running water — some of those affected were as far as three miles away, near Lake of the Isles. But by 9 p.m., city officials said water pressure had been restored to most residents and businesses affected by the rupture. Officials also said the water is safe to drink.
City crews plan to work overnight to repair the water line, so water can be restored to about six building that are still without water service. Those buildings are located along 2nd Street North, from 3rd Avenue North to Hennepin Avenue.
Despite the mess of the situation, local resident Mike McKinley was able to keep his sense of humor.
“Our values now for the condos are going to go up, 'cause we got ocean view, so I think the prices are going to just soar,” he said.
Cancellations And Closings
Government officials said that all Hennepin County government facilities in downtown closed at 4:30 p.m. The Hennepin County Medical Center, however, remained open.
The Federal Reserve says it is asking all non-essential employees to stay home on Friday. The Fed will continue operation, but it is asking employees who can work from home to do just that.
The Minneapolis Central Library said it closed at 4:30 p.m. Check its website for information as to when it will reopen.
The Guthrie Theater announced on its website that Thursday night's performance of “The Servant of Two Masters” was canceled. The theater advised anyone with tickets to call the box office at 612-377-2224 or email boxoffice@guthrietheater.org Friday afternoon to exchange tickets. The Sea Change restaurant, as well as the Guthrie building, will remained closed for the rest of Thursday.
The New Century Theater canceled “A Don't Hug Me Christmas Carol” for Thursday night.
Many restaurants in the downtown area also closed, including Be'Wiched Deli, Black Sheep Pizza, Fogo de Chao, Haute Dish, Kindee Thai, The Local, Lotus, Origami, Rosa Mexicano, Seven, and Spoonriver.
“All the water just shut down, it was really slow flowing,” said Toom Nguyen of Louts. “We cook in the back, so we need that water flowing.”
Roads Closed
City officials released a statement Thursday night saying the following roads are closed, and will be reopened as quickly as possible:
–Hennepin Avenue from Washington Avenue to Wilder Street (on Nicollet Island)
— Second Street North from Hennepin Avenue to First Avenue North
— First Street North from Hennepin Avenue to First Avenue North
— First Street South from Hennepin Avenue to Marquette Avenue
— West River Parkway from Fourth Avenue North to Portland Avenue South
— First Avenue North is closed at Main Street (which normally flows onto the Hennepin Avenue Bridge)
The following blocks of street are only open to local traffic for the time being:
— First Avenue North from Washington Avenue to First Street North
— Second Avenue North from Washington Avenue to First Street North
— Second Street North, from Third Avenue North to First Avenue North
— First Street North, from Third Avenue North to First Avenue North
Bus Routes Detoured
Metro Transit said that multiple bus routes have been detoured due to the break. According the Metro Transit website, the routes are affected thus:
Route 4
Northbound: Hennepin, Washington, 3rd Ave. Bridge/Central, 4th St. SE, Hennepin Ave. E.
Southbound: Hennepin Ave. E, University, Central/3rd Ave. Bridge, Washington, Hennepin
Route 6
Northbound: Hennepin, Washington, 3rd Ave. S, University
Southbound: 4th St. SE, Central, Washington, Hennepin
Route 6U
Northbound: Hennepin, Washington, 3rd Ave. Bridge/Central, University
Southbound: 4th St. SE, Central/3rd Ave. Bridge, Washington, Hennepin
Route 7
Southbound: 1st St. N., 3rd Ave. N, Washington Ave., Hennepin, 4th St.
Northbound: 4th St, Hennepin, Washington, 5th Ave. N, 2nd St. N
Routes 10 and 17
Trips are detoured due to traffic congestion in downtown Minneapolis.
Buses will not run on Marquette or 2nd avenues north of Washington, but instead will run on 3rd Ave. S.
Route 11
Northbound: Nicollet, Washington, 3rd Ave. Bridge/Central Ave., 4th St. SE, 1st Ave. NE, 2nd St. NE
Southbound: 2nd St. NE, Hennepin, University, Central/3rd Ave. Bridge, Washington
Route 61 (detour in both directions)
Central, Washington, Hennepin.
Route 141
Northbound: Hennepin, Washington, 3rd Ave. Bridge/Central, 4th St. SE, Hennepin Ave. E
Southbound: Hennepin Ave. E, University, Central/3rd Ave. Bridge, Washington, 1st Ave. NE
Routes 671, 672, 667, 668 and 674
(Temporary downtown layover at 2nd St N/5th Ave N.)
Buses will travel on Washington, 5th Ave. N and 2nd St. N to the layover. From the layover, buses will travel on 2nd St. N, 10th Ave. N, and Washington Ave.
<NOSPAM>
Michael J. Gaynor has been practicing law in New York since 1973. A former partner at Fulton, Duncombe & Rowe and Gaynor & Bass, he is a solo practitioner admitted practicing in New York state and federal courts and an Association of the Bar of the City of New York member .Gaynor graduated, with Honors in Social Science, from Hofstra University's New College, and received his J.D. degree from St. John's Law School, where he won the American Jurisprudence Award in Evidence and served as an editor of theand the St. Thomas More Institute for Legal Research. He wrote on the Pentagon Papers case for theand obscenity law forand edited thecommentary on significant developments in New York law.The day after graduating, Gaynor joined the Fulton firm, where he focused on litigation and corporate law. In 1997 Gaynor and Emily Bass formed Gaynor & Bass and then conducted a general legal practice, emphasizing litigation, and represented corporations, individuals and a New York City labor union. Notably, Gaynor & Bass prevailed in the Second Circuit in a seminal copyright infringement case,, against newspaper and magazine publishers and Lexis-Nexis. The U.S. Supreme Court affirmed, 7 to 2, holding that the copyrights of freelance writers had been infringed when their work was put online without permission or compensation.Gaynor currently contributes regularly to www.MichNews.com www.PostChronicle.com and www.therealitycheck.org and has contributed to many other websites. He has written extensively on political and religious issues, notably the Terry Schiavo case, the Duke "no rape" case, ACORN and canon law, and appeared as a guest on television and radio. He was acknowledged in, by Stuart Taylor and KC Johnson, and, by Michelle Malkin. He appeared on "Your World With Cavuto" to promote an eBay boycott that he initiated and "The World Over With Raymond Arroyo" (EWTN) to discuss the legal implications of the Schiavo case. On October 22, 2008, Gaynor was the first to report thathad killed an Obama/ACORN expose on which areporter had been working with ACORN whistleblower Anita MonCrief.Gaynor's email address is gaynormike@aol.com .
When you think of attractive redheaded women, you're thinking Lindsay Lohan in her prime, Christina Hendricks in all her buxom glory, Nicole Kidman in a regal red-carpet pose–shall we go on? When you think of attractive redheaded men, you're thinking Prince Harry, you're thinking…um…yeah.
There's a stigma about male redheads. Redheaded women get the fiery, sexpot treatment while carrot-topped men are branded as pale weaklings or weirdos. Rebellious ginger Prince Harry has long been the exception, but London-based photographer Thomas Knights is out to “rebrand the ginger male stereotype.”
“Red Hot,” Knights' first solo exhibit spanning Amsterdam, London, and New York, depicts rust-hair gods smirking and smoldering in a series of shots against a cerulean background that only intensifies their ginger perfection. But don't think of this as a vanity project. As Knights, who is also a redhead, explains on his Facebook page:
In the UK and throughout the world, being ginger and male comes with many stigmas attached. Many are bullied at school and for some, even later in life. As far as I can see, no one has focused (or noticed) the huge, polarised gap between the way our society perceives red headed women (often the ultimate woman – think Jessica Rabbit) and red headed males (often emasculated and de-sexulised in film and TV – no Hollywood heroes, heartthrobs – few leading men). Essentially, what I'm doing is creating an exciting and revealing exhibition showcasing a positive outlook on the red-haired male.
Photo: courtesy of BOSI
“Red Hot” is currently showing at BOSI Contemporary through September 14.
Esports company ESL [official site] have partnered with Intel to found the AnyKey organisation. The group's aim is “supporting diversity in and around the competitive gaming industry.”
ESL goes on to add:
“The organisation's core goal is to create more opportunities and inclusive spaces, whilst advocating for the underrepresented members of competitive communities, such as women, LGBTQ participants, and people of colour.”
I've been perusing the information in my inbox and on the AnyKey website and the biggest thing for me is the emphasis being placed on research and then converting that research into strategies or solutions. So… a kind of esports diversity R&D lab?
I'm excited because the research side of things is going to be headed up by T.L. Taylor, whose work I think I've referenced a fair few times over the years. She's professor of Comparative Media Studies at MIT and currently writing a book about game live-streaming. Her book Raising the Stakes is one which lives on my shelf and sports all manner of underlinings and post it bookmarks.
I remember I interviewed her back in 2014 when I was working for Red Bull's esports site and asked what areas of pro gaming or esports she wanted to keep an eye or or investigate next. She replied “Two things continue to ping my radar: the state of third party organizations in the eSports ecology and the continued need for progress around gender and diversity.” From what I've read so far, AnyKey seems to fit that bill.
“The research team assembles and establishes discussion opportunities such as the “Women in Esports” panel and industry workshop with industry experts, and fields audience studies and more at events such as the Intel Extreme Masters San Jose, from which White Papers are published.”
The team charged with taking those findings and turning them into strategy or practice is headed by Morgan Romine, co-founder of the Frag Dolls and Esports Director for Firefall at Red 5 Studios.
I'm actually reading the AnyKey White Paper from IEM San Jose 2015 (that's the event in the header image) and there are a few interesting bits in there. One is that the women attending had significantly more experience with conventions and fan events generally so the idea is that non-esports conventions would be a place to reach prospective attendees. Another is about how friendship groups who game together are “often more gender-mixed than typically thought and one way of reaching and supporting women is through these. Group ticket packages, using promotional materials that “hail” this kind of mixed-gender friendship cohort for gaming, etc. could provide powerful messaging to bring more women in.”
AnyKey will have a presence at the upcoming IEM Katowice event which runs from 2-6 March. There will be a lounge (“a welcoming space for conversation, information exchange, and networking”) and the group is supporting the Intel Challenge CS:GO tournament for women.
Header image: ESL/Patrick Strack
Hello! Today is another Q&A day!
Brainstorm is one of the most used abilities in Weiss and with abilities that take cards out of the deck doubts could arise with timings of deck refresh. So, like in the other Tips or Tricks articles I'm going to show you some possible situations, showcasing some of the cards with this ability.
1.
Question: I have 4 cards left in my deck. I activate a brainstorm ability that “for each climax revealed search a character with some <trait> in my deck”. Do I refresh the deck first or am I unable to search 'cause the deck is empty? When do I take the refresh penalty?
(The answer is the same for all types of brainstorms, but here are all brainstorms that exist as of writing this article in English that let your search the deck without discarding any card – usually called a “search brainstorm”)
Answer:
– You reveal the 4 cards one by one and you put them in the resolution zone (a temporary zone for holding cards).
– The deck runs out so you shuffle it with your waiting room leaving the 4 cards out.
– Check the number of climaxes in them, put the 4 cards into the waiting room and search for the same number of characters in your deck (shuffling your deck afterwards).
– Then, in the end, you take the refresh penalty.
Explanation:
10.7.1. Brainstorm is a collective keyword which has the effect, “Reveal a specific number of cards from the top of your deck, and put them in your waiting room, and refer to the specified card information”. Independently, the keyword itself is not an ability, nor does it hold any special meaning for an effect. 10.7.2. “Brainstorm (effect)” is stated in event cards, while “ ACT Brainstorm [（cost）] （effect）” is stated on activated abilities, all containing the keyword “Brainstorm”. 10.7.3. The cards are moved from the top of the deck by an effect from a “Brainstorm” ability, should the designated cards be put to the waiting room, put them to the resolution zone in order, then put all of them to the waiting room at the same time.
3.13.1.4. When cards are put to the resolution zone by a Brainstorm ability (refer to section 10.7), they are put to the resolution zone temporarily before they are put to the owner's waiting room.
9.2. Resolving a Reshuffle
9.2.1. Resolving a reshuffle occurs when either player has no cards in his deck. This is an interrupt type rule action.
9.2.2. When there exists no cards in a player's deck, that player moves all cards in his or her waiting room and put it to his or her deck and shuffles it. After doing so, the player gains 1 refresh point.
2.
Question: What if the brainstorm salvages a character from the waiting room, and I have 4 cards left in the deck?
(cards that let you get cards from the waiting room with specific traits – also called “salvage brainstorm”)
Answer: It's the same as before, except you'll just have 4 cards in the waiting room to choose from. Don' t forget the 4 cards from the brainstorm are in the resolution zone when the deck runs out and that's why they aren't reshuffled with the deck.
3.
Question: What if I want to activate a brainstorm ability and there's just 1 card left in the deck?
(cards that let you get cards from the waiting room with specific traits and discard the same number of cards)
(cards that let you get cards from your deck with specific traits and discard the same number of cards)
Answer:
– You reveal the first card
– You shuffle your deck with that card outside (it's in the resolution zone)
– You reveal the additional 3 cards
– You check how many climaxes you got and put the 4 cards in the waiting room
– You search your deck for that many characters (or in the second situation you search in the 4 cards in the waiting room)
– If you have to discard cards like in the cards above, you discard cards equal to the number of climaxes you revealed.
– You put the top card of your deck in your clock as your refresh point resolves.
Explanation:
3.2.3. When multiple cards move from the deck zone to another zone at the same time, move cards one by one.
3.2.3.1. For any reason, should the current number of cards within the deck be less than the number required to be moved from the deck zoneto another zone, move all cards in the deck at present to the designated zone, resolve a refresh (refer to Section 9.2), and continue to move the remaining number of cards required to the designated zone.
There are a lot of different effects in brainstorms besides this search ones: search in the clock, give more power, more soul, draw cards, etc. These 3 first examples are valid for all of them.
4.
Question: In the following brainstorms where I have to discard cards, what happens if I get two climaxes in the brainstorm and I just have 1 card in my deck? (considering it's a searchable card per the effect). Do I get just one card? Do I still discard two?
Answer: Here, it's important to notice that the wording on the “Sinon” is different from all other brainstorms of this kind:
【ACT】 Brainstorm [(1)] Reveal four cards from the top of your deck, and put them into your waiting room. Search you deck for up to X 《Avatar》 or 《Net》 characters, reveal them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterwards. Choose X cards from your hand, and put them into your waiting room. X is equal to the number of climax revealed among those cards.
【ACT】 Brainstorm [(1)] Reveal four cards from the top of your deck, and put them into your waiting room. For each climax revealed, search your deck for up to one 《Magic》 character, reveal it to your opponent, put it into your hand, choose a card in your hand, and put it into your waiting room. Shuffle your deck afterwards.
In Sinon's case, you search all the cards (number of climaxes) at the same time. You just have one card to search, so you get only one. You must then discard two cards.
In the other cases you repeat the action separately for each climax: So you get the first card, your deck runs out, shuffle the deck, discard a card and then you repeat the action for the second climax. You search your whole deck for the second card, discard the second card and in the end you take the refresh penalty.
5.
Question: What if the brainstorm is on an event card or the number of cards to reveal is not 4. Is it the same?
Answer: Yes. It doesn't matter if it's 4 cards or not, or if it's a character or an event card. It still says “Brainstorm” so the process is the same.
Explanation:
10.7.2. “Brainstorm (effect)” is stated in event cards, while “ ACT Brainstorm [（cost）] （effect）” is stated on activated abilities, all containing the keyword “Brainstorm”.
There were some counters that I didn't mention in the Counters article, 'cause I was saving them for this article:
6.
Question: What if it isn't a brainstorm? What happens if a counter says to put the top 3 cards of my deck into the waiting room, and a just have 2?
Answer: You put the top 2 cards into the waiting room, then you refresh your deck. Then you put the third card into the waiting room. Don't forget to take the refresh penalty in the end.
Explanation:
3.2.3. When multiple cards move from the deck zone to another zone at the same time, move cards one by one.
3.2.3.1. For any reason, should the current number of cards within the deck be less than the number required to be moved from the deck zoneto another zone, move all cards in the deck at present to the designated zone, resolve a refresh (refer to Section 9.2), and continue to move the remaining number of cards required to the designated zone.
In this case, 'cause the card says “put the top three cards of your deck into your waiting room”, they're not going to the resolution zone: they are changing the zone from the deck directly to the waiting room. So in this case the cards are reshuffled with the rest of the deck.
7.
Question: These are counters too, but now it says “Brainstorm”. What's the difference ?
Answer: The big difference is, if you just have 2 cards in your deck, they're not in the waiting room when you interrupt to refresh: they are in the resolution zone, so they aren't reshuffled with the deck.
8.
Question: What happens when the cards say “Reveal the top card of your deck”, and the last and only card of my deck is a climax?
Answer: In these cases you reveal the card to your opponent but the card still counts as “in the deck”. There isn't a refresh when you resolve it, 'cause the deck didn't run out.
Explanation:
When revealing cards from the top of your deck, the card becomes visible to both players, and is still part of the deck. They also don't move to resolution zone.
This is kinda tricky here because of the use of the word “Reveal” in this kind of cards and the same use of the word “Reveal” in brainstorms. If we refer to the rules in the Heart of the Cards site, we find a little nugget of information:
Cards that are shown from the Library Zone via effects that move them to the Resolving Zone (“flipped over”) cause them to leave the Library Zone. (Translation note: While Heart of the Cards does, English edition does not distinguish between “flipped over” (‘mekuri') and “revealed” (‘koukai') cards. Both are translated on English Edition cards as “reveal”. Flipped over cards move to the Resolution Zone. Revealed cards do not move)
So, in the japanese cards, the brainstorm has the words “flipped over” instead of “Reveal” to differentiate that cards go to the resolution zone. The important thing here is noting that the ability “brainstorm” indicates that the cards go to the resolution zone. It's not the word “Reveal” that does that.
9.
Question: What about this next card? If I don't have the 5 cards, do I refresh and then add the other cards too?
Answer: Yes. The cards are put into the memory temporarily. This is to make the cards change their zone, so that if your deck runs out in the middle of the process, you still add the cards after the refresh until the 5 cards are put into the memory.
Explanation:
3.2.3. When multiple cards move from the deck zone to another zone at the same time, move cards one by one.
3.2.3.1. For any reason, should the current number of cards within the deck be less than the number required to be moved from the deck zoneto another zone, move all cards in the deck at present to the designated zone, resolve a refresh (refer to Section 9.2), and continue to move the remaining number of cards required to the designated zone.
This is exactly like situation 5 above. You're moving cards from one zone to another: in situation 5 it's into the waiting room and here it's into the memory.
10.
Question: I have a card that says “Look at up to X cards from the top of your deck”, for instance: “Look at up to four cards from the top of your deck”.
If I have just 1 card left in the deck, can I refresh my deck to look at the other cards?
Answer: No. You just look at the cards you have left in the deck. Don't forget it says “up to”, so even when you have more cards, you don't need to look at all 4. These cards are just examples of this situation and there are much more like them in various sets.
Explanation:
4.8. Looking at the Top of the Deck 4.8.1. “Look at (cards) from the top of (player's) deck” is an action for a player to look at the information of his or her card(s) from the top of his or her deck. 4.8.2. “Look at [number] cards from the top of (player's) deck” are actions that do not occur when [number] is 0 or lower. Should [number] be 1 or higher, the specified player must look at N cards from the top of his or her deck. In the case when the player looks at one card, it is written as “Look at the top card of (player's) deck”. 4.8.3. When an action is to “look at up to [number] cards from the top of your deck, this action is done in the following order 4.8.3.1. The specified player can end the process. 4.8.3.2. The specified player looks at the Xth top card of his or her deck, where X is equal to the number of times he or she has proceeded to 4.8.3.3. plus one within this sequence. 4.8.3.3. Within this sequence, should you perform 4.8.3.3 [number] times, this action
ends. If not, return to 4.8.3.1..
In this case the cards never leave your deck: you're just looking at them, and you're not even showing them to your opponent. The deck doesn't run out, and you won't reshuffle in the middle of the process.
So don't forget:
– Cards revelled with brainstorm abilities go into the resolution zone.
– If you're moving cards from one zone to another and your deck runs out, you refresh the deck, you carry on resolving the ability, and then take the refresh penalty.
– If you're just looking at cards from the deck, you're limited to the number of cards your deck has at the moment. The same happens if you're revealing cards from the deck (outside of brainstorm abilities), as they don't change zones either.
In the official site you've got an article about this too if you still have some doubts, so check it out.
Remember to check out the other Tips or Tricks for more tips on resolving tricky situations!
If you like these articles, share them with your friends and fellow players, or even give us a like on our facebook page.
Advertisements
The latest statistics from research firm Strategy Analytics peg Samsung's Galaxy S3 as the world's most popular smartphone model, holding 10.7 percent of the global smartphone market in the third quarter.
According to the research firm, Apple's iPhone 4S was relegated to a close second place with 9.7 percent of the market after two years at the top of the list, while the iPhone 5 held just 3.6 percent of the global share.
According to the figures, Samsung shipped 18 million Galaxy S3 units in the third quarter, up from 5.4 million in the second quarter, an increase of 230 percent.
Apple, meanwhile, shipped 16.2 million iPhone 4S handsets during the third quarter, down from 19.4 million in the second quarter, a decrease of 16 percent.
Apple also shipped 6 million iPhone 5 handsets during the third quarter since its launch in September. That said, Apple said on September 24 that it sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets in the first weekend alone, but as the third quarter typically ends on September 30, it tallies up with the research firm's estimates.
Strategy Analytics executive director Neil Mawston said in prepared remarks: "Samsung's Galaxy S3 has proven wildly popular with consumers and operators across North America, Europe and Asia."
He noted, however that while Samsung grabbed the smartphone share crown from Apple for the third quarter, the Korean smartphone maker will likely have to give it back in the run up to the December holiday season.
"The Galaxy S3's position as the world's best-selling smartphone model is likely to be short-lived. The Apple iPhone 5 has gotten off to a solid start already with an estimated 6.0 million units shipped globally during Q3 2012. We expect the new iPhone 5 to out-ship Samsung's Galaxy S3 in the coming fourth quarter of 2012 and Apple should soon reclaim the title of the world's most popular smartphone model."
Strong sales of the Galaxy S3 helped Samsung post a record third-quarter operating profit of $7.4 billion during the July-September months.
EXCLUSIVE: After Javier Bardem's terrifying Oscar-winning turn as the assassin in No Country For Old Men, is there any doubt he'd fit as the gunslinger Roland Deschain in The Dark Tower, the mammoth adaptation of the Stephen King 7-novel series that'll span three movies and a limited run TV series in between?
I'm told that Bardem has officially been offered the lead role by director Ron Howard and Universal Pictures. While formal negotiations haven't yet begun, there's a high level of enthusiasm internally that they've got their cowboy. Akiva Goldsman has scripted the first movie, and will write the TV component as well. Imagine Entertainment's Brian Grazer is producing with Goldsman and the author. Universal is financing and distributing the films, and NBC Universal Television Entertainment is backing the TV component, which will either be a limited run series or a miniseries.
It has been a heady week for Bardem. He received a Best Actor nomination for his performance as a terminally ill street hustler in the Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu-directed Biutiful, and Bardem and Penelope Cruz just welcomed their first son into the world. Since Deadline first revealed that King, Goldsman, Howard and Grazer were joining forces on the ambitious project that would tell the story on multiple platforms, speculation has been rampant over who'd play the lead role. Bardem has been mentioned, as has Viggo Mortensen and Christian Bale. Deschain is the last living member of a knightly order of gunslingers, and humanity's last hope to save a civilization that will fall unless he finds the Dark Tower. At the time, Howard and Goldsman told me they saw the trilogy as their answer to the Peter Jackson-directed adaptation of JRR Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Instead of Middle Earth, the venue has an old West feel, which Goldsman described at the time as “an alternate Americana, one part post-apocalyptic, one part Sergio Leone.”
Bardem just wrapped the untitled next feature by Terrence Malick.
Howard plans at this point to direct the initial film as well as the TV component that will create a bridge to the second feature. The plan calls for the original actors to headline the TV version as well. The second film will pick up where the first left off. That would be followed by a TV installment that would be a prequel that introduces Deschain as a young man. The third film brings back the original cast once again return and complete the screen trilogy. So if Bardem closes a deal, he'll likely appear in all three films and that first TV stint. Imagine's Erica Huggins will be executive producer with Kerry Foster of Weed Road. Bardem's repped by WME.
Let's start with the new hardware. TiVo Bolt will replace the base Roamio (and eventually the Plus), as a 4-tuner DVR that also works for OTA or just streaming TV. For those who prefer six tuners and a larger built-in hard drive, the Roamio Pro will stick around, but it doesn't have the Bolt's 4K or new features. Bolt loses the old analog video outputs and offers only an HDMI port -- no breakout cable either -- which shouldn't be a problem in 2015, but is worth knowing. It has the same integrated TiVo Stream features we dug on the Roamio, and it will work with the existing TiVo Mini boxes to extend the setup beyond your living room.
That funky arc shape isn't just there to stick out visually however, as VP Jim Denney told us it also allows the smaller box to vent from the bottom. It's a rather unique design, and in our short time using it the box stayed cool and quiet. The upgraded hardware is good for more than just pixel-pushing too, with apps and menus responding faster than ever. One tweak you'd almost miss? It still has the Roamio Pro's tiny Remote Finder button on the back, perfect for times when the RF-connected control has slipped between couch cushions somewhere. In general, things are the same as they ever were, including stuff like CableCARD setups, and transferring your Series Recordings via TiVo's sometimes-frustrating website. That's definitely one aspect that could use a 2015-style makeover to resemble modernized platforms like iOS, Xbox or Spotify.
The biggest changes however, are in the software. With "SkipMode" TiVo drops in a feature its old competitor ReplayTV, and more recently by Dish Network's "Auto Hop" DVRs. It works just like it sounds, when you're watching a recorded program, a green icon will pop up and prompt you to hit the "D" button to skip commercials. Easy, right? Right, but there are some limitations. TiVo is managing this by basically having people watch the programs on certain networks (the top 20 or so most popular, between 4PM and midnight) and mark where the actual show begins and the commercials end. Your Bolt downloads the information, and is ready for skipping at will shortly after the shows are recorded. You'll know which shows have commercials that can be skipped, because they've got a big green skip button in the guide now. The only bad news? SkipMode is not being ported back to older DVRs, but it should work on the Mini (as long as it's connected to a Bolt.)
We tried it out and everything worked without a hitch. TiVo's scheme covers the lions share of our primetime TV programming, and being able to easily skip commercials can make it easier to blow through shows quickly. In that same vein, TiVo is also adding QuickMode (unlike SkipMode, this will be available for the Roamio and Premiere), which lets viewers watch recordings sped up by 30 percent, but pitch corrects the audio so it doesn't sound any different. Many of you told us you listened to the old HD Podcast that way, and we can confirm, if you're bingeing on a series to catch up before the finale, it makes things go by faster without seriously compromising the experience.
What we didn't get a chance to try was the Bolt's Ultra HD chops, but according to TiVo it will have two 4K-ready apps at launch: YouTube and Amazon Netflix. At launch, it doesn't have a Hulu Plus app at all. That's an odd omission, but we expect it will be corrected quickly, now that Bolt is going all-in on HTML5-based apps. The menu has been tweaked slightly, and while that change won't be copied onto older hardware, Premiere and Roamio users can expect a guide update that adds more channel logos. Other software tweaks coming in a fall update will bring a personalized "What to Watch" section on iOS, better social sharing on Facebook and Twitter, and a slicker OnePass experience for TiVo Online -- but those aren't the features that piqued my interest.
Fall Updates Getting Personal – A Fall update will deliver new features to TiVo's iOS app that will allow you to create a personalized 'What to Watch' screen by selecting categories based on your hobbies and interests. Content matching your interests will then populate your 'My Shows' folder.
Share with Friends – TiVo is taking social sharing to the next level. This update will allow you to share a link to your favorite show with all your friends via email, Facebook, Twitter and more. Upon clicking on that link, TiVo will take your friends to a page on an iOS or Android device or on the Web indicating where they can watch that show.
TiVo Online – Creating OnePass selections will be easier than ever on TiVo Online with OnePass Quick Select. Upon updating, OnePass will include default options highlighting your favorite programs with a single click.
I think the best news of today is that TiVo will finally extend itself to other connected TV boxes. Its iOS app has AirPlay so owners can stream TV to Apple's box but most other devices are entirely left out. It would be better if TiVo created an app for the upcoming Apple TV, but there's no word on that yet. Right now, TiVo says it's working on an app for the Amazon Fire TV. It's not out yet, but when it launches you should be able to watch easily recordings from anywhere else in the home. With a little hacking people have already been doing just that, but official support is a move in the right direction. Making TiVo work smoothly with other devices would make the ecosystem much more valuable, and I hope it's just the start of a trend.
Bolt pre-orders start today online -- check the usual sources like Amazon (500GB/1TB) and Best Buy -- with shipments on October 4th, and units should reach retail shelves in the next week or so. The only difference between the two versions offered are the size of the 2.5-inch HDD inside, at 500GB ($299) or 1TB ($399), and both come with the first year of TiVo service included. Is that enough to get buyers away from cable DVRs or custom setups? By including the first year of service TiVo is taking some of the upfront pricing pressure off, which is a big reason why I haven't always recommended it right away. I'd like to see more work done on those apps for other connected devices (Roku, Xbox, PlayStation... Chromecast?) before making the switch full time, but if you're in the mood for an upgrade, the Bolt is a great option right out of the box.
Andrew Tarantola contributed to this report.
Vote Leave has consistently said it wishes to spend more of our own money on the NHS, when we get our net contributions back from the EU. Today they have added the wish to abolish VAT on domestic fuel. This is similar to the post Brexit draft budget I launched under the Conservatives for Britain banner earlier this year, which I reproduce for ease of reference below.
Conservatives for Britain continues the serialisation of its Brexit Manifesto by showing how a future Conservative government could use the £10bn we send to the EU which we don't get back to end austerity.
The UK currently hands over £19 billion to the EU every year. We get £9 billion back in services and the rebate which means when we Vote Leave we will be able to guarantee all the funding to farmers, universities and regional grants that currently come from the EU and still have £10 billion more to spend on our priorities like the NHS.
The Conservatives for Britain spending suggestions for the first post-Brexit budget include:
£1.1 billion for disability benefits to avoid controversial cuts
£800 million to train an extra 60,000 nurses a year to deal with shortages and excess agency staff
£250 million a year to provide an additional 10,000 doctors a year to deal with doctor shortages and to staff the seven day NHS well
£750 million a year on social care to offering better support for people in their own homes, and for more care home and respite care places.
£200 million to cancel hospital car parking charges
£400 million for dearer medical treatments not currently licensed by NICE, for example cancer treatments such as Proton Beam therapy and Meningitis vaccines
£1.9 billion to abolish VAT on domestic energy, energy saving materials, on converting existing dwellings and on carry cots, children's car seats and safety seats
£1.5 billion to keep Council Tax down by offering councils the money to pay for a discount on bills they issue
£900 million to remove Stamp Duty on the £125,000 to £250,000 band of home purchase
£500 million should be allocated to a local road fund to support local schemes to improve junction safety and flows, and to provide additional capacity and bypasses on busy roads in congested areas
Commenting, John Redwood said:
‘The UK currently hands over £19 billion to the EU every year. That's £350 million a week. If we Vote Leave we will be able to spend our money on our priorities like the NHS. We would have an extra £10 billion to spend allowing us to recruit thousands of new nurses and doctors.
‘We would be able to provide the latest cancer treatments that the NHS currently can not afford and provide extra money for people who are frail and need long term care. We would no longer need to make controversial cuts to disability benefits and we could scrap the tampon tax and the EU's VAT increases on green goods like solar panels.
‘Instead of sending billions abroad each year we should spend that money on improving our NHS and helping families by cutting unfair EU taxes. That's why the safer choice in this referendum is to Vote Leave.'
Massachusetts Republican and candidate running for John Kerry's Senate seat Gabriel Gomez is true billionaire tea party material. He's a guy who made most of his money in hedge funds, has good buddies in lofty financial circles, and hates anyone who isn't as extreme as he is.
Gomez became a TeaPublican rock star during the 2012 elections, when he appeared on various networks touting those horrid SwiftBoat OPSEC ads funded by pals of Mitt Romney.
He's a nasty sort. Snarky and unafraid to be a general jerk, just as he was here. Politico:
“I don't think there's anything more offensive,” Gomez said, according to a YouTube clip of the exchange, which took place after an event at a local Chamber of Commerce. “You know I've got four young kids, and they gotta sit there and gotta see an ad with their dad — who served honorably, talk to anybody I served with — whether as a pilot or as a SEAL, anybody I worked with. And for him to be as dirty and low, pond scum, like to put me up next to bin Laden, he's just gotta be called what he is. It's that simple.”
Oooo, someone's chain got yanked. Markey was having none of it:
“After spending the past week leveling completely baseless attacks against Ed Markey that were thoroughly debunked by Massachusetts newspapers and nonpartisan fact checkers, Gabriel Gomez has reached a new low,” Markey spokesman Andrew Zucker said. “Unfortunately for Gomez, his desperate attack will do nothing to distract from his opposition to an assault weapons ban and limits on high-capacity magazines, or his refusal to release his 2005 tax return that would reveal how much he pocketed from taking a questionable $280,000 tax break on his Cohasset home.”
Pond scum isn't as bad as it could get, I guess, but it speaks to the empty rhetoric of the right quite clearly.
WWE's History of Bullying (and silence) Rears Its Ugly Head
With recent news of Mauro Ranallo leaving the WWE and allegations of JBL's harassment, there needs to be a discussion on mental health, harassment and bullying in pro wrestling. Yet seemingly nobody in a position of power wants to talk about it
Charles Maniego Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 9, 2017
Amidst the post-Wrestlemania glow, the WWE saw several major storylines. Yes, the Undertaker likely wrestled his final match. This is now Roman Reigns' “Yard.” Kurt Angle is now Raw General Manager! Shinsuke Nakamura is on Smackdown Live! But those storylines may not be the most important news in sports entertainment's (ugh) the biggest traveling show.
Recently, WWE commentator Mauro Ranallo removed all his mentions of WWE on social media. The WWE, in turn, removed all mentions of Ranallo on their website. That ultimately was a nail in the coffin for Ranallo's career with the WWE. CBS Sports reported that Ranallo is not expected to return for the remainder of his contract. He had spent a little over a year with the company, serving as the lead announcer for the rebranded Smackdown Live.
For Ranallo, it was the culmination of an announcing career that had many stops along the way. In Ranallo's first WWE broadcast, he uttered, “the Boyhood Dream has come true,” referencing another famous pro wrestling moment. Working with the WWE was Ranallo's dream job, and he was slated to have a consistent role with the company going forward.
Prior to the public breakup of Ranallo and WWE, Ranallo was uncharacteristically silent on social media. Ranallo, usually very active with fans, did not tweet for several days. He missed several Smackdown Live airings. His first absence was explained as “travel troubles” due to a snowstorm. But Ranallo did not return for subsequent weeks. Ranallo finally broke his silence on March 24th, explaining that his doctor advised him to stay off social media. He missed Wrestlemania, which raised even more eyebrows. By then, the announcer's absence seemed permanent.
Ranallo's struggles with bipolar disorder are well documented. He has openly addressed his struggles, and seems comfortable discussing BPD in a light-hearted manner. He speaks at length about his mental health struggles with Ariel Helwani, calling himself “The Bipolar Rock and Roller” at one point.
So Ranallo's absence and subsequent departure from WWE TV has been widely speculated as stemming from his bipolar disorder. That's not even half of the story.
A History of Bullying
Professional wrestling has long-been rooted in machismo and a “boys club” mentality. Tales of wrestlers' road escapades and wild nights are as legendary as the wrestlers themselves. Watch any interview with an older wrestler. They will likely talk about “paying dues,” “respecting veterans,” and “making towns” in order to find success.
Jokes, or “ribs,” in wrestling speak — have been around as long as the genre itself. There have been tales of wrestlers shaving eyebrows, and lots of potty humor themed ribs. Some ribs may come across as silly jokes. Some escalate to hazing of the newest wrestlers. However, others escalate to straighten up bullying and harassment. Ironically, WWE has a partnership with Be a Star, with several WWE wrestlers advocating anti-bullying. Yet backstage, bullying and verbal abuse seems to still be an issue.
Enter John Layfield, known on WWE TV as JBL.
Layfield worked as an active wrestler for WWE from 1995 to 2009. Layfield had a history of “ribbing” in his time as an active WWE wrestler. Several former WWE contracted talents have commented about Layfield's aggressive nature, and his bullying, masked as “ribbing” of young talent. Layfield's peer torment has been the subject of rumor and speculation for years. Search “JBL” and “bullying” on YouTube. His backstage issues with several former WWE talents have been well documented. Some incidents happened over a decade ago, yet Layfield remained with the company throughout. Layfield is still with the WWE to this day, working as a commentator since 2012.
You would think that the 50-year old Layfield, no longer an in-ring performer, would have mellowed out by now, right? He hasn't. Layfield has been implicated as the catalyst for Ranallo's departure. The Wrestling Observer's Dave Meltzer was first in reporting issues between Ranallo and Layfield. The two were broadcast partners on Smackdown Live.
Meltzer referenced a rant in which Layfield mocked and belittled Ranallo for acknowledging winning the Wrestling Observer's “Best Announcer” award. This rant was seen on Bring It to the Table, a WWE Network show that featured Layfield and Peter Rosenberg in a Pardon the Interruption-style talk show. That may have been the straw that broke the camel's back — Ranallo's frustration with Layfield allegedly had been building for months. Subsequent reports by Meltzer further elucidated Ranallo's growing issues with Layfield's bullying. Several other people involved with the WWE have spoken with Meltzer privately on the situation as well, confirming Layfield's behavior.
A Social Media Storm
The backlash to Layfield has only escalated in recent days. Along with Ranallo's removal of his WWE affiliations, former ring announcer Justin Roberts recently released his autobiography, Best Seat in the House. Although mostly a positive career outlook, the autobiography received attention for its description on Layfield's constant antagonizing of Roberts. The most troubling accusation was of Layfield instigating the theft of Roberts' passport during an overseas tour. Roberts never had the passport returned, and went through a difficult process to obtain a new one — and make it to Arizona from London in time for a taping.
David Bixenspan expanded on the story for Deadspin, providing further details. Former WWE performer John Hennigan (known in WWE as John Morrison/Johnny Nitro) gave his account. Layfield asked Hennigan and his tag-team partner, Joey Mercury, to steal the passport on a flight while Roberts was sleeping. Layfield was harrasing them as well, and saw the stealing of the passport as an opportunity to end their own torment. Ultimately, they did not listen to Layfield's request. It was a fascinating account into the scope of Layfield's bullying and harassment of so many WWE employees.
Layfield has not commented on the Ranallo situation. Regarding the Roberts accusation, Layfield said the following…
That isn't doing him any favors.
So far, this story has been discussed ad nauseam throughout the pro wrestling side of the Internet. On Reddit's SquaredCircle, several posts on Layfield's history of bullying are featured on the front page. Yet, several major outlets have not addressed the Layfield bullying rumors. The WWE itself has not issued the allegations at all, and have never addressed Layfield's bullying incidents. Meltzer, regarded as the most trusted pro wrestling news source, said the following…
ESPN, Bleacher Report and numerous other news sources have remained silent on the situation. Several wrestling-centric news websites have not addressed the situation either, and may likely have connections to the WWE. ESPN's Jonathan Coachman, a former WWE employee himself, stated that ESPN “does not report on any rumors for any sport or company” in a reply to Meltzer. Here are links to ESPN's MLB, NFL and NBA Rumor Central.
Ironically, Coachman later confirmed that he would no longer be covering professional wrestling for ESPN.
There has been a rising sentiment for Layfield to be fired due to his years of bullying, especially with this most recent incident. In 2015, WWE Performance Center head trainer Bill DeMott was fired due to similar claims of bullying and abuse.
Even if Layfield remains with the company, there should at least be some explanation and public statement made by the WWE. Sometimes, the backstage stories of pro wrestling are more interesting than what's presented on screen. This is different. This is the accumulation of years of one's alleged bullying– and the lack of response to it.
A man with a serious mental health condition lost his dream job due to one person's persistent harassment and bullying. The instigator still has a job. Bullying, harassment, and mental health all need to be discussed in greater detail, especially in the wild world of pro wrestling.
Journalists and activists have been asking me this week about the news that the Obama administration is now considering whether to support the latest version of the FBI's "Going Dark" legislation. Here are some points to add to the discussion.
This is far from law currently. Nobody's even published any proposed text. Right now the White House is considering whether to back it, and now is a great time to help them understand how dangerous it would be for America.
Forcing backdoors in communication tools is a mandate for insecurity. Haven't they been paying attention to just how much these same systems are under attack from foreign governments and criminals? Did they not learn any lessons from the wiretapping scandals in Greece and Italy, where CALEA backdoors were used to surveil politicians, without law enforcement even knowing about it? You cannot add a backdoor to a communications system without making it more vulnerable to attack, both from insiders and from the outside.
The Justice Department is being really short-sighted here by imagining that the world is black and white. We've heard from people at the FBI, DEA, NSA, etc who use Tor for their job. If we changed the design so we could snoop on people, those users should go use a system that isn't broken by design — such as one in another country. And if those users should, why wouldn't criminals switch too?
In any case, it seems likely that the law won't apply to The Tor Project, since we don't run the Tor network and also it's not a service. (We write free open source software, and then people run it to form a network.)
The current CALEA already has an ugly trickle-down effect on the citizens of other countries. Different governments have different standards for lawful access, but the technology doesn't distinguish. So when the Egyptian general plugs in his telco box and sees the connector labelled "lawful access", he thinks to himself "I *am* the law" and proceeds with surveilling his citizens to stay in power. To put it bluntly, America's lawful intercept program undermines its foreign policy goals.
And lastly, we should all keep in mind that they can't force us to do anything. You always have the alternative of stopping whatever it is you're doing. So for example if they try to "force" an individual directory authority operator to do something, the operator should just stop operating the authority (and then consider working with EFF and ACLU to establish precedent that such an attempt was illegal). And so on, all the way up the chain. Good thing the Internet is an international community.
Sign up to get the latest news delivered to your inbox every week!
Let it go? Okay, bye.
With the success of Disney's animated musical "Frozen," fans have clamored for the sequel and sure enough, rumors surfaced online. "Veronica Mars" star Kristen Bell finally sheds light on speculations, shares that "Frozen 2" isn't officially a go yet.
In a report by Bustle, Kristen Bell who was the voice behind Anna in "Frozen" (2013) shared that while she is among the many who are excited about the sequel, she's sad to announce that there hasn't been concrete plans yet for "Frozen 2."
Advertisement
"They haven't green-lighted it yet," Kristen Bell said. "There is so much speculation, mostly because people have wanted it so bad. They've read into quotes or otherwise. They definitely have not green-lit it. I would really hope they do, as all of our cast members would love to be involved. We're twiddling our thumbs and trying to nudge them in the right direction."
Although Idina Menzel, who is the powerful voice behind Anna, shared late last year that Disney will develop the full-length sequel, she took it back the following month saying that she just assumed "Frozen 2" will happen because of the success of the first film.
Many reports online reveal casting and even release date rumors for the highly anticipated "Frozen 2." However, based on Kristen Bell's revelation, official development for the sequel has yet to be announced.
Although the musical film is already considered a franchise, as in numerous other media for "Frozen" has been created that includes Broadway stage musical adaptation and children's book publications, Disney has yet to confirm that a sequel is indeed in the works.
A short animated musical titled "Frozen Fever" is, however, set for a March release date and will showcase the beloved characters that fans are waiting for in "Frozen 2." While "Frozen Fever" is clearly not the sequel, Disney hopes that this short film will temporarily satiate fans worldwide as they wait for "Frozen 2" confirmation.
There's still hope of course. Stay tuned for more news on "Frozen 2" here!
Home > News > For Employees
City seeks election judges
The City Clerk's Office is gearing up for the 2016 election, and that means they need election judges. These paid positions offer an opportunity to provide an important service to our community and learn about the election process.
Election judges serve as the officials in local polling places on Election Day, opening and closing the polls, registering and signing in voters, distributing and collecting ballots, operating voting equipment, recording and certifying vote totals, and ensuring voters' rights are protected. The City needs election judges to work at polling places during the primary Tuesday, Aug. 9, and the general election Tuesday, Nov. 8, or on both days.
City employees are encouraged to work part-time or full-time shifts as election judges. You must request time off with your supervisor by filling out the “Request for Time off Work to Serve as an Election Judge” form, which you can also find on the on CityTalk. You can:
Serve up to an eight-hour shift as an election judge on Election Day and receive regular City pay for the hours worked.
Serve as an election judge for more than eight hours on Election Day and receive regular City pay for the eight-hour shift and then receive hourly election judge pay when you exceed an eight-hour shift. Minneapolis election judge pay is 13.30 per hour. (Please note: There is no overtime pay.)
Read frequently asked questions for City employees who want to serve as election judges.
Other opportunities to help
City employees are also encouraged to work other positions that offer different hours on Election Day. For example, absentee ballot runners travel to precincts to confirm that absentee voters are marked appropriately on the voting rosters; the election night drop-off support position checks in election materials after the polls close.
Spread the word
If you know of a qualified person seeking work, please let that person know about the election judge opportunity. Requirements for election judges:
Has U.S. citizenship and is eligible to vote in Minnesota.
Can read, write and speak English.
Attends an election judge training course.
Enjoys helping and serving diverse populations.
Has a strong understanding of and commitment to nonpartisanship.
Is available to work long hours.
Handles stressful situations calmly and professionally.
Pays attention to detail.
Has basic computer skills.
The City Clerk's Office especially needs judges who are fluent in a second language, including Spanish, Somali, Hmong, Vietnamese, Oromo, Lao, Russian or American Sign Language.
Election judges can still vote, either during voting hours they're not serving or ahead of time by absentee ballot.
More information
For more information about becoming an election judge, visit the City's election website, read the frequently asked questions or email [email protected].
Guatemala City, Guatemala (CNN) -- The death toll from the eruption of a volcano in Guatemala has risen to at least three people, an official said Friday.
Two villagers from El Bejucal and a reporter from CNN affiliate Noti 7 were killed as a result of Thursday's eruption of the Pacaya volcano, said David de Leon, a spokesman for the national disaster commission.
The three victims were crushed by rocks strewn by the volcano.
Pacaya, located about 18 miles (30 kilometers) south of Guatemala City, began spewing ash and soot Thursday evening.
Ecuador eruption closes airport
Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared a state of calamity for 15 days and called for calm as the eruption spread ash over the capital, prompting evacuations and shutting down the city's international airport.
Four people were missing as evacuations continued, the president said.
At least 1,800 people have been placed in shelters after four villages near the volcano were evacuated, de Leon said.
The runway at La Aurora International Airport -- the third busiest airport in Central America in terms of passenger traffic -- was covered with ash and was closed Friday, Colom said.
About 25 percent of the airport's daily flights had to be diverted to alternative airports after La Aurora was closed Thursday evening, said Monica Monje with Civil Aeronautics.
The states of Guatemala, Escuintla and Sacatepequez were the hardest hit. Classes were canceled Friday in Escuintla and Guatemala states, Colom said.
A slight rain that fell over the area mixed with the ash, hindering visibility.
Alejandro Estrada Garcia, a 21-year-old student in Guatemala City, filed a CNN iReport detailing his difficulties.
"I was returning from the university," he said. "It was really hard to drive because the ash was coming down with a bit of rain, so it was kind of muddy and really hard to get off the windshield. I drove with my window open so I could see."
Said iReporter Josue Rendon: "The scene was chilling. All night, it was raining sand!"
The volcanic ash led to some traffic mishaps, Rendon said.
"The houses in Guatemala City were not damaged, but all the streets are filled with sand," he wrote in English. "Have been reported several traffic accidents due to skidding of cars."
Another iReporter expressed his concern. Luis Morales, 27, said he lives in a Guatemala City neighborhood called Villa Hermosa, about 10 miles from the volcano.
"I'm worried for all the families that remain at the volcano area," he said.
iReporters are CNN viewers who share their images and stories.
Pacaya had been dormant for a century until 1965, when it erupted again. It has been active since.
Its summit has an elevation of 8,373 feet (2,552 meters).
Pacaya was the first of two volcanoes to erupt in Latin American since Thursday.
Ecuador's Tungurahua volcano, which has erupted periodically since 1999, came to life again Friday. Residents of two nearby villages were evacuated, but there were no reports of deaths or injuries.
CNN's Gustavo Valdes and journalists Bertha Ramos-Rodriguez and Alexia Rios Hayashi contributed to this report.
Nearly a dozen states are readying for the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which provides insurance to low-income children, to run out of funding, according to a report from The Washington Post.
Five states are at risk of running out of funding for their individual programs by late December, according to the report. Other states reportedly have enough money to keep their programs afloat for a few more months at least.
ADVERTISEMENT
The program provides health coverage to roughly 9 million low- and middle-income children.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid have awarded around $607 million in redistributed funds to states and U.S. territories after states asked for funding to hold them over temporarily.
Legislation aimed at funding the program for five years passed the House earlier this month, while the Senate Finance Committee passed a bipartisan, five-year CHIP extension, but hasn't yet released offsets.
The report comes after Congress missed a deadline to extend funding for the program in September, putting the program, which enjoys bipartisan support, at risk of running out of money for the first time since its conception roughly 20 years ago.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
... three ... two ... life's too ... competition among e cigarette smokers is heating up ... contest called cloud competitions are being held across the U S ... like this one in Plano Texas for papers Carnival of the biggest buyer ... and they're basically ... in reverse ... low clouds again ... all of these competitors clicking klao chases after and six ... at home already ... a really big B drifted ... into one of the ... L A Auto don't let the pro ... that every little or as the ... elves so far about it and it was a lot of that has helped ... dopo to melt a little bit of ... through the stream it here ... the story hasn't turned out any full-time protest at least not yet ... it's Deathly money to the gate ... some of the answer offered prices above two thousand all ... it's ... a pain for either the competition to somebody else ... so ... always of ... not everyone is still finds ... some papers in the competition should stigmatize cigarettes which are already EPCC confessions by taking a ... liking devices set of tools to quit smoking ... the car chases are totally hooked on her heart ... some say competing is actually helped them stay away from real cigarettes ... we celebrated and most of us ... and the message from ... among these men ... Ch ... I ...
It's a scene from another time. Young soldiers standing with an old rifle in their hands staring at the no-man's land in front of them for months, sometimes years. Fatigue, boredom, loneliness and fear. Contrasting feelings mixing up with the heat of summer or the ice cold of winter. That is what I witnessed in my visits to Karabakh over the last several years. I remember meeting a boy from Yerevan in a military base in Martuni, next to the frontline. After we spoke for a couple of minutes, he smiled to me and my colleague and said, “I will never forget you.” I wonder how immense his solitude must have been to say something like this.
Only time looks frozen at this frontier of Europe, not the conflict. Soldiers know that the tranquility on the front may last long, but it's just an illusion. Hundreds of lives were lost during the Four Day War last April and in other escalations over the last few years.
In Karabakh you can see kilometres of trenches running parallel along the front, reminiscent of the ones during the Great War one hundred years ago. For a European observer, this comparison is impossible to ignore. If today we don't have the human wave attacks that cost countless victims at that time, it's also true that the Karabakh conflict lasted longer – more than 25 years – and is still far from a resolution.
As an Italian, I find it painful to see how trenches that look identical to those used in the Alps during the war described by Pope Benedict XV as an “useless slaughter” still exist. Analysts and media tend to insist on the geopolitical implications of the Karabakh conflict, often underlying how this small-scale confrontation could erupt one day into something bigger, with a possible domino-effect for neighbouring countries. But this is just one aspect of the conflict, and not the most urgent. Largely ignored by the international community, the conflict is also a long-lasting humanitarian crisis. An issue that, until the present day, nobody really wanted to address. Not even after the April War, and this despite several announcements made by European politicians one year ago.
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Not long ago, Sinovation Ventures founder and robotics expert Lee Kai-fu questioned Taiwan's ability to compete in the artificial intelligence sector, sparking an uproar in academic and industrial circles and fierce debates online.
But he raised some valid questions. Is there any way for Taiwan to capitalize on the approaching AI wave, and what are Taiwan's strengths and weaknesses in the field? The 2017 Computex Taipei, at which artificial intelligence was one of the featured themes, provided some clues to the answers to those questions.
Some of them came from one of the standard-bearers of the AI revolution, visual computing technology leader Nvidia Corp., which sponsored an AI Forum at the show.
Because Nvidia has rolled out new GPUs (graphics processing unit) capable of supporting the processing speed and power needed for AI operations, Nvidia shares have risen 6.5-fold over the past two years, and the company's market capitalization has reached US$85.9 billion, not far off from that of mobile phone chipset king Qualcomm Inc.
That's why the speech of Nvidia founder and CEO Jensen Huang caused such a commotion before he even uttered a word. The conference room where the AI Forum was being held was completely packed a half hour before Huang was scheduled to speak, and high-tech heavyweights including Advantech Co. Chairman K.C. Liu, Inventec Corp. Chairman Richard Lee and former science minister Shyu Jyuo-min were all in attendance.
“The robot is arguably the ultimate AI,”
“Over the last 30 years, we've benefited from what is called Moore's Law where semiconductor process technology continued to advance and we got 50 percent more transistors every single year. Meanwhile microprocessor architecture continued to advance, taking advantage of those 50 percent more transistors every single year so that the performance continued to increase,” Huang said.
“Unfortunately, those two dynamics have come to an end,” said Huang, dressed all in black, as he spelled the demise of Moore's law. Microprocessor performance, he said, “has slowed down to just 10 percent per year.”
But Huang argued that GPU computing is changing the equation by improving performance exponentially, helping achieve unbelievable “speed-ups” in deep learning and AI applications.
“The growth of deep learning enabled by GPUs has resulted in what is now called ‘the AI revolution,'” he said.
In the AI realm, Huang presented Nvidia's brand-new robotics development platform based on its Jetson TX2 embedded AI supercomputer.
“The robot is arguably the ultimate AI,” he declared.
Beyond making products smaller and more energy-efficient, the platform also enables robot developers to conduct large volumes of simulations and train robots in a virtual reality environment. It eliminates spending on hardware for product testing and works much like AlphaGo, which improved its Go skills by first playing millions of games against itself.
An even bigger attention-grabber was Nvidia's Taiwan-made advanced data center GPU that runs on chips produced by TSMC's newest 12 nanometer process and uses TSMC's Cowos chip stacking technology – the Tesla V100 Accelerator. It not only has the world's most sophisticated GPU, it introduced “tensor cores” that Nvidia says enable the unit to break speed barriers for deep learning performance.
Perhaps the product most relevant to Taiwan is the open source HGX-I hyperscale GPU accelerator, jointly developed by Nvidia and Microsoft to meet surging demand for AI computing in the cloud. The system has eight Tesla V100 GPUs that can communicate with each other simultaneously and increase its overall computing efficiency.
Huang announced at the Forum that the HGX architecture has been adopted by the four leading server manufacturers in Taiwan – Foxconn, Inventec, Quanta Computer, and Wistron – and they will use the architecture to supply servers to data centers all over the world.
He compared the phenomenon to the last time “Microsoft partnered with somebody to create a standard chassis” when it developed the ATX motherboard in 1995.
“It allowed all of us to focus on one basic chassis and continue to innovate on that chassis, driving its performance up, adding more features, and driving the cost down,” Huang said. “It made it possible for the PC revolution to happen,” just as he is hoping the HGX architecture will lead the AI revolution.
While Intel's CPU was a bedrock of the PC explosion, this clearly ambitious Taiwan-born entrepreneur is hoping to assume Intel's mantle as the computing industry undergoes a paradigm shift and set industry standards for data centers with GPUs at their core. He also hoped Taiwanese vendors will continue to play their roles as contract manufacturers.
It would be history repeating itself. When Microsoft and Intel joined forces to create a personal computer platform, it triggered a global personal computer revolution, with Taiwanese manufacturers building the hardware. But because of that division of labor, Taiwanese manufacturers have long been relegated to the bottom of the value chain, gnawing on bones while the two high-tech giants ate meat.
Advantech Chairman Liu argues that the current situation may be different.
“Comparing with the PC contracting of the past, the contracting today is a different game. In the past it was consumer-driven, but today much of it is within vertical supply chains and has higher value and the fields are broader,” Liu said, referring to vertically structured fields such as autonomous cars or smart factories.
As somebody who has turned Advantech into Taiwan's industrial computer leader, Liu believes Taiwan's high-tech hardware vendors still offer considerable value in the AI era.
Taiwan Missing from the TPU Pack
Perhaps of concern to Taiwan is that Nvidia has yet to consolidate its perch atop the AI computing field. The new chief technology officer of Intel's Artificial Intelligence Product Group, Amir Khosrowshahi, called out Nvidia and its reliance on GPU architectures for neural networks that promote machine learning.
“There is so much circuitry in a GPU that is not necessary for machine learning…this is crud that has accumulated over time, and it's a quite a lot of stuff,” he was quoted as saying by tech website ZDNet.
Among the approaches Intel has come up with is a discrete accelerator called “Lake Crest” that Khosrowshahi told ZDNet is more faithful to the architecture of neural networks.
“It's a tensor process. It deals with instructions that are matrix operations,” Khosrowshahi said, explaining the concept behind the “tensor processing unit” (TPU), in which the multiplication of matrix elements create operations at a far higher-level than the “element-by-element” multiplication used in GPUs.
To many in the industry, Google has set the bar high with its first TPU that supports Google's own open source TensorFlow machine learning and artificial intelligence software. By making it open source, Google is hoping to accelerate the advance of the technology.
What's clear is that some of Taiwan's venerable high-tech stalwarts have gradually lost the appetite for risk and adventure they once had when faced with a new technology wave, meaning that Taiwan's AI future may be in the hands of startups.
The IC design field has also jumped into the AI fray. Johnny Shen, the president of Alchip Technologies, which specializes in IC design services, says startups in China, Japan and Israel are working on IC designs for artificial intelligence applications. But because the threshold for entry in the field is high, with development costs capable of reaching US$50 million, “Taiwanese companies have taken a conservative approach and most of them are still in a wait and see mode,” Shen says.
AI has been recognized within the tech sector as the next big thing after the smartphone, and it presents an excellent opportunity for an upgrade of Taiwan's high-tech industry. So why are major Taiwanese IC design players like MediaTek Inc. and Sunplus Technology Co. unable to keep pace?
“In fact, Taiwanese vendors were already looking at this a few years ago, but whether or not they have the ability to do this is another question,” says Hung Shih-hao, a professor in National Taiwan University's Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering. Hung specializes in cloud computing and has been sought out by several Taiwanese companies for help in the field.
Hung says that to create software accelerators for sophisticated machine learning, “the threshold is quite high, much higher than the threshold for mobile phone chips in the past.”
An analyst at a foreign brokerage contends that MediaTek is the only Taiwanese IC design house with the resources to invest in AI chip development, but because mainstream applications such as autonomous vehicles are just getting started, the market scale remains too small to pique its interest.
Taiwanese companies are accustomed to being late movers, the analyst says, so they are naturally reluctant to jump into the field at this stage of development.
What's clear is that some of Taiwan's venerable high-tech stalwarts have gradually lost the appetite for risk and adventure they once had when faced with a new technology wave, meaning that Taiwan's AI future may be in the hands of startups.
At this year's Computex Taipei, a company created by a group of NTU Information Engineering veterans – Thingnario Ltd. – made a splash with its focus on B2B vertical applications for AI and deep learning. Their platform can use monitors to collect data in a vertical market and then use algorithms to predict the energy consumption of a factory's machines, motors and generators and when machines need to be maintained.
“Industrial applications are high-mix, low-volume in nature. Taiwan has an industrial chain, so this B2B model is building on Taiwan's past strengths,” says NTU Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering professor Winston Hsu, whose specialty is machine learning and AI.
Hsu observes that Taiwan cannot match what companies like Baidu and Google are doing as their point of entry in the AI field. “But it can be like European countries, where although the domestic market is relatively small, they can master technologies and applications in specific industrial fields.”
As Hsu says: “This is the direction Taiwan can go in. There are still a lot of opportunities out there.”
Translated from the Chinese by Luke Sabatier
Portrait Name Profile
Zeid (Zeidreese) A nobleman from the Duchy of Redessa, a territory of the Kingdom of Meleda. With the Lord Asral entrusted to him by his late father, he must confront a terrible fate. The hero of this story.
Atol (Atolfis) The Princess of Medla and the Star Priestess of Vesta. Has the Princess's Charisma and Priestess's Blessing skills and can heal allies with sacred staves. The heroine of this story.
Zechs (Zechsrias) Zeid's brother, a hero to the Meledans. Serves as the acting commander of the Meledan military in place of his late father. He was engaged to Princess Atol by orders of the king.
Garland An earl from the Duchy of Redessa with a tactical acumen. Although he was his brother's right-hand man, after their defeat, he journeys with Zeid as his assistant. As a tactician, he makes cool-headed judgements, but he's a complex person who sometimes shows an emotional side.
Troy A horseback knight from the Duchy of Redessa, nicknamed Troy the Gale. He dedicated his sword to Zeid and is a loyal knight who fights by his side. With his high movement and Adept skill, he can cut through battlefields with ease.
Banacel An armoured knight from the Duchy of Redessa and a reliable big brother figure. He serves as the knight brigade's shield alongside his buddy, Prody. With the Shieldbearer and Wrath skills, he excels at counter-attacking.
Prody A young footsoldier from the Duchy of Redessa, who serves as the knights' shield with Banacel. People generally see him as a plain type of person, but he's a hard worker who's excited about the future. Additionally, his Adjacent Bodyguard skill is invaluable for improving defence while moving in formation.
Jan A woodcutter who's a member of the Lucca Village Vigilantes. He's a big-hearted person who's only interests are eating and sleeping. He's capable with the axe and has the Axe Defence skill.
Ash A woodcutter who's the leader of the Lucca Village Vigilantes. He's quick to argue and hates losing, but has a caring and gentle side. It seems he has a childhood friend who lives in a mountain village to the north…?
Dune A hunter who's a member of the Lucca Village Vigilantes. He's an abandoned orphan whose parents are unknown. Due to certain circumstances, he was raised by the village chief. While hunting, he's adept at hiding in the grass and ambushing prey.
Alicia A neat and tidy cleric who's staying in Lucca Village. Perhaps because of some deep reason, she hardly talks about herself. She's a kind-hearted girl who's admired by the village for her healing abilities.
Haldia A swordsman from the mainland who's now a mercenary serving the Garakia Bandits. He possesses a swordsmanship that's clearly different from that of the Meledans. Possesses the Adept and Psych Up skills.
Meredy A knight from a foreign nation met along the journey. She's still a novice knight, so her skills are unrefined. However it's possible that she has a hidden talent, which will allow her to blossom into an exceptional knight.
Cezar A handsome treasure hunter on a journey to seek ancient treasures (or so he says). Appears to be a pauper at first glass, but he's strangely able at gathering wealth. Despite his words, he's a caring fellow and has a weak spot for the princess types.
Sheila An aboriginal girl who resides in a mountain village. Excellent with the bow. She hails from an exalted family, but ran away from home because she longed for the city. Afterwards she met up with Zeid and the others. Since she trained in hiking, she has legs like an antelope.
Zayed A gladiator from the Kingdom of Sphere who barely escaped with his life. He was saved by Sheila's grandfather and lived peacefully as a woodcutter in Yapa Village. He travels together with the chief's granddaughter, as her guardian, to repay his kind favour. He's a man of few words, but dependent and honest.
Caesar A nobleman from Fral, a territory of Meleda, and Zeid's best friend since childhood. He studied at the Vesta Shrinedom to assist the mage knights. In addition, he can protect himself from attacks with his Magic Shield.
Asran A member of the Vesta Shrinedom's prized elite knight squadron. Leader of the “Grunadler” Sky Knights. She's adored as the big sister among the other girls in the squadron. She is trusted as Pontifex Neylea's confident.
Air A knight who serves the Vesta “Grunadler” Sky Knights. Despite her youth, she's a sensible “chairman” type. Because her parents were clergymen, she is a devout believer. One of the Grunadler's vice-captains.
Luvina A knight who serves the Vesta “Grunadler” Sky Knights. She's a novice knight who joined 2 years ago. Air and her are a year apart, but her mental age is much lower. She seems like the princess type, but is scary when angered.
Lytton The governor of the Republic of Venecia and Zeid's brother-in-law. He has a great understanding of Zeid and supports him both openly and secretly. He aims to reform the corrupt republic, which has created many enemies for himself. At home, he's a good husband and father.
Beatrice Zeid's elder sister and the governess of the Republic of Venecia. She married Lytton in place of Zeid's mother. A kind and intelligent woman, but her heart aches after her only daughter was chosen to be a priestess.
Tyron The chief of the 1000-strong Garakia Bandits. He's managed to rapidly expand his territory by taking advantage of the political corruption within Venecia. Now he intends to become the big chieftain who rules over the majority of Venecian territory. Despite being cruel and cunning, he has a friendly and caring side as well.
You Will Need:
Epsom Salts
Rubbing alcohol or another high proof alcohol like vodka or brandy (the higher the proof the hotter the fire will be, keep that in mind)
A blend of herbs and resins (optional)
Measuring Cup
Long handled match
Heatproof pad, stone, or surface
Sand (for smothering the fire in an emergency)
Fire extinguisher
Measure equal amounts of epsom salts and and alcohol into the cauldron. The amounts MUST be equal, do not guess or simply pour alcohol over the salt without measuring. The epsom salt serves to slow the burning of the alcohol and if they are out of proportion the flames can burn very high and become quite dangerous. Be sure not to overfill your cauldron, the cauldron should still be mostly empty even after all of your ingredients are in it.
If you're using an herbal mix you can either mix it in with the salt before putting everything into the cauldron or simply sprinkle it over the salt and alcohol in the cauldron. Burning incense mixtures like this can be a lovely way to give offerings to gods and spirits or it can simply be used for magical workings.
Place the cauldron on your heatproof surface.
Light the long handled match and touch it to the mixture. It will catch fire immediately and the flames will be almost silent, unlike wood fires. The tops of the flames will reach higher than the lip of the cauldron, as long as you've built your fire in a safe location this is nothing to worry about.
The fire will burn until the alcohol has been burned away entirely, generally it will burn for only a few minutes.
DO NOT place more alcohol on the fire while it is burning and do not leave it unattended.
Now, on to the many uses of the cauldron fire!
Herbal Elixirs
Instead of adding the herbs directly to your fire they can be steeped in the alcohol. Be sure to use only non-toxic herbs when combining them with fire, inhaling smoke or vapors from certain herbs can be quite toxic.
The process of steeping is very simple, simply fill a small jar with loosely packed herbs, cover the herbs with your alcohol and screw the lid on tightly. Allow the mixture to sit for a week or more. When you're ready to use it, strain the herbs out and burn the alcohol in your cauldron.
Love Elixir
Burn to attract new love or strengthen existing loves.
Basil
Jasmine
Rose petals
Lavender (for same-sex love)
Vodka
Money Drawing Elixir
Burn to attract wealth, success and luck in business matters.
Alfalfa
Bay Leaves
Thyme
Bourbon or Rum (the higher quality the better)
Good Luck Elixir
Burn for luck in all matters.
Pau Gasol Sáez, better known as Pau Gasol, was born on July 6, 1980 in Barcelona, Spain. After playing for the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies for seven seasons, he was traded to the league's top-tier Los Angeles Lakers. He was named NBA Rookie of the Year in 2002, and is a two-time NBA champion with the Lakers. Gasol carried the Spanish flag for his country's contingent during the 2012 Olympic Summer Games in London.
At age 12, watching the original Dream Team on television win the Olympic Gold Medal during the 1992 Barcelona Games provided Gasol's first exposure to American NBA players.Gasol initially planned to become a doctor, and attended medical school at the University of Barcelona for one year, but an opportunity to play professional basketball changed his life.
Born on July 6, 1980 in the Sant Boi de Llobregat area of Barcelona, Spain, Pau Gasol Sáez (later known as Pau Gasol) grew up in a sports-oriented family. He has two younger brothers, Adria and Marc. Marc played center with Gasol's former team, F.C. Barcelona, in Spain. Both Gasol's mother Marisa, a medical doctor, and father Agustí, a hospital administrator, played second-division basketball in Spain.
NBA Career
Gasol was drafted third overall in the first round of the 2001 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks. However, before he could wear a Hawks uniform, draft rights were traded to the Memphis Grizzlies. During his first season as a pro, Gasol became the first European player to be named "NBA Rookie of the Year," and was also named to the league's All-Rookie First Team. He finished that year first among all rookies in key categories such as scoring, rebounds and field goal percentage.
Gasol is often compared to European NBA players Toni Kukoc (Croatia) and Dirk Nowitzki (Germany) for his scoring and rebounding prowess, as well as his quick adjustment to the more aggressive American style of play. In 2006, in a career first, Gasol was selected to play in the NBA All-Star Game as a reserve center for the Western Conference. He was the first Spanish player and first Grizzlie to make an appearance in the All-Star Game.
In 2008, after seven seasons with the Grizzlies, Gasol was traded to the high-profile Los Angeles Lakers in a complicated package deal that included other players, future first round draft picks and draft rights for trading his younger brother, Marc Gasol, to the Memphis Grizzlies.
Establishing a quick relationship with Lakers superstar Kobe Bryant, Gasol helped the team finish the regular season with the best record in the Western Conference, 57-25. His quickness and shooting ability helped the Lakers land a spot in the 2008 NBA Finals, which they lost in six games against the Boston Celtics.
Gasol speaks three languages—Catalan, Spanish and English—and has continued his international basketball profile. He played with the Spanish national team at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, finishing sixth overall. Playing with his brother, Marc, he led Spain to a silver medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. He also won a gold medal with Spain during the 2006 FIBA World Championships, and was named MVP of the tournament.
A few years ago, Mark Zuckerberg's former roommate Chris Hughes cashed in some Facebook stock to buy the perpetually money-losing The New Republic.
Until the last decade, The New Republic had been a tour de force kept aloft by Marty Peretz's amazing ability to juggle marrying a rich heiress while mentoring the intellectual blossoming of a long line of bright young men going back to the 17-year-old Al Gore. Peretz promoted both Israel and gay marriage (Andrew Sullivan launched World War G with a 1989 article in TNR about a gay man getting to inherit his boyfriend's rent-controlled apartment without having to pay the market rate).
But eventually Marty couldn't keep all those balls in the air. Here's a 2011 summary of Marty's life in exile in Israel.
At the time, Hughes seemed like a good fit for TNR: rich and gay, even if goy. But, unlike Marty who had the good sense to marry a rich woman, Hughes gay-married a poor man, but one with expensive political ambitions, all of which have so far flopped.
About the time recently when it was announced that Ezra Klein's clickbaity Vox (along with other media properties) was supposedly worth $400 million, Hughes decided to dump Peretz-era editor Franklin Foer (brother of the prominent novelist) and Old Testament Prophet-in-Residence Leon Wieseltier and bring in some tech-savvy clickbait experts.
This triggered massive resignations from Peretz-era staffers. Commenter BenjaminL notes this funny piece from Peretz-era alumnus Dana Milbank in his Washington Post column excoriating Hughes:
The same day the article appeared, Hughes lashed out in a group e-mail to staff because senior editor (and former Post reporter) Alec MacGillis had dared to propose writing a piece about Apple avoiding taxes just after Apple's Tim Cook had come out of the closet. Hughes shot back that “Apple has acted squarely within the law” and that MacGillis's argument would be “tone deaf.” MacGillis quickly backed off, but Hughes did not, writing twice more to defend Apple's tax strategy and to call Cook “incredibly heroic” for coming out.
Like I've been saying, even though the culturally dominant coalition of the fringes thinks it can steamroll any resistance through sheer weight of its demographics, wealth, and networks of power, it itself is riven with inevitable jealousies and hatreds. For years, Marty Peretz kept his gays and his Jews from clawing each others eyes out (in part by inspiring them to agree on how much they couldn't stand their boss), but this kind of coalitions are naturally fractious.
Meanwhile, liberals who weren't on Marty's payroll like that scintillating genius TN Coates are denouncing the Old TNR for its bravest and best accomplishment of recent years, the article that has held up best scientifically and morally of all TNR's output of the 1990s: it's 1994 cover story by Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray introducing The Bell Curve. But in a sign of the growing anti-science backlash of respectable opinion, 15 staffers such as Wieseltier demanded to write their own innumerate condemnations of The Bell Curve, with only Sullivan and, to a lesser extent, Peretz standing up for their own cover story. For example, here is a response with the honest-to-God title “Neo-Nazis!” by Jeffrey Rosen and Chuck Lane.
If the innumerates had had the good sense to not humiliate themselves publicly by denouncing TBC, think how much more productive American intellectual discourse would have been over the last 20 years.
The 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix (formally known as the 2014 Formula 1 Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix)[1] is a Formula One motor race that was held at the Yas Marina Circuit on 23 November 2014. The race was the nineteenth and final round of the 2014 season, the 916th World Championship race, and marked the sixth running of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Double points were awarded for the first time at this race. This change to the points system was not well received in the months leading up to the race, and the implementation of this system turned out to be a one-off. The series would revert to the 25–18–15–12–10–8–6–4–2–1 system in use since 2010 for all races, beginning with the 2015 Australian Grand Prix.
The race determined the World Drivers' Championship between Mercedes drivers Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton, with the latter winning both the race and the title.[5][6]
Report [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
Changes to point structure [ edit ]
For the first time in the history of Formula One, teams and drivers scored double the amount of points awarded for race finish positions.[7] The FIA implemented this in order to maximise focus on the championship until the end of the season. Originally Bernie Ecclestone wanted double points for the last three races of the season,[8] but the teams ultimately decided to have double points for only the last race of the season. The rule change was negatively received by teams and drivers.[9][10][11][12][13][14]
As a result of the double points offered for the race, Lewis Hamilton needed to finish in the top two to guarantee the championship. Under the regular points structure he would have only needed to finish sixth to guarantee the title.
Team changes [ edit ]
Marussia did not contest the Grand Prix as a bid to save the team from collapsing failed in the week before the Brazilian Grand Prix, forcing the team to close down.[15] They had made a last-minute attempt to race in Abu Dhabi, with rumours that they were being sought after by a potential investor. However, those negotiations fell through, ending their chances of making a return to the grid.[16]
Facing a similar financial situation, Caterham launched a crowdsourcing campaign to attend the race, which ultimately proved successful and the team returned for the season-ending race, bringing the grid up to 20 cars.[17][18] Although Caterham retained Kamui Kobayashi for the race,[19] Marcus Ericsson had terminated his contract with Caterham a week and a half before the race, forcing Caterham to hire another driver.[20] 24 Hours of Le Mans winner André Lotterer, who also drove for Caterham in the 2014 Belgian Grand Prix, was originally linked towards the role, but he turned down the offer.[21] Will Stevens, a former Marussia test driver, took the drive instead and made his Formula One debut.[22] This was also the last race for Caterham as the team collapsed before the start of 2015.
Tyres [ edit ]
For the first time since Pirelli became the sole tyre provider, they supplied the yellow-banded soft tyre as the prime compound, while the red-banded supersoft was the option selection for the event. The previous three seasons saw the medium and soft selections used.
Virtual Safety Car (VSC) [ edit ]
The FIA again tested its Virtual Safety Car system, proposed for the 2015 season, to better deal with race track emergencies following the incident suffered by Jules Bianchi during the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix. The version tested in Abu Dhabi, however, was not preferred to that tested at the preceding United States and Brazilian Grands Prix.[23]
Practice [ edit ]
Championship leader Lewis Hamilton topped the first and second practice sessions, while teammate and championship contender Nico Rosberg topped the third and final practice session.[24][25][26]
Qualifying [ edit ]
Lewis Hamilton set the fastest time in Q1. He set the fastest time again in Q2, posting a time 0.539 seconds faster than championship rival Nico Rosberg after his teammate had scruffy laps. The situation was reversed in Q3, with Hamilton having two scruffy laps, and Rosberg took pole position with a time of 1:40.480, with Hamilton 0.386 seconds behind in second.[27]
Red Bull Racing drivers Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo were excluded from qualifying after their cars were found to have front wings that flexed under an aerodynamic load in contravention of the sporting regulations which prohibit movable aerodynamic devices. With their times disallowed, both drivers were relegated to the back of the grid. The team was then forced to change their front wings so as to make their cars legal for the race – a parc fermé violation – and were further penalised, having to start the race from pit lane.[27]
Romain Grosjean received a cumulative series of penalties for exceeding his quota of power unit components, totalling a twenty-place grid penalty. With Grosjean qualifying sixteenth—before Red Bull were excluded—he was unable to serve the full penalty. However, as the race marked the final Grand Prix of the 2014 season, the stewards were unable to carry the penalty over to the 2015 Australian Grand Prix, and so Grosjean was given a pit lane drive-through penalty in lieu of the remaining grid penalty.[27]
Race [ edit ]
Lewis Hamilton got a good start from second on the grid and got ahead of polesitter and championship rival Nico Rosberg by the first corner. At the end of lap 1 Hamilton had a 1.2 second lead over his teammate, which grew to 2.6 seconds by lap 22. On lap 23 Rosberg's troubles began, as he locked up and ran off the track at turn 17 - rejoining 3.9 seconds behind Hamilton - and the following lap he reported he was losing engine power. On lap 25 Rosberg had dropped to 7.1 seconds behind Hamilton, and he was told over the radio that his ERS had failed. Over the following laps Rosberg dropped down the field. Hamilton began to lower his pace - avoiding kerbs and asking his team to keep the engine turned down - in an effort to avoid suffering the same fate as his teammate. This allowed Felipe Massa to make gains on the race leader over the following laps. As Massa emerged from his final stop - putting on the super-soft tyre - he was 11 seconds behind Hamilton, and with fresh tyres he started to close the gap. However it was ultimately not enough, as Hamilton increased his pace by just enough to keep Massa in check. Hamilton crossed the line 2.5 seconds ahead of second-placed Massa to win the race, and with it his second world championship. Valtteri Bottas took the final podium position, giving Williams their first double podium since the 2005 Monaco Grand Prix.[28] Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel, who had both started the race from the pit lane, finished in 4th and 8th respectively, after Ricciardo managed to pass Kevin Magnussen early on in the race while Vettel got stuck behind him, which had the knock-on effect of causing him to be stuck behind the Force India cars later in the race.
Rosberg ultimately finished down in 14th, as his car situation got even worse in the closing laps. On lap 53 he was advised over the radio to retire the car, as his chances of scoring any points were effectively over and his car had developed too many problems. However, Rosberg responded by saying he would like to go to the end and finish the race, which he ultimately did.[29]
Ahead of the podium ceremony, Nico Rosberg entered into the cooldown room to congratulate championship rival Lewis Hamilton on winning the title. Hamilton later paid tribute to Rosberg for his graciousness in defeat.[30]
Although Rosberg suffered an energy recovery system (ERS) failure and dropped out of the points during the race, he acknowledged that his problem did not make a difference to the championship outcome in the end, as Hamilton would have had to finish 3rd or lower for him to have a chance of winning the title anyway.[31]
Mercedes set two new records, the first being 701 total points, the second being the margin of 296 points to second-placed Red Bull-Renault.
Classification [ edit ]
Qualifying [ edit ]
Notes:
^1 Romain Grosjean qualified in sixteenth but was demoted four grid places as part of twenty-place penalty for using his sixth power unit of the season. [27]
Romain Grosjean qualified in sixteenth but was demoted four grid places as part of twenty-place penalty for using his sixth power unit of the season. ^2 Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel originally qualified in fifth and sixth respectively, but were excluded from the qualifying results and were relegated to the back of the grid for illegal front wings.[27]
Race [ edit ]
Notes:
^3 Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo were further penalised for having their front wings replaced after qualifying, which violated parc fermé regulations even though the wings were deemed illegal, and were forced to start from the pit lane instead of the back of the grid.
Championship standings after the race [ edit ]
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Bold text indicates the 2014 World Champions.
References [ edit ]
Update on 14 November at 16:00 GMT:
The Philae lander's drill is now working, but the craft's batteries — designed to power just 2.5 days of operations — are running low, Rosetta mission scientists said at a briefing today (14 November). Thus the craft, which landed on comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko on 12 November, could be entering its last hours of operations.
Drilling got under way, seemingly without drama, at around 13:40 Central European Time (CET). But soon after, Philae went into another communications blackout, due to rotation of the comet. If the lander's batteries run out before the next communications window — after 22:00 CET this evening — data reaped from the subsurface sample are likely to be lost.
Commands that would have put Philae into an energy-saving mode unfortunately failed to transmit, Valentina Lommatsch of the German aerospace centre (DLR) said during the briefing. “It's going to be really close as to whether we make it to the link or not.”
Currently, Philae can do nothing with the tiny amount of sunlight it is getting on a single solar panel. If the lander makes contact with the Rosetta orbiter this evening, scientists might try last-ditch efforts to get more power for Philae. These manoeuvres could include rotating the lander or even hopping Philae into a new position. “We're hoping we can maybe bounce our way out, but it's very unlikely,” said Lommatsch. “We're throwing around ideas right now.”
Rosetta is now back in an orbit 50 kilometres from the comet. Holger Sierks, principal investigator on Rosetta's OSIRIS camera, said that his team was scouring images taken in the hours after Philae's first landing for signs of the lander, which would appear as a 3 × 3 pixel speck and could lead scientists to its hiding place.
Original story:
Philae, the plucky comet lander from the European Space Agency's Rosetta mission, was confirmed today as alive and well, but sitting in a precarious position.
After Philae hit its target on comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko on 12 November, its harpoons failed to deploy, leaving the lander unsecured. The data it beamed back to Rosetta — which is orbiting the comet and relays information to mission control — suggested that it had bounced twice before coming to rest. But information was in short supply, because soon after the landing, the mothership went beyond the comet's horizon, severing communications.
Data transmitted to Earth today (13 November) revealed that the lander is now stable and that its instruments are working, but that it is stuck, probably at a steep angle, against the bottom of a cliff. The first picture released from Philae shows one of the lander's three feet against a craggy backdrop (see picture at right). Later, the agency released another image, this time a panoramic view showing the position of the probe's feet. The mission team also superimposed a sketch of the lander suggesting its position (see picture at the top).
In a briefing to journalists today at the European Space Operations Centre in Darmstadt, Germany, Philae lead scientist Jean-Pierre Bibring said that the cliff means Philae is largely in the shade, which could be a problem for powering long-term operations. Philae's primary batteries will last only 64 hours after separating from Rosetta, and by the time of the briefing at 2 p.m. Central European Time, 28 hours had already elapsed. Once its batteries run dry, Philae will be relying on solar panels. From its shady zone, Philae will get just 1.5 hours of sunlight every 12 hours, said Koen Geurts, Philae's technical manager at the German aerospace centre (DLR) in Cologne.
In a separate briefing to journalists in France, Marc Pricher, director of the Toulouse site of the French space agency CNES, described Philae's location as what could be the opening a cave, or perhaps next to a boulder. The constraints on power would mean that Philae's work programme would have to be adjusted, he said.
Furthermore, the fact that Philae is unsecured means that it could be difficult for its drill to obtain samples of the comet, because the mechanical action will create a reaction force that could make the craft bounce again, or tip. “Drilling without being anchored … is dangerous,” said Stephan Ulamec, Philae lander manager. Drilling will certainly not happen today but is not ruled out, added Bibring.
Securing Philae by again attempting to fire its harpoons could also be dangerous for the same reason, Ulamec explained to journalists on the evening after the landing. The comet's gravity is 100,000 times weaker than that on Earth, and if the harpoons failed to hook on to the surface, the momentum could push the lander back up into space, he said. “That would be highly embarrassing.”
On-board instruments revealed that after accurately hitting its target site, Philae bounced as high as 1 kilometre from the surface, Ulamec added. It fell back to the ground two hours later, bouncing a second time with a shallower hop lasting a few minutes, before settling in its current position.
Rosetta has yet to locate the lander with its cameras. But data from Philae's radar device suggest that the lander ended up around 1 kilometre from the site where it first touched down.
f
Designed for the waterfront in downtown Dubai, this “Wave Tower” will be located right on the water. A large undulating plane creates a bridge to the base of the tower, then folds upwards to create one of the twisting silk-screened glass sides of the structure. The “seascraper” is designed to be a green building. Interior gardens or “sky gardens” will be located in common zones, improving the air quality and working as natural temperature regulators. The silk-screened glass skin will assist with controlling the heat from the sun.
The tower will contain a water purification plant. It will desalinate and purify the surrounding seawater and then be filtered and allocated for drinking water, landscape maintenance and sewage. The building is also said to boast “state of the art sustainable technologies” to minimize energy consumption and maximize water efficiency.
The tower have 92 floors and be 370 meters when complete. It will be a mixed-use building: it will contain offices, commercial malls and high-end residences. The Wave Tower was designed by the Spanish architectural group A-cero.
Via: Ecofriend and MyNinjaPlease
As the Army prepares to cut 40,000 more soldiers in order to fit into a shrinking budget, the service is in danger of becoming too small for an increasingly dangerous world, the chief of staff said, and that may embolden our enemies to act.
"If we get small enough where some of these [world] leaders don't believe the Army can respond or deter them, if you can't ... deter them from believing they can accomplish something ... that increases the threats and danger to the United States," Gen. Ray Odierno said in an exclusive sit-down with Army Times. "And I don't know what that level is, but I think we're getting dangerously close to that level now."
Since 2012, the Army has cut 80,000 soldiers and shut down 13 brigade combat teams, including two in Germany and one in South Korea, to reach an end-strength of 490,000.
The service will cut 40,000 more soldiers for an end-strength of 450,000 by the end of fiscal year 2018; another 30,000 soldiers could be forced to go if sequestration returns in fiscal 2016, which begins Oct. 1.
"There are a lot of things boiling in a lot of different places," Odierno said. "What you don't know is when something boils over. You have to have the capability to respond, and that's the issue."
More than 177,000 soldiers were deployed, forward stationed or assigned to more than 150 countries on at least five of the world's continents as of the end of July.
Spc. John Banta, infantryman, Delta Company, 1st Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, poses security as a CH-47 Chinook descends in preparation of a sling load of two M1151 Humvees. The training helped to increase the unit's interoperability between the ground and aviation units. (U.S. Army Photo by Capt. Adan Cazarez)
There are roughly 77,000 soldiers were deployed, forward stationed or assigned to more than 150 countries around the world.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Army Times Daily News Roundup
Photo Credit: Capt. Adan Cazarez/Army
The Army is engaged around the world, including in places that just a couple years ago were not part of the immediate, overall plan, Odierno said.
"There wasn't much discussion about Russia. In fact, nobody talked about going back to Iraq. There was no ISIL," he said. "We're trying to work all these issues simultaneously, and you have to have enough size to respond when something goes bad. That's the concern."
Odierno, who on Aug. 14 will complete his tenure as the chief of staff and retire after almost 40 years in uniform, highlighted a rather lengthy list of security concerns during the interview.
Some on his list are expected: the "new, aggressive Russia," where the Army has dedicated about 2,500 troops to Operation Atlantic Resolve, an ongoing series of training exercises to assure and work with NATO allies in the region; the growing threat in China; and that unpredictable dictator in North Korea.
But the Army also is dealing with the Middle East, where the threat is not just confined to the Islamic State, Odierno said.
"You have the underlying Sunni-Shia fight that really is the underlying factor that's driving this," he said, adding that centuries-old divide spans Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Lebanon, Bahrain and elsewhere.
"There's this conflict that boiling underneath that's a concern in the Middle East," he said.
U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Rapherson Morales-Rivera, a paratrooper assigned to Alpha Troop, 5th Squadron, 73rd Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, clears an Iraqi soldier's weapon at a rifle range at Camp Taji, Iraq, June 21, 2015. Iraqi soldiers from the 73rd Brigade, 16th Division trained with U.S. forces on rifle marksmanship as part of Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve's multinational effort to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (U.S. Army photo by Spc. Paris Maxey, CJTF-OIR Public Affairs)
Sgt. 1st Class Rapherson Morales-Rivera, a paratrooper assigned to 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, clears an Iraqi soldier's weapon at Camp Taji, Iraq, on June 21.
Photo Credit: Spc. Paris Maxey/Army
Just this week, Yemen's al-Qaida branch captured three towns near the southern port city of Aden where pro-government forces have been advancing against Shiite rebels, the Associated Press reported. Yemen's armed forces have splintered over the conflict with the Shiite rebels, creating a security vacuum in some parts of the impoverished country, the AP reported.
In Syria, clashes between members of al-Qaida's branch there and a rebel faction in the country's north believed to have been trained by the U.S. government have stopped after the rebels abandoned their headquarters, the AP reported. The Nusra Front has released video showing one of the captured rebels, and it comes just days after the U.S. and Turkey announced the outlines of a deal to help rebels push the Islamic State back from a strip of territory it controls along the Syrian-Turkish border, according to the AP.
More than 2,900 soldiers are deployed to Iraq, Jordan and elsewhere in the region to bolster the fight against the Islamic State, including training and advising Iraqi troops as well as moderate Syrian rebels.
On Aug. 5, the Army announced it would send the III Corps headquarters to Kuwait to oversee the fight there as part of Operation Inherent Resolve.
There's also Afghanistan and the Taliban, which just confirmed the death of its longtime leader Mullah Mohammad Omar and appointed his successor as a new round of peace talks was postponed amid concerns over how committed the new leadership is to ending the militant group's 14-year insurgency, the AP reported.
The selection of Mullah Akhtar Mansoor, who was Mullah Omar's deputy, as the Taliban's new leader has already reportedly caused a rift within the group, especially between fighters who favor negotiations with the Afghan government and those who want to continue an insurgency, according to the AP.
The U.S. Army has more than 7,500 soldiers supporting the Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan; another 13,000 or so are deployed to support Operation Spartan Shield, which includes Kuwait, Qatar and Jordan.
There also are hot spots in Africa to include Libya and terrorist elements in central Africa, Odierno said.
"I am deeply worried about Libya because I believe that you're starting to see a migration across the Egyptian desert into Libya, connected, potentially, to Syria and Iraq, and now you start to see this big connection," he said. "It's something we have to be concerned with. The work that's going on in Africa is very important."
Libya has plunged into chaos since the 2011 overthrow and death of dictator Moammar Gadhafi, leaving the country with two parliaments and two governments, along with rival militaries and militias, according to the Associated Press. The power struggle and fierce fighting has paved the way for the Islamic State group to expand in Libya. In 2012, an attack on the U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi killed four Americans, including U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens.
In Africa, more than 1,700 soldiers are working with countries such as Ghana, Cameroon, Zambia, Ethiopia, Chad, Niger and Morocco on theater security cooperation events, exercises and other events.
Paratroopers assigned with 1-508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, move to their loading zone as rotor wash from a UH-60 black hawk caused a dust cloud. The UH-60's are assigned to the 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade, in support of Operation Red Fury. The 1-508th PIR will conduct an air assault into their objective. The training helped to increase the unit's interoperability between the ground and aviation units.
Demands continue to mount for soldiers as the end-strength and budget decreases.
Photo Credit: Capt. Adan Cazarez/Army
The Army also has troops in South America, including the long-standing Joint Task Force-Bravo in Honduras, and troops conducting exercises and training in places such as Guatemala and El Salvador.
The issues facing Southern Command also are a concern, Odierno said.
"Nobody ever talks about SOUTHCOM, but I worry about the networks that have been established over the years," he said. "Most of these networks have been established to move drugs into North America, but, frankly, they can traffic just about anything, and that's of great concern to us."
These challenges around the world are all difficult problems to face, Odierno said.
"I worry about our capability to meet all these different challenges as we move forward," he said. "And I worry about the long-term impact increased requirements and reduced resources are going to have our soldiers. The op-tempo will continue, but I always worry if they are going to be trained to the levels that we expect them to be trained."
'The budget is going down'
This is why the Army must make sure the force it has is the "best Army possible," Odierno said.
"One that's incredibly capable and able to move quickly and work with our allies and partners to shoulder these problems around the world," he said. "Whether we like it or not, the budget is going down."
The Army has been in transition ever since Odierno became the chief in September 2011.
"We were coming out of two wars, Iraq completely and Afghanistan significantly reduced, and the Army was in the process of transitioning itself with budget reductions and other things in terms of reducing the size of the Army," Odierno said. "Then we really had to reorient ourselves with what we want the Army to look like in the future."
Despite that backdrop, the Army was able to sustain and meet its commitments, Odierno said.
"And frankly, those commitments have started to grow because of the continued increase in instability that we're seeing around the world," he said. "But the Army has continued to be able to respond and ensure that our soldiers are prepared to do what we ask them to do."
The Army also reorganized itself in a massive effort not seen since World War II, reworking everything from its brigade combat teams and sustainment structure to its divisions and fires capabilities.
It also has produced an Army Operating Concept that forms the framework of what the Army should look like and how it should fight in the future, Odierno said.
This includes developing a new leader development strategy that has allowed the Army to grow smart, flexible noncommissioned officers and officers, and creating a modernization program that identifies gaps and seams to better help leaders understand where they should invest time and money.
"We're going to have to fight in a multinational, interagency way, and we have to be a more flexible, adaptable, capable Army, and we have to be able to tailor and scale our capabilities to deploy simultaneously," he said. "In the past 20 to 30 years, we've focused on one specific enemy, whether it be the Soviet Union, then it kind of became Iraq, al-Qaida. With the way the world is today, the way it's moving, we have to be able to do many different things at one time."
A dose of optimism
Despite the many challenges, Odierno said the Army should be excited about its future.
"We've been able to meet our current commitments, we've done it under budget constraints and with an Army that has downsized 80,000 soldiers and getting ready to [lose] 40,000 more, and we've been able to look to the future and really establish a way ahead that's really solid," Odierno said.
A large reason for that success is soldiers' ability to adapt, Odierno said.
"We're in the process of really starting to develop an Army that's capable of facing what we call a hybrid threat, one that's got some counter-insurgency and what we call high-end threats," he said. "It really gives me a lot of faith and confidence in the leaders we have. They're continuing to perform superbly across a broad range of missions."
New leadership
Gen. Mark Milley, commander of Forces Command, will succeed Odierno. The Senate confirmed Milley's nomination on Aug. 5.
A series of challenges awaits Milley in his new role.
"Unfortunately, none of the issues have gone away," Odierno said. "Sequestration is not yet resolved, and I'm not seeing much progress right now in that being resolved, but our missions are increasing. I think that's the biggest challenge Gen. Milley will have going forward. The requirements are going up, but the dollars are going down."
As threats grow and resources diminish, "very difficult decisions have to be made," Odierno said, adding that he had hoped to be able to resolve the Army's drawdown before he retired.
"I was disappointed," he said. "I thought maybe I would be able to resolve this, and we would know where we are and we could start focusing on capabilities we want our Army to have instead of what size the Army should be. But I think that's going to continue for the next several years."
As for his next step, Odierno and his wife plan to move to Pinehurst, North Carolina.
"It's a small, relaxing community, then I'll decide what I'm going to do," he said. "I'm not going to retire, retire, but I have not decided yet what I'm going to do."
He has loved every job he's had in the Army, including as the Army's top general, Odierno said.
"I have felt so honored the last four years to be chief of staff, because every day I'm just taken by the sacrifice and the commitment of our soldiers and their families, and how much they've given, and how much they continue to give, and how much they care about each other and care about the mission," he said. "That's what makes this job worthwhile."
Odierno said he'll "never forget" the troops he served with and alongside, especially during his multiple deployments to Iraq.
After a rancorous daylong debate, Conservative MPs resoundingly rejected an opposition bid to have a House committee look into their MP's claim — now retracted — that he saw voter information cards stolen to be misused to commit fraud.
Earlier in the day, the government invoked closure, a measure that's rarely used, to force a time limit on debate about whether the procedure and House affairs committee should study whether Conservative MP Brad Butt breached MPs' parliamentary privilege.
The debate wrapped up just after 8 p.m. ET, and the final vote was 110-153, with all but the Green Party dividing along strict party lines. (Green Party Leader Elizabeth May supported the motion to send the matter to committee, while Green MP Bruce Hyer voted nay.)
Butt told the House in early February that he'd seen people take voter information cards out of recycling bins and garbage cans to use to commit voter fraud.
The MP for Mississauga-Streetsville, later stood in the House to correct the record but didn't explain why he had earlier said he'd witnessed what amounts to voter fraud.
'Incredibly rare and important'
Speaker Andrew Scheer ruled Monday that there's a prima facie case, or case on the face of it, that Butt breached parliamentary privilege when he told the House he had seen it with his own eyes, something that he now says wasn't true.
The resulting debate put House of Commons business on hold as the opposition and government faced off over an NDP motion to send the matter to committee for further study. Both the NDP and Liberals spoke in favour of the motion, but the governing Conservatives dismissed their arguments because Butt had already corrected the record.
Tuesday's sitting quickly became a battle of procedural tricks, leading to a vote just before question period that saw the Conservatives vote to limit the debate to the remainder of the sitting day.
NDP House leader Nathan Cullen said his party wants Scheer to look at whether the government is abusing closure motions.
"To have a debate like this is incredibly rare and important. And to then shut down that debate is even rarer still," Cullen said outside the House.
"I think Canadians should be proud that we're not going to stand down, that we're not going to just accept the bullying that we see from Conservatives on so many bills, because this one matters most. It's the rules of the game for our democracy."
'Trust is eroded'
At the same time the NDP was trying to force a procedure and House committee study on Butt's statement, one of the party's deputy leaders was leading a filibuster on C-23, the government's bill to update election laws, at that same committee.
It was during a debate on C-23 that Butt claimed to have seen the voter cards stolen.
New Democrat MP David Christopherson spent most of the day speaking at procedure and House affairs as his party protests the Conservatives blocking a cross-country tour to hear from Canadians and experts.
The committee meeting started just after 11 a.m. and ran into the evening. It was the third meeting at which Christopherson planned to talk out the two hours allotted, but the Conservatives called his bluff and said the committee would continue sitting until he finished speaking.
Christopherson announced around 9:30 p.m. that he and Conservative MP Tom Lukiwski, parliamentary secretary to the government House leader, had reached an agreement on how to run the study on C-23. NDP members may travel to consult with Canadians, and both the NDP and Liberal MPs want to have what they called "legitimate" say in the witness list, not just token input.
Christopherson and Lukiwski also agreed that the committee could hold extra meetings if necessary to hear the witnesses they want and to allow enough time for them.
Chief Electoral Officer Marc Mayrand is the first witness invited to discuss the bill. He's scheduled for Thursday morning. Christopherson and Lukiwski agreed to give him 90 minutes rather than the usual 60.
In the House, the day started with the Conservatives moving into a concurrence debate on Jewish refugees from the Middle East to try to run out the remaining time on the privilege motion by moving to a debate. Concurrence debates take precedence during certain times of the day, although privilege debates take precedence during others.
As a result, the privilege debate was put on hold until just before question period.
The motion to concur in a committee report on Jewish refugees had been awaiting debate for months. Opposition MPs said they were shocked the government would use such an important topic to stall the privilege debate.
In ruling on Butt's retracted claims, Scheer pointed to "an enduring practice here of giving members the benefit of the doubt when the accuracy of their statements is challenged, but said "it is clear that the House has been presented with two contradictory statements."
Cullen said Monday that the problem stems from government MPs who "twist logic to the point of breaking." He said Butt is discovering that what parliamentarians say actually matters and that the public is watching.
"When these kinds of things happen, when members are found in contempt in this place, that trust is eroded just a little bit more. There is not that much territory left to us," Cullen said.
Automotive Grade Linux
Although it may seem like Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are all the rage for dashboard infotainment systems, open-source Linux proponents haven't conceded the battle yet. The Automotive Grade Linux (AGL) project announced the release of its Unified Code Base 2.0, implementing new in-vehicle entertainment support desired by automakers and drivers.
The new code base adds support for audio routing, rear-seat entertainment systems and apps. It follows the version 1.0 release at CES earlier this year.
Automotive infotainment systems, which usually combine navigation, digital audio, hands-free phone calling and third-party apps, have been developed by automakers and equipment suppliers alike, leading to fragmentation and disparate interfaces unique to each brand of vehicle. AGL attempts to make a unified dashboard operating system, freeing automotive software engineers from individual platform development.
Dan Cauchy, General Manager for Automotive at The Linux Foundation, describes AGL's approach as the "80/20" rule, with AGL building 80 percent of the system and leaving engineers at automakers and equipment suppliers the 20 percent of development that makes the system unique to each brand.
AGL's partners include major automakers such as Toyota, Mazda, Honda, Nissan, Ford and Jaguar/Land Rover, along with equipment suppliers including Harman, Denso and Panasonic.
The new code base supports routing audio streams, so a hand-free call over a Bluetooth system can come in, and be sent to speakers aimed at the driver while a music source plays. Rear seat entertainment support includes the ability to stream video to rear seat display and allow playback control. App support is a major step for the system, allowing managed installation, control and updating for approved apps.
Cauchy expects automakers will begin adopting AGL for implementation at its version 3.0 release, set for January, 2017.
AGL says future release will include support for digital instrument clusters and autonomous driving systems.
The platform can also include support for Apple CarPlay and Android Auto.
Arsene Wenger has revealed that Alexis Sanchez is due to return to training on Monday and will have a full week to prove his fitness ahead of Arsenal's game with Manchester City on 21 December.
The boss admits the Chile international could be short on fitness having sustained a hamstring injury two weeks ago against Norwich, however, he's loathed to rule the striker out just yet.
Ahead of Sunday's trip to Aston Villa the boss told his weekly press conference: “Alexis is back on Sunday, he trains on Monday morning at 9.30am.
“He is running already… I sent him back to Chile, where he has been running with the physio of the national team, and we will see what kind of state he is in next week.
“He may be a bit short for City, certainly, but with Alexis you never know.”
Arsenal will likely field hat-trick hero Olivier Giroud, Theo Walcott and Joel Campbell tomorrow afternoon with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain an option off the bench. As well as the injured Alexis, the Gunners also have Danny Welbeck to bolster their attacking options in January.
This wild mask which looks like a cross between Hello Kitty and a face-hugger is made of soft electronics and colored liquid. It is based on a Masters thesis project made by Sirou Peng, Adi Meyer, and Silvia Rueda and uses Harvard's Soft Robotics Toolkit.
The mask is mapped to the wearer's face and uses a Myoware muscle sensor to assess the patterns your face makes when you smile, frown, or act concerned. Once the mask senses these emotions it injects or sucks out liquid through the capillaries, showing the world how you really feel in a very weird way.
Why would you do this? Well, Burning Man is over so maybe you could us it as a cool Halloween project or, barring that, use it to broadcast your emotions to a wider audience. The world, as they say, is your 3D-printed, soft-robotic silicone mask.
You can learn how to make your own here.
Keeping a Writer's Journal: 21 Ideas to Keep You Writing
When I look up from the page, the first thing I see is_____. I like/don't like this because_________.
If I could describe the place I am sitting to a set designer for a movie or play, here is what I would say: ___________.
Here are five things I should not have put in the trash and why.
Here are five things I ought to put in the trash and why.
When I go to the White House for dinner, I always wear my __________ and take along my _________. That way _________.
When the nightly news director put words under the shot of me to identify me to the people, the words were ________. This is what had happened: _________. Write a list of five to ten prompts of your own that you can use from time to time. Or ask a friend to invent some for you to use. Idea 14: The Alphabet Make the alphabet your friend. Challenge yourself to put down your thoughts entry by entry with titles that start, with each letter of the alphabet for 26 continuous entries. Or challenge yourself to start each entry itself for 26 days with words that begin with the alphabet's letters in order. Or write 26 meditations, one each on each letter of the alphabet. Idea 15: Reading Lists After you read books, write reviews of them in your journal. Idea 16: Library Searches Go to library online catalogs and investigate a subject and writer. Search for some of the books. Write about your search. Idea 17: Responses to Writers' Groups and Writers Write about your creative writing class, your writers' group, your reaction to a writer you are reading. Idea 18: Radio or TV Turn on the radio or TV for twenty seconds. Write about what you heard. Idea 19: Other People's Entries Invent journal entries your friends or relatives or bosses might write. If you are a fiction writer, invent journal entries your characters might write. Idea 20: Your Journal-Writing Employee Invent a persona for your journal -- a character who is employed as a journal writer for you, whose job it is to make entries on a schedule you propose, someone whose creativity in dreaming up new ways to approach the genre will be rewarded. Write the job description in your journal. Write the interview with the job applicant. Assign this persona a wardrobe, a history, a reason why he or she wants this job. Write your new employee's entries. Let him or her react to the world and the people around him or her. Idea 21: You Are of Age Use the journal to write whatever it is you want to write! There is no wrong way to keep a journal; it is for your eyes only or for the eyes of exactly who you want to see it. However you do it, you will probably come to an understanding as the poet does in Lydia Davis' novel, The End of the Story. She considers a title for her collection of material and thinks: "The best possibility may be material -- to be used, which does not go as far as to say that it is ready but only that in some way it will be used, though it does not have to be used, even if it is good enough to use." If you learn to look at journal material the way Davis' character does, keeping a journal becomes the best kind of inventory -- always there and never taxed. It might need some dusting off, but that is part of the pleasure for a writer who reaches into old material and begins to use it for essays, poems, articles and stories. Find Out More... Twenty-Two Reasons to Turn to Your Journal for Catharsis and Creativity - Noelle Sterne http://www.writing-world.com/creative/journaling.shtml Copyright © 2006 Sheila Bender
This article may not be reprinted without the author's written permission. Sheila Bender is a poet, essayist, author, and publisher of http://www.WritingItReal.com. Her poems appear in many North American literary journals and anthologies such as Poetry Northwest, The Seattle Review, Writers' Forum, Northern Lights, and We Used to Be Wives, among others. Her many books on writing include Keeping a Journal You Love, A Year in the Life: Journaling for Self-Discovery, Writing Personal Poetry: Creating Poems from Life Experience, Writing Personal Essays: How to Shape Your Life Experiences for the Page, and Writing in a New Convertible with the Top Down. She is a past contributing poetry editor to Writer's Digest Magazine and is on the faculties of the Colorado Mountain Writer's Conference and the La Jolla Writer's Conference. She holds a Masters of Arts in Creative Writing from the University of Washington and a Masters of Arts in Teaching from Keane College in New Jersey. Copyright © 2019 by Moira Allen. All rights reserved.
All materials on this site are the property of their authors and may not be reprinted
without the author's written permission, unless otherwise indicated.
For more information please contact Moira Allen, Editor Please read our new Privacy Statement.
Sigh... there are strings attached.
Remember those brief days of sunlight when we held out hope WikiLeaks might have stopped acting like arses, and might have decided to act in the interests of everyone who relies upon technology for their security and privacy?
Well, as predicted, there are clouds on the horizon.
As Motherboard reports, WikiLeaks' Julian Assange may be making unreasonable demands about how he will share details of the alleged zero-day vulnerabilities that have been leaked from the CIA:
This week, Assange sent an email to Apple, Google, Microsoft and all the companies mentioned in the documents. But instead of reporting the bugs or exploits found in the leaked CIA documents it has in its possession, WikiLeaks made demands, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity. WikiLeaks included a document in the email, requesting the companies to sign off on a series of conditions before being able to receive the actual technical details to deploy patches, according to sources. It's unclear what the conditions are, but a source mentioned a 90-day disclosure deadline, which would compel companies to commit to issuing a patch within three months.
Is 90 days a reasonable time to fix a vulnerability?
I think that's very hard for someone outside of a technology vendor's programming and quality assurance team to say with any confidence.
It makes me very uncomfortable when outsiders make determinations of how hard a problem should take to fix (and, of course, how long it will take to test that the fix works reliably in all scenarios and setups), when they have no knowledge of what else teams might be working on - including other vulnerabilities they might already be working hard at fixing - some of which may be of even higher importance.
Of course, I don't think we should allow technology firms with unpatched vulnerabilities in their software and hardware to rest on their laurels, or treat it as anything less than serious.
But I also want to feel confident that bugs are patched properly and that fixes do not themselves introduce more problems than the problem they are trying to address.
Who is Julian Assange qualified to say that 90 days is enough? There are ways of putting pressure on technology firms to fix bugs, and highlight if you think they are taking too long, without dangling a sword of Damocles over their heads if flaws are not fixed on your own determined schedule.
You can hear some of my personal concerns about whether WikiLeaks will share details of the alleged zero-day vulnerabilities with technology firms in this week's “Smashing Security” podcast, where I was joined by Carole Theriault and special guest Nick FitzGerald.
The discussion about WikiLeaks starts at about 10 minutes in, but you might enjoy the rest of the podcast too!
Your browser does not support this audio element.
Listen on Apple Podcasts | Google Podcasts | Other… | RSS
U.S. mainstream news media, which routinely shuts out journalists and analysts who question the righteousness of American interventionism, is now targeting the presence of RT as a Russian-financed alternative news source in Washington, writes Danny Schechter.
By Danny Schechter
James Kirchick is just the sort of neutral reporter the Daily Beast would assign to report on the ideological controversy surrounding the Russian-backed RT-TV Channel's coverage of the crisis in Ukraine. The Beast lives up to its name by sending a hardcore polemical ideologue to uncover what he predictably labels as ideological media bias.
Kirchick is a veteran of the anti-communist wars, now revived as the anti-Putin wars, not some neutral journo crusading for democracy. According to Wikipedia, he is a fellow with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies in Washington, prior to this he was writer-at-large for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. He is a graduate of the New Republic and Murdoch's Weekly Standard and writes for Azure, a magazine that described itself as pro-Zionist and free market.
Okay, just so we know who are dealing with here. And now, to bolster his “credibility” he presents himself as a victim in his latest article that exposes himself, far more than his target, asserting that his rights as a journalist were somehow compromised because of a gutsy quest for truth. Here's his exhibit:
â€¢The Headline: “Watch RT, Putin's TV Network, Call the Cops on Me”
â€¢The Lead: “That's what happens, it seems, when you ask some simple questions outside RT's Washington headquarters.”
â€¢The Polemic: “What would possess an American to work for a Russian propaganda outlet, especially now that the world is on the brink of a potential war in Eastern Europe? I asked that question of about two dozen people coming in and out of the Washington headquarters of RT, the Kremlin-funded television network that has become infamous in recent days for whitewashing Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. No one would answer me directly. Instead, RT called the local cops on me.”
Kirchik's first story in his jihad against RT was to interview Anchor Liz Wahl who resigned flamboyantly on the air denouncing the channel she worked for and making her an instant shero among Russia-bashers the world over. Wahl offered up sweet innocence laced with the veneer of red, white and blue patriotism.
“I'm very lucky to have grown up here in the United States,” she said. “I'm the daughter of a veteran. My partner is a physician at a military base where he sees every day the first-hand accounts of the ultimate prices that people pay for this country. And that is why personally I cannot be part of a network that whitewashes the actions of Putin. I am proud to be an American and believe in disseminating the truth and that is why after this newscast I'm resigning.”
Cue the National Anthem! Funny, after her declaration of independence and stagy pledge to quit was broadcast on a network that could have cut her off none other than former Rep. Ron Paul, whose interview with Wahl she claimed RT had censored, denied it, saying, “I don't think it was slanted in any way.”
Earlier, another RT on-air personality, Abby Martin, also denounced Putin's Ukraine policy on the air but was not fired and did not quit. Later, she turned up debating the fairness and objectivity of most American TV with Piers Morgan on CNN, a network considered by some critics as an “American propaganda outlet.”
In an article about Martin in National Journal, Lucia Graves wrote, “While it's clear the [RT] network maintains a strong pro-Russian bias, Glenn Greenwald on Tuesday defended RT's coverage, saying it isn't so different from what we saw on American media outlets in the lead up to the Iraq War.”
“For all the self-celebrating American journalists and political commentators: Was there even a single U.S. television host who said anything comparable to this in the lead up to, or the early stages of, the U.S. invasion of Iraq?” he wrote.
Back to Mr. Kirchick's heroism in defense of democracy! Watch the video of how he posed some of his “simple” questions to RT employees outside their office.
What you see is a wise-guy provocateur harassing people entering the building with hostile, if not nasty and self-righteous questions, in an argumentative and aggressively hostile manner. RT later challenged this image-building exercise of the “man who is not afraid of Putin” with a denial that they called the cops, an “update” that the Daily Beast tacked on to their story.
“RT America did not contact the DC police at any point,” Anna Belkina said in a statement. “The building's security personnel called in the police after an intruder has been reported inside the building. The police questioned Mr. Kirchick as part of the investigation of that incident.”
Kirchick's shouted out questions were there to call attention to himself, and score political points, and not to challenge the network that actually offers programs with views that are more diverse than on any U.S. TV news channel. It features programs with Tom Hartmann and even Larry King, both of whom deny they have been censored.
As an occasional commentator on RT News myself, I can and have said the same. I am not surprised that the networks I once worked for ABC, CNN and CNBC never have me on, while BBC, RT, Press TV and Saudi TV, among others, feature my commentaries without telling me what to say.
Kirchick is less bothered by what gets on RT than that it exists at all, and especially because the network has built an audience among Americans disgusted by how controlled and manipulated most U.S. media outlets are.
His real target are RT's viewers who he bitterly denounces as a “species,” perhaps because they are looking for information you never find on the Daily Beast or many of the outlets he whores for as a self-styled “objective newsman.”
Listen to this: “RT has become the go-to network for a particular species of disillusioned American, fed-up with what the ‘corporate media' is telling them about the world.” He doesn't waste any putdowns either from an arsenal of vituperative broadsides and even get this denounces RT employees as “slovenly.” He then rants on to share what may have been his Yale-bred elitism about his perception of the people the network interviews that includes politicians and commentators of all stripes.
“RT, both in its employment and viewership,” he writes,” seems to attract a particular type of person. You know the man who writes political chain emails IN ALL CAPS or the bag lady shouting on the street corner about the metal device the government has implanted in her head? Under normal circumstances, no one would give them a television show. But these are the people who appear on, and watch, RT.”
Oh, really another round of clichÃ©s to keep the truth from getting in the way of his preconceived perceptions. Now, now, feel better Mr. Kirchick, time to take your medication, before you melt down, or stir up more hatred and animosity for people who lack your years of slimy experience as a media warrior in the service of a neocon empire.
MR KIRCHICK? Oh, you have more to say?
“For the past 9 years, RT has provided steady paychecks and frequent media appearances to a veritable insane asylum of the great unwashed and unemployable dredges of the American fringe.”
Whew, I am glad he got that out of his system, until tomorrow, of course, when he will find another way of cursing without cursing, while showcasing superiority to those of us in that other sub- human “species.” Now, let me get back to my Rolling Stones record:
I'll never be your beast of burden
I'll never be your beast of burden
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never be
Also, by the way, do I need to say that I am not a Putin booster, my father was a veteran, I have pledged allegiance to the flag many times, and wrote two books and made a film about media miscoverage of the Iraq War. My critique was based, in part, in my own experience in network TV.
News Dissector Danny Schechter edits Mediachannel.org and blogs at NewsDissector.net. His latest book is Madiba A to Z: The Many Faces of Nelson Mandela. Comments to dissector@mediachannel.org.
HBO drama The Leftovers is set to film its third and final season at the Docklands Studio in Melbourne.
In April it was rumoured the Warner Bros. production would relocate to Australia -both on and off the screen- following recent references to Perth.
The announcement was made jointly by Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews and HBO's Senior Vice President of West Coast Production Jay Roewe at Warner Bros. Studios in Los Angeles. HBO previously filmed The Pacific in Victoria while Warner Bros. produced feature film Where the Wild Things Are.
Created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, based on Perrotta's best-selling novel of the same name, The Leftovers explores a world in shock and the lives that are changed forever, when 140 million people inexplicably vanish. The first two seasons featured Justin Theroux, Carrie Coon, Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Regina King and Ann Dowd.
Premier Daniel Andrews was buoyed by the project creating more than 250 local jobs and injecting around $20 million into the economy.
“When Hollywood heavyweights HBO and Warner Bros. need a spectacular location down under, of course they choose to shoot in Victoria,” he said.
“From Hollywood to Hanging Rock, this brilliant production won't just attract some of tinsletown's biggest stars, but create local jobs and inject millions into the Victorian economy.”
Film Victoria CEO Jenni Tosi said, “We're delighted to again be working with Warner Bros. and HBO and we welcome The Leftovers production team to Melbourne.”
“In choosing Victoria for this impressive series, The Leftovers will reinforce our reputation for expertise, diversity and crew creativity – and see fantastic benefits flow through our world-class facilities and businesses.”
Co-Creator and Showrunner Damon Lindelof said, “We're immensely grateful for the opportunity to try something that looks and feels different from the preceding seasons and we absolutely cannot wait to bring our story to its conclusion down under.”
Filming will begin this month three months with some post-production and visual effects work to also be completed in Victoria.
Meanwhile Docklands Studio has announced economist and strategy expert David Hanna as the new Chair of the Board.
Currently the Director of Business Strategy at Monash University, he has more than 30 years' experience in the public sector in Victoria and Canberra. He has been a longstanding committee member for Film Victoria's Production Incentive Attraction Fund and is also a member of the Course Advisory Committee for the VCA's School of Film and Television.
Hanna will take over the role from former senior executive Elizabeth Eldridge, who has served as Chair since the Victorian Government took ownership of the studios in 2008.
Related
I've put together a trailer for Below which shows game play footage, as well as explaining how the rules work. Take a look.
Posted by bzwill on Apr 4th, 2013
To follow up from last weeks game play footage I've now finished putting together a trailer for Below. Below is a 2 player - same machine arcade game, designed for people who love playing games with others in the same space. It supports 2 keyboard bindings and controllers.
I wanted to use the trailer as a way to explain to people how the basic rules of the game work, I hope you enjoy it.
I would like to get a playable build of the game out soon and am I investigating options.
Anyway, thanks for taking a look, any questions or comments are appreciated.
The MPAA is outraged and offended by "The Pirate Bay and their apologists" who "seek to justify profiting from digital theft" by referring to Hollywood's founders as pirates. Not true, they claim. Instead, the early inhabitants of Hollywood were independent filmmakers who were censored by a copyright monopoly. They were freedom fighters who saw no other option than to infringe patents for the sake of creativity.
Two weeks ago we published an opinion piece where we pointed out some unfortunately-phrased comments from MPAA boss Chris Dodd.
The former congressman pointed out that the film industry was able to thrive because of intellectual property protections.
“The ability to give birth to an idea and convert it into economic success, whether it is the content of a film or the technology of the internet, depends on copyright and patent protection,” he said, referring to the history of US film.
We thought that was ironic. Why? Because Hollywood was founded by a group of independent filmmakers who “fled” from Edison's patents, among other things. The full story (see Copyhype) is richer, but it's a well-known fact that those who now rule Hollywood refused to obey the patents.
To emphasize the irony we described Hollywood's founders as “thieves” and “pirates,” using quotation marks. Aside from these terms, the events described in our article are mostly undisputed. In no way did we say that this history justifies modern-day piracy, we simply pointed out that Dodd's comments were unfortunate.
The MPAA, however, doesn't like to be called pirates. In a recent blog post they refer to the Copyhype post, claiming that what we and others such as Lawrence Lessig wrote is all lies. We are thieves.
“If you ask the operators of The Pirate Bay and their apologists, they'll say Hollywood was built by a band of pirates, fleeing stringent East Coast patent protections to a free and open land to create at will. This theory conveniently parallels their own existence, as they seek to justify profiting from digital theft.”
And these thieves are wrong, the MPAA claims.
Hollywood's founders were no pirates, but freedom fighters who rebelled against a “copyright” monopoly.
“The patents at issue were held by the Motion Picture Patents Company, which, through restrictive tie-in agreements and licensing practices, severely impeded independent filmmakers from entering the market.”
Hmmm, that sounds familiar.
These independent filmmakers lost the first patent lawsuit, but eventually the court sided with them.
“The status quo was challenged, and shortly afterwards, the Supreme Court determined that MPPC's licensing practices give it ‘a potential power for evil over' movie producers which ‘would be gravely injurious to th[e] public interest.' This 1917 ruling severely undermined MPPC's unfair business practices.”
Fair enough, but the MPAA's version of the truth doesn't change anything about the fact that the founders of Hollywood were challenging existing patents. That they won in the end doesn't mean that patents weren't violated in the years before.
So Dodd's comment that “the ability to give birth to an idea and convert it into economic success, whether it is the content of a film or the technology of the internet, depends on copyright and patent protection,” is still rather unfortunate.
Especially because Dodd specifically referenced a time where patents were infringed en masse.
Also, the MPAA's response in their recent blog post is in itself unfortunate. The lobby group says that Hollywood's freedom fighters beat Edison because the court agreed that the MPPC had “a potential power for evil over” movie producers which “would be gravely injurious to th[e] public interest.”
Interesting, because today the MPAA is also quite powerful. They are the moral judge who decides what films the public is allowed to see. Not just for the major studios they represent, but also films of independent studios who are NOT an MPAA member company.
Through its ratings system they can make or break films, a “potential power for evil” for sure. Just ask South Park creator Matt Stone or watch “This Film is Not Yet Rated” to get an idea of what's going on behind the scenes.
Fin.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Cuba is famous for producing top-class ballet dancers but defections have become common
Six dancers with Cuba's National Ballet have arrived in Miami after defecting while on tour in Puerto Rico at the weekend.
Pedro Pablo Pena, director of the Cuban Classical Ballet of Miami, said the four men and two women had found their careers on the island limited.
Cuban dancers, who earn $30 a month on average, often defect while on tour.
The most recent case was in March 2013 when seven members of the same group defected during a visit to Mexico.
Mr Pena says he spoke to four of the dancers on Sunday and pledged to support them while they determine their next steps.
Mr Pena himself is an exiled Cuban dancer and has taken in numerous ballerinas throughout the years.
He told Spanish news agency EFE he believed at least 35 dancers had sought asylum in the US since 2007.
Cuba is famous for producing top-class ballet dancers and its well-known National Ballet School re-opened last year after more than $2m (£1.2m) of restoration work.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday that transgender people should be allowed to use whichever bathroom they prefer.
During a town hall on NBC, Trump said North Carolina's anti-LGBT bathroom measure, which has hurt the state economically, wasn't necessary and sought to address a problem that wasn't really a big issue. The bill also prohibits local municipalities from passing additional measures to protect lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people from discrimination.
"North Carolina did something that was very strong and they're paying a big price. There are a lot of problems," Trump said. "You leave it the way it is. There have been very few complaints the way it is. People go, they use the bathroom they feel is appropriate, there has been so little trouble, and the problem with what happened in North Carolina is the strife, and the economic punishment that they're taking."
Advocates of the North Carolina law, which only allows people to use the restroom that corresponds with the gender on their birth certificate, say it is necessary to protect the privacy of children. As Trump pointed out, the suggestion that allowing transgender people to use the bathroom they want will jeopardize the safety of other people is a myth.
Trump's position is a clear break from his rival for the Republican nomination, Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas), who has called the North Carolina bill a "perfectly reasonable determination for the people to make.”
“Men should not be going to the bathroom with little girls,” he said in an MSNBC town hall earlier this month.
Cruz repeated that position in response to Trump on Thursday and accused him of bending to political correctness.
"Donald Trump is no different from politically correct leftist elites. Today, he joined them in calling for grown men to be allowed to use little girls' public restrooms," Cruz said in a statement. "As the dad of young daughters, I dread what this will mean for our daughters - and for our sisters and our wives. It is a reckless policy that will endanger our loved ones."
Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who is also seeking the Republican nomination, has said he would not have signed the North Carolina law.
Trump added that he isn't sure if he had transgender people working for him in the Trump organization but "probably did." He also said he would feel comfortable letting Caitlyn Jenner, who came out as transgender last year, use whichever bathroom she felt comfortable choosing in Trump Tower.
﻿This story has been updated to include Cruz's statement.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Last week we told you about the Reddit's internal discussion about its not-so-welcoming attitude towards women who use the site. We called up Reddit general manager Erik Martin to find out what — if anything — can be done about the hostility many said they encountered. Martin said he knows about the site's gender problems. And as we noted in our previous post, this isn't anything new. "It's something we've thought about and read a lot of commentary about for a long time," he told us. Part of the problem, he said, goes back to the beginnings of Reddit as a community for coders "which are also disproportionately male, and that's a whole ‘nother issue which is something we'd like to see change in the world, too. That's probably the biggest one thing and it kind of became in its own sense a self perpetuating thing after that."
So, how to fix it? Besides altering the skewed gender demographics, Martin explained making women more comfortable on Reddit will come through helping people find communities, or Subreddits, within the site that are not being trolled by misogynists. "Reddit is sort of a community of communities and there are certainly communities where you don't see those cultural trends and there are ones where you absolutely do," Martin said. "As we do a better job of helping people find what they are looking for on Reddit and the communities they are looking for on Reddit and also help people do a better job of cultivating and creating the communities that they want I think there will be even more choices to participate and feel comfortable when they are there no matter what their interests are."
From Pygmalion to Ex Machina, the idea – and the ideal – of building a ‘perfect woman' has come down through history. A new book explores why
From mechanical dolls to the eponymous Coppélia, the Jetsons' Rosie to Ex Machina's beguiling Ava, the lure of technology to create a manifestation of “the perfect woman” has long proved seductive.
But just why are automatons so attractive? And just what is this “perfect woman” anyway? Rounding up a veritable sorority of artificial Eves, Julie Wosk delves into the issues in her latest book My Fair Ladies, casting an analytical eye over female depictions, both physical and fictitious, to explore the history and the future of Woman 2.0.
For Wosk, the notion of artificial women has long been intriguing – fresh from her studies she worked as a copywriter on Playboy magazine before returning to academia. “I had just gotten out of Harvard [and] the salesman would come down the [corridor] selling false eyelashes and you were totally expected to buy them,” she says. The stint was enlightening. “I didn't find it appalling – I thought there was something intriguing about it.” But, as her book reveals, technology has offered more than synthetic lashes – it unleashed the tantalising possibility of a bespoke woman, moulded to the mind of its creator who more often than not has been male.
The fantasy is far from a modern phenomenon. Even in Ancient Rome, poets were toying with the notion of crafting their ideal partner. “In Ovid's myth of Pygmalion [he's] dissatisfied with real women so he creates a beautiful sculpture,” explains Wosk. Since then the “perfect woman” has found herself depicted in myriad forms, from physical automatons to slick celluloid creations. But whatever their form, the underlying traits are often strikingly similar. “I think the notion of perfection has long been imbibed with this idea of a woman who is docile and easily controlled, compliant and unthreatening and that she is somehow superior to real women because of that,” says Wosk. “And almost always they love to cook, are sexually available and they share men's interests.” Silence, it would seem, is also perceived as golden: “In a lot of [the films] the woman doesn't talk,” says Wosk.
As technology has evolved, so too has the depiction of this android woman. “One of the technologies that came out early in these films are push buttons and remote controls and those really tie in with the idea of controlling women,” explains Wosk. “The technology made it possible to create fantasies about control.”
Yet despite the fields of artificial intelligence and robotics becoming ever more sophisticated, and the theme of undetectable androids blossoming, there is still some way to go before we end up with a plethora of Stepford wives. “[Technologists] are still working out all the issues to create a seamless virtuality – so you don't go into that uncanny valley where you become aware that it's artificial,” Wosk explains. Not that everyone is too bothered whether their synthetic woman is really and truly perfect – as Wosk points out the market for high-tech silicon sex dolls is already burgeoning.
But while synthetic women offer their creators the temptation of power, a recurring trope is the possibility of malfunction, defiance or loss, be it the tragic consequences wrought by the titular android of EE Kellett's 1901 story The Lady Automaton, or the poignant retreat of the smooth-talking Samantha in Spike Jonze's Her. And with the feminist movement, rise of women in STEM and technological progress pushing those concepts further, Wosk believes filmmakers, whatever their gender, have a rich and complex terrain to explore. “On the one hand it is empowering for women in film, a [synthetic] female character, to be able to resist the stereotype and the role she has been cast in and go off on her own,” says Wosk.
“But then these films are imbedded with the old Frankenstein anxiety about what happens when what we create eludes our control and that is such a huge topic in any discussion of robots these days.”
And not every film embraces tech, As Wosk reveals, films like Cherry 2000 turn the fantasy on its head: “The real woman ultimately turns out to be the perfect woman,” she says.
My Fair Ladies: Female Robots, Androids and Other Artificial Eves is published by Rutgers University Press, paperback price $29.95
Following through with its threat to clamp down on anti-social behavour, Football Federation Australia announced it will be applying a three-point deduction to the Western Sydney Wanderers' A-League points tally after the club's disruption of the A-League fixture schedule.
The Wanderers' Asian Champions League victory against FC Seoul on Wednesday night leaves the 2014/15 A-League fixture schedule in tatters, with matches needing to be rescheduled to accommodate the club's ongoing commitments. FFA spokesperson Clive Umani, flanked by the Head of A-League Damien De Bohun, told reporters on Thursday the Wanderers' “wanton disregard” for the established schedule is the type of disruptive behaviour that administration will not tolerate.
“The FFA warned the Wanderers last season that any further destructive behaviour, from the club or its fans, would be met with severe penalties. With the A-League fixture schedule in need of significant repairs less than two weeks from the start of the season, FFA has no choice but to deduct three points from the team's season point tally, meaning the club will start the upcoming season on minus three points.”
When approached for comment, a spokesperson for the Wanderers told FMF the club wasn't concerned by the three-point deduction, saying the A-League provides the Wanderers with the perfect pre-season preparation for ACL 2015, so the club is grateful for the opportunity to compete in it regardless of how many points they score.
Several A-League clubs released statements praising the FFA for its quick and efficient handling of the situation, with Melbourne Victory chairman Anthony Di Pietro saying, “On behalf of the club, we're happy the FFA has finally given the Wanderers' the treatment they've deserved since joining the competition.”
Di Pietro added that other A-League clubs, especially Melbourne Victory, would never seek to inconvenience the A-League by making the Asian Champions League finals, so he hoped the Wanderers would learn from this experience when they compete in the ACL in 2015.
The outcast goalkeeper is keen to sort out his future, and has spoken to one club in Spain while also keeping his options open regarding another Premier League move
EXCLUSIVE
Victor Valdes has held talks with Espanyol over a summer move as his nightmare Manchester United spell comes towards an end.
The Spanish goalkeeper was sent on loan to Standard Liege in January with the expectation that he would see out the final six months of his United contract with the Belgian side.
But while he officially returned to the Red Devils in late April after Standard decided they no longer required the 34-year-old, Valdes has been conspicuous by his absence from United's Carrington training complex, according to Goal sources.
And now it has been confirmed by sources in Catalunya that the former Barcelona goalkeeper's advisors have had a number of meetings with Espanyol with a view to a transfer in the summer.
Valdes had been confident of closing a deal with Los Periquitos in the autumn, but Espanyol eventually decided to continue with Pau Lopez in goal. However, they have now returned to the table and could well bring in the 20-time Spain No.1.
An extension to Valdes' Premier League career might yet be possible though, with the goalkeeper said to be open to the thought of signing a deal with another English outfit, despite his ordeal at Old Trafford.
Valdes originally arrived at United in the autumn of 2014 to train his way back towards fitness following the knee injury that signalled the end of his Barcelona career.
After signing an 18-month deal with the Old Trafford side he made only two first-team appearances before being ostracised by manager Louis van Gaal for an alleged refusal to play in an under-21 fixture.
Opening next week at the Bold Hype Gallery in New York, Spoke Art‘s Quentin vs. Coens art show is shaping up nicely. We're already showed you one batch of images and premiered an awesome Pulp Fiction poster but now we've got an exclusive set of seven images by one of our favorite artists, Tim Doyle. He's recreated an iconic image from each of Tarantino's films and, today, we reveal the first four. Tomorrow, you can see the full set.
Plus, as an added bonus, Doyle took us through his thought process for each and every one of these images. This is an awesome read for fans of poster art, Quentin Tarantino and more. Check out Reservoir Dogs, Kill Bill Volume 1 and Volume 2 as well as Death Proof after the jump.
Quentin vs. Coens will be open from April 7-9 at the Bold Hype Gallery, 547 W 27th St, 5th floor, NY, NY. The show opens at 6 p.m. for an opening reception on April 7. The gallery is usually open from noon-5 Tuesday-Saturday, but those hours might be extended for this show. Visit boldhype.net or call 212-868-2322 for more info.
And now, here's Tim Doyle.
The fine folks over at SpokeArt.net have put together a MASSIVE art show celebrating the films of Quentin Tarantino and the Coen Bros. and they've asked me to participate. Since I did five prints for their previous show, a Wes Anderson tribute (called “Bad Dads”), I decided that I had to go even bigger this time around and set out to create SEVEN pieces. As hard as it was to choose, I went with doing all seven of Tarantino's features, and leave the Coens aside for now. A heartbreaking choice, as Raising Arizona is in my top 5 desert island films- along with Pee-Wee's Big Adventure, Robocop, Blade Runner, and Babe 2: Pig in the City. (SERIOUSLY.) But it did give me a chance to re-watch all of Quentin's films, and see a couple for the first time. I do realize that ‘having' to watch movies being a large part of my job is just about the craziest thing that could happen to me, but I digress. I've met and talked to Tarantino several times in the past, having been a manager/creative type person at the Alamo Drafthouse at my last job. And let me say, the guy is every bit as energetic and crazed as he appears to be in all those DVD special features. He is a fanboy in the extreme. A giant, tall, animated weirdo who will talk over and through you, and you just have to nod and hold on to the conversation for dear life. In my limited experience, he's exhausting to be around. But, it's that crazy passion and energy that he pours into his work and it comes screaming off the screen at you.
“Mr. Orange dying in a 1972 Pontiac Lemans Coupe Convertible”
12×24 first edition of 175 hand pulled silkscreen prints, signed and numbered by the artist.
I hadn't seen Reservoir Dogs in a long time, probably since it was first released on video, and I was really blown away by how freaking tight the film is. Compared to the expansivness of Kill Bill or the rambling nature of Death Proof, Dogs pretty much happens entirely in a small room, with some creative use of flashbacks to build tension, inform characters, and pull the goddamn rug out from underneath you. It's brilliant. It's also from 1992 which means I'm old and I'm going to die any day now. I was also surprised by how violent it WASN'T. Oh, don't get me wrong- horrible things happen to people in this film, but it's almost completely all off-camera. For me, the whole film is about the bond these two characters form- Mr. White and Mr. Orange. The entire caper, and all the character's lives come undone because of the tight honor-bond that White has with Orange. Orange took a bullet in the gut and White is going to see him saved come hell or high water. It's in this car that the seeds of destruction are sown, a pact made in a bloody hand-clasp. And damn, what a car it is. It's a big honking chunk of US steel, and while it's not out of place in the film stylistically, it's a definite conscious decision on the part of the filmmakers. I wanted to capture the thick, hazy sky of LA in this piece, as White and Orange drive past the train yard. I hadn't attempted a split-fountain blend like this before, and was really pleased with how it turned out. I'm also a big fan of all the completely unexplainable ‘city / industrial junk' that populates our lives, like the telephone pole and whatever the hell that other thing is in the background there. These objects are always around us, but we're never really cognizant of them. They're otherworldly and commonplace at the same time. While I did watch all the movies in order for prepping on this project, I created these prints in order of when the ideas came to me. Next up is the Kill Bill 2. I hadn't seen the Kill Bill films since they were in cinemas (at the late, lamented Dobie Theater here in Austin) and it was fantastic to revisit them. They really are a film-lover's dream. There are so many flavors smashed in together, but instead of overwhelming the palette, they blend sublimely. Like a really good burrito. Hmm. I apologize, I've not yet eaten lunch.
“Pai Mei Awaits”
12×24 edition of 175, hand pulled silkscreen print, signed and numbered by the artist.
In the film, when the Bride ascends the staircase to Pai Mei's mountaintop home, and we get our first look at Pai Mei- I knew we had just shifted gears into a new genre. While the ‘House of Blue Leaves' bit from part 1 had been a Japanese/Yakuza send-up, this was clearly going to be a Chinese-style Shaw Bros. influenced training segment, and I couldn't have been happier. I spent several Sunday afternoons in my youth watching badly dubbed Kung-Fu epics on UHF 27 in Dallas, and Pai Mei was a recurring character in a lot of those films. This was truly a brilliant choice by a very smart nerd- Tarantino does not disappoint. This print has the least amount of screens used out of the series, only 4. But it's all the transparencies and overlays with the ink that gives it a wide range of color. The split fountain in the sky is printed over top of the brown in the trees, giving it some atmospheric perspective and some real depth. This was my first time trying a transparent split like that, and I'm really happy with the result. Like all split fountains, the printer is blending colors on the screen itself, so each one is a little different.
“The Swan Song of Oren-Ishii”
12×24 edition of 175, hand pulled silkscreen print, signed and numbered by the artist.
I looped back and did Kill Bill 1 next. As tempting as it was to depict the actual sword battle between the Bride and the Crazy 88's or the Bride and Oren, I found this scene to be the most engaging. The transition from the frantic and violent and completely unrealistic (and completely awesome) sword fight inside the House of Blue Leaves to this exterior snow scene is probably my favorite segment in the film. It felt like Dorothy exiting her house into OZ- the stillness and peace and change right then is palpable, almost tactile. The viewer knows that no matter what's just happened, this is something new. The soft fade in the blue-black sky was an effect I wanted to make sure I got perfectly from the film, as it really captures the mood I wanted to convey in this piece. And the addition of the falling snow turns what would have been a very static image into a living and moving thing. It's a trick I first picked up when doing the ‘White Dragon' Blade Runner tribute piece a while back- an atmospheric effect like that can really help bring a piece alive.
“A 1971 Chevy Nova Making Love to a 1996 Honda Civic”
12×24 edition of 175, signed and numbered by the artist.
The next print I tackled was Death Proof. I had actually never seen Death Proof (or Planet Terror for that matter), so I was definitely interested in finally watching the thing. The first segment in Death Proof was made in Austin where I live, and while I was working at an Iron-On t-shirt shop there, the costume department had come in and bought quite a few shirts to use on screen- most notably the bootleg Tura Satana shirt worn by the ‘Shanna' character. And yes, the already super-small ladies small American Apparel cap-sleeve t-shirt that was worn on camera had to be taken in and made smaller still for the actress. Which leads me to believe that all Hollywood actresses have never heard of hamburgers. But I digress. Death Proof is not my favorite of Tarantino's films, but having seen my share (and your share, and probably the next 10 people's share) of Grindhouse films, I knew what he was shooting for, and I appreciate the intent, at least. HOWEVER- the film has one hum-dinger of a car accident. It's really a masterstroke of practical effects and sheer violence. Obviously in the film there's the undercurrent of Stuntman Mike's car-crash proclivities being a metaphorical (and possibly actual) sexual release, but I also think there's another level in that these big old American cars can really wreck house on the smaller, crappier modern cars. Mike's Nova totally disassembles the Civic in the first half, and it isn't until the girls in the second half get their hands on a Challenger are they a match for Mike. In fact- in the big car chase at the end, all the modern plastic vehicles are merely obstacles to be overcome in this epic muscle-car duel. (Please note, I drive a 2007 Prius…sigh.) Anyone familiar with my work knows that I absolutely LOVE the work of Geoff Darrow, and the way he handles movement and chaos and destruction all with an incredible eye to detail. And his love for BIG old American cars comes screaming off the page of all his comics. Heck, Big Guy (From Darrow's “Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot”) looks like a 57 Chevy decided to stand up and start fighting Kaiju. This piece is in many ways just as inspired by Darrow's cover to Hard Boiled #1 as it is by Death Proof. I rarely go super-gory with my stuff, but Jungle Julia's severed leg's arterial spray and its subsequent bouncing off the pavement like slo-mo Jello said ‘draw this' to me. Of course, it might have been having to suffer through almost an hour of inane, poseur girl-talk that made me rejoice in their complete on-camera evisceration. On further reflection, it might be sentences like the two previous that made my middle-school English teacher suggest I needed counseling.
Check back tomorrow for the rest of Doyle's images. You can get a sneak peak of Inglourious Basterds here. For more information on the show, visit Spoke Art's homepage, their Facebook page or the show's event page.
Update 2: What seems to have caused Hurd to resign is that the HP board of directors, investigating a sexual harrassment allegation by a contractor, discovered he cheated on expense reports. Some of this money seems to have gone to the contractor in question. That's pretty bizarre, considering how much money this guy has.
If you know who the contractor is, please email tips@businessinsider.com.
Updates:
Earlier: Hewlett-Packard CEO Mark Hurd just resigned over sexual harassment accusations by a former HP contractor.
CFO Cathie Lesjak will step in as CEO on an interim basis.
The HP board of directors launched an independent investigation into Hurd's behavior after a letter was sent to outside legal counsel on June 29, HP general counsel Michael Holston told reporters on a conference call.
The consultant accusing Hurd of sexual harassment performed marketing services for the company, Holston said.
The news comes out as HP reported preliminary second quarter earnings. At $30.7 billion, revenues for the quarter were a little better than analysts expected
HP underwent a major turnaround under Hurd, so this could be a major blow. The company is thought to have a deep bench of executives, however.
Marc Andresseen and three other directors have formed a search committee for the CEO position. HP will consider outside and internal candidates.
In a statement, Hurd said:
"As the investigation progressed, I realized there were instances in which I did not live up to the standards and principles of trust, respect and integrity that I have espoused at HP and which have guided me throughout my career. After a number of discussions with members of the board, I will move aside and the board will search for new leadership. This is a painful decision for me to make after five years at HP, but I believe it would be difficult for me to continue as an effective leader at HP and I believe this is the only decision the board and I could make at this time. I want to stress that this in no way reflects on the operating performance or financial integrity of HP."
"The corporation is exceptionally well positioned strategically. HP has an extremely talented executive team supported by a dedicated and customer focused work force. I expect that the company will continue to be successful in the future."
Here's the full release:
HP today announced that Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mark Hurd has decided with the Board of Directors to resign his positions effective immediately.
The Board has appointed CFO Cathie Lesjak, 51, as CEO on an interim basis. Lesjak is a 24-year veteran of the company who has served as HP's CFO and as a member of the company's Executive Council since January 2007. She oversees all company financial matters and will retain her CFO responsibilities during the interim period.
Hurd's decision was made following an investigation by outside legal counsel and the General Counsel's Office, overseen by the Board, of the facts and circumstances surrounding a claim of sexual harassment against Hurd and HP by a former contractor to HP. The investigation determined there was no violation of HP's sexual harassment policy, but did find violations of HP's Standards of Business Conduct.
A Search Committee of the Board of Directors has been created, consisting of Marc L. Andreessen, Lawrence T. Babbio, Jr., John H. Hammergren, and Joel Z. Hyatt, which will oversee the process for the identification and selection of a new CEO and Board Chair. HP's lead independent director, Robert Ryan, will continue in that position.
Hurd said: "As the investigation progressed, I realized there were instances in which I did not live up to the standards and principles of trust, respect and integrity that I have espoused at HP and which have guided me throughout my career. After a number of discussions with members of the board, I will move aside and the board will search for new leadership. This is a painful decision for me to make after five years at HP, but I believe it would be difficult for me to continue as an effective leader at HP and I believe this is the only decision the board and I could make at this time. I want to stress that this in no way reflects on the operating performance or financial integrity of HP."
"The corporation is exceptionally well positioned strategically," Hurd continued. "HP has an extremely talented executive team supported by a dedicated and customer focused work force. I expect that the company will continue to be successful in the future."
Robert Ryan, lead independent director of the Board, said: "The board deliberated extensively on this matter. It recognizes the considerable value that Mark has contributed to HP over the past five years in establishing us as a leader in the industry. He has worked tirelessly to improve the value of HP, and we greatly appreciate his efforts. He is leaving this company in the hands of a very talented team of executives. This departure was not related in any way to the company's operational performance or financial condition, both of which remain strong. The board recognizes that this change in leadership is unexpected news for everyone associated with HP, but we have strong leaders driving our businesses, and strong teams of employees driving performance."
"The scale, global reach, broad portfolio, financial strength and, very importantly, the depth and talent of the HP team are sustainable advantages that uniquely position the company for the future," said Lesjak. "I accept the position of interim CEO with the clear goal to move the company forward in executing HP's strategy for profitable growth. We have strong market momentum and our ability to execute is irrefutable as demonstrated by our Q3 preliminary results."
Lesjak has taken herself out of consideration as the permanent CEO but will serve as interim CEO until the selection process is complete. Candidates from both inside and outside the company will be considered. The selection of a new chairman will occur in conjunction with the CEO decision.
The company does not expect to make any additional structural changes or executive leadership changes in the near future.
HP announces preliminary third quarter results; raises full-year outlook for revenue and non-GAAP EPS
HP is announcing preliminary results for the third fiscal quarter 2010, with revenue of approximately $30.7 billion up 11% compared with the prior-year period.
In the third quarter, preliminary GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) were approximately $0.75 and non-GAAP diluted EPS were approximately $1.08. GAAP and non-GAAP EPS were negatively impacted by $0.02 pertaining to one-time charges relating to the previously announced U.S. Department of Justice settlement. Non-GAAP diluted EPS estimates exclude after-tax costs of approximately $0.33 per share, related primarily to restructuring, amortization of purchased intangible assets and acquisition-related charges.
For the fourth fiscal quarter of 2010, HP estimates revenue of approximately $32.5 billion to $32.7 billion, GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $1.03 to $1.05 and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $1.25 to $1.27. Non-GAAP diluted EPS estimates exclude after-tax costs of approximately $0.22 per share, related primarily to restructuring, amortization of purchased intangible assets and acquisition-related charges.
For the full year, HP now expects revenue in the range of $125.3 billion to $125.5 billion. FY10 GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.62 to $3.64 and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the ranged of $4.49 to $4.51. FY10 non-GAAP diluted EPS estimates exclude after-tax costs of approximately $0.87 per share, related primarily to restructuring, amortization of purchased intangibles and acquisition-related charges.
HP plans to release its final results for the third fiscal quarter on Thursday, Aug. 19, 2010, with a conference call at 6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT to provide additional details.
HP to hold media and financial analyst calls today
This afternoon HP will conduct audio webcasts for the media and financial analysts to discuss today's announcement.
Conference call for the media: 4:15 p.m. ET/1:15 p.m. PT. Members of the press can dial in at +1 866 713 8567 or +1 617 597 5326, participant code 29494237.
Audio webcast for financial analysts and stockholders: 4:45 p.m. ET/1:45 p.m. PT. Access the live audio webcast at www.hp.com/investor/IRbriefing. It is recommended that attendees dial in 15 minutes early to avoid registration delays.
Former President Bill Clinton campaigns for his wife, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, at Washington Park in Over-the-Rhine in Cincinnati on Friday (Photo: AP Photo/John Minchillo)
Hillary Clinton needs your vote and she needs it now, her husband and former president Bill Clinton told a Cincinnati rally on Friday.
“If you don't want a guy who will drive a truck off a cliff, don't give him the keys,” he said, referring to Republican candidate Donald Trump. “So here's what I want to say to you. I want you to give her the keys.”
Clinton's rally, his second of the day in Ohio, was aimed at encouraging supporters to vote early. Voting opened in Ohio on Wednesday.
The former president was flanked by Ohio and U.S. flags and sheaves of dead cornstalks, a curious prop in the middle of the city.
Minutes into his speech, several protesters interrupted him with yells, one shouting "justice" over and over. Clinton smiled as security grabbed the first protester.
"His side has had a very bad week, so let's give him a hand and make him feel good," he said, and the crowd cheered in response.
"Bye, bye," said one rally attendee as a protester was escorted out, still yelling.
About a thousand supporters filled the rally area in the central area of the park. Prior to Clinton speaking, Clinton volunteers circulated among the crowd with clipboards, signing up supporters to help the campaign.
Halbert Thomas, 71, of Covington, said he's convinced Clinton is on the "right side of justice" on policy issues, and knows the foreign leaders with whom the U.S needs to work. But he was at the rally to make a point that Trump and his supporters, who rallied in Cincinnati on Thursday, don't define America.
“I want to make sure it's clear and clearer that Hillary Clinton has support and Donald Trump does not," he said. "When they say Americans say this or that? Not this American.”
This is the second week Bill Clinton has barnstormed the state speaking in support of his wife. Last week, a bus tour. On Friday, a visit to very Republican Delaware County before his trip to friendlier Hamilton County, which backed President Barack Obama in 2012.
Hillary Clinton is riding an improved set of polls this week in Ohio, the quintessential swing state. She currently leads Trump by about 2 points, according to the Real Clear Politics average of recent polling, well within the margin of error. If Clinton wins Ohio, the road to the White House for Republican foe Donald Trump gets very rocky. No Republican has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio.
“I am telling you, we're so close," Bill Clinton told the Cincinnati crowd. "But you've got to vote for the right kinds of policies and the right kind of leader.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Clinton campaign has put a strong emphasis on early voting, traditionally a bastion of Democratic votes. And the former president has been a regular surrogate for Clinton in Ohio, a state Bill Clinton won twice. But Trump has targeted Bill Clinton as a central campaign strategy less than a month before the election, referring frequently to the Monica Lewinsky scandal and highlighting women who accuse Clinton of sexual assault.
"Bill has become a liability as his decades-long history of sexual assault and admitted workplace abuse of a White House intern call renewed attention to the hypocrisy of Hillary's desperate campaign strategy," said Seth Unger, Trump Ohio campaign spokesman, in a news release issued in advance of Bill Clinton's Friday rallies. "The Clinton's are masters at the politics of personal destruction, and over the next 24 days will continue their 24-year scorched earth quest to control the highest office in the land."
But Kelly Burton, 60, of Over-the-Rhine, said she was in Washington Park to see Bill Clinton because of how much she thought of the former president.
Burton was quick to assure a reporter she had voted early for Clinton. She sees her as a "real person," she said. She mentioned Clinton championing the Children's Health Insurance Program while a U.S. senator representing New York.
Burton was excited to see Bill Clinton. She stood on a park bench for a better view.
“He's a really good man, he loves his wife, he's a family man," she said. "Get Donald Trump out of here. He's a damn fool.”
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2eeDuii
Last Saturday, Mingyur Rinpoche gave a talk at a small temple in Suwon. His talk was centered around the Prayers for Long-Kindness and compassion. Near the beginning, he spoke a bit of Buddha-nature, and I thought it complimented Dae Haeng Kun Sunim's teachings nicely;
We are all looking for our home. We are homesick. I think we've all got homesick, so we are trying to return to our home. Our home is Buddha-nature.
The Buddha gave one example; There is a bird and the bird has a nest. Sometimes the bird flies away, flies very far. But the bird doesn't think he's going to stay there. Always he's going to return to its nest, because the real home for a bird is its nest. The real home for us is our true-nature, our Buddha-nature.
Because I wish to be happy and I don't want to be suffering is a sign of Buddha-nature. And this is also the basis of Loving-Kindness and compassion.
Dewhurst, who finished a distant second in March, has reached into his own pocket, trying to mount a comeback and shed accusations he's become too entrenched and moderate after 11 years in office. But Patrick has seemingly attracted more support — a $4 million haul of donations in the last two months — impressive even by Texas' lofty political fundraising standards.
Candidates have wooed GOP voters by saying Texas can do more to expand gun rights, further restrict access to abortion and increase police presence on the Texas-Mexico border to slow the flow of immigrants in the United States illegally.
Tea party-backed candidates have also admonished the Republican-controlled Legislature as being financially reckless while vowing to slash economic incentives they deride as corporate welfare.
Unlike in 2010 and 2012, tea party-backed candidates in Texas and elsewhere are dealing with a disappointing election year, particularly in congressional and U.S. Senate races. But when it comes to statewide races, many candidates are trying to emulate Ted Cruz, a once little-known state solicitor general who upset Dewhurst for the 2012 U.S. Senate nomination.
Researchers from the Michoacan University of San Nicolás de Hidalgo in Mexico have designed a new type of phosphorescent cement - one that could be used to illuminate pathways or buildings without using electricity.
The team took the raw materials used in cement, and with the addition of certain additives, modified the optical properties of the cement to make it phosphorescent.
Phosphorescent materials work by absorbing energy from radiation, and later, they emit it as light, which can be seen once it gets dark.
Scientific American outlines how the process works:
"By using additives, scientists are able to prevent the formation of crystals that occur normally during the production of cement, creating a material with a noncrystalline structure - similar to glass - that allows passage of light inside. Varying the proportion of additives added while manufacturing the cement regulates both its luminescent intensity and colour."
The team asserts that the cement will be able to absorb enough energy to remain illuminated for up to 12 hours, even when the day is cloudy. However, they note that its stability should be further studied and that they also need to investigate how to repair it when it's damaged.
Similar products were manufactured before. In the Netherlands, there is a bicycle lane inspired by van Gogh's Starry Night made by covering stones with phosphorescent paint - the difference here is that the concrete itself has the phosphorescent properties built into it.
The path was developed by Daan Roosegaarde as a tribute to Vincent van Gogh:
Studio Roosegaarde
This article was originally published by Futurism. Read the original.
Home Daily News Family court judge rules Obergefell applies…
Family Law
Family court judge rules Obergefell applies retroactively, and women had a common-law marriage
A same-sex couple who split up after about 30 years together had a common-law marriage, a South Carolina family law court judge recently ruled.
It might be the first time in a family law court trial that a judge determined Obergefell v. Hodges, the 2015 U.S. Supreme Court opinion that validated same-sex marriage, applies retroactively, lawyer David Martin told the The Herald.
He represents Debra Parks, who asked the court for a division of property. Her former partner argued that she did not consider their relationship a marriage. The newspaper did not name the woman, who reportedly fears negative repercussions about her sexual orientation.
Parks, 62, is disabled, according to the article. She and the woman became a couple in 1977, when Parks was still married to a man. Judge Thomas White, who sits in York County, found that the common-law marriage began in 1987, when Parks divorced her husband. He will rule on spousal support in a few weeks, Jim Tucker, who is Parks' other lawyer, told the newspaper.
Parks and her former partner are listed as the owners of a Rock Hill home, according to the article, and they had joint bank accounts. Also, they reportedly presented themselves as a married couple to some family and friends. They split up in 2016.
Eight states, including South Carolina, recognize common-law marriage, according to the article.
“We owned a house together. We were a family, even when society didn't accept it,” Parks said. “I want people in my situation to know they do have rights and can get help.”
In 2015, 31.5% of Canadians aged 12 and older, roughly 9 million people, reported that they had consumed fruits and vegetables five or more times per day.Note 1Note 2 Females were more likely than males to report consuming fruits and vegetables five or more times per day. In 2015, 38.0% of females and 24.8% of males reported such consumptionNote 3.
Fruit and vegetable consumption provides an important source of vitamins, minerals and fiber, which may reduce the risk of heart disease and some types of cancerNote 4.
In 2015, fruit and vegetable consumption was higher among males aged 12 to 17 (30.3%) compared to older males (around 24% for all other age groups), while females aged 12 to 17 (32.3%) reported a lower consumption of fruits and vegetables than older females (around 38% in the other age groups).
Data table for Chart 1 Data table for Chart 1
Table summary
This table displays the results of Data table for Chart 1. The information is grouped by Age group (years) (appearing as row headers), Percent and Confidence Interval, calculated using Lower 95% and Upper 95% units of measure (appearing as column headers). Age group (years) Percent Confidence Interval Lower 95% Upper 95% Males Total (12 or older) 24.8 23.8 25.7 12 to 17 30.3 27.5 33.1 18 to 34 25.8 23.9 27.7 35 to 49 25.2 23.1 27.3 50 to 64 21.7 19.9 23.4 65 or older 24.9 23.1 26.7 Females Total (12 or older) 38.0 37.0 39.0 12 to 17 32.3 29.3 35.3 18 to 34 36.8 34.8 38.9 35 to 49 40.3 38.1 42.5 50 to 64 39.4 37.5 41.3 65 or older 36.9 35.0 38.8
The proportion of residents who reported eating fruits and vegetables at least five times daily was lower than the national average (31.5%) in:
Newfoundland and Labrador (22.5%)
Prince Edward Island (27.2%)
Nova Scotia (25.3%)
Ontario (28.7%)
British Columbia (29.9%)
The proportion of residents who reported eating fruits and vegetables at least five times daily was higher than the national average in Quebec (38.8%).
The proportion of residents who reported eating fruits and vegetables at least five times daily was about the same as the national average in the other provinces.
In 2015, fruit and vegetable consumption habits differed by the highest level of educationNote 5 attained by members of the household. When the highest level of education was below post-secondary, 24.3% of Canadians aged 12 and older ate fruits and vegetables five or more times per day. The proportion of people who consumed five or more fruits and vegetables per day was highest where post-secondary graduation was attained by a member of the household (33.4%). Fruit and vegetable consumption was also impacted by household income.Note 6 The percentage of Canadians aged 12 or older who consumed fruits and vegetables at least five times daily was lowest in households that fell within the lowest income quintile (27.4%). Consumption of fruits and vegetables among the other income quintiles did not differ from one another.
References
Garriguet, D. 2007. “Canadians' eating habits.” Health Reports. Statistics Canada Catalogue no. 82-003. Vol. 18, no. 2. (Accessed January 11th, 2017)
Pérez, C.E. 2002. “Fruit and vegetable consumption.” Health Reports. Statistics Canada Catalogue no. 82-003. Vol. 13, no. 3. (Accessed January 11th, 2017)
Data
Additional data from the Canadian Community Health Survey are available from CANSIM table 105–0508.
On Monday morning, the Al-Nusra Front (Jabhat Al-Nusra) carried out a series of attacks on the Associations Quarter of the village of Al-Zahra, with the intention to breach this stronghold protected by Hezbollah and the National Defense Forces (NDF). Unable to infiltrate Hezbollah and NDF positions, the Al-Nusra Front began to fire explosive gas canisters in the direction of residential neighborhoods, resulting in severe material damage to numerous apartment complexes and a number of wounded civilians. According to a military source, 21 gas canisters were counted by the residents living in the Associations Quarter.
Earlier today, civilians living in Al-Zahra and Nubl reported multiple sniper shots fired from the Al-Maliyya Highway; this has become prevalent since the Al-Nusra Front entrenched themselves on the outskirts of these 2 villages. At least 2 civilians have been killed and another 3 have been wounded by unidentified snipers near the highway. The Syrian Arab Air Force (SAAF) began to target the outskirts of this area following the reports and they continue to carry out airstrikes on Al-Nusra Front convoys attempting to reinforce their combatants at Al-Zahra and Nubl.
At the Al-‘Amariyya District, the NDF and the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) discovered an Islamic Front (Jabhat Al-Islamiyya) hideout and confronted the armed militants inside. A violent firefight ensued between both parties, resulting in the death of 4 soldiers from the SAA/NDF and 14 militants from the Islamic Front. The hideout was destroyed along with 4 pick-up trucks mounted with 23mm machine guns. A military source added that approximately 65 percent of the Al-‘Amariyya District is under the NDF and SAA's control.
Advertisements
Santiago Alba Rico
Ensayista y filósofo
Podemos nació de un impulso mágico en relación con el cual ningún modelo organizativo podía dejar de ser decepcionante o banal. To-dos sabemos la oportunidad que franqueó y las muchas cosas buenas que se han obtenido. Pero, empujados por la presión antagonista y por algunos errores comunicativos autolesivos, no sólo ha perdido su frescura sino que ha entrado en un precipicio organizativo “conservador” a veces inquietante, causa y efecto al mismo tiempo de la disfuncionalidad o inhabilitación de los órganos elegidos en Vistalegre, realmente plurales y prometedores pero atrapados en un “juego de tronos” que los ha vuelto inoperantes y a menudo frustrantes y dolorosos para sus propios miembros. Como colofón ahora, a pocos meses de las elecciones más importantes de la historia reciente de España y cuando ganar es menos una oportunidad que un deber político y moral, se convocan unas primarias semicandadas y a la carrera, primarias que, como era de temer, han desembocado en una lista “oficial” introspectiva con muy pocas posibilidades de movilizar gente normal para la campaña y para el voto. No es que los nombres que forman parte de ella no lo merezcan o no sean en algunos casos imprescindibles; es que no es una lista ni abierta ni plural ni de unidad popular; y no contiene ninguno de esos candidatos “de autoridad” que, a tenor del perfil del electorado, podrían marcar la diferencia.
¿Podría ocurrir algo peor que el hecho de que la dirección de Podemos declare su intención de no ganar las elecciones? Sí, que un grupo mixto de izquierdistas líquidos y sólidos se una con el propósito de que Podemos las pierda. En la lista de firmantes del manifiesto de Ahora en Común veo nombres ante los que me inclino con admiración intelectual y afecto personal. Estoy de acuerdo con ellos en su malestar y sé, porque los conozco, que obran con las mejores intenciones y a partir de los más altos principios. Pero con la suma de tantas virtudes —más el oportunismo estratégico de Alberto Garzón e IU, a los que nadie puede reprochar que aprovechen la ocasión— llegamos a un resultado paradójico e inquietante: en vísperas de las elecciones más importantes de la historia de España y cuando ganar es un imperativo moral, la crítica razonable a las primarias y a las listas oficiales propina el último empujón hacia el abismo. ¿Alguien con un mínimo de racionalidad común puede creer que esta iniciativa va a ser capaz de desbordar Podemos, apropiarse sus votantes y sumar todos los que faltan en el exterior para derrotar el bipartidismo? Seguro que muchos de los que participan en Ahora en Común obran a partir de una justificada alarma y se sienten a la altura de sus convicciones y de sus principios, pero la cuestión es más bien si no están por debajo del desafío histórico concreto ante el que nos encontramos. Sólo desde la abstracción más olímpica o desde la concreción más partidista puede ignorarse que, tanto si se trata de practicar la eutanasia a Podemos como de forzar a su dirección a una negociación, con este gesto se entra en una dinámica que, en el mundo concreto en el que vivimos, sólo puede ser perdedora. Perdedora para la gente normal que quiere ganar algo y no to-do; perdedora para la gente que prefiere hacer una choza con un poco de paja antes que una majestuosa catedral con una gran derrota.
Es verdad que la gente normal -con la que hablo de Podemos en el pueblo de Castilla donde paso mis vacaciones- se mantiene completamente al margen de este deplorable “juego de tronos”. Pero por desgracia lee periódicos malos y ve malos canales de televisión y asisten a esta pugna en torno a Podemos y lo que entienden les da un poco de repelús. La gente normal, cuyo voto queremos, no identifica a la izquierda con Stalin o con Venezuela; eso les da un poco igual; la identifica con La Vida de Brian, es decir, con las divisiones sectarias, las miserias narcisistas y la incapacidad para ponerse de acuerdo. Eso sí quita votos. La gente no confía en políticos que no son capaces de dejar a un lado sus diferencias y ponerse de acuerdo. Seguimos con nuestros tics de madriguera de vieja izquierda; seguimos queriendo “tener razón” en las catacumbas, olvidando que no estamos en una asamblea cuatrogatuna sino delante de todo el mundo y que por primera vez en décadas -si no nos lo impedimos a nosotros mismos- podríamos cambiar el país. Podemos hace la lista que menos puede convencer a la gente normal y Ahora en Común hace la oposición que más puede disuadir a la gente normal. Enhorabuena. Pocas veces se habrá visto tan poca altura de miras en una situación más favorable: una dirección tan descargada de razón y una razón crítica tan irresponsable.
La oferta que hacemos a los electores, de los que depende cualquier cambio, es ahora ésta: tenéis que elegir entre los que no quieren ganar y los que quieren perder. El peligro de que un sector de Podemos, con Pablo Iglesias a la cabeza, refundara IU siempre ha existido, pero había que buscar una alternativa que no fuera resucitar a IU. Eso es lo que hace Ahora en común y para nada. Así que en las próximas elecciones, en lugar de confluencias sustractivas o no-confluencias disuasivas, nos vamos a encontrar con el milagro de la multiplicación del cero absoluto: dos Izquierdas Unidas (¡dos!) y no una sola, igualmente membranosas y contraproducentes, que obtendrán -digamos- el 10% y el 5%, con lo que juntas podrán formar ocho o diez grupos parlamentarios desavenidos, de vuelta poco a poco -en espiral contractiva- hacia los alvéolos mohosos de los que nunca deberíamos haber salido.
Es difícil ser de izquierdas; hay que estudiar mucho, leer mucho, debatir mucho. Pero más difícil es ser normal. Lo más difícil de todo, en cualquier caso, es ser de izquierdas y normal. Conozco sólo a tres personas y una está ya en el manicomio. Lo que hay en mí de izquierdista me inclina irresitiblemente hacia el maniobrerismo, el sectarismo, el justicierismo y el alineamiento de principio. Lo que hay en mí de normal (ese hombre normal que quiere votar a Podemos como a un bien pequeño y no a un mal menor) me inclina cada vez más a la misantropía. Entre tanto, ahí fuera, cuanto más llueve menos paraguas hay. Podemos lo ha hecho mal y Ahora en común lo ha hecho peor. Pero ahora esa es la realidad real y la verdad verdadera con la que hay que contar para dar el próximo paso. Podríamos estar en otro sitio y en mejores condiciones y podemos limitarnos a echarnos la culpa unos a otros y endurecernos en nuestras posiciones. Me guardo mis rimpianti, mis reproches y mis rencores para cuando hayamos perdido o no podamos ganar. Ahora el realismo obliga -en vísperas de las elecciones más importantes de la historia de España y cuando aún es posible cambiar el país- a abordar la situación, de un lado y de otro, como si realmente las dos partes quisieran ganar. Y la gente normal, ahí fuera, existiera.
De aquí a septiembre, en definitiva, Podemos debe reaccionar, abrirse de verdad en todas direcciones, reapropiarse la ilusión de esa voluntad de cambio que ni Ahora en Común -ni ninguna otra fuerza- está en condiciones de capitalizar. Ahora en común es un error, pero también un síntoma. Señala el punto por el que Podemos puede romperse el espinazo. Si eso ocurre, no habrá ya alternativa posible y volveremos to-dos a frotarnos las patitas, como moscas ensimismadas, en un rinconcito del régimen del 2015, aún más sombrío, injusto y represor que el del 78. Podemos aún puede rectificar y generar ilusión; Ahora en Común aún puede aportar razón de otra manera. La gente normal, en resumen, aún podría ganar si no nos empeñamos en ser “de izquierdas” en un momento en el que sólo se nos reclama un poco de buen oído y un poco de buen juicio.
Two small asteroids will zip past Earth at distances closer than the moon April 6.
Newly discovered asteroid 2011 GW9 flew within 48,000 miles of Earth twice Wednesday morning at 12:53 a.m. EDT [04:53 UT], according to the Jet Propulsion Lab's Small Body Database. A second space rock, 2011 GP28, will slip within 120,000 miles of Earth at about 3:36 p.m. [19:36 UT].
GW9 is 20 feet to 46 feet across, and GP28 is between 12 feet and 26 feet across, making the bodies one-third to one-half the size of the object that slammed into a region near the Tunguska River in Russia in 1908. This time, there is no danger of a collision.
Image: Asteroid Ida as imaged by the Galileo spacecraft in 1993. (NASA)
See Also:
The 2014-15 season saw Martin Reway finish third in team scoring, earning 37 points in 34 games with HC Sparta Praha of the Czech league. It's worth noting that Reway played 14 fewer games than the team's leading scorer. Reway also captained underdog Team Slovakia to an enormous Bronze medal win at the 2015 World Junior Championship, contributing nine points in seven games.
Photo credit: HC Sparta Praha
It is unlikely we will see Reway make the jump to North America for another year or two, as he has committed to developing his game on the larger ice in the Czech Republic. Before moving back to Europe last year, the 20-year-old completed two strong seasons with the Gatineau Olympiques in the QMJHL.
Reway has produced every where he's played, from a young age. A quick look at his career statistics will show that he averages more than a point per game on a consistent basis, both on large and small ice surfaces.
The biggest challenge for Reway will be maintaining that consistency at the NHL level, if and when he makes the jump.
Votes
The highest rank Martin Reway received for this year's Top 25 Under 25 was Scott's vote in the top five. The Prague born left-winger had four top-10 votes and none lower than number 20.
Whether his size dropped him in some rankings or his skill propped him up in others, one thing is clear: the Eyes on the Prize crew are confident he is a skilled prospect with enough upside to garner consideration as a valuable player for the Habs.
Top 25 Under 25 History
In his first opportunity to crack the Top 25 Under 25, Martin Reway fell short. After being drafted in the fourth round by the Habs in 2013, Reway came in 33rd overall in our rankings. However, a strong showing at the 2014 WJC helped him leapfrog his peers to 14th overall in last year's rankings.
Another year later and Reway finds himself one position better at number 13. Considering there were some graduates ahead of him, the jump is modest at best.
Strengths
Reway's skill set draws comparisons to that of a familiar name: Alex Kovalev. Martin's stick-handling ranks highly among the Habs prospect pool. He will continue to hone that talent playing first-line minutes in the Czech Republic, where he will surely see quality ice time, including valuable power play minutes.
A playmaker at heart, Reway has great vision on the ice, and is incredibly elusive. With that kind of talent at their disposal, coaches need only support the winger with linemates blessed with strong positional instincts, so as to be ready when his puck finds their tape.
During the 2015 World Juniors, Slovakia leaned heavily on their Captain. Watching the games, it seemed as though he was on the ice every other shift (and perhaps he was). While the assignments did seem to weigh on him, his determination propelled his success.
Possibly the most impressive part of the final WJC appearance was a deviation from an offensive focus to a more rounded two-way game. As a returning player, Slovakia looked to Reway to neutralize the opponents' best players. Reway's ability to diffuse plays followed by his natural offensive instincts powered Slovakia's counter attack on route to a Bronze medal win over Sweden.
Weaknesses
Stop me if you've heard this one before. If only Martin Reway had Joe Thornton's frame, right?
Currently listed as 5'8" and 170 lbs on the Canadiens website, the stakes are stacked against Reway. Like most prospects his age, he will need to find the perfect balance in order to bulk up while maintaining his finesse. The scouts saw something in Reway, a raw talent, maybe, that convinced them to overlook his size in favour of skill.
A high risk, high reward prospect - Reway will need to look to other successful NHLers who overcame small frames to provide big production. Habs fans need look no further than Brendan Gallagher who gives nearly as much as he takes night in and night out. Even David Desharnais can be looked to as a role model, or the recently retired Martin St. Louis.
It won't be impossible for Reway to make the NHL - far from it - but it will be tough. With the right support from his coaches and teammates Martin will be able to focus on his strengths. Thanks to some extra work this summer, he did manage to tack on almost 20 lbs to his frame.
Projection
Martin Reway has the talent and consistent production numbers of a top-six winger. It remains to be seen if he will force his way into that role with the Canadiens, particularly with so many similar prospects knocking on the door.
Thus, remaining with HC Sparta Praha is probably the best course for his career at this time, so he can focus on becoming a first-line talent before making the jump back to North America.
The speedy left-winger may need to continue to develop his two-way game to secure a spot with the Habs. If recent history is any indication, Reway will need to work his way up through the lines before claiming a spot in the top six. With Max Pacioretty and Alex Galchenyuk currently occupying those left wing slots, there isn't a lot of room for Reway to make his mark.
If and when Galchenyuk moves to centre, the door will open for Reway. As is the case with most potential NHL players, Reway will face stiff competition for any open roster spot along the way.
Strathclyde University sent an email to 650 “multi-cultural” students and staff after janitors complained about “people pooing in bins, showers and the likes” and apparently not knowing there were toilets designed for such personal business.
The memo was emailed last week by the operations management team of the University's state-of-the-art Technology and Innovation Centre (TIC) to its 400 students and staff of 250.
“Given the incidence of people pooing in bins, showers and the likes, can I please remind all TIC occupants that the toilets have been provided for that specific purpose,” the memo read.
“All bodily fluids, solids and toilet paper must be disposed of down the toilet. While I appreciate that the TIC population is multi-cultural and different countries have different practices, here in the UK the accepted practice is to use only the WC.” (WC stands for “water closet” or toilet.)
A knowledgeable insider told the Daily Record that the TIC building houses “some of the most intelligent brains in the world – yet they don't appear to know how to use the toilet. The cleaners are sick of coming across poo and used toilet paper in places it just shouldn't be.”
A spokeswoman for the university, however, found the email more offensive than scholars defecating in unusual locations around the TIC and leaving feces lying around willy-nilly.
“We have apologized for any offense caused to colleagues. The email contained sentiments that are completely contrary to our institutional values and should not have been sent. It was recalled as soon as it came to our attention and we swiftly issued an apology to staff,” she stated. “We are reviewing the circumstances relating to its circulation and are taking steps to ensure that all future communications are appropriate and are consistent with our ethos.”
The Technology and Innovation Centre opened in Glasgow in 2015 and is home to “researchers, engineers and project managers from academia and industry, who will work side by side on projects spanning future cities, manufacturing, health and energy,” according to its web site.
Advertisements
The self-styled “civil rights” organization Southern Poverty Law Center, which despite mounting controversy maintains some links to government agencies, released a bizarre and factually challenged screed attacking critics and opponents of the deeply controversial United Nations plot known as Agenda 21. Apparently unfamiliar with the definition of basic words such as “conspiracy” and “theory,” or with the UN plan itself, the SPLC also lashed out at “activist groups,” “mainstream politicians,” voters, “extremists,” and others who question or oppose the UN agenda for what it calls “sustainable development” in the United States.
In mid-April, the largely discredited group released a “Special Report” entitled “Agenda 21: The UN, Sustainability and Right-Wing Conspiracy Theory.” The document tries to link opposition to the international “sustainable-development” schemes to the so-called “right-wing.” However, even in Alabama, where the SPLC is based, that discredited talking point has been exposed as ridiculous. Consider, for example, the fact that every single member of the state legislature, including all Democrats, voted in 2012 for a law to protect private property by officially banning UN Agenda 21.
“Agenda 21, a nonbinding United Nations global sustainability plan signed by the United States more than 20 years ago, is being used by extremists and mainstream politicians to stoke fears and stifle rational policymaking across the country,” the SPLC claimed in a summary of its “Special Report” posted online. Of course, the scheme was not “signed by the United States,” much less ratified by the U.S. Senate as required; it was merely signed by then-President George H.W. Bush. However, the UN plan is nevertheless being quietly foisted on Americans by all levels of government under a variety of innocent-sounding names. By “rational policymaking,” meanwhile, the SPLC presumably means the adoption of policies that the leftist fringe group supports.
Consider, also, that the SPLC's description of Agenda 21 as a harmless “nonbinding” plan is completely at odds with reality and even the UN's own documents. “Agenda 21 is a comprehensive plan of action to be taken globally, nationally and locally by organizations of the United Nations System, Governments, and Major Groups in every area in which human impacts [sic] on the environment,” the UN explains in a brief summary of the scheme posted on its website. When considering the fact that the UN considers carbon dioxide, also known as human breath, to be “pollution,” the scope of the plot becomes even more alarming to critics.
On so-called sustainability, meanwhile, the UN and its ringleaders have also been fairly explicit in explaining their goals. “Current lifestyles and consumption patterns of the affluent middle class — involving high meat intake, the use of fossil fuels, electrical appliances, home and work-place air-conditioning and suburban housing — are not sustainable,” explained UN Earth Summit Secretary-General Maurice Strong as he ushered in Agenda 21 two decades ago. In other words, the UN sustainability agenda eventually seeks to curtail people's choices in terms of food, transportation, housing, and much more. The document itself makes that abundantly clear, too.
To monitor compliance with its bizarre, totalitarian-minded scheme, signed in 1992 by dictators and politicians purporting to represent about 170 governments and autocracies, the UN even set up a committee. “The Commission on Sustainable Development (CSD) was created in December 1992 to ensure effective follow-up of UNCED, to monitor and report on implementation of the agreements at the local, national, regional and international levels,” the UN says on its website.
For the extremist SPLC, though, opposing or even questioning a UN “comprehensive plan of action” by all levels of government in “every area in which human impacts [sic] on the environment” must somehow be the handiwork of “right-wing” so-called “conspiracy theorists.” Yes, seriously; that is what the group is attempting to claim in its latest “Special Report.” Sounding wildly detached from reality — or deliberately deceptive, perhaps — report author and SPLC “Intelligence Project” Director Heidi Beirich even claimed: “The hysteria over Agenda 21 has no basis in reality.”
Ironically, in its 23-page report attempting to paint opposition to the UN scheme as a “right-wing” phenomenon, the SPLC glosses over opposition to Agenda 21 among Democrats and leftists, giving them a mere paragraph that begins with the word “remarkably.” The report, typical of the SPLC's transparent propaganda tactics meant to associate truly repugnant views with mainstream political positions it opposes, also mentions that some neo-National Socialists (neo-Nazis) have opposed Agenda 21 as well. But what does that prove? Like the SPLC, the National Socialists also opposed Biblical Christianity, free markets, traditional values, and more. In fact, critics of the SPLC argue that it is akin to an “anti-Christian hate group.”
With the release of its latest hysterical report, it is becoming increasingly clear that opposition to Agenda 21 has stalled the advance of the SPLC's own radical agenda. “Unfortunately, it has poisoned rational discussion of the challenges facing communities,” Beirich claimed about opposition to the UN scheme in a summary announcing her report on the SPLC's website. “If we want to address real-world problems, we must recognize there's no genuine controversy surrounding Agenda 21. There are only groundless conspiracy theories peddled by extremists and opportunistic politicians.”
Apparently Beirich has never bothered to read Agenda 21 or related UN documents, some of which even call for dramatically altering the views, opinions, and behavior of every person on the planet — in addition to the economy, governments, Western civilization, and more. She also seems to have failed to do much, if any, research on whether or not the UN scheme was being implemented. The report concludes by merely stating that “it's not clear” if federal, state, or local governments were imposing Agenda 21 on Americans. In the real world, as The New American magazine and countless experts have documented, it is actually very clear.
Despite hysterical ranting against “conspiracy theories,” ironically, the SPLC report reads largely like a gigantic (and bizarre) conspiracy theory concocted by paranoid pro-UN extremists. The authors, for instance, go to great lengths to suggest that the constitutionalist John Birch Society led some sort of vast right-wing conspiracy to successfully oppose Agenda 21. It then points out that the Republican National Committee, which adopted a resolution blasting the UN scheme, and countless politicians and multiple state governments, have also taken strong stands against the international machinations.
Of course, it is not the first time in recent memory that the fringe SPLC has bemoaned the growing influence of the liberty-minded John Birch Society. In fact, just over a year ago, the supposed “civil rights” outfit released an entire screed complaining about the increasing prominence of the liberty-minded organization in the conservative movement and the Republican Party. However, to suggest that the fierce, overwhelming, and bipartisan opposition to Agenda 21 was all concocted by the JBS, the parent organization of this magazine, seems rather paranoid at best. The SPLC also hysterically denounces the fact that politicians who support the UN scheme or its implementation have been swept out of office by voters.
“Implementation of Agenda 21 was moving merrily ahead here in the United States — enlisting generous infusions of cash from numerous city councils, county commissions and other local government agencies — while next to none of these local officials realized that its behind-the-scenes parentage was the United Nations,” explained JBS President John McManus in a statement. “If the program is so beneficial to mankind, one should ask why its source hasn't been proudly announced.”
In an e-mail to The New American, McManus said the answer can be grasped by understanding the frightening enormity of the UN scheme as revealed by Daniel Sitarz, the editor of the thousand-page Agenda 21 document. “Sitarz noted that the program's overall purpose boils down to forcing ‘a profound reorientation of all human society, unlike anything the world has ever experienced',” McManus said, quoting the fervent supporter of the plot.
“To further grasp the long-range goals of what is planned, Sitarz wrote that this UN-created program must be carried out by a multitude of organizations and ‘every person on Earth,'” the JBS president continued. “The American people owe The John Birch Society a huge debt of gratitude for focusing attention on this scheme by sharing information about it that has led to withdrawal of many government agencies and the refusal of others to become involved.”
The Alabama-based leftist fringe group SPLC has become increasingly discredited in recent years — especially after its hate propaganda was cited by a deranged terrorist who in 2012 sought to massacre employees of a pro-family group for supporting marriage. However, despite being ridiculed even in the establishment media, as well as indications that the federal government is disassociating itself from the extremist organization, some agencies and departments of the Obama administration continue to use discredited SPLC propaganda for various purposes.
In its failing effort to avoid becoming completely irrelevant and marginalized, the SPLC has also gone to great lengths to paint its critics as being mostly conservatives, Christians, libertarians, and “hate” groups. In reality, however, some of the harshest criticism of the SPLC has actually come from major figures associated with the political Left. Prominent civil rights attorney Stephen Bright, president of the Southern Center for Human Rights, for example, citing investigations and a federal judge, blasted SPLC co-founder Morris Dees as “a con man and fraud” who “has taken advantage of naive, well-meaning people.”
As the SPLC becomes a public laughingstock, its bizarre ranting and paranoid theories are increasingly falling on deaf ears. Its latest report on Agenda 21, for example, other than this report, was picked up by just one “media” outlet, the so-called “Daily Beast” blog. That outlet also acknowledged the bipartisan nature of the opposition to the UN scheme, pointing to the group Democrats Against Agenda 21 and “self-described lesbian feminist” Rosa Koire, who authored the book Behind the Green Mask: U.N. Agenda 21. Still, “Daily Beast” reporter Caitlin Dickson was promptly and mercilessly ridiculed in the comments section for parroting discredited SPLC propaganda in her article.
While the influence of the extremist SPLC may be crumbling, the UN continues to launch increasingly brazen attacks on the United States and its Constitution. Most recently, for example, the international outfit, widely ridiculed as the “dictators club,” released a “human rights” report attacking the Second Amendment and America's constitutional system of self-government. With collaboration from Obama administration policy architect John Podesta, the UN also produced a recent document on “sustainability” calling on the UN and its “partners” to have every person on Earth “alter their worldview, profoundly and dramatically.”
The best course of action, according to advocates of liberty and national sovereignty, would be for the U.S. government to simply withdraw from the global outfit entirely. Legislation currently in Congress, H.R. 75: American Sovereignty Restoration Act, would do precisely that. In the meantime, though, Americans who support private-property rights, Judeo-Christian values, individual rights, prosperity, and self-government should continue to oppose UN Agenda 21 and all of its innocently named manifestations.
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American, covering economics, education, politics, and more. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Related articles:
“Anti-Christian Hate Group” SPLC Becoming Increasingly Discredited
Leftist SPLC Bemoans Growing Influence of The John Birch Society
Alabama Adopts First Official State Ban on UN Agenda 21
What are the UN's Agenda 21 and ICLEI?
The Real Agenda Behind UN “Sustainability” Unmasked
UN Plotting to “Dramatically Alter” Your Views and Behavior
After D.C. Shooting, SPLC, Planned Parenthood, and the Feds Under Fire
Tennessee Passes Resolution Slamming “Socialist” UN Agenda 21
Your Hometown & the United Nations' Agenda 21
Common Core and UN Agenda 21: Mass Producing Green Global Serfs
UN Sustainability Summit Exposed: Big Business, Dictators, and NGOs
GOP Platform Rejects UN Agenda 21 as Threat to Sovereignty
Sustainable Freedom: Surging Opposition to Agenda 21, “Sustainable Development”
The United Nations: On the Brink of Becoming a World Government
Torchwood: Miracle Day starts airing in a couple days on Starz, and we have pretty high expectations for the Doctor Who is a spin-off. But when the show's creators spoke to us on a conference call, they only raised our hopes further.
We were lucky enough to be on a call with producer Russell T. Davies, plus stars John Barrowman, Eve Myles and Alexa Havins. And they made some pretty big promises for what to expect from the fourth season of Torchwood. Spoilers ahead...
Advertisement
In Torchwood: Miracle Day, everyone on Earth stops dying — and it doesn't take long for everyone to realize this is no blessing, since death makes life possible. This mysterious, world-changing development seems to be connected to the defunct Torchwood Institute somehow, so once again Captain Jack Harkness and Gwen Cooper are in everybody's cross-hairs.
Here are some things that Davies and the show's stars promised us:
Lots of continuity with previous stories. There are references to the 456, those sinister child-stealing aliens from Children of Earth — although we won't be seeing the 456 again, says Davies. "Old Smokey the Space Pelican is stuck in his bunk somewhere," Davies jokes. Captain Jack Harkness does give the pseudonym Owen Harper when he needs to get into a secret briefing. And there's even a reference to the Doctor.
Advertisement
The show keeps its Welsh roots. In fact, the show had a highly unusual process this time around — nine out of ten episodes were written before production started, because they wanted to be able to film all the Welsh scenes first. There are sequences set in Wales in every episode, and the show keeps returning to Wales throughout its run. This meant the producers had to have almost all of the episodes written, at least in draft form, way in advance. Episode nine, in particular, has a huge action-packed sequence in Wales that really made all this extra preparation pay off.
Captain Jack goes to some dark places. You might think that Captain Jack had exhausted his supply of dark secrets in Children of Earth, but apparently it's not true — there's more to come. The fact that Jack has lived for thousands of years, in the future as well as the past — and made plenty of mistakes — is just too tempting for the screenwriters not to delve into. And when Jack finds out that he's now become mortal as a result of whatever turned the rest of humanity immortal, he has to confront his mortality for the first time in centuries — and reconsider whether to throw himself into danger with quite so much abandon. But Jack also "starts to live a little," says Barrowman. He feels fear "but also excitement. He can experience things he's never experienced before."
Advertisement
Jack's sexuality is still a factor. Both Barrowman and Davies said they never even considered toning down Captain Jack's bisexuality — even if this show had wound up on Fox, as Davies originally hoped, they wouldn't have wanted to compromise. Says Barrowman, "If you watch it and you don't like it, you have a choice to change the remote to another channel. It's not a big issue within the show itself, it's just part of the character and who he is." And Davies says that really, such concerns are from ten years ago — American television has embraced gay characters, and nobody should have a problem with a bisexual one at this point.
The world will go crazy. As a result of the fact that nobody can die, the whole world goes a bit nuts, and this builds throughout the ten episodes, says Davies. There's the "Soulless" protest movement, in which people wear those weird white masks you've seen because they believe humanity has lost its souls. There's also the 45 Club, a suicide cult that believes if you jump from above the 45th floor of a building, you'll succeed in killing yourself. The sister of Esther (Havins) has a total nervous breakdown because she believes the Soulless are right.
Advertisement
You won't be left hanging. "All of your questions are answered," says Davies. "I don't like shows that [say] come back next year," to find out the answer to important questions. "I think when you come back next year, you should start from scratch." A lot of your questions will be answered before the final episode, but Miracle Day will end with "a riveting last episode, with shocks and explosions galore, and real big proper revelations," says Davies. "You do have to keep watching until the last second to find out everything."
Nobody is safe. Now that Jack is mortal again, there's no guarantee that he'll survive this adventure. Davies was very firm that the idea that Jack is destined to become the Face of Boe is just a "conjecture," and it's not set in stone. "You know how I love killing people off," he adds. "I think the stakes are high when you're saving the world — so long as you're not a family drama, you have to be that dangerous, you have to show that lives are at stake. You have to show how high the stakes are." He said that if anything, this series gets darker than Children of Earth, although it's also more romantic, especially in episode seven. This time around, the show is a bit more confident, because nobody knew if Children of Earth would work.
Advertisement
The show will still be ultra-political. Davies says that he was setting up this series of Torchwood during the debate over Obama's health care reforms, when everybody was screaming about health care on both the right and the left. And those themes found their way into the story — even though Davies didn't set out to write a story about health care reform, particularly. Davies believes in "writing with your eyes open... putting what's happening in the world into your writing." One of the things Davies loves about Torchwood is that "it's got the nerve to stand up and talk about the world."
It's an intense character-focused drama, including a really disturbing character. We were honestly a bit squicked by one new character: Oswald Danes, a murdering pedophile whose execution fails due to Miracle Day. We asked Davies what thought process had led to including such a repulsive character in the show, and he said it was the result of a "long, crazy process." He wanted a way to dramatize the idea that people weren't dying, and having a lot of scenes with an 80-year-old woman who couldn't die might not "be as compelling" — unless they were able to get someone like Gloria Swanson to play her. The idea of executing someone plays into the notion of choosing who lives and who dies, and it's something peculiarly American — Britain hasn't executed anyone since 1964. But also, having a character like Oswald roaming around being a celebrity is "a perfect example of the world gone wrong." Davies also says that Oswald provides the opportunity for a "very good strong bit of storytelling," the kind of dark character exploration that channels like Starz and BBC One are interested in featuring.
Davies may well be back. A while ago, Davies was quoted in an article as saying this would be his last year of working on Torchwood, so we had to ask him about that. The good news is, Davies says the quote was blown out of proportion, and he could be producing more of the show after all. "I was just musing about moving on, as we all do," Davies says. "And then I look into John Barrowman's eyes and I'm seduced all over again."
Advertisement
Torchwood: Miracle Day airs this Friday on Starz at 9 PM.
Shortly after the gates (officially) opened at 11:00am central time, the Jets made the first of five announcements on the day, confirming that goaltender Steve Mason had signed a two-year contract with an average annual value of $4.1 million.
While it didn't take long for the Winnipeg Jets to make a splash on the open market, doing so not only shored up a couple of key roles on the playing roster, they also made a statement to the fans and their peers in the process after a week of intense negotiation.
Mason, who had as many as five other teams inquire with him and his agent during the 'courting' period, said the decision to sign in Winnipeg was an easy one after speaking with General Manager Kevin Cheveldayoff earlier this week.
"I'm really looking forward to coming back to Canada after being in the States to start my career, coming back to a Canadian city that obviously lost their franchise for a number of years and was able to get a team back. Just the passionate fan base that they have has made it real attractive," Mason said over the phone only minutes after the deal was announced.
The feeling was mutual.
The bottom line, Cheveldayoff said, was that they needed a guy to come in and help the Jets win right now.
That made the two-year term a good fit for both sides.
Video: Steve Mason conference call
"I had a really good conversation with Chevy, Paul Maurice, Wade Flaherty, and we were very open about what we expected from each other and I think it is going to be a really good fit moving forward here. … When you look at the roster from top to bottom and you see the names that are on it, what this team is going to be capable of, I'm glad to be a part of it."
Mason added that the "intense" atmosphere inside Bell MTS Place was a major selling point, and that as a Canadian kid, being back on home soil was something he'd always dreamed about from the moment he entered the league.
"Winnipeg has always been a difficult spot for the opposition with how intense of an atmosphere it is," he said. "There are only a handful of arenas that are actually intimidating for players to come into. One being Philadelphia, and I've obviously experienced that, and Winnipeg is another. Coming out as the home team, you have the advantage.
"One of the best things about hockey is playing in front of sold-out crowds. Going to Winnipeg where you can count on a sold-out building every single night, having a passionate fan base that is going to back the team, you look at the roster and it's a great team already and I just hope I can be another piece of the puzzle."
Mason had a 26-21-8 record, along with a 2.66 goals-against average, a .908 save percentage and three shutouts in 58 appearances last year. During the 2014-15 campaign, he tied a career high in wins with 33, and set new personal bests in both GAA (2.25) and save percentage (.928) over a full year.
Additionally, Mason won the Calder Trophy as the NHL's top rookie with the team that drafted him, the Columbus Blue Jackets, in 2008-09.
In his career, the Oakville, Ontario native has a 200-177-63 record and a .911 save percentage, putting him in the top half of active NHL goalies with a significant (>100 NHL games) body of work.
"I've been in the league for nine years now, and every year my game has grown," Mason said. "I believe at 29 years old I'm just entering the prime of my career and working with Wade, I think will help grow my game even more. I believe I can be an integral part to helping this team win hockey games. I can come up with big saves that can help us win on any given night."
Video: Cheveldayoff press conference
Cheveldayoff agrees, but would not speculate about whether or not Mason will get the bulk of the work next year. Twenty-four-year-old Connor Hellebuyck is still very much in the plans, and will get every opportunity to succeed after an up-and-down rookie campaign.
"He had 26 wins last year and that's nothing to sneeze at," the GM said. "We've got tremendous depth and competition now at that position."
Mason and Hellebuyck will have to work together and push each other throughout the upcoming season as the Jets hope to improve their results between the pipes after finishing 28th in team save percentage with a .900 mark just last year.
"There's going to be a little bit of a feeling out phase, but that will come," Mason said.
"Having a good relationship with your goaltending partner is a must. (Hellebuyck) a good goaltender but he's had some challenges and, honestly, that's a good thing. When you come out of tough situations, it makes you better in the long run. I've gone through some of the same things that Connor may have experienced and I think I can help guide him through and come out the other side. My practice habits are solid and hopefully he can see that, maybe even follow suit, and help push each other."
- Ryan Dittrick, WinnipegJets.com
Getty Images
The Dolphins had a preference at tight end, and that's why they used the transition tag on Charles Clay.
But if he gets away, they have a pretty solid Plan B in place.
According to Armando Salguero of the Miami Herald, the Dolphins have identified Browns tight end Jordan Cameron as a priority if Clay signs an offer sheet they don't want to match. A visit is expected unless Cameron comes up with a deal elsewhere quickly.
While Buffalo could just be doing Miami's heavy lifting by bringing Clay in for a visit and making an offer sheet the Dolphins could match, it does create an interesting dynamic.
Even though the Dolphins want to keep Clay, Salguero says they won't overpay him.
After they (eventually) overpay Ndamukong Suh, the idea of any deal being too big seems odd, however.
But Cameron should have a good market of his own, even after the Seahawks made their move for Jimmy Graham today.
Cameron's concussion history is a concern, but when he's been well, he's been extremely productive, making the Pro Bowl in 2013 when he caught 80 passes.
The Dolphins also have Steelers cornerback Brice McCain in town for a visit, setting the stage for a quick deal there.
Last year I touched on what an Option ARM is (also referred to as Neg-Am [Negative Amortization]) and how millions may lose their homes as a result of them being pushed on those who already cannot afford a home. If you look at the video below, you'll see how sneaky Option ARM's can be and how easy it is to be fooled by the fine print.
Now, I've never been one to promote Countrywide or even pretend that they are anything but criminals based on how they prey one people looking to buy a home. When insiders and former employees confess that “the company's (Countrywide) commission structure rewarded sales representatives for making risky, high-cost loans”, it's easy enough to let the facts speak for themselves.
Here's a quick video from armcrash about how Option ARMs can be devastating for the unsuspecting:
But putting that all aside for a little bit, Morgan received an interesting note from a Countrywide loan processor on one of his files recently:
Countrywide appears to be eliminating the Option ARM, at least from the wholesale channel. Another sign of the tightening taking place at the beleaguered lender in an attempt to finalize the Bank of America purchase earlier this year. How do I know they are eliminating the Option ARM (known commonly as the neg am or pick-a-pay loan)? I got this note from a processor on a file: This file has been denied with countrywide because they are ending the option arms – did you want me to sub this to world – or did you want to do a 5y i/o? With Bank of America estimating that $739 billion in mortgages could be in danger over the next 5 years (many of them surely option ARMs) the bank understandably is being quick to eliminate any additional exposure to the exploding loan. … Countrywide was the king of Option ARMs (particularly the low and no doc liar loans) with nearly 35% of their originations over the last 5 years comprised of the loan that lets homeowners “pick their payment” by offering 4 payment options, including one that accrues interest on top of their loan balance to make monthly payments deceivingly affordable. Many borrowers took the low payment and ran, betting on rising home prices to bail them out of the negative amortization run up in their loan balance. Loan officers were more than happy to write them. Little documentation and huge fees made it an easy and very attractive loan to write. California option arm loans netted commissions in yield spread premiums in the tens-of-thousands of dollars. 30-60k in commission wasn't unheard of on these loans. Now many “good credit” borrowers are upside down in their homes with little chance of making the fully amortized payment that results when the loan balance hits 115% of the original balance (of 5 years passes, which ever comes first). This is part of the Option ARM shockwave that will hit when these negative amortization loans start to recast.
Aside from the very small percentage which benefit from an Option ARM, especially in this market caught in a downward spiral, it makes you wonder why it took Countrywide this long?
Then again, if you've read the New York Times article on Countrywide, we all know the answer starts with “M” and ends with “oney”.
The photo is from Jeff McCord, a West Seattleite who has long worked for Nickel Bros., a company well-known for “rescuing” older houses by moving them to new locations. You probably recognize this house – 5458 California SW, headquarters of Ventana Construction (WSB sponsor), which has to move because its landlord plans to build six live-work units on the site.
After we first reported the redevelopment plan back in April, many wondered, couldn't the 107-year-old house be saved? McCord was among those asking that question, so he investigated, and tells WSB today that his company has obtained permission to give it a try. They're looking for someone with a lot in the West Seattle area; the price to buy it and get it moved is listed at $69,000. The house is 3 bedrooms, 1 bath – the process, McCord explains, involves moving it to an excavated site, where the buyer then puts in a foundation, and then Nickel Bros comes back and lowers the house onto it.
“It has been one of my favorite houses for a long, long time!” he adds. “We really hope to find a nearby local recipient who can ‘adopt' the house for us to move to their lot.”
ADDED 8:59 PM: We talked tonight with Ventana co-proprietors Anne and Clarence Higuera; they are still seeking a new West Seattle location, but they still have some time, because their lease here goes through the end of July.
The value of Bitcoin plummeted nearly 20 percent over the weekend.
The cryptocurrency was trading around $286 -- its lowest price of the year -- on Sunday but rallied back to roughly $325 Monday morning. Prices are down 73 percent from an all-time high of $1,147 hit on December 4, 2013, according to CNBC.
Over the last year and a half, Bitcoin has traded on average at $337, according to Coin Desk, a Bitcoin news organization.
Some Bitcoin supporters argue that the currency is bound to fluctuate wildly in price until its broader adoption but others are nervous about a potential crash. Bitcoin has gained significant traction recently as merchants like PayPal, Expedia and Overstock have begun accepting the digital currency.
"I think the price is really irrelevant to the technology," David Moskowitz, director of Bitcoin trading firm Coin Republic, told CNBC. "Obviously it hurts investors when the price goes down but most people who are buyers are in it as long term investors and can withstand the short term gyrations."
But this hasn't stopped many in the Bitcoin community from fretting over the currency's recent roller coaster ride.
A senior doctor from Jayanagar Government Hospital, Bengaluru has landed herself in trouble for allegedly helping three arrested Pakistani nationals to get Aadhaars. The police have now registered a FIR against Dr CS Nagalakshmamma.
After the three Pak nationals, and a Kerala man, were arrested in Bengaluru, police have been investigating how the Pak nationals got Indian documents like Aadhaar and voter's ID.
Mohanmmed Sihab, the Kerala man, had told the police that he had managed to get the Aadhaars for the Pakistani nationals - one of whom was his lover - with the help of a gazetted officer.
He had approached Dr Nagalakshmamma - a gazetted officer, seeking her help to get the documents verified. This is mandatory to get an Aadhaar. Apparently without doubting the veracity of the documents, Dr Nagalakshmamma reportedly had a look at the rental agreement and other documents and signed the papers.
"A man had come to meet me seeking my help to obtain an Aadhaar card three months ago. I have helped many in this way. So, I did not hesitate when he approached me. But I have not taken any money in return for the favour," Nagalakshmamma told the investigators, reports Prajavani.
The police have now filed a FIR against Nagalakshmamma. Meanwhile, UID Bengaluru Regional Deputy Director, Ashok Lenin, has also lodged a complaint against her as 'Accused no 1' for her role in providing the Aadhaars.
After obtaining Nagalakshmamma's signature, Sihab produced the documents at a new Aadhaar centre at Kadirenahalli and obtained the cards for his partner Samira Abdul Rehman and her relatives Khasif Shamsuddin and Kiran Ghulam Ali.
The police are planning to book those at the Aadhaar centre for dereliction of duty. Meanwhile, the police have checked the e-mails of Sihab to verify if he had any links with terror organisations. So far, nothing has been established yet, it is said.
The CCB police picked up the accused from Kumaraswamy Layout, where they were living illegally. Sihab, who helped the Pakistani nationals enter illegally into India, had told investigators that they paid Rs 100 each to get the Aadhaar cards and other documents to establish their nationality as Indians. The three are currently in jail.
Many of those who worked with or raced against Dan Wheldon had plenty to say about the loss of the 33-year-old IndyCar driver after his death in a 15-car wreck early in the series' season-ending race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway:
"Such a sad day … to lose a champion like Dan Wheldon … my thoughts and prayers are with [his wife] Susie and his kids." -- driver Will Power, whose car also went airborne during the crash.
"I just feel for his family. He'll be missed." -- driver Danica Patrick, who spoke through tears on national television.
"He was a great champion of the Indianapolis 500 and a wonderful ambassador for the race, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and all motorsports. Most importantly, he was a fantastic husband, father and man -- a good friend to so many in this sport. His memory will live forever at the Speedway, both through the magnitude of his accomplishments on the track and his magnetism off the track." -- Indianapolis Motor Speedway Corp. President and CEO Jeff Belskus.
"Dan Wheldon was a dear friend and an incredible race driver. His family and friends were with him at the track today, and he was surrounded by love. He was doing what all true racers love best. There is a massive hole in my heart, but I am blessed to have shared in his life, his family and friends and his mighty racing accomplishments." -- Scott Borchetta, president and CEO of the Big Machine Label Group, sponsor of Dan Wheldon's car.
"A little bit of everybody in IndyCar racing died today." -- Chip Ganassi, owner of Wheldon's former team, Chip Ganassi Racing.
Wheldon's death touched more than just those involved in IndyCar. The tributes from celebrities and other fans continue to pour in through Twitter:
Liverpool's efforts to sign Manchester City's James Milner on a free transfer will be complicated if they fail to secure European qualification.
Having targeted the Champions League, Rodgers's side are in danger of missing out completely on Uefa competition as they compete with Southampton and Tottenham Hotspur to be the best of the also-rans.
Milner has been considering his options as his contract expires this summer and his priorities are understood to be regular first-team football and to remain in the North West.
Although Champions League participation and their faltering effort to qualify was not thought a deal-breaker, the prospect of missing out on the Europa League, too, could have an impact.
Liverpool have always been confident of signing Milner, with the 29-year-old seen as an ideal, versatile midfielder to fit into whatever formation Rodgers settles on.
Milner is attracted by the idea of playing in central midfield, with Steven Gerrard's departure creating an obvious vacancy. For Liverpool, the chance to capture an international player on a free transfer, albeit on a salary of around £100,000 a week, would enhance the squad.
Liverpool are making a habit of signing ex-Manchester City players, having done so every season since appointing two of the club's former scouts to their transfer committee.
• Who could be Liverpool's 'marquee signing'?
• It's official, Balotelli is Liverpool's laziest player
Barry Hunter and Dave Fallows have used their Etihad contacts book to sign Daniel Sturridge in January, 2013, Kolo Touré in July 2013, Mario Balotelli last August 2014 and now, potentially, Milner in July 2015.
Meanwhile, Liverpool defender Jon Flanagan has undergone further knee surgery as his injury nightmare shows no sign of easing. Flanagan, who has missed the whole season to date, had hoped to feature in one of the final games, but he now faces six to nine months on the sidelines.
Jon Flanagan's fledgling career has been derailed by serious injury
Despite his recent return to training, he has continued to suffer with the knee problem and, after further specialist advice, has been forced to accept he needs further surgery. This will have repercussions for the 22-year-old's contract, which expires this summer.
Liverpool have held talks with the youngster and there has been consideration for retaining Flanagan on a month-to-month deal until his recovery is complete. That will require further discussion, but Liverpool intend to support the player through his recovery.
Flanagan broke into the first team under Kenny Dalglish in 2011 and earned a recall last season under Rodgers, becoming an ever present in the title challenge of 2014. He was on standby for England's World Cup squad last summer.
His fellow full-back Glen Johnson also has an uncertain future, admitting he expects to leave in the summer.
Did you know Telegraph Sport has a Liverpool Facebook page?
America showed up Leon last weekend, and this weekend will look to further establish themselves as the class of Liga MX.
The first set of matches of the Liga MX Apertura last weekend may have been a bit dull, but a quick glance at the upcoming schedule should potentially provide some hope for those futbol thrill-seekers.
There are plenty of juicy subplots to watch unfold and plenty of stars to watch shine, but it's hard to look past the exciting set of games this weekend.
Here are five games to watch during the second matchday of the Liga MX:
Santos vs. Cruz Azul
Both squads still have something left to prove. Santos were able to beat Veracruz 1-0 last weekend, but there is still a bit of doubt over their attack after the departure of Oribe Peralta. Cruz Azul, on the other hand, were abysmal against Pachuca during their loss. La Maquina weren't even able to break Los Tuzos when they were brought down to nine players.
Santos can use this as great opportunity to showcase their desire to be a dominant squad, while Cruz Azul are hoping to regain some composure and respect.
America vs. Xolos
This game has the potential to be a complete blowout that would favor America. Yet America weren't exactly the best at home last season, and Tijuana, like Cruz Azul, have plenty to prove after their embarrassing home loss.
- Herrero resigns as Chivas president
- Hernandez: Mexicans performing abroad
With the inclusion of Oribe Peralta and their recent win over Leon, America are pressing to not just be a Liguilla team, but the best team in the Liga MX.
Xolos are on the brink of a terrible season and will hope to reassure fans once Javier Gandolfi and Hernan Pellerano return to stabilize the defense.
Tigres vs. Leon
Leon needs to bounce back. They had plenty of good moments against America but it wasn't enough to secure three points. Players such as Jose Juan Vazquez, Carlos Pena and Rafael Marquez will likely be in full form after having to immediately transition back to the Liga MX from the World Cup.
As for Tigres, the squad finished an underwhelming match against Atlas last weekend and will need to once again show that their immense amount of talent on the roster is worthy of much more than just a tie.
Pumas vs. Chivas
Pumas are riding a bit of a high after their 3-1 win against Queretaro, and Chivas are still in shambles after their embarrassing draw at home. Chivas may have embarrassed themselves, but with their squad, they are still capable of providing an upset or two. Pumas are somewhat of a forgotten "top team" and would love to find a second win in a row, especially against Guadalajara.
Leones Negros vs. Queretaro
"Prove" seems to be the word of the Apertura thus far, but it is once again relevant when discussing the Leones Negros. The Guadalajara side were awful against Monterrey and will have an opportunity for restitution in their first home game of the Liga MX this season.
Queretaro were one of the surprises of the opening weekend, despite their loss, and their attack against Pumas was still very impressive considering the score. With the power that they have going forward, Los Gallos Blancos have every chance to find a way into the playoffs. However, the first step in that direction requires points in matches such as the one against Leones Negros.
Cesar Hernandez covers Liga MX and the Mexican national team for ESPN FC. Twitter: @cesarhfutbol.
Hello again Unknown Human,
The stranger that comes to the front door showed up again. This time we were prepared because it was on one of the days that he normally visits. We are pleased that we had the opportunity to yell at him.
Human opens the envelope and flails her arms around. I was only mildly startled. Bumby ran away like the coward he is. It appears that the gift is for the human. It is an image that looks very similar to Bumby. Apparently it is to be placed on the device that transports our human back and forth from the house. It is the device that make a loud noise to let us know the when the human has arrived. Thank you for making the human happy. We are very pleased. However, we will not let the human know so please keep this between us.
-Daniel and Bumby
PS: May your days and nights be filled with feathers, bells, and shapes that can be caught and destroyed. You are deserving of many cans of gooey fish and warm spots to nap in.
Dear Unknown Human,
The stranger that comes to the front door just left a box for us. This is the day that he doesn't appear so we weren't ready to yell at him from the other side of the glass. Our humans opened the box for us and it is full of new things. I (Daniel) am very pleased to see there is a new thingy for me to destroy with my claws. I have already started destroying it.
My brother Bumby got in the box before I could. Jerk. I have plans to take it over later when he is not looking.
There is another box inside the box that has more shapes that make noise when we kill them. They also have feathers. We like the feathers a lot. Bumby caught the mouse that hangs from the air. It has a feather and he gave it a bath. Now it smells like his mouth.
There is a bag with those fuzzy sticks that we like. I made the human bend it into my favorite shape so I could kick it around.
Our humans have been real losers and have not brought us new shapes for way too long. Maybe you should be our new human. Open invitation for you to kick them out.
We are eternally grateful to you. But don't let it get to your head.
-Daniel and Bumby
PS: They are rumors in the air that more is on its way. We will be waiting by the door everyday for the stranger to come back. We will be sure to notify you when he completes the job.
PPS: The humans held that mysterious device up and followed us around with it. They asked us if we were cats and babies for the millionth time. How many times do we have to answer this question? They then looked at the device and made those awful coo-ing noises. It is possible that they will let you see what they were looking at on the device.
Black privilege means those special rights and advantages blacks enjoy just for being born black!
Some examples from Twitter in 2013:
Trudy @thetrudz 26 Apr 2013, USA
#blackprivilege knows how caring Whites will inform you that “not all whites are like that” ON THE HOUR. They care about our memory!
Kokujin @Kaibutsu 25 Dec 2013, USA
@MentalOrgasm #WhatIsBlackPrivilege The ability to always have a store employee nearby – looking right around the corner.
Mychal Denzel Smith @mychalsmith 26 Apr 2013, USA
#BlackPrivilege is always having room on the sidewalk. Thanks to every single person who ever thought I was going to rob them.
The Negress @ericabrazelton 26 Apr 2013, USA
#BlackPrivilege is when you move into a suburb and whites immediately move out so you can have it all to yourself!
Zerlina Maxwell @ZerlinaMaxwell 26 Apr 2013, USA
RT @DoTPeRioD: #blackprivilege the self esteem boost you get when people are REALLY impressed that you speak ‘properly'.
Camara Mpinduzi @Pundit_AcadEMIC 26 Apr 2013, USA
#BlackPrivilege is having White men consistently tell me they want me to be the first BW they're “with”! What an honor!
Atlegang Shole @JinJa_Shole 25 Dec 2013, South Africa
RT @QueenAraweelo: #WhatIsBlackPrivilege Having the superpower as a black woman to be both fetishised and undesirable all at the same time.
Baeroy Lindo @KayJayFDU 24 Dec 2013, USA
#WhatisBlackPrivilege Our Sistas being called ghetto for their B-Girl style, yet when a white girl jacks it, she's called edgy.
♥Joyism♥ @LadyJUniQue 25 Dec 2013, USA
Being a part of the only group of people who is told that the way their hair grows naturally is unprofessional #WhatIsBlackPrivilege
Brotha Wolf @BrothaJamesWolf 27 Apr 2013, USA
#blackprivilege is to have people tell you “It's just TV” but the same people will use it as a source as to how black people are.
Yemeya y Shango @MentalOrgasm 25 Dec 2013, USA
#WhatisBlackPrivilege Affirmative action helped White fem more than ANY minority yet it's condemned for “reverse discriminaton” agnst Whites
Charlene Carruthers @CharleneCac 27 Apr 2013, USA
#BlackPrivilege is supporting a political party (and candidates) year after year, AND not “being owed” anything.
D.I.Y Beats™ @Diy_bEatZ 25 Dec 2013, USA
#WhatisBlackPrivilege having your mayor and school district shutdown 23 schools because of no money but then build a prison
Jane Doe, MD @DrJaneChi 26 Apr 2013, USA
——> RT @jordanbks: #blackprivilege is always meeting the police description
Baby Huey….Newton @the_illist_95 24 Dec 2013, USA
#WhatIsBlackPrivilege being stopped& frisked down the street from your home cuz you &your friends stole a car even though y'all were walking
Son of Baldwin @SonofBaldwin 26 Dec 2013 2013, USA
#WhatIsBlackPrivilege Using drugs at the same rate (or less) as white people, but being 4 times as likely to get arrested for it.
Friday Foster @MinoWarrior 25 Dec 2013, USA
#WhatIsBlackPrivilege The fact a whopping 63% of the prisoners freed by the Innocence Project are African American.#TheNewJimCrow
Mack Lyons @DDSSBlog 26 Apr 2013, USA
RT @PupsherLive: #blackprivilege is being shot by cops 41 times while pulling out your wallet to show ID. #Diallo
INegro Montoya @AnimainSparkstr 24 Dec 2013
#WhatIsBlackPrivilege having to rely on social media to spread the word abt the murder of ur ppl bcuz the mainstream media doesn't care.
Source: Twitter: #WhatIsBlackPrivilege, #blackprivilege (2013). Country of origin comes either from the person's profile or from the thing they are talking about.
See also:
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — In what is believed to be a first-of-its kind San Francisco eviction case, a kindergarten teacher was served with an eviction notice for using appliances in what her new landlords termed an illegal in-law apartment.
The renter is being pitted against the new owners of a 116-year-old building the city's Mission District. In an unusual legal strategy, the owners claim the teacher's apartment in their building is a public nuisance and isn't safe.
Back in March, Michelle Malliett found an eviction notice taped to the front door of her apartment. It gave Malliett and her teenage daughter three days to vacate their two-bedroom, $1,700 a month in-law unit.
Malliett says at first she panicked.
“I thought, ‘Where am I going to go in San Francisco with my daughter and my dog?'” Malliett told KPIX 5.
The new owners of the $1.3 million dollar property wouldn't talk to KPIX 5, but their lawyer Jonathan Bornstein contends the unit, where Malliett has lived in since 2007, is a fire hazard.
Bornstein argued the unit's wiring isn't up to code and it doesn't have the proper permits.
“This house isn't made for multiple units,” Bornstein said. “Every time the fuses blow, there's a small little fire in these wires.”
However, Malliett told KPIX 5 she has never had a problem during her nine years as a tenant. She says the apartment is safe.
Malliett's lawyer says it's all just an excuse to get rid of a tenant paying below-market rent.
“What the landlord's saying is this tenant of nine years is creating a nuisance by using appliances,” Joe Tobener told KPIX5. He says the case against Malliett could set a dangerous precedent if it succeeds.
“It's really going to open up evictions for tenants in in-law units,” said Tobener.
It's estimated there are between 30,000 to 50,000 units in San Francisco that are not up to code.
Two years ago, San Francisco created a special program intended to help landlords legalize illegal units by giving them a break on some fees. First, apartments have to be brought up to code, a process that cost tens of thousands of dollars or more.
So far, only 40 units have been converted, according to Lily Madjus of the city's building department. Another 360 have started the application process.
Meanwhile, Malliett's new landlord is blaming her old landlord who built the illegal unit in the first place.
“The former owner left her behind, and that's where the real bad person is, as well as Mayor Lee's office for not providing affordable housing and a living wage for the school teachers,” said Bornstein.
He argues the new owners have no interest in bringing the apartment up to code.
“They don't want to be landlords,” he said.
And in unusual twist, The San Francisco Apartment Association, a group that represents landlords, is siding with Malliett. SFAA spokesman Charley Goss told KPIX 5 the group does not support or condone the way the eviction is being handled.
But Goss also said city laws put building owners with illegal units in a “difficult and untenable” situation.
For now, Malliett is in limbo, getting ready to leave, but hoping to stay. Her case is likely to go to trial next month. It is a case she says she can't afford to lose.
“I don't know where I'm going to go. I have no idea,” said Malliett.
Inter Milan could be trying to get younger at their full back positions. According to several sources, the Nerazzurri could be in on another product of South America.
That young player is rumored to be Paulo Diaz from Argentine side, San Lorenzo. The Chilean has put up some impressive numbers as a defender, and now it looks as if some of Europe's best have taken notice.
Diaz can play on both the left and right sides of defense, which will come in handy if older players such as Yuto Nagatomo start to show signs of age. Plus, the name of the game is speed which is a must in the full back area.
He has just eight league appearances this season, and it looks as if he's made the most of them. Offensively, Diaz has 1 goal and 2 assists while containing a 71.4% pass success rate.
The balance of the young Diaz comes as his huge upside, and his sublime defensive numbers this season prove so. Diaz averages near 3 tackles and almost 4 interceptions per game. You can also add 5 clearances a game to the mix of the defender.
Diaz has been in terrific form as of late. He's bagged his goal and 2 assists in his last six matches. According to WhoScored, he averages a team-leading 7.53 match rating.
The only problem with Diaz is his non-EU status, which makes it hard for the club to complete the signing in January. Plus, Inter only have one EU spot left which is rumored to be filled by Ramires.
Regardless, the blue and black still have the option to purchase him next summer. The 23-year-old is under contract until 2019 with San Lorenzo, but according to SempreInter, Inter Milan could offer a sum near 6 million pounds to lure Diaz away.
Of course, it wasn't too long ago that the Nerazzurri took an investment into Gabigol. Fans now know how that gamble turned out for the Italian club.
Yet, Diaz could be worth the gamble. Depth at the back is never a bad thing to have. With the stats he has along with the required amount of patience it'd take from both fans and the player himself, Inter Milan could have themselves a defender with huge potential.
What do you think of Paulo Diaz? Is he worth the small investment? How would he plug into the Inter Milan lineup next season? Let us know in the comments below.
They've been indicted by the U.S. government for conspiracy and briefly thrown in jail, but Kim Dotcom and his partners in the digital storage locker Megaupload have no intention of quitting the online marketplace.
Instead the co-defendants plan to introduce a much-anticipated new technology later this year that will allow users to once again upload, store, and share large data files, albeit by different rules. They revealed details of the new service exclusively to Wired.
They call it Mega and describe it as a unique tool that will solve the liability problems faced by cloud storage services, enhance the privacy rights of internet users, and provide themselves with a simple new business. Meanwhile, critics fear that Mega is simply a revamped version of Megaupload, cleverly designed to skirt the old business's legal issues without addressing the concerns of Internet piracy.
Read More:
Inside the Mansion—and Mind— of Kim Dotcom, the Most Wanted Man on the Net (Dotcom and three of his partners remain in New Zealand, where they were arrested in January 2012. They face extradition to the U.S. on charges of “engaging in a racketeering conspiracy, conspiring to commit copyright infringement, conspiring to commit money laundering, and two substantive counts of criminal copyright infringement,” according to the Department of Justice.)
What Mega and Megaupload do have in common is that they are both one-click, subscriber-based cloud platforms that allow customers to upload, store, access, and share large files. Dotcom, and his Mega partner Mathias Ortmann say the difference is that now those files will first be one-click-encrypted right in a client's browser, using the so-called Advanced Encryption Standard algorithm. The user is then provided with a second unique key for that file's decryption.
It will be up to users, and third-party app developers, to control access to any given uploaded file, be it a song, movie, videogame, book, or simple text document. Internet libertarians will surely embrace this new capability.
And because the decryption key is not stored with Mega, the company would have no means to view the uploaded file on its server. It would, Ortmann explains, be impossible for Mega to know, or be responsible for, its users' uploaded content — a state of affairs engineered to create an ironclad “safe harbor” from liability for Mega, and added peace of mind for the user.
“If servers are lost, if the government comes into a data center and rapes it, if someone hacks the server or steals it, it would give him nothing,” Dotcom explains. “Whatever is uploaded to the site, it is going to be remained closed and private without the key.”
Dotcom's belief is that even the broad interpretation of internet law that brought down Megaupload would be insufficient to thwart the new Mega, because what users share, how they share it, and how many people they share it with will be their responsibility and under their control, not Mega's.
Dotcom says that according to his legal experts, the only way to stop such a service from existing is to make encryption itself illegal. “And according to the U.N. Charter for Human Rights, privacy is a basic human right,” Dotcom explains. “You have the right to protect your private information and communication against spying.”
Dotcom says that the new Mega will be an attractive product for anyone concerned about the state of online security. And to address the concerns about data loss of the sort that affected Megaupload customers whose files were seized by the FBI, Mega will store all data on two sets of redundant servers, located in two different countries.
“So, even if one country decides to go completely berserk from a legal perspective and freeze all servers, for example — which we don't expect, because we've fully complied with all the laws of the countries we place servers in — or if a natural disaster happens, there's still another location where all the files are available,” Ortmann says. “This way, it's impossible to be subjected to the kind of abuse that we've had in the U.S.”
Ultimately, Dotcom envisions a network hosted by thousands of different entities with thousands of different servers, in countries all over the world.
“We're creating a system where any host in the world — from the $2,000 garage operation to the largest online host — can connect their own servers to this network,” Dotcom says. “We can work with anybody, because the hosts themselves cannot see what's on the servers.”
One of the more unique wrinkles of the new service may come from Mega's decision not to deploy so-called de-duplication on its servers, meaning that if a user decides to upload the same copyright-infringing file 100 times, it would result in 100 different files and 100 distinct decryption keys. Removing them would require 100 takedown notices of the type typically sent by rights holders like movie studios and record companies.
While Mega is adamant that this is not the point of their technology, others fear the service may atomize the piracy problem, turning internet policing into an even more elaborate game of Wack-a-Mole. “As we learned from the first iteration of Megaupload, how it describes itself and how it really operates can be two very distinct things,” says one industry spokesman who asked not to be named. “We'd rather not wade in here until we can see the thing with our own eyes.”
Julie Samuels, a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says that while the new Mega may present an interesting development for internet users, it doesn't answer the issues raised by the unique and, by her lights, questionable interpretation of Internet law used in the case against Megaupload. “It's likely to change the cat-and-mouse game that goes on in terms of this issue on the Internet,” Samuels says. “But it's still a cat-and-mouse game.”
Samuels says that the technology may affect how easy or difficult it is for rights holders or law enforcement to determine exactly what kind of files are being shared. “But there are still some fundamental questions that need to be answered. At this point, it's not technology but the courts which need to address them.”
Dotcom insists that Mega is not “a giant middle finger to Hollywood and the DoJ,” or a relaunch of Megaupload. And Ortmann points out that if users choose to violate copyright with the new technology, there are already rules in place to address it. “If the copyright holder finds publicly posted links and decryption keys and verifies that the file is an infringement of their copyright, they can send a DMCA takedown notice to have that file removed, just like before,” he says.
As with Megaupload, Ortmann says, Mega will also grant direct access to their servers for entities such as film studios, allowing them to remove copyright-infringing material themselves. “But this time, if they want to use that tool, they'll have to accept, prior to getting access, that they're not going to sue us or hold us accountable for the actions of our users,” Dotcom says.
In any event, the Mega team believes that a government takedown of their new service is extremely improbable. “Unless our legal team tells us that the DoJ is likely to go berserk again,” Ortmann explains. “But in my view, they can't pull off this stunt a second time.”
FC Twente did not risk Southampton target Dusan Tadic in a friendly as he moves towards the exit door.
The Saints have agreed a fee with the Dutch club for the left winger, according to Sky sources, with new manager Ronald Koeman targeting him as a replacement for Adam Lallana.
The 25-year-old has spent two seasons at the Enschede-based outfit but he played no part in a friendly against local amateur side vv Oldenzaal, with his move to St Mary's expected to go through within the next 72 hours.
Coach Alfred Schreuder told newspaper TC Tubantia: "Everyone knows he is close to an agreement.
"We don't want to take any risks with him at all."
Tadic has scored 28 goals in 66 appearances since moving to Twente from Eredivisie rivals Groningen.
The latest "The Secret Service" 2014 movie rumors reveal that Taylor Swift will be joining the cast of the spy movie, together with award-winning actors Colin Firth, Sir Michael Caine, and Samuel Jackson. Directed by Matthew Vaughn, it is said that the movie will feature Swift as a girl kidnapped by a villain (to be played by Jackson) and escapes.
A source revealed to Mirror, "Matthew looked at a number of actresses to play the part before settling on Taylor - apparently she was a natural on the big screen."
The 23-year old Swift is better known for her music, with seven Grammy's and other awards under her belt, but she has also previously appeared in the movie "Valentine's Day" and TV shows like "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation."
"She's also someone fresh and unseen in Hollywood terms which was massively appealing," the source added, "She will be required to have some heavy-duty martial arts training in order that her character convincingly kick Samuel L Jackson's butt."
Based on a comic book by Mark Millar and David Gibbons, the movie is about "a veteran secret agent who takes an upstart under this wing."
Firth, a 52-year old English actor best known for his role as King George VI in "The King's Speech", will take the role of the elder spy, and newcomer Taron Egerton will be playing the younger agent. Sir Michael Caine, who is well-known as Batman's trusted butler Alfred among numerous other roles, will be seen as the elite spy organization's leader.
The Jersey Evening Post quotes writer Mark Millar as saying, "The fact that Michael Caine's in it is just nuts. Having him in one of your films is a dream come true. And Colin Firth! All the girls in the family are going nuts for that."
Rumors continue to circulate that soccer player and model David Beckham have been approached to take part in the film, as were Adele, Sir Elton John, Tom Cruise, and Leonardo diCaprio. But those remain as unconfirmed reports.
"The Secret Service" is scheduled to start filming later this year, and is set to be released on November 14, 2014.
Story highlights Microwaving is near the top of the list for nutritionally sound food preparation
Using too much water can leach vitamins and minerals out of food
Cover food tightly to create a steam-cook environment
The rumor: Zapping food in a microwave leaches out key nutrients
We've all heard about how microwaving food removes some nutritional value, but is it true? Is something bad happening to our food behind that microwave glass?
The verdict: If you do it right, cooking food in the microwave is one of the best ways to retain your food's vitamins and minerals
There are dangers to microwaving your food. You could get scalded, for one. If you use the wrong kind of plastic (hint: one that doesn't say "microwave safe"), unhealthy chemicals could seep into your food.
But if you're concerned about getting the most nutrition out of your eats, microwaving is a safe bet. In fact, it's near the top of the list for nutritionally sound food-preparation methods. If you use your microwave with a small amount of water to essentially steam food from the inside, you'll retain more vitamins and minerals than with almost any other cooking method.
JUST WATCHED What is a cheat meal? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What is a cheat meal? 00:52
JUST WATCHED Do microwaves cause cancer? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Do microwaves cause cancer? 01:48
"Whenever you cook food, you'll have some loss of nutrients," says registered dietician and certified food scientist Catherine Adams Hutt. "The best cooking method for retaining nutrients is one that cooks quickly, exposes food to heat for the smallest amount of time and uses only a minimal amount of liquid."
Guess what? Microwave cooking does that.
Consider spinach. Boil it on the stove, and it can lose up to 70% of its folic acid. Microwave it with just a little water, and you'll retain nearly all its folic acid. Cooking bacon on a griddle until it's crispy (yum) can create nitrosamines, while microwaving bacon creates far fewer of these cancer-promoting chemicals.
Of course, you can mess microwaving up. Dump your veggies in a bunch of water and overcook them, and you'll leach out plenty of nutrition. "When you cook food in a microwave, cover it tightly, creating an efficient steam environment," advises Hutt.
Steaming over a stovetop is just as good, though. In some cases, it may even be better: One small study found that steamed broccoli retained more of its cancer-fighting sulforaphane than microwaved broccoli.
But in most cases, using your microwave to cook food, if it's covered tightly in a microwave-safe container with a minimal amount of liquid, is a nutritional win.
In fact, it can even enhance the nutrition of some foods. It makes the carotenoids in tomatoes and carrots more available to our bodies, for example. It makes the biotin in eggs digestible. And heat kills bacteria in food that can make us sick.
"From a safety standpoint," says Hutt, "you don't want to be eating raw chicken."
So go ahead and use that microwave. It's a quick way to essentially steam food from the inside out. You won't get the aromas that baking or roasting provides, but if you do it right, with just a little bit of water in a tightly-closed microwave-safe container, you'll be very well nourished.
2014,
Fish oil supplements have little effect on irregular heartbeat
Montreal, October 14, 2014 – High doses of fish oil supplements, rich in omega-3 fatty acids, do not reduce atrial fibrillation, a common type of irregular heartbeat in which the heart can beat as fast as 150 beats a minute. The results of the AFFORD trial led by the Montreal Heart Institute were published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology on October 7th.
For the trial, 337 patients with atrial fibrillation not receiving conventional antiarrhythmic therapy were randomly assigned to 4 grams of fish oil a day or to placebo for up to 16 months. 64.1 % of patients who had received fish oil experienced a recurrence of atrial fibrillation compared to 63.2 % of those taking placebo. Furthermore, the study concluded that fish oil supplements did not reduce inflammation or oxidative stress markers, which may explain its lack of efficacy.
“Fish oil has no role in the rhythm-control management of atrial fibrillation,” said lead investigator Dr. Anil Nigam, Cardiologist at the Montreal Heart Institute and Associate Professor of Medicine at the University of Montreal. “What is well-known and should be recommended to prevent heart disease and reduce blood pressure is a Mediterranean-type diet rich in natural omega-3 fats and other nutrients, including fresh fruits and veggies, legumes, olive oil, while lowering intake of red meat, trans fats and saturated fats. We believe that such a strategy might also be beneficial for the treatment of atrial fibrillation although more studies are required.”
About atrial fibrillation
Atrial fibrillation is the most common type of arrhythmia affecting approximately 350,000 Canadians. That number is likely to increase as the population ages. The risk of developing atrial fibrillation increases with age and with other risk factors such as obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure and underlying heart disease. Some heart conditions, such as heart failure and heart valve problems can also increase the risk of suffering from atrial fibrillation.
— 30 —
About the Montreal Heart Institute: www.icm-mhi.org
The study is available upon request.
Information:
Julie Chevrette
Communications and Promotion Officer
Montreal Heart Institute Foundation
Tel. : 514 376-3330, ext. 2641 | julie.chevrette@icm-mhi.org
facebook.com/institutcardiologiemontreal | @ICMtl
Jeff Mathis is not just a bad baseball player. He's one of the best bad baseball players of all time. Players like him rarely stay in the major leagues long enough to build a track record of badness, but Mathis will soon be in his second year of arbitration. We are witnessing the making of history right before our eyes, almost every single night. When our grandchildren ask us about the great baseball feats of our generation, here are the things we can tell them about Jeff Mathis.
.200 AVG: 7th worst in the history of baseball
.267 OBP: 51st worst in the history of baseball
53 OPS+: 33rd worst in the history of baseball
Jeff Mathis has now accumulated 1022 plate appearances in his major league career, quite a few for a non-pitcher with his, um, batting "issues." Sure there have been worse hitters around, but almost all of them get fired before they can do too much damage. Where does Mathis's offensive ineptitude stand on the list of the all-time worst career performances by batters with more than 1000 PAs?
Owning the 7th worst career batting average ever is quite an accomplishment, since there are more than 3,000 qualifed players since 1871, including players who played entirely in the dead ball era. A 100 OPS+ is average by definition, so we see that after adjusting for the leagues in which he played, Mathis with his 53 OPS+ is undoubtedly one of the worst hitters in the history of the game.
However, even adjusting for the league average doesn't do Jeff justice. The distribution of player performances around the mean changes from year to year too. With more money and deeper talent pools, modern baseball teams don't tolerate players as far below the mean as they used to. (In other words, modern leagues are positively skewed: this graph illustrates the point.) So even Jeff Mathis's 53 career OPS+, the 33rd lowest all time, might not truly reflect to just how bad he is in context.
So just for fun, let's consider Jeff in his own place and time. The present day is sometimes called the "post-strike era," referring to the 1994 players' strike. It's a totally arbitrary division, but there are some good reasons to stick with it. Teams didn't settle on the current practices of pitching management (i.e. closers, five-man rotations, fixed pitch counts, etc.) until the nineties. There was also that little matter of guys sticking needles in their behinds. I'm not convinced the run scoring increases in the post-strike era can be conclusively pinned on steroids, but you can make of it what you will.
Well then, how does Jeff Mathis fit in among his contemporaries?
.200 AVG: absolute worst in the post-strike era (by 12 points!)
.267 OBP: absolute worst in the post-strike era
.313 SLG: 13th worst in the post-strike era
.583 OPS: absolute worst in the post-strike era
53 OPS+: absolute worst in the post-strike era
If batting averages are your thing, then Mathis is the worst hitter in modern history by a very large margin. Looking beyond that, his career 7.6% walk rate and .116 isolated power are actually not horrible. They might even look decent on a player with a high average, but Jeff's OPS (and hence OPS+) is dragged to oblivion by his pitiful batting average.
I was able to find three comparable hitters (all catchers) since the strike, two of whom even played for the Angels. Remember Matt Walbeck? Mike Scioscia gave him 155 PAs back in 2000. Yeah, his career OPS+ was 54. Jorge Fabregas played for the Angels twice, and he got 253 PAs in 2000-20001. Alberto Castillo is the other comparable.
Let's compare Mathis to active or recently active players by looking at just last three years. The cut-off on these rankings is now 500 PA (Mathis has 852):
.202 AVG: 3rd worst in the last three years (Andruw Jones and Rob Johnson: .200)
.269 OBP: 4th worst in the last three years (John McDonald: .265)
.316 SLG: 12th worst in the last three years (Willy Taveras: .295)
.585 OPS: 2nd worst in the last three years (Rob Johnson: .584)
31.0% K/PA: 12th worst in the last three years (Jack Cust: 38.0%)
3.70 K/BB: 22nd worst in the last three years (Humberto Quintero: 6.25)
13.5% Line Drive %: 2nd worst in the last three years (Alexi Casilla: 13.4%)
48.5% Flyball %: 15th highest in the last three years (not necessarily bad on its own)
18.7% Infield Fly %: 5th worst in the last three years (Eric Byrnes: 25.7%)
71.0% Contact %: 10th worst in the last three years (Mark Reynolds: 62.5%)
13.4% Swinging Strike %: 17th worst in the last three years (Miguel Olivo: 19.7%)
.259 wOBA (weighted on-base average): absolute worst in the last three years
This gives us an idea why Jeff Mathis is such a bad hitter. No one else can duplicate his patented blend of whiffing and popping the ball up. Many of the players "ahead" of Mathis in these rankings have actually received considerably less playing time. Rob Johnson, who is equally bad with the stick, has about half as many major league PAs. Humberto Quintero doesn't have as many either, even though he joined the league in 2003.
But Jeff Mathis makes it all up in defensive value, right? Well, his 23% career caught stealing rate is below average (26%). There's also this fact about him leading all catchers in throwing errors ever since 2007 in spite of being only a part time player. So there goes that theory. And before you ask: no, CERA is not actually a skill.
In any case, Jeff Mathis is not the worst player in baseball. He's not even the worst player on his own team. But he is very probably the worst hitting non-pitcher with a regular job. He also has a strong claim on the worst hitting non-pitcher with a regular job since the '94 strikes. He's the worst hitter we've seen for quite awhile, and he has a chance to be the worst hitter with a regular job you'll ever see. And Mathis is still just burnishing his legacy, as he actually appears to be getting worse.
Because of positional adjustments (poor offense is much more acceptable from a catcher than say, a left-fielder), Mathis might not be the most harmful regular position player recently in the league. He's certainly not far from it, though, and among the other candidates--Willy Taveras, Jeff Francoeur, Gary Matthews Jr.--Mathis is probably the only one you'll find who hasn't been traded or released at least once in the last few years.
Why? Why has Mike Scioscia and the Angels stuck with him so long? Reason is insufficient to the task. I've reached my own conclusion though, and I encourage you to do likewise. I think I'm living a lucid dream in the world of Inception. Jeff Mathis is my totem: he's how I know if I'm asleep or awake. If I'm in doubt about the reality of my surroundings, I can just check recent box scores and press statements. Is Jeff Mathis still in an Angels uniform? Does Mike Scioscia still refer to him as a "premium" catcher? If yes, then I know this isn't real. Things make sense in the real world. So I'd be better to get on with stealing secrets or whatever I'm supposed to be doing while I'm asleep so that I can go back to reality, where people who are bad at their jobs actually get fired.
Oh by the way, here's a list of recent pitchers who are (or were) better career hitters than Jeff Mathis:
New England Patriots tight end and former Arizona Wildcat Rob Gronkowski might be having the most exhilarating off-season in NFL history with the help of his family and teammates, along with intense partying. Gronkowski made his case as the most entertaining player in football history and has turned into the poster child of Wildcats in the NFL.
The three-time Pro Bowler's partying ways didn't just happen overnight, even though he's only been a household name since he joined the Patriots. How can we forget his world-famous “Yo soy fiesta” remark he said in a locker room press conference.
Gronkowski hails from Amherst, N.Y., and took his talents to the Old Pueblo to highlight a 2007 recruiting class. While Arizona was known for power running backs with Mike Bell, Chris Henry and Nic Grigsby, under former Arizona head coach Mike Stoops, Gronkowski would immediately add another dimension.
Why would a 6-foot-6 man that weighs 265 pounds come from living in a state like New York to Tucson to play football? The same reason as any student from the east coast that attends Arizona: the weather, Greek life and parties. At some points during the school year, all three of those go hand in hand.
Around the country Arizona is notorious for being one of the biggest party schools in America. In 2014, Playboy ranked Arizona as the No. 4 party school in the country. Gronkowski, in his tenure with the Wildcats, evolved into what many consider to be a bro.
Once Gronkowski was drafted in 2010, his football game and his party game skyrocketed.
Whether it was partying with Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel or kicking it with Floyd Mayweather Jr. in Las Vegas, Gronkowski takes his job in the NFL very seriously. He's a likeable teammate with an unstoppable motor that makes him a matchup nightmare for any team on the other side of the football.
He received a great amount of criticism in 2012 after his first Super Bowl appearance, in which he was a game-time decision with an ankle injury. Gronkowski actually played, and the Patriots wound up losing to the New York Giants. He received national criticism after he was spotted dancing in a nightclub where his ankle looked completely normal again.
Formerly known as Gronk, he isn't afraid to use the f-word — fun. That goes for any situation, including spending time with teammates at the Kentucky Derby in the morning and taking a private jet to Las Vegas for the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight by night.
Just when you thought it couldn't get any better, Gronk took his father to a race car track and drove speeds up to 120 mph.
Face it, Gronkowski is living the high life, and even though he receives large amounts of grief for his partying, he's living his dream.
On top of that, how can you hate a man who is family oriented? Gronk and his cast of brothers will be on an episode of “Family Feud” that aired on June 21 to take on the Manning family.
Gronkowski may be a knucklehead at times and a total bro, but, like it or not, he is the poster boy of the Arizona Wildcats in the NFL. Unless Nick Foles or Ka'deem Carey win Super Bowls, Gronk will always be atop the Wildcat faithful.
_______________
Follow Justin Spears on Twitter.
Moon mission beams laser data to ESA station
Focal spot: laser light seen by infrared camera ESA's ground station on the island of Tenerife has received laser signals over a distance of 400 000 km from NASA's latest Moon orbiter. The data were delivered many times faster than possible with traditional radio waves, marking a significant breakthrough in space communications. The Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer, or LADEE, was launched on 7 September and arrived in orbit around the Moon in October. In addition to probing the Moon's environment, it's also carrying a new laser terminal. This new approach promises data speeds far superior to traditional radio waves used today by satellites and ground stations, including the Agency's Estrack network. ESA's Optical Ground Station in Spain's Canary Islands was upgraded with an advanced laser terminal developed in Switzerland and Denmark that can communicate with LADEE using highly focused beams.
Tenerife station “We acquired the first signals from LADEE on 26 October, and since then, we've had a series of optical uplinks and downlinks providing extremely fast laser communications,” says Zoran Sodnik, ESA's project manager for the laser effort. “We've already received data at up to 40 Mbit/s – several times faster than a typical home broadband connection.” The contact with Tenerife came just days after LADEE made history on 18 October in the first-ever laser transmission from lunar orbit, picked up by a NASA station at White Sands, New Mexico, USA. The craft is also transmitting to a third station, at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California.
Laser communications at near-infrared wavelengths may be the way of the future when it comes to downloading massive amounts of data from spacecraft orbiting Earth, Mars or even more distant planets.
Laser communication units are lighter and smaller than today's onboard radio systems, promising to cut mission costs and provide opportunities for new science payloads.
LADEE transmits laser signal “The participation of the ESA ground terminal at Tenerife in NASA's project is an important milestone in this new capability,” said Badri Younes, deputy associate administrator for space communications and navigation at NASA's Headquarters in Washington DC. “Together, we have demonstrated at the very beginning of the optical communication era the value of interoperable communication between our space agencies.”
With the first two communication passes with LADEE on 26 October and six more to 29 October, the ESA team on Tenerife are tweaking the station hardware – especially for the uplink – and improving procedures. “Some initial difficulties with the extremely accurate pointing necessary for laser communication are being investigated, but this is quite normal at this stage,” says ESA's Klaus-Juergen Schulz, responsible for ground station systems at the European Space Operations Centre, Darmstadt, Germany. “We are already confident that the test campaign will confirm the practicality of high-data-rate optical links for future missions.”
During the coming weeks, ESA engineers will test uplink communications at 20 Mbit/s and obtain accurate ‘time-of-travel' measurements to be used for calculating the spacecraft's orbit. Using special equipment from the DLR German Aerospace Center's Institute for Communication and Navigation, the team will monitor atmospheric conditions during transmission and learn how to improve performance even further.
More information on the laser communication project
Well, this is probably the most uncomfortable thing to ever come out of the KTLA Morning News. Veteran entertainment reporter Sam Rubin, who has been in the business for over 20 years, just mistook Samuel L. Jackson for Laurence Fishburne this morning.
TMZ has the video, which is just as awkward as you might think. Sam starts it off by asking Jackson, who was there to plug the Robocop reboot, about his recent Super Bowl commercial—you know, the one where Laurence Fishburne revisits his iconic Morpheus character from The Matrix.
And that's when Jackson lets Rubin have it.
"See, you're as crazy as the people on Twitter," Jackson scolds. "I'm not Laurence Fishburne! We don't all look alike!"
You can hear Rubin's fellow anchors crack up in the background as Rubin unsuccessfully attempts some kind of damage control, but Jackson wasn't done. "There must be a very short line for your job out there," Jackson quips to an embarrassed Rubin.
Rubin then tries to force a subject change by asking about Robocop, to which Jackson responds, "Oh hell no! Really?"
"I'm the other guy. There's more than one black guy doing commercials," Jackson says. "I'm the 'what's in your wallet' black guy. He's the car black guy."
Watch the video if you want to see a seasoned entertainment reporter's reputation melt down in less than two minutes.
This all reminds us of a particularly hilarious moment from the show "Extras."
UPDATE 10:45: Rubin apologized for the moment, saying that he was talking about Jackson's appearance in the new trailer for Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Jackson mistook it for Fishburne's car commercial. Despite this, Rubin said Jackson's reprimand was well deserved:
Hey guys,
It's been a while since I've posted an update here. We've been undergoing a large number of iterations on Xerath's kit. Primarily his "R" slot. Giving an update on every single change would probably just lead to more confusion trying to stay current than just giving a bigger update after we've done a bunch of different tests.
When I can find the time to sit down and focus more, I'll walk through a few of the iterations and explain the problems with each incarnation.
All of these iterations involved immobilization during Locus. The most recent cycle has been:
A) Xerath R increases all spells and grants auto-attack barrages, duration limited by mana.
B) Xerath R grants 50% base cooldown reduction, duration limited by mana. No auto-attack replacer.
C) Xerath R grants super short cooldown on "W" (aoe orbital strike) for the duration.
D) Xerath R grants global range on W for a short time. Duration flat and limited by mana.
E) Xerath R grants super-massive range on auto-attack replacer. Duration flat. Mana Cost flat.
Issues with Patterns:
A)
Having a spell that grants sustained damage over a long period of time is cool.
Having a spell that grants super range is cool.
Having a spell that has its duration unlimited, except by mana is cool.
Combing two or more of these mechanic together has proven infinitely frustrating to the enemy team if it is large. Having the opponent constantly raining down damage that you cannot retaliate against proved frustrating and game warping.
Our early experiments reveal that Xerath performing at a "growing missile silo" was a very cool in terms of creating a map objective. However, it fell apart once you required either the Xerath to stand there for 10-15 sec before acting (xerath player got bored) since that's how long it took for a player to reach Xerath.
Furthermore, many of the champions that *could* reach Xerath would either die being bombarded along the way or would get ripped apart cutting through the enemy team to get to Xerath. Ultimately, this left our live designers feeling like this strategy wasn't fun in League of Legends.
I could see it revived in terms of a "nuke silo building" champion who sets up a time-delayed bomb or item in the future, but forcing a player to remain there just doesn't play nice.
B)
Once we removed the constant barrage of damage, we expected to alleviate the perceptions of constant danger. Once that happened, the "right" way to play Xerath (intuitively) was to siege up, blow your load, then leave the siege mode immediately.
Movement in league of legends is a moment-to-moment filler of activity that feels very good in terms of allowing mages to feel useful and smart. Removing that ability and not providing a moment-to-moment replacement meant we had to reduce the cooldowns of your spells in Locus of Power so that you were constantly casting.
This meant that we were back to square one in terms of "constant zone of power" on Xerath which meant enemy players just constantly fled his radius and he never could captialize on his ultimate. 3000 was either too easy or impossible to flee.
C)
Being bored while rooted isn't fun. So next we tried other ways, aside from the constant missile storm to make you feel good during the root.
Next we tried just allowing you to spam "W" (orbital strikes) as the primary damage source. This just lead to Xerath being insanely bursty *and* being unable to escape him.
D)
Next we tried granting Xerath global range Orbital Strikes, paced 4-5 sec apart. This was a very cool idea, but it turned out that we had just re-created Karthas that was harder to play, kill-stole constantly *and* didn't feel like an artillery-barrage feel.
It was about this time that we realized that all of these ultimates having severe influence on other lanes resulted in Xerath's laning phase needing to be weaker than most midlane champions. So we cut the ultimate's power down and boosted his laning phase.
E)
Now we're on iteration E. We found that allowing super-massive CC + slows + full access to your damage was overwhelming. There was too much to do as well. Even our challenger level testers were like, "there's more here than I could possibly ever do, so I never felt good about what I chose to do."
So we asked ourselves, "What's the most fun part of the new locus of power and barrage attacks?"
The answer was resoundingly "Let's focus on his role as a mage sniper / long range damager. Let's move all of the range we want Xerath to have on his base kit into his base spell ranges, then give him an ultimate that is about predicting and finishing off escaping targets"
So now we're trying this ultimate:
Ascended Wrath (R) - Xerath immobilizes himself and disables his basic spells, but granting him the ability to fire super-long range aoe barrages at the target location every 0.5 sec. During this effect, Xerath gains 25-30% damage reduction and is immune to displacement effects Lasts for 6-8 sec or until cancelled.
Currently roughly the same range as Zigg's ultimate.
Xerath's Q, W and E are all now around ~1000 range, except Q which can be charged-up to 1550 range.
By focusing what Xerath can do to a concentrated point in time, it gives both Xerath and opponents a clear indication of how good a job Xerath is doing and gives them the opportunity to blow cooldowns to escape it.
The phone rings at odd hours when you're a sportswriter. Coaches and frontoffice personnel from other clubs sometimes are looking to trade information. On other occasions, they just need to talk.
Such was the case after midnight Wednesday when the leader of a Celtics rival in the Eastern Conference called. There was a pause after my reflexive, “Hello?”
“Are you (expletive) me?” he said.
This guy hoped his team would elbow its way into the Cavaliers-Celtics brunch at the top of the East, and now the arms race was making life more difficult for other teams in the firing radius.
Within a few minutes, he settled back and noted that both clubs still had a lot of work to do to build new team identities, more so the Celtics.
“Those are big-time talents with Kyrie (Irving) and (Gordon) Hayward, but it'll be interesting,” he said. “Everyone's going to be watching what Boston does right out of the gate, but they might not have it all together right away. They've still got a lot of young guys who have to play really big roles. I'll be more concerned with how it all blends when you get to next February and March and, you know . . .”
You know, the playoffs.
Such greater concern for the latter portion of 2017-18 is well founded. With just four players — Al Horford, Marcus Smart, Terry Rozier, Jaylen Brown — remaining from a 53-win team, it is nigh impossible to have any kind of real continuity. In dealing away Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder on Tuesday for Kyrie Irving, the Celtics didn't just lose their specific talents, they lost their team personality. And let us not forget Avery Bradley in this equation.
If asked to define the Celtics of recent vintage, you'd point to the unwillingness/inability of people like Bradley and Crowder to back down on defense and what that communicated to those like Smart who came off the bench. Then you'd note the same quality on offense in Thomas, and even people employed by the team were admitting they were stealing some games on attitude and chemistry.
Indeed, Thomas was and is a brilliant scorer. The way he worked in the summer of 2016 to improve his game after an All-Star season should be an inspiration to aspiring bucketeers. Attitude as much as aptitude made him a fourth-quarter phenom.
And Horford was a talented, veteran rock who made last year's foundation more able to stand up amid the playoff storms.
So now the Celts have more acute individual talent in Irving and Hayward. They can better score in isolation (in Irving's case, if only because at 6-foot-3 to Thomas' 5-9, he can get his shot off over more defenders) and take advantage of defenses leaning the wrong way. Remember, when Bradley went to the Pistons and was asked the toughest player for him to guard, he immediately replied that it was Irving, adding that it was “not even close.”
We know what Irving can do on the court. There are NBA Finals highlight videos to prove it.
But his greater test here will be more spiritual. His talent and standing as an NBA champion will require him to lead. Coach Brad Stevens has done away with captains, but Irving has to set the tone and see the larger picture in every situation.
On the floor, he has to make sure people get the requisite amount of touches so they are prepared to make big shots if called upon late in the game. Off the court, he has to take advantage of the opportunity to write the public narrative. Irving has to smooth the waters when the media gathers around him in the wake of a tough loss, knowing that what he says will be atop the reports disseminated. And he has to spread the affection when things are going well.
From what I'd been able to gather in the immediate aftermath of Irving's trade request becoming public (and maybe NBA commissioner Adam Silver can appoint a special counsel to investigate how that got out; I'm guessing you'll find some interesting fingerprints), this wasn't all about Kyrie wanting to be the proverbial “man.” He didn't necessarily mind playing beside the most talented player in the game and being No. 2 in the Cleveland galaxy. Irving just didn't like LeBron reminding him of that fact every 20 minutes.
Now Kyrie essentially has the James role. He has the chance to show he is a benevolent leader who will talk with more sincerity about “the team.” And this is critical on a Celtics club that will need relative children like Brown and Jayson Tatum to make major contributions.
How well Irving builds confidence in others will be hard to define with analytics, but it will rank in import with his points and assists.
And it will be a major determining factor in whether NBA coaches are relaxing late at night or picking up a phone.
The town of Monona, Wisconsin, is cracking down on bullying. The city council passed an ordinance which could ticket parents and fine them more than $100 if their children are repeatedly bullying others.
While some may call the new law extreme and a clear overreach of government intervention into the rights of private citizens, critical thinking says it's needed and that other city governments around the country should follow suit. According to dosomething.org, 3.2 million students are victims of bullying each year and 160,000 kids skip school every day because they are afraid of being bullied. Make no mistake about it: Bullying today is not a game, not a rite of passage and not the same kind of bullying that many of us knew from our childhood years ago.
Children are bullied for numerous reasons. Does it really matter why? This is a critical issue that requires serious people to solve it. If parents and leaders aren't part of the solution, they are part of the problem. By taking little to no action is simply giving bullies an excuse to hurt innocent children. Critical thinking says it's time to pressure educators, parents and politicians to work together to end bullying in American schools.
Parents need to wake up, too. Of course most parents want to believe that their child is an angel, never capable of inflicting such an evil act on another child. It's time parents start looking at the issue through the lens of objective reality and realize that unfortunately, any kid could be a bully. It's important that parents discuss openly and honestly with their children the dangers and severity of bullying, and let them know that bullying on any level will never be tolerated. On the flipside, parents must also convey to their children that they confide in them or another adult if they are the victim of bullying.
Monona Police Chief Wally Ostrenga said, "Sometimes you'll knock on someone's door and they won't want to talk to you -- their kids are perfect, they could never do anything wrong. This fine is for those times when we get the door slammed in our faces."
The only downside to the new city ordinance is that it's not strict enough. City officials say that a parent or guardian must be informed by an officer of a separate bullying violation by the same individual within the past 90 day before they would face a fine. There are times in life when letting people off with a warning is acceptable, but when 71 percent of students report incidents of bullying as a problem at their school, and children are committing suicide because of bullying, this isn't a time to start issuing warnings. These $100 fines need to be assessed from the very first incident.
Bullying has been a problem since the beginning of time, and probably pre-dates humans beginning in the animal kingdom. Anytime there's a perceived imbalance of power viewed through the eyes of a creature who derives pleasure from others misery, you will have bullying. It's a nice thought to say we have the power to banish all bullying, but whether or not we can actually accomplish that goal one thing is for certain: Bullying is a problem that must be dealt with in the family, in the community, in schools, in afterschool settings and in the religious community.
Just a week ago, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), a leading GOP figure for libertarian policies geared around reducing the size, scope, and spending, was assailed at Time.com for prematurely declaring that the "war on women" is over and the women had won. According to Paul:
“The whole thing with the War on Women, I sort of laughingly say, ‘yeah there might have been,' but the women are winning it."
After wrangling with stats that showed women surging ahead of men in some areas and lagging behind in others, Charlotte Alter wrote,
The fact that Rand Paul thinks the war on women is over means he had no idea what it was about in the first place. Nobody accused the Republican party of standing in the way of women going to veterinary school– women's financial and educational advancements are propelled by social changes that aren't being specifically debated on the Senate floor. The “War on Women” is about abortion rights and access to affordable contraception more than anything, and Paul is fighting against both of them.
Read the whole piece here.
Yesterday in The New York Times, columnist Maureen Dowd interviewed Paul and seemed more sympathetic to him, even dubbing him "not-so-bland," which practically passes for a Mae West-style come-on from the the author of Are Men Necessary? The junior senator has figured out a legitimate way to "make Monica haunt Hillary's dreams."
Paul reiterated to me that he disdains the Democratic “hypocrisy within the party that wants to blame Republicans for somehow not liking women, that somehow we're this party that has some kind of war going on, and they have as a leader and one of the most prominent fund-raising people in their party still to this very day, a person who seems in some ways to have his own private war on women.”
He's speaking of Bill Clinton, of course. Dowd continues:
Veterans of Hillaryworld admired Paul's savvy appeal to the base. As one noted dryly, “When you're playing with the hard-core base, there's no statute of limitations on crazy fooling around with an intern in the Oval Office.” I agree that Paul's aim was true. He distracted from the Republicans' abysmal war on women by pointing at an abysmal moment in feminist history, when feminists betrayed their principles to defend a president who had behaved in a regressive way with women because he had progressive policies on women. Instead of owning up, Bill Clinton forced his humiliated wife, a feminist icon, and women in his cabinet — Madeleine Albright and Donna Shalala — into the dreadful position of defending him when he was lying about his conduct.
Paul also tells Dowd, "I've never met a Republican who was against birth control or who thought that somehow we would try to prevent women from having birth control.”
Read the whole column.
Is Rand Paul accurate when he says that Republicans aren't against birth control? I did a quick search for GOP leaders who have inveighed against the very idea of contraception. Not an exhaustive search by any means, but nothing turned up, even among the strongly Catholic folks such as Rick Santorum. There's no question that the Republicans are often, even typically, against state-funded birth control, and strongly against forcing employers to cover contraceptives via Obamacare mandates (among liberals and those further out on the left, there is often no distinction between allowing something and having the government pay for it).
There's no question that Paul is strongly anti-abortion. Yet contra Charlotte Alter in Time, it's far from clear that being in favor of abortion in any way reflects gender. As Gallup has shown for decades, men's and women's positions on abortion are essentially the same (indeed, by some measures, men are more supportive of abortion). Pew documents that women are more likely to favor the contraceptive mandates in Obamacare and they are more likely to identify as Democrats (in 2012, for instance, about 52 percent of women identified as Democratic, compared to about 42 percent of men; while the numbers change, that 10-point gap has stayed pretty constant).
Yet it's clear that on at least some issues, Republicans who follow Rand Paul's lead on foreign policy and war are in synch with female voters. Women, Pew finds, are substantially more likely than men to favor diplomacy and cast a cold eye on military strength as a means to "achieving peace."
The "War on Women" meme isn't going away any time soon, of course, but as women achieve economic parity with men (as Alter notes, women make up 57 percent of college students and 48 percent of med school grads; Millennial women make 93 percent of what their male counterparts do), it's likely that gender will fade as a clear indicator of voting preference. If Rand Paul can charm Maureen Dowd - and score points with "veterans of Hillaryworld" - while convincing women that he's not an existential threat to contraception, he may be a national GOP figure who will close the gender gap in 2016. In his 2010 Senate race, after all, he won women by 1 percentage point over his challenger.
Good morning from Tucson Arena, where players continue to file in and undergo off-ice testing and physical examinations with the Roadrunners' Medical and Training Staff before taking the ice for the club's first twirl on the building's newly manufactured frozen surface.
Training Camp has officially commenced.
Renovations and construction of the team's facilities were just about finished late last week; the Roadrunners' equipment staff, who have been hard at work for weeks on end , forged on early and late Saturday and Sunday to finalize preparations for the start of camp.
As for the ever-anticipated debut of the team's jerseys, practice uniforms will have to suffice for now; where the team's logo/crest makes its first appearance. Players will be coordinated in five different color sets during any given skate: White, black, gray, red, and blue.
Equipment has arrived with the players; the team locker room christened with hockey gear for the first time since its construction as part of the $3.7M worth of renovations that took place at Tucson Arena this summer following the finalization of the agreement set in place when the Coyotes confirmed the relocation of their American Hockey League franchise to Southern Arizona.
The team will take the ice promptly at 2:00 PM today. TucsonRoadrunners.com will be with you this afternoon and all throughout training camp as the club embarks on its inaugural campaign.
PHOTOS:
Mr. Lee could have gone anywhere. He is the rare chef who manages to be adored by his compatriots and by food lovers (he is one of a handful to have appeared on the PBS show “The Mind of a Chef”) and the TV hordes, who watched him on “Top Chef” in 2011 and this season as a judge on Fox's new“Culinary Genius America.” He had offers to open in New York, and in Chicago.
If Washington seems a less ambitious choice, it made perfect sense to Mr. Lee. Two years ago, he opened the first Succotash in National Harbor, an anodyne, manufactured town center in Maryland on the Potomac waterfront. The location provoked a few raised eyebrows from fans of Mr. Lee's ambitious cooking but got a warm welcome from local critics. Washington also came out on top on key business metrics, like population density, tourism numbers and sky-high income levels.
But Mr. Lee saw something else, something more intangible and essential, in Washington. It is a city, like Louisville, that looks North but still has one foot planted firmly in the South. (Washington and Louisville are, in fact, at approximately the same latitude.) As such, it lacks a rigidly defined food culture.
“I've realized I don't belong anywhere,” he said. “I don't belong in the South. But I don't belong in Brooklyn or Korea, either. So I like cities that have a slight identity crisis because I feel very comfortable there.”
The new Succotash is in Penn Quarter, Washington's busy business and entertainment district. It is a big departure from the more intimate 610 Magnolia that made his name. The space, housed in a former bank, has soaring ceilings lined with Corinthian columns and white lattice and plush — you might say senatorial — round leather booths. It is, Mr. Lee admitted, not his style, but it fits the Greek Revival architecture.
A Tale of Two Sheriffs
The Tucson massacre that left six dead and 14 injured, including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, brought into sharp public focus the local sheriff, Clarence Dupnik. He's been the sheriff of Pima County, which includes Tucson, Arizona's second-largest city, for 30 years. For the 20 years before that, he was a police officer. Dupnik has gained attention this week for linking the shooting to the vitriolic political climate in the U.S., and in particular, Arizona.
Speaking at a press conference shortly after the shooting, Sheriff Dupnik said: “The anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous. And unfortunately, Arizona, I think, has become the capital. We have become the mecca for prejudice and bigotry.”
Arizona is one of three states in the country that allow people to carry concealed weapons without a permit. When asked about the law, the sheriff was emphatic: “We are the Tombstone of the United States of America…. I have never been a proponent of letting everybody in this state carry weapons under any circumstances that they want. And that's almost where we are.” He also decried a proposed Arizona bill that would allow students and professors to carry guns on campus.
The suspected shooter, 22-year-old Jared Loughner, by most accounts suffers from some form of mental illness. Yet he was able to buy a semi-automatic pistol, along with extended-capacity magazines to hold more bullets. He bought the bullets the same morning as the attack.
When I interviewed Dupnik, he called Arizona's gun laws “insane,” and reaffirmed the link he made between political rhetoric and the shooting: “I think that there are a lot of people in the radio industry, especially, and some in the TV industry, who make millions of dollars off of inflaming the public, purveying hate against the government, and distrust. In my judgment, people who are mentally unstable are very susceptible to the kind of rhetoric that's going on in our country.”
One of those whose rhetoric has attracted attention is Sarah Palin. She published a map of the United States on her political action committee's website that listed 20 congressional seats held by Democrats whom she was “targeting” in the 2010 elections, including Gabrielle Giffords. The map marked each district with the cross hairs of a gun. More controversially, she linked to the cross hairs map through a tweet that read, “Don't Retreat, Instead — RELOAD!”
Giffords spoke directly to Palin's use of the cross hairs when they first appeared, noting that “When people do that … there are consequences to that action.” Giffords' opponent in the midterm elections, the tea-party-backed Iraq veteran Jesse Kelly, held an event advertised with the words: “Get on Target for Victory in November. Help remove Gabrielle Giffords from office. Shoot a fully automatic M16 with Jesse Kelly.”
As Giffords' father rushed to her hospital bedside, he was asked if she had any enemies. “Yeah,” he said, “The whole tea party.”
As direct and offensive as Palin's campaign was, it was a small part of the political vitriol that has consumed Arizona in recent years. Republican Gov. Jan Brewer gained national notoriety when she signed into law the controversial immigration bill SB 1070, which Dupnik fiercely opposed: “Every Hispanic in this country, especially in Arizona, must have awakened the next day to feel like they've been kicked in the teeth, like they are now second-class citizens, they have a target on their back, because when they leave the house, they're going to have to take papers with them and prepare to be stopped and questioned.”
Contrast Dupnik with the sheriff of nearby Maricopa County, Joe Arpaio. He is notorious for the harsh conditions in which he jails people, using canvas tents in the searing summer heat. He has pledged to expand his tent city to accommodate the expected influx of detained immigrants. He is the subject of a U.S. Justice Department federal civil-rights lawsuit focusing on his treatment of prisoners and immigrants, and on abuse of power.
The Arizona Republic reports that Jared Loughner, charged in federal court for the murders and attacks, normally would have been remanded to the Maricopa County Jail, but “given the high profile of the case and Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's penchant for publicity, they moved Loughner instead to [a] federal facility.”
As the country unites against the terror in Tucson, let's take the targets off the backs of all innocent civilians, and hope the humanity of Sheriff Dupnik prevails over the cruel vitriol of Arpaio and his ilk.
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column.
Amy Goodman is the host of “Democracy Now!,” a daily international TV/radio news hour airing on more than 900 stations in North America. She is the author of “Breaking the Sound Barrier,” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best-seller.
© 2011 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
The device, designed by Dr. Guido Verbeck of the University of North Texas and East Syracuse-based INFICON, was originally intended to measure highway pollution and other environmental applications, Vice News reports. But Verbeck and his team quickly realized it "could be used to precisely determine the source of any unique chemical profile traveling through the air — including those associated with many types of drugs."
To test the device, Verbeck set up a Breaking Bad play set fake mobile home meth lab and pumped "drug fumes" out of the air vents. The device was able to detect the fumes from a distance of a quarter-mile. "When certain types of chemical strains are detected, the computer kicks on and starts calculating where that strain is coming from," Verbeck told Vice News. "Within a matter of minutes, the location is pinpointed within a 4 percent error."
The device is essentially a more durable, road-ready version of a mass spectrometer that sits in the passenger seat of a hybrid sedan. The delicate instruments are isolated from the road thanks to an electromagnetic suspension system and air vent near the rearview mirror sucks in outside air through a small intake. Once an offending substance has been identified, the onboard computer calculates the location by measuring diffusion in different locations and accounting for weather factors like wind speed and temperature.
While the most practical application here would be to track down large-scale manufacturers of synthetic drugs, Verbeck says it could even be used to find something as mellow as a burning joint. Although drug-sniffing tech like this isn't out in the wild just yet, Verbeck believes a commercial version could cost as little as $80,00 to $100,000. Naturally, law enforcement agencies are excited by the prospect of car that could detect grow houses and meth labs simply by driving around a neighborhood, even if it could constitute an illegal search and seizure under the fourth amendment.
While legal experts say its anyone's guess how a court would rule on the matter, one DEA agent quoted by Vice News didn't seem to see a problem here. "If it's in the air, it's like the air waves," Special Agent Patterson explained. "They're not owned by anybody."
In a recent interview, U.S. Olympic volleyball star Kerry Walsh Jennings made some comments about having children that Independent Journal called “pretty ballsy.”
“Before I had more kids, I was like, this feels trivial. I'd been playing for so long, and I was like I need balance. All my eggs are in this one basket, and it's very self-centered and self-focused,” Walsh Jennings said in an interview several months before the start of the 2016 games. “They gave me that perspective and balance I thought I was missing. It took my game and my desire and my passion for life to the next level. I am hugely indebted to my children.”
The gold medalist later told NBC, “I feel like I was born to have babies and play volleyball” — which struck a nerve with many liberals on Twitter.
This isn't the first time that liberals and “feminists” have criticized successful women for speaking positively about motherhood. Natalie Portman found herself in the midst of outrage for saying that being a mom is “the most important role of her life” during an Oscar acceptance speech. And earlier this year, Adele was condemned for saying that becoming a parent gave her life purpose.
“It's made overwhelmingly clear, over and over again: these abortion advocates, much as they try to pretend to be “pro-choice,” don't care about women making their own choices at all,” said Cassy Fiano of Live Action News. “What they are is pro-abortion, which is exactly why any time a successful woman speaks about motherhood as a fulfilling role, the pro-abortion extremists get so angry.”
Walsh Jennings, who was pregnant when she competed during the London Olympics in 2012, returned to play in Rio de Janeiro with her new teammate April Ross. The two have already won their first match against Australia. When asked what she would be doing if she weren't a professional volleyball player, Walsh Jennings answered that she would “be a mommy.”
While some were offended that a woman could ever want to have a family, others applauded her comment, calling it “the most hardcore quote I've ever heard,” and the “Olympic line of the night.”
Walsh Jennings has already won three Olympic gold medals — and has three children — and she is not yet finished with her career or her family. Her aspirations to continue both are a choice that she's made as a woman, a choice one would think other women could respect.
“I'd love to win a fourth gold medal,” she said. “I'd love to have a fourth baby.”
Latest Videos
A man has died in police custody, plunging nine floors to his death after officers were called about a break-in at a block of flats in inner Melbourne.
Police confirmed the death, which happened about 2pm today when the man fell from the ninth-storey balcony at the corner of Elgin and Nicholson Streets in Carlton - narrowly missing officers who had arrived at the scene to provide back-up for colleagues.
Homicide squad detectives are investigating and the ethical standards department will oversee the investigation, a police spokeswoman said.
Assistant Commissioner Stephen Fontana said police received a call about two men trying to break into a ninth-floor flat at the Carlton block.
At the same time, another call was made to police from somebody who claimed to be inside the flat that was being broken into, saying that two men were after him.
HTTP Error 504 Gateway timeout
What is Error 504
A server (not necessarily a Web server) is acting as a gateway or proxy to fulfil the request by the client (e.g. your Web browser or our CheckUpDown robot) to access the requested URL. This server did not receive a timely response from an upstream server it accessed to deal with your HTTP request.
This usually means that the upstream server is down (no response to the gateway/proxy), rather than that the upstream server and the gateway/proxy do not agree on the protocol for exchanging data.
Fixing 504 errors - general
This problem is entirely due to slow IP communication between back-end computers, possibly including the Web server. Only the people who set up the network at the site which hosts the Web server can fix this problem.
Fixing 504 errors - CheckUpDown
Use of proxies and caching is increasing on the Web. Our CheckUpDown robot will always try to 'drill through' to the real computer that actually hosts the Web site, but we do not have complete control over where our HTTP request actually ends up. If only one link in the chain of computers dealing with our HTTP request is broken, then an error such as 504 can easily occur.
Please contact us (email preferred) whenever you encounter 504 errors - there is nothing you can do to sort them out. We then have to liaise with your ISP and the vendor of the Web server software so that they can review the flow of IP data traffic between various computers under their control. However this is not an easy error to sort out, because the ebb and flow of Internet traffic makes this type of error very transient.
504 errors in the HTTP cycle Any client (e.g. your Web browser or our CheckUpDown robot) goes through the following cycle when it communicates with the Web server: Obtain an IP address from the IP name of the site (the site URL without the leading 'http://'). This lookup (conversion of IP name to IP address) is provided by domain name servers (DNSs). Open an IP socket connection to that IP address. Write an HTTP data stream through that socket. Receive an HTTP data stream back from the Web server in response. This data stream contains status codes whose values are determined by the HTTP protocol. Parse this data stream for status codes and other useful information. This error occurs in the final step above when the client receives an HTTP status code that it recognises as '504'.
Most Common HTTP Errors
403 - Forbidden
404 - Not Found
500 - Internal Server Error
502 - Bad Gateway
503 - Service Unavailable
Other HTTP Errors
This link contains an overview and a list of other HTTP Errors
For quick access to other errors, use the links below:
300 Error Range: 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 307
400 Error Range: 400 401 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 410 411 412 413 414 415 416 417
500 Error Range: 500 501 502 503 504 505
Our company also owns these other Web sites:
WASHINGTON -- Nobody is particularly happy about the arbitrary, across-the-board spending cuts taking effect as a result of sequestration. That is, except for maybe Rep. Billy Long (R-Mo.), who said Tuesday that his constituents want even more cuts to kick in.
"The people that I've talked to seem to be doing well," Long told local news affiliate KOLR10 News. "In fact, when I got out in restaurants here in town, people come up to me. They want to see more sequestration, not less."
Long said people in other parts of the country may be feeling pain as a result of the $85 billion in cuts. But not his community.
"We haven't seen any measurable effect here at all," he said.
Long is right about one thing: Plenty of people are feeling the effects of sequestration, particularly the nation's most vulnerable. Meals on Wheels, a program that delivers food to the elderly, is cutting as many as 19 million meals this year. Cuts to Head Start, the federal preschool educational, health and nutritional program for disadvantaged children, mean hundreds of low-income parents will be making major life adjustments to accomodate being dropped from the program.
Sequestration will also cause many Medicare patients to be referred to hospitals for cancer treatments, where the costs for some procedures are expected to skyrocket for older Americans.
President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he's hopeful that he and congressional Republicans can reach a deal to replace the sequester, which took effect on March 1 and runs through the end of September, with broader, more reasonable cuts. But the president acknowledged his powers of persuasion are limited.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Saturday for a coordinated assault by gunmen and bombers that killed 127 people at locations across Paris that President Francois Hollande said amounted to an act of war against France.
In the worst attack, a Paris city hall official said four gunmen systematically slaughtered at least 87 young people at a rock concert at the Bataclan concert hall before anti-terrorist commandos launched an assault on the building. Dozens of survivors were rescued, and bodies were still being recovered on Saturday morning.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
OSU student sit-in cut short by arrest threat Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH)--A group of students at The Ohio State University staged a sit-in and protest Wednesday night inside of Bricker Hall.
OSU Police stood guard at each door of the building that houses President Michael Drake's office. The students, who represent close to a dozen on-campus organizations, demanded that university leadership address their concerns on issues such as diversity, sexual assault, and the university's budget.
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
They said they want university leadership to foster an environment that reflects the needs and concerns of students, and have released a list of demands.
PDF: #ReclaimOSU Press Statement
PDF: An Open Letter to President Drake From Concerned Faculty
PDF: #ReclaimOSU-Demands
Students had planned to stay inside the building all night. Those plans were cut short around midnight, when protesters said they were forced to leave under threat of arrest and expulsion.
In a video provided by one of the protesters, Ohio State Senior Vice President Jay Kasey told the demonstrators they had one last chance to clear the room.
Someone is heard asking, "what do you mean by clear the room?"
Kasey replies, "our police officers will physically pick you up and take you to a paddy wagon and take you to be arrested."
The protesters held a news conference Thursday afternoon.
https://www.facebook.com/ReneeNBC4/videos/vb.1629171477350890/1677194005881970/?type=2&theater
A statement that the school provided to NBC4 said the group chose to disperse on their own volition and that they were not removed.
This was a group that included mostly students and also unknown people who may not be affiliated with the university, and their occupation of this building was illegal. After repeated discussions and warnings, the group chose to disperse on their own volition. They were not removed. Ohio State has a vibrant community of students, faculty and staff who work together through an active and effective structure of shared governance. The methods employed by this group were outside the scope of permitted practices. We actively encourage dialogue with students on a wide variety of issues. We remain committed to all parties interested in meaningful discourse and in contributing to the excellence of our university. As a society and as a university we have rules that are in place to protect the very freedoms these individuals were exercising, and these protections and rights also extend to our staff as they work on the important business of the university. Bricker Hall closes every day at 5:30 p.m. We made accommodations for this group to peacefully assemble, and they were free to leave at any time. Our Ohio State community enjoys incredible privileges, and dialogue must be conducted in a constructive way.
https://www.facebook.com/events/464089773786118/permalink/467735256754903/
Bricker Hall closes daily at 5:30 pm. Accommodations made for #ReclaimOSU students already inside to stay overnight - can leave at any time. - OSU Police (@OSUPOLICE) April 7, 2016
Ohio State respects everyone's 1st Amendment rights. @OSUPOLICE on hand to enhance safety and allow #ReclaimOSU to voice peaceful concerns. - OSU Police (@OSUPOLICE) April 7, 2016
https://t.co/NpARpTCDLR these are our demands. We will occupy this space until they are met. #NoEndsNOW #reclaimOSU @OSUPrezDrake - Still We Rise (@stillweriseswr) April 6, 2016
Faculty @OhioState speak out against private donors and board of trustees on silencing at OSU #reclaimOSU pic.twitter.com/8B2QHKAr44 - il ragazzo (@Younglionking7) April 6, 2016
The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Friday that Lafe Solomon, the former acting general counsel for the National Labor Relations Board from 2011 through 2013, had been serving in violation of the law governing federal appointments. It was the latest example of a federal court throwing out President Obama's picks for the board, which is the main federal labor law enforcement agency.
Last year, the Supreme Court ruled in the case Noel Canning v. NLRB that three of Obama's 2012 recess appointments to board were unconstitutional. The decision voided an entire year's worth of agency decisions.
Friday's ruling is unlikely to be as far-reaching as the Supreme Court decision. A three-judge panel for the circuit court was careful to say the ruling was specific to the case in question, which involved a business that had directly challenged the legality of Solomon's appointment at the time he was serving, and would extend only those that had made the same challenge.
"[T]his case is not Son of Noel Canning and we do not expect it to retroactively undermine a host of NLRB decisions. ... We doubt that an employer that failed to timely raise (the same) objection — regardless whether enforcement proceedings are ongoing or concluded — will enjoy the same success," the judges wrote.
James Plunkett, director of labor policy for the Chamber of Commerce, agreed it was probably a limited ruling, adding that there was only one other case he could think of where anyone raised the question of whether Solomon was legally serving as general counsel. Hardly anyone involved in litigation with the board ever thought to do it.
"The employer and their attorneys (in the case decided Friday) were quite shrewd in raising this objection way back when and that's why they were able to prevail," Plunkett said, adding, "But you cannot go back and breathe life into an already closed case."
Pat Semmens, spokesman for the National Right To Work Committee, a nonprofit conservative group involved in labor litigation, said their lawyers were looking through old cases to see if the Friday ruling applied, but were not expecting much.
Both said the ruling showed how "fast and loose" Obama played with the rules for federal appointments when it came to the NLRB.
"The bigger takeaway is just how aggressively the Obama Administration moved to influence labor policy to the benefit of Big Labor, even when they lacked the legal authority to act," Semmens said.
A spokesperson for the NLRB did not respond to a request for comment.
The role of NLRB general counsel is more important than the title implies. The individual functions more like a chief executive officer and largely runs the agency, including deciding when to file labor practice complaints against businesses.
Solomon, a long-time board lawyer, was appointed acting general counsel by Obama in June 2010 and officially nominated to the position, which requires Senate approval, the following January. However, the Senate, then under Democratic control, never held a vote on his nomination. Solomon continued to serve through November 2013, when the current general counsel, Richard Griffin, was confirmed by the Senate.
That same year, SW General, Inc., an Arizona-based ambulance company, challenged a NLRB complaint against it, alleging that Solomon was serving in violation of 1998 law called the Federal Vacancies Reform Act. The law says that once the president nominates someone for a position that requires Senate confirmation, that nominee cannot serve until they are confirmed. It includes an exception if the nominee had previously been "first assistant" to the last person to hold the office. On Friday, the federal court sided with the company and against the board.
"Because Solomon was never a first assistant and the President nominated him to be General Counsel on January 5, 2011, the FVRA prohibited him from serving as Acting General Counsel from that date forward," the court found.
Solomon was the main person behind the one of the controversial acts of the board in recent years, it's effort in 2011 to sanction Boeing for opening a new plant in South Carolina. He issued a complaint that argued the plant's location amounted to retaliation against the union that represented Boeing's machinists in Washington state, despite the fact that the factory was an expansion and no workers were disciplined, laid off or forced to move. The complaint was based primarily on the company's statement that strikes in Washington had influenced the decision to locate in South Carolina.
The case prompted loud complaints from business groups and Republican lawmakers, who argued the board was trying to make a business decision to locate in a right-to-work state like South Carolina itself evidence of a labor rights violation. The NLRB complaint was withdrawn after Boeing and the union reached a settlement in 2011.
“I've got my characters, and I've got some cool ideas — but I don't have a story!”
This might have been all of us at one point or another. The kiss of death…
by Jade Fisher
No story? Brother, you've got nothing to write… you're left staring at the screen or shuffling through all those rough notes waiting for el Plot. Paralysed.
But what if this handful of characters and scene ideas in themselves were enough?
… At least enough to get started.
Kubrick had an idea for writing original features. Write seven solid scenes. Write them well, develop characters and situations in those moments – and link them however you like. Presto. Feature.
What about logic? What about causal links and the cumulative progression of plot points? What about structure?
In this exercise they do not feature.
You might surprise yourself. Very often an elusive plot becomes self evident, slight adjustments can reveal underlying story lines or suddenly drive the whole idea in a new direction. The story is in there, somewhere.
If you're not writing because of an obstacle, remove the obstacle. The writer has the power to write in any direction they please. If convention is blocking you, write around it and come back. The process doesn't have to be a straight line, even if conventional plot structure does.
Even single images can be powerful. Collect those visual scenarios that fit nowhere but won't go away. ‘Fernando goes into the butcher and rubs himself all over the meat'. ‘The bride staggers through the ghetto streets and collapses'.
Dialogue especially can be the key that not only unlocks characters, but also informs story. If you have lines bouncing around with nowhere to live, put them up in a small scene of their own. You never know, the seed you plant there could grow into something truly worthy.
This exercise is not unlike the ‘cut up' poetry of the Beats. Cutting up other works with scissors and rearranging the words to make new poems. It takes something that exists in one form and rearranges it until it is completely new…
Once you have your seven scenes, your characters, moments, images, sounds and scenarios — the writing fun starts. Link them. Anyway you can. Find a common ground for this straggling group and tweak until it makes ‘sense'. Sometimes six characters become two. Sometimes the lunar base and the runaway train become a farmhouse.
Spielberg said of Kubrick that he “tells a story antithetical to the way we are accustomed to receiving stories” But we listen.
The pith of the argument being: sometimes the writing process doesn't have to be the 2nd circle of hell — take chances with convention, find use for your ideas and keep writing…
-Jade Fisher
[box]
I come to screenwriting from a poetry background with a BCA in Creative Writing. I've travelled, worked as a cinema projectionist, studied photography, massage therapy, anatomy and am finally learning (& making) my true love, film.
I'm currently interested in developing a linear narrative theory that combines the way story operates in heroic myth with the way it behaves in dreams — where plot structure exists without causal links.[/box]
All code changes provoke some kind of effects and we need to know how these changes impact on general functionality. Android apps are working with a limited memory, CPU power and flashing new ROM associated with some changes inside AOSP, so in this case it is very important to debug, test and optimize your new ROM. Having a reasonable test coverage for your new AOSP helps you to enhance and maintain the whole system and to deliver a high-quality product.
Installing a new ROM is a huge gamble for your fleet of Android devices, because you don't want to brick them or cause broken system features, so it's highly recommended to run hardware and performance tests. These test runs will allow you to determine whether or not your tablet is stable enough for daily use.
This article is a part of a bigger guide about Embedded Android that intends to cover a broad set of topics about using Android as a platform for embedded devices.
Before we begin, we need to decide what elements we want to test. In our case, there are three things we're going to be focusing on:
Software
Hardware
Android Compatibility
Our goal is to ship a high-quality product which is working smoothly, has a great battery life, no crashes, works with all Android apps, delivers great performance, etc. So let's define what we want to test.
Software
Firstly, we need to make sure that a new ROM contains our changes and works as we expected.
Secondly, we need to check device performance (e.g. graphics rendering, UI smoothness, loading time, etc.) because this is one of the biggest problems on mobile devices. More CPU power means less battery life and vice versa, so we want to know if a new ROM has optimal settings.
If you are looking for the help with customization of your own build of Embedded Android that was built from AOSP or any other open-source version just let us know.
Hardware
Because of the huge amount of different devices we need to have a clear list of features that require testing. In our Bus Stop example we need to check:
Multimedia:
Audio – For playing sounds/music or voice response for disabled people
Video – For displaying ads or useful information
Networking:
3G/LTE connection – For updates and downloading new content
Wi-Fi – For updates and downloading new content
Sensors:
Accelerometer – To display UI in proper orientation
Gyroscope – To make ads more interactive
Light – To adjust the screen light during the day
System:
Camera (photo, video) – Can be used for interactive ads
OpenGL ES – To display HD graphics
Touch screen – To have control over the device
Storage (read, write) – To store content and apps
CPU, GPU – To make sure ROM works smoothly
RAM usage – To prevent overload and memory leaks
Compatibility
Any changes in AOSP can cause problems with running native apps. In this case we need to make sure that nothing is broken. To solve this problem you can run Google Compatibility tests. This test set can be performed manually and on CI.
Google provides predefined plans:
CTS — all tests required for compatibility
Signature — the signature verification of all public APIs
Android — tests for the Android APIs
Java — tests for the Java core library
VM — tests for ART or Dalvik
Performance — performance tests for your implementation
These tests produce reports with boolean True/False conditions for each test case. You'll get a short explanation if something went wrong.
Manual Tests vs CI Automation
So now we know what we want to test, it's time to decide how we're going to run these tests.
There are two ways to run such tests: manually or using CI automation.
Manual Tests
The manual method is a fairly simple and very fast way to verify your ROM. Everything you need is already implemented, so just download the app and you're ready to go with your hardware testing. On the other hand manual testing requires more effort, attention and planning. Also manual testing involves running apps for testing by your own hands. You need to download, install, run, click all menu items and analyze test results to make sure they match the expected results. This is not a problem if you only have a couple devices with a new ROM, otherwise you're in trouble.
If your device farm has a lot of different devices and new ROM versions are released regularly, you are going to need automation. There are a couple ways to implement a test suite and none of them are easy or fast.
Google provides free compatibility tests for different OS versions which can provide you all information about basic hardware/software checks.
Continuous Integration Tests
Another way of freeing yourself from manual testing is to implement automation cases for your custom apps. For example you can write test scripts which will follow the same steps you are taking manually, e.g. installing test app, running it, clicking menu items from your test plan and displaying report. The most efficient feature you could implement is “one click testing”, where you press the “Start” button on CI and simply wait for the results.
In an ideal world you would have a full-stack automation process, such as:
Build a new version of ROM
Flash device with this ROM
Run Hardware/Software/Compatibility tests against new ROM version
Check results
Building a suite like this makes sense if you have a huge project and want not only to save time, but also to ensure efficiency of work, distributed team, regression and long testing cycle.
How to get and install test apps
Let's discuss some options for manual checks. There are two ways to install the required apps for testing your new ROM: using Play Market or ADB (or any other tool). Obviously, to install an apk file you first of all need to get hold of it.
One of the easiest ways to download an apk file is using an online downloader. For example you can use the Apkpure site. Simply copy a link to an app from Play Market and paste it to the Apkpure site.
You need to copy a link to the app from the browser here.
Paste link recently copied from address line to the search field on Apkpure.com website.
You'll have an *.apk file a few moments later. Please make sure your device is connected via USB and turn On USB Debugging mode. Run command below once it is ready to install the selected app.
$ adb install path/to/app.apk
So, let's review a couple Apps in the Google Play market which can help you to run system-wide Android ROM tests against your build that run on your device.
How to run tests
In this section we want to understand how to run tests manually using the apps and tools we have chosen.
Here we want to focus on tools available “out of the box” which do not require any additional configurations or support. The following apps have basic functionality and high productivity.
AnTuTu Tester
AnTuTu Tester is a hardware tester for android. This tool is good for performing basic checks (e.g. making sure that all device sensors are alive or that multi-touch is working fine) and it allows you to test:
Battery – App asks you to keep your device on and performs stress testing to calculate a score.
Multi-touch – App displays a number of touches on the screen, so you can make sure this functionality works as expected.
System information: Includes info about CPU, GPU, Memory, SD Card, Screen, WiFi, GPS.
The app also includes a built-in benchmark test, so you can see how your changes have affected performance.
Z-DeviceTest
Z-DeviceTest lets you check your Android device sensors' “health” in an intuitive and comprehensive way, offering in-depth analysis of all the characteristics of your device.
The app works in a fairly similar way to the AnTuTu Tester, but it requires Google Play services to be installed on the device to run.
This app allows you to:
Check manufacturer's technical information.
Test functioning of all your sensors, like accelerometers, gyroscopes, magnetometers, barometers, etc.
Measure the accuracy of each sensor.
Test NFC near field communication.
Test Barometer.
Test detection of Navstar satellites.
The app includes data about more than 600 different devices, so you can compare your score with other devices and ROMs.
Sensor Box
This app is made by IMOBLIFE INC and essentially performs the same functions as the previous two, but it has richer graphics. Every device sensor has a specific 3D illustration of its work (e.g. ball on a table for gyro sensor, or flower which grows if light sensor works), so it very clearly demonstrates the working principle of each sensor. This is a cool tool if you need to show your users or clients how beautifully your new ROM works.
Sensors included:
Gyroscope
Light
Orientation
Proximity
Temperature
Accelerometer
Sound
Magnetic Field
Pressure
The app will show you all available sensors immediately after launch. If you assume there are going to be some hardware issues during development or alpha testing and want to have an easy way to check, this app will help you.
As you can see from the screenshot, we have some unavailable sensors and the app detected them immediately.
One more important thing to consider is performance and battery life. All manufacturers have to figure out a way to balance great performance with long battery life. This challenge will affect you as well and you need to be ready to test it.
Geekbench 3
This is a well known cross-platform benchmark. Basically, the app displays a score based on CPU/GPU performance. It might be useful to check this score with the native ROM and with your custom ROM and compare results. It could help you to find out whether your ROM has suffered a loss of performance. The app also allows you to store benchmark results online and compare them with the same devices across the world.
Geekbench 3 simulates real-world scenarios and quickly and accurately measures mobile processor performance.
Battery Indicator
This one is a tool to monitor battery drain. The app displays:
Estimated time left to discharge.
Temperature.
Voltage.
Charging or discharging velocity in percent per hour.
System's information about what drains your battery.
It allows you to monitor how your new ROM works with the battery and fix some leaks at the very beginning of development.
Google Compatibility Tests
Google Compatibility Tests (CTS) is an official tool recommended by google, so you can be sure your Android will work as expected and it will also help you to receive google certification and eligibility for GMS. This is a cool tool for automations, which you can also use during manual testing.
You can run CTS from Terminal in scope of manual suite and then check result manually, as it provides results that can be read by humans. This is a JAVA based tool, so you need to make sure JAVA 6 is installed. Also, you need to download CTS for a specific platform version. Here is an example of how to run it from Terminal:
$ path/to/android-cts/tools/cts-tradefed $ run cts --plan PlanName
You'll see results in Terminal after a couple minutes. It's maybe not that convenient to have to read all logs manually, but the information might sometimes be useful.
There is no major difference between all these apps in Play Market and any of them could check your device, but you need a strong Test Plan to follow. You can't avoid mistakes altogether when performing manual tests, but your challenge is to reduce them as much as possible.
Summary
As result of our testing, we will know the general condition of a new ROM and have the confidence that our shipped product is stable, matches our acceptance criteria and is ready to be used by end users. Don't try to bite off more than you can chew. Just play around with tools, methods, some best practices and compose your test suite for your own needs. It's not possible to test everything, but you always need to keep in mind the things we have just discussed, such as:
Hardware.
Software.
Compatibility.
Test plan.
Focus on having a straightforward process that defines the workflow of development and which has been covered as much as possible with tests. The main aim is to end up with a happy customer and users who like your product.
The prospect of an African-American president is bringing white supremacist subculture in the US out of the shadows
Daniel Cowart and Paul Schlesselman, the two Tennessee neo-Nazis arrested for plotting to kill 102 African-American schoolchildren and then assassinate Barack Obama, clearly drew inspiration from a violent white nationalist group called the Order. In the 1980s, members of the Order carried out a crime spree that included several high-profile murders.
The connection to the Order is evident in the numbers the two men scrawled on their car on Saturday shortly before they were arrested: 14 and 88. The so-called Fourteen Words is a slogan - "We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children" - coined by Order member David Lane, who also wrote an essay called 88 Precepts. In white supremacist circles, 14-88 is a shorthand expression of allegiance to the beliefs put forth by Lane and the Order, who wanted to found a white homeland where they could preserve the "Aryan race" from being polluted by non-whites and enslaved by the "Zionist-occupied government" of the US. Lane also advocated polygamy and a kind of European paganism he called Wotanism.
The plot by the two Tennessee men, grotesque as it may be, seems not to have got beyond the half-baked stage. But in the early 1980s, the Order - also known as the Brüder Schweigen or Silent Brotherhood - was active, violent, and deadly.
In order to finance their mission, the gang robbed a series of banks and armoured cars and ran a counterfeiting operation. Cowart and Schlesselman are also said to have planned a series of robberies to support their plot - another indication that they modelled themselves on the Order.
Order members were best known for the 1984 murder of Denver talkshow host Alan Berg. The group's leader, Robert Jay Matthews, was killed soon afterwards in a shootout with federal agents. David Lane was arrested in 1985 and died in prison last year while serving a 190-year sentence. Both men have become heroes and martyrs to the white supremacist movement.
During the heyday of the racist far right in the 1980s, the Order was only one of the groups active across the US. I wrote about that subculture for years, and made a film about it.
During that time, I visited one of the meetings that brought the various groups together, hosted on the Michigan farm of Bob Miles, the Grand Dragon of the local Ku Klux Klan (and also a former finance chairman of the Michigan Republican party).
Miles sought to unite the divergent factions - the various Klans, the Aryan Nations, the National Alliance, the Posse Comitatus, the Order and others -into a serious revolutionary movement with an armed underground. This would be built around leaderless cells and have an overground political presence. In some cases, efforts were made to influence the most rightwing reaches of the Republican party.
Bob Miles's dream of a united front never materialised. And those who track the white power movement generally view it as having been in decline after the 1980s, floundering around without purpose or leadership. Yet remnants of it have clearly survived. They surfaced with horrific results in Oklahoma City in 1995, and they can be found among today's skinheads and their fellow travellers.
Some of these are part of biker gangs, including the Sons of Silence, who were implicated in a threat against Obama at the Democratic convention in Denver. Some have joined the anti-immigrant vigilante movement, committing drive-by shootings of Mexican labourers. Others are scattered around doing their own thing: picking fights in bars, beating up gay men. Some are clearly being brought out of the dark corners by the prospect of an African-American man as president. That's the case with the subject of our video, the National Socialist Movement's Steven Boswell, who talked to us in Columbia, Missouri.
• James Ridgeway is the author of Blood in the Face: The Ku Klux Klan, Aryan Nations, Nazi Skinheads and the Rise of a New White Culture
NCAA First and Second Round
ONLY all-session tickets are available in advance.
All-Session Ticket Packages
RESERVED
All-Sessions (all ages)
Single Session Tickets
Parking
– The Wisconsin volleyball team earned the highest seed in program history as it is seeded third in the 2016 NCAA Championship.The Badgers (25-4) were selected as the No. 3 overall seed when the 64-team bracket was announced on Sunday night. UW will host first-round and second-round matches on Thursday and Friday in the UW Field House."We certainly excited to have one of the top-four seeds," head coachsaid. "The Field House is a great place to play and it's great to play in front of our fans. That was one of quite a few goals that we had. One was to get a top-four seed and we're planning on trying to play as well as we can possibly play."Wisconsin will take on Howard (26-5), the 2016 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference champion, in the first- round on Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in the UW Field House. In-state rival Marquette (23-8) faces Washington State (21-11) in the other first-round match on Thursday at 5 p.m."It's a team from a smaller conference," Sheffield said of Howard. "They played a couple of Big Ten teams in Penn State and Purdue … and they've won a lot. You get a lot of confidence from winning. I'm sure they're going to come in, feeling like 'Hey, we've won a lot of matches. We can go in there and take these guys and give them a match. We've played other Big Ten teams' so there's not going to be much of a fear factor."Winners will advance to the second-round match on Friday at 7 p.m.All-session ticket packages for the first and second-rounds will go on sale at 8:30 a.m. on Tuesday. Only all-session tickets (three matches) are available in advance with single-session tickets on sale on Thursday at 8:30 a.m.The Badgers are 39-19 (.673) in 19 NCAA tournament appearances. Wisconsin has hosted first and second-round matches 16 times, including in 2015 when it defeated Oregon in the first round and Iowa State in the second round. UW advanced to the NCAA Austin Regional final last season, losing to Florida, 3-2, in the Sweet 16.Eight Big Ten Conference teams made it into the NCAA tournament, including No. 1-seed Nebraska and No. 2-seed Minnesota.*All-session ticket packages include two tickets: one ticket for Thursday's First Round (both matches, no re-entry allowed) and one ticket for Friday's Second Round.SOLD OUTAll-SessionsAll-SessionsSingle session tickets on-sale Thursday, Dec. 1 at 8:30 a.m.Please Note: Red Cards, Sports Passes and coupons are not valid for post-season play.There will be no advanced parking sales for the first and second rounds. Parking will be available in Lot 16 (48 North Randall Avenue) and Lot 17 (1525 Engineering Drive). Accessible parking will be available in Lot 18 (1420 Monroe Street) with an accompanying handicap placard or handicap license plates. Permits are $10 each and may be purchased using cash only. Lots will open 3 hours prior to the event.
That San Jose Earthquakes may have just filled that hole left by Rafael Baca after all.
A San Jose spokesman on Monday confirmed to MLSsoccer.com that the team has agreed to terms with French veteran Jean-Baptiste Pierazzi, who is expected to join the squad later this month for preseason training.
The move for the 28-year-old Pierazzi has been rumored for days and was first reported by Robert Jonas at Quake, Rattle & Goal. A formal announcement is expected soon.
A 6-foot-1, box-to-box midfielder, Pierazzi has been with French club AC Ajaccio since beginning his professional career in 2006 and helped the club gain promotion to Ligue 1 following the 2010-11 campaign. He has scored two goals in 179 league appearances and should help fill the void left behind by Baca, who joined Liga MX outfit Cruz Azul last month.
The Earthquakes are expected to begin their 2014 preseason preparations later this month. Baca was transfered to Mexican side Cruz Azul last month after three seasons in San Jose.
We are at PAX EAST this week, but never fear, @Seshatar and friends will stream RIFT for us!
We are heading to PAX East and would love to see you there! While the Dwarf is away, the players will play! Join everyone's favorite EuroStreamer, @Seshatar, on this hosted livestream.
He has invited along some special guests:
Kiwi from the official Rift Discord server
from the official Rift Discord server Misterwibble from riftpictures.com
from riftpictures.com Clowd from The Ghar Station blog
Of course, it wouldn't be a proper SeshaStream without Kira to serve as channel mod & good mood lady, so of COURSE she'll be here!
What on earth (or Telara) will they be talking about?
This fearsome group will level fresh Defiant characters on NA Faeblight – make a character there before the stream to take part!
They will also sling some trivia questions around in chat, and host a discussion about the Creator Program, upcoming 4.1 content and more!
Make sure you log in to take part, so that you will qualify for the stream giveaways as well: three Void Drakes and a bunch of Trion PAX Code cards, which include the Community Tuskar and an item from every one of our other games! As an added bonus, we'll throw in three Plushie PuPs (yes, we'll mail them anywhere) for Seshatar to give away. Yeah, we know PuP is from Atlas Reactor, but he is SO cute, we want to encourage RIFT Dev to put him in as a companion pet – you know you want one!
RIFT LIVESTREAM
http://twitch.tv/trionworlds
Friday, Mar. 10, 2017, 3:30 PM PST
Store Account, Campaign, AdGroup, and Keyword Level Quality Score UPDATE: 2014-02-15 - I updated the script to v2.0 which speeds the script up dramatically, includes the ability to store data into a CSV and...
Disable Ads and Keywords For Out of Stock Items UPDATE 2016-01-26: In response to some common issues, this script has been updated to include some enhancements. Please see the change log n...
Google Ads Account Audit Checklist Using Google Ads Scripts I was browsing through some old WordStream blog posts and noticed this one from Phil Kowalski about an Google Ads Account Audit Checklist . It...
Limit Google Ads Overdelivery to Any Amount You Want Google announced that daily budgets will now be able to overdeliver up to 100% rather than 20% as had been the case since the earliest days...
Springfield Mayor Domenic J. Sarno spoke with Dr. Seuss Enterprises on Friday about its decision to pull a mural from The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss Museum after complaints from three authors that it contains a "jarring racial stereotype" of Chinese man with chopsticks.
The mayor said he received a call from Susan Brandt, president of licensing and marketing for the company on Friday afternoon.
"I told her next week it will be something else," Sarno said of the controversy. "You have to put your foot down and draw a line in the sand."
He said he reiterated to Brandt that he wanted the "And To Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street" mural to remain in place.
"I sense they are looking for a plausible compromise," Sarno said.
The mayor said he believed that Springfield Museums President Kay Simpson had been "put under the gun by Dr. Seuss Enterprises and they felt they had to make a move on this."
Prior to the announcement on Thursday night by the Springfield Museums and Dr. Seuss Enterprises, Simpson had written in a letter, "As a museum, we do not alter or edit an artist's work."
Authors Mo Willems, Mike Curato and Lisa Yee of Northampton, who signed a letter to the Springfield Museums and posted it on social media, said they found part of the mural "deeply hurtful" and would not attend a planned Oct. 14 event there.
Springfield Museums officials said they offered to meet with Willems, Curato and Yee, but they declined.
The mural character in question was described by Geisel in his 1937 book as "a Chinese man who eats with sticks."
In a statement to the media, Sarno said "This is political correctness at its worst, and this is what is wrong with our country. We have extreme fringe groups on both the right and the left dictating an agenda to divide instead of working together towards the betterment of our country."
The mayor accused the authors of manufacturing an issue to boost their profile.
Golden Gate Bridge seen from the Marin Headlands at nightfall
The Marin Headlands is a hilly peninsula at the southernmost end of Marin County, California, United States, located just north of San Francisco across the Golden Gate Bridge, which connects the two counties and peninsulas. The entire area is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. The Headlands are famous for their views of the Bay Area, especially of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Climate [ edit ]
The Headlands sometimes create their own clouds when moist, warm Pacific Ocean breezes are pushed into higher, colder air, causing condensation, fog, fog drip and perhaps rain. The hills also get more precipitation than at sea level, for the same reason. However, despite being relatively wet, strong gusty Pacific winds prevent dense forests from forming. The many gaps, ridges, and valleys in the hills increase the wind speed and periodically, during powerful winter storms, these winds can reach hurricane force.[citation needed] In summer, breezes can still be very gusty, when the oceanic air and fog cross the hills.
November through February in the Headlands are dominated by periodic rainstorms that blow in from the Pacific, often originating in the Gulf of Alaska, and give the area the majority of its rainfall for the year. These cloudy, gray, and rainy days often are interspersed with cool but extremely clear ones. As winter turns to spring, the April-to-June weather tends to be dominated by powerful winds, less rain, and clearer skies. Summer days alternate between clear and warm intervals, giving way to foggy and cool periods. September and October bring the highest average temperatures of the year and the longest stretches of clear skies.[1]
Hawk Hill [ edit ]
The centerpoint of the Marin Headlands skyline is the 920-foot (280 m) Hawk Hill, the lookout point for the largest known flight of diurnal raptors in the Pacific states.
Each autumn, from August into December, tens of thousands of hawks, kites, falcons, eagles, vultures, osprey, and harriers are funneled by the peninsular shape of Marin County into the headlands. Hawks avoid flight over water since warm thermals that provide lift are rare. Abundant populations of small mammals protected by the park are one resource that helps maintain the large number of visiting raptors in the Headlands during the fall, but the strong onshore winds hitting the hills of the Headlands provide cold updrafts and hot late summer days provide warm thermals that allow these birds to fly more efficiently.
Volunteers with the Golden Gate Raptor Observatory count and track this fall migration using bird-banding and radio-tracking techniques, all in cooperation with the National Park Service.
Wildlife [ edit ]
The Marin Headlands are also home to black tail deer, mountain lions, bobcats, two types of fox, coyotes, wild turkeys, hares, rabbits, raccoons, and skunks. In 2003, there was a reported sighting of a black bear in the Headlands; the report was lent credence by a 2012 finding of bear scat on a hiking trail in the Kent Lake watershed, and another sighting on the Point Reyes National Seashore in 2011.[2] River otters inhabit the freshwater lagoons and streams. Large numbers of water birds also migrate through the Headlands, including brown pelicans from May through October; and grebes, egrets, and great blue herons in the spring, summer, and fall. The Headlands' status as a park protects the habitat and populations of these animals within just a few miles of San Francisco and its suburbs.
In the waters surrounding the Headlands, harbor seals can be found year-round, gray whales can be seen in the spring and fall, and seabirds such as common murres and surf scoters swim within sight of shore.
Geology [ edit ]
Well-preserved pillow lava in Marin Headlands
The Marin Headlands are a fascinating geological formation created by the accretion of oceanic sediments from the Pacific Plate onto the North American Plate. The primary components of Headlands geology include graywacke sandstone, radiolarian chert, serpentinite, pillow basalts, and shale. These rocks began their migration over one hundred million years ago from as far south as present-day Los Angeles. The erosion of the hillsides and construction activities during the military era have exposed some dramatic examples of these rock types for easy viewing, and the folding caused by tectonic action is visually evident in many places throughout the Headlands.[3]
Cultural history [ edit ]
Native Americans [ edit ]
The Marin Headlands were home to the Native American Coastal Miwok tribe, who moved between the bay side of the peninsula and the ocean side seasonally, for thousands of years.
Ranchos [ edit ]
In the 18th century, Spanish and Mexican ranchers occupied the Headlands, eventually giving way to Portuguese immigrant dairy farmers (often from the Azores) during the American period following the U.S. acquisition of California in the Mexican–American War.
Military sites [ edit ]
Battery Spencer, the closest defense site at the Marin Headlands to the Golden Gate Bridge
The Marin Headlands is the site of a number of historic military settlements fortifications, including Fort Cronkhite, Fort Barry, a large number of bunkers and batteries, and the SF-88 Nike Missile silo. From the 1890s, the first military installations were built to prevent hostile ships from entering San Francisco Bay. The batteries at Kirby Cove, above Black Sands Beach, south of Rodeo Beach, and at Battery Mendell are examples of fortifications from the pre-World War I period. During World War II Batteries Wallace, Townsley, and 129 on Hawk Hill were built into the hills to protect them from aerial bombardment and the high caliber shells that would be fired by Axis battleships. The emplacements at the top of Hawk Hill were used for a radio station. During the Cold War, the gun batteries were decommissioned, but antiaircraft missile sites were built on the northern and southern sides of Rodeo Lagoon. Radar sites were placed atop Hawk Hill and Hill 88. At several locations, shelters were built into the hillsides to protect the military personnel from the use of nuclear, biological, or chemical weapons.[4]
Observation posts known as base end stations can also be found in the Headlands. A well-preserved example can be seen near the northern end of Rodeo Beach, and others are located near the Point Bonita Lighthouse and on Wolf Ridge as it slopes down to the sea.
All military sites in the Headlands are now decommissioned and returned to civilian use. Some military facilities, such as SF-88, have been preserved as historical sites. Many historical buildings are now used by non-profit organizations, but maintained in their historical condition.
Other historic landmarks in the Headlands include Point Bonita Lighthouse.
Development [ edit ]
In the 1960s, the government sold over 2,000 acres (8 km2) of land in the Marin Headlands to a private developer who planned to build a city named Marincello. The development would house 30,000 people amongst 50 apartment towers, vast tracts of single-family homes, and a hotel along the headlands pristine shoreline and hills. In 1970, the developer lost a lawsuit claiming the land was illegally zoned. The thousands of acres that would have been developed were sold to the Golden Gate National Recreation Area allowing the open space to stay intact as a park.[5]
Recreation [ edit ]
Views [ edit ]
The area has views of San Francisco and, as such, is a tourist destination. One of the most common photographs[citation needed] of San Francisco is the view of the city from the Headlands with the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge just reaching out of the fog. On clear days, the site takes in views of the bay, including the Farallon Islands, Angel Island, Alcatraz, the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge, the Golden Gate Bridge and the East Bay.
A 360° panorama of the San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge as viewed from the Marin Headlands.
Panorama at nightfall
View of Golden Gate Bridge and San Francisco from Hawk Hill.
Where Conzelman Road runs along the southern shore of the Headlands and becomes one-way, a pedestrian path leads upwards to Hawk Hill. A short distance further on the right, in a grove of Monterey pines, is a bench from which it is possible to view the Golden Gate, ship traffic beneath the bridge, and the city just beyond.[citation needed]
Beaches [ edit ]
View from Kirby Cove
The entrance to the Golden Gate from Battery Wallace Mano Seca Bench
Overlooking Rodeo Beach in the Marin Headlands. Velella (By-the-wind Sailors) are stranded, forming blue ribbons.
The Headlands offer a number of beaches including Rodeo Beach (a pebble-covered, dark sand beach), Kirby Cove, Pirates' Cove, Black Sands Beach, Tennessee Beach, Muir Beach. Rodeo and Muir Beaches are accessible by car, while the others require hikes of varying length and difficulty.
There are many hiking and biking trails in the Headlands, several of which pass through coastal sage scrub, chaparral, and riparian areas.
Birding [ edit ]
The raptor migration attracts birdwatchers to Hawk Hill, and waterfowl and seabirds can sometimes be seen on Rodeo Lagoon.
Facilities and notable places [ edit ]
The National Park Service maintains a visitor center near the intersection of Field Road and Bunker Road about a mile from Rodeo Beach. The visitor center contains historical and natural history displays as well as a small bookstore/gift shop. Hiking maps and Park Service program information are available as well.
Facilities include Presidio Fire Department Fire Station No. 2, located at building 1045 Fort Cronkhite. This fire station is operated by the National Park Service and houses one fire engine with cliff rescue capabilities.
Public restrooms are available in the Headlands at the visitor center parking lot, the parking lot near Rodeo Beach, and portable toilet facilities are available at the trailhead leading to the Point Bonita Lighthouse, along Conzelman Road near Black Sands Beach, at Battery Alexander dug into the hillside between Rodeo Beach and the Lighthouse, and at Battery 129 on Hawk Hill.
Conference center facilities are located in former military buildings maintained by the Point Bonita YMCA, NatureBridge, and the Headlands Center for the Arts. Cavallo Point conference center is in East Fort Baker on the eastern side of the peninsula.
Other areas within Marin Headlands include Kirby Cove, Rodeo Lagoon, and Tennessee Cove.
Various nonprofit organizations have facilities in Marin Headlands. These include the Marine Mammal Center, the Foundation for Deep Ecology, and the NatureBridge campus (formerly known as the Headlands Institute), all in Fort Cronkhite; the Headlands Center for the Arts and the Marin Headlands Hostel at Fort Barry; and the Marin Headlands and Tennessee Valley Native Plant Nurseries.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Black
$18
18mm / Premium Brushed / Black 18mm / Premium Polished / Black 20mm / Premium Brushed / Black 20mm / Premium Polished / Black 20mm / Premium Black PVD / Black 22mm / Premium Brushed / Black 22mm / Premium Polished / Black 22mm / Premium Black PVD / Black 24mm / Premium Brushed / Black Width 18mm 20mm 22mm 24mm Hardware Premium Brushed Premium Polished Premium Black PVD Color Black Qty Add to Cart
Out Of Stock! We will notify you when this product becomes available. Availability Date:
Simple, elegant, and goes with everything. It's hard to go wrong with our black BluShark strap with stainless steel hardware. As with all BluShark straps, this one is made with high-grade ballistic...
View full product details »
With a dizzying array of announcements this week, it seems almost inevitable that the web will become, at least for the near future, an extension of Facebook. Like it or not.
In some ways it's a great development, making it simpler to connect what you read, watch and listen to. But there's a nagging suspicion that when Facebook says it's simply reacting to changing norms about how public we want our lives to be, that it's actually forging that condition, not reacting to it.
And when I say forging, I intend both meanings of the word.
The question is whether you are actually using Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family – or whether Facebook is just using you.With a few deft maneuvers, Facebook is aiming to make itself the center of the internet, the central repository and publisher of what users like and do online. Facebook's new tendrils will likely give what is already the world's largest social network enough data to compete with Google for billions from advertisers who are hungry to spend their ad dollars on ads they can target specifically.
Facebook's main lever to get all this data funneled to them is a simple "I Like" button, which websites can embed on their pages with very little effort. When a user clicks on that button, they signal to Facebook to add their vote on their user stream that they are a fan of this NFL player, this romantic comedy or that blog. Websites that embed some smart metadata (geared mostly for Facebook) into their pages let Facebook know what kind of thing a user likes, so Facebook can automatically add it to the relevant section of that person's profile – with a link back to the original site.
Sites can also choose to install a sharing toolbar that sits at the bottom of your browser while you are on your site, or an even larger widget that shows what you and your friends are currently doing on Facebook – and with the "Like" button – around the net.
The setup makes it simple for users logged into Facebook to update their profiles and broadcast their activities to the world (liking something, including a political or religious group, like many parts of all Facebook profiles these days, is public information, no matter how you configure privacy settings.)
Logged-in Facebook users will also be transmitting information about their travels around the net to Facebook servers whenever they visit a page deploying the Like button, regardless of whether they actually click that button or not. Facebook also plans to transmit user data to some web services ahead of their visit – so that when you visit the site, it's "instantly personalized." In practice, this means that if you are new to the music site Pandora, they'll have a custom station waiting for you based on the music you've liked in your profile.
While such tracking happens with third-party ad networks, they don't know your name or anything about you other than where you go on the net. Facebook has far more to connect your browsing information to. Perhaps the closest analog is Google's creepy Web History which tracks you around the web and records every URL you visit, but that system only works for people who install the Google Toolbar and who don't unclick the "Web History" button when they create a Google account. That system, along with your search history, are also separate from Google's ad tracking system, which doesn't know your name or who your friends are.
Certainly, this sets Facebook in some competition with Google, especially with AdSense, which is Google's ad platform that publishers use to put ads on their sites.
But reports that Facebook has "won" the web are laughable, especially given the numbers Google put up this month, with more than $6 billion in revenue over the first 3 months of the year. Moreover, the bulk of Google's ad revenue comes from "contextual" ads, which rely on the contents of a web page or search query. It's far from clear that targeted ads – even ones based on deep profiles – would do better than the ads on Google's search page, even if Facebook eventually thinks it can build a search engine whose rankings are set via the data it collects from users.
Facebook built much of this easy-to-use system on "open" standards, as WebMonkey's Michael Calore reports, even as it sucks the data into a closed community. But those standards are used almost exclusively by Facebook, and ignore the work that's been done by others to create universally understandable meta-data.
Moreover, the Like button feeds exclusively to Facebook. If your primary identity on the net is at LinkedIn or Google or MySpace or god forbid, on your own domain, this button do you no good. Facebook didn't build this architecture to make the net better, it built it to make Facebook money.
You can opt out of some of this through Facebook's increasingly arcane privacy settings, though most won't do anything to stop Facebook's relentless push to make people's profiles public.
And at least until someone comes up with a universal "like" button that feeds your votes to the place you want it to go, the web will increasingly become an extension of Facebook. The question for many in the days to come is whether you are actually using Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family, or whether Facebook is just using you.
See Also:
Additional details are emerging about President Donald Trump's $109.7 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia that was formally signed on May 20. Some of the big winners in the deal include defense industrial giants Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Raytheon among others. The massive arms deal had been in the works for the past two years and was coordinated via the U.S.-Saudi Arabia Threat-Based Security Cooperation Working Group.
Lockheed Martin garnered a substantial portion of the massive deal. Altogether, the company netted more than $28 billion from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA):
– Letters of Offer and Acceptance and a Memorandum of Intent covering government-to-government sales of Lockheed Martin programs to include integrated air and missile defense systems, multi-mission surface combatant ships, radar systems, surveillance systems, tactical aircraft and rotary wing programs. – A Letter of Intent, between Lockheed Martin and Taqnia, to form a joint venture to support final assembly and completion of an estimated 150 S-70 Black Hawk utility helicopters for the Saudi government. The program supports work for more than 450 U.S. jobs including in Connecticut at Sikorsky and throughout the U. S. supply chain and also supports KSA's Vision 2030 by creating an additional 450 jobs in the Kingdom, developing local capabilities through technology and skills transfer, thus enhancing the U.S.-Saudi global security partnership. – A Memorandum of Understanding between Lockheed Martin and Saudi Arabian Military Industries for the parties to work together to build defense capabilities in the KSA to support Vision 2030 and provide for localization efforts associated with Multi-mission Surface Combatants and Aerostats.
Meanwhile, Boeing also captured a significant portion of the deal, although the company did not list a dollar value for its share of the spoils. Perhaps more interestingly, Saudi Arabia will be purchasing the potent Boeing P-8 Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft. Boeing listed the following as just a portion of its share of the Saudi deal:
– Agreements to purchase Chinook helicopters and associated support services as well as guided weapon systems. – Saudi Arabia's intent to order P-8 maritime, patrol and reconnaissance aircraft, which are based on the Boeing 737 commercial airplane.
– A joint venture with the Kingdom to provide sustainment services for a wide range of military platforms. The agreement also supports Saudi Arabia's efforts to grow its indigenous aerospace industry and ecosystem through its Vision 2030 initiative. – A commercial registration certificate for the Saudi Rotorcraft Support Company, a newly formed joint venture between Boeing, Alsalam Aerospace Industries and Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries with bases in both Riyadh and Jeddah that will provide support for both military and commercial helicopters. – An agreement between Boeing and SaudiGulf Airlines to negotiate the sale of up to 16 widebody airplanes.
Raytheon did not offer a detailed breakdown of what exactly it will sell to Saudi Arabia under the deal, but most of the equipment is related to command and control hardware.
– The agreement will enable continued global growth for Raytheon in key market areas such as Air Defense Systems, Smart Munitions, C4I Systems and Cybersecurity of Defense Systems and Platforms. This partnership will also contribute directly to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's localized defense ecosystem with regional expert capabilities, and will provide a long-term foundation for Saudi Arabia's economic development. – As part of this new agreement, Raytheon today announced plans to establish Raytheon Arabia, a Saudi legal entity wholly-owned by Raytheon that will focus on implementing programs to create indigenous defense, aerospace and security capabilities in the Kingdom. The new company will be based in Riyadh and is expected to include in-country program management, supply and sourcing capabilities, improved customer access and centralized accountability. These programs will positively impact Saudi and U.S. economies including job creation.
Other defense contractors such as General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman, BAE Systems and others that have almost certainly gained substantially from the Saudi deal have not been as forthcoming. More detail will likely become available as time passes.
Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar.
Featured image: The National Interest Blog
The Super Bowl success and the Sounders' eagerness to get into their own operation prompted the separation that was in everyone's minds from the 2007 start.
Seeds for Thursday afternoon's news that the Sounders and Seahawks would be splitting their shared business operations were sown a long time ago. In fact, discussions that led to the decision started at almost the same time the teams started working together.
“There were definitely conversations all along the way about the best way to run the Sounders,” team owner and GM Adrian Hanauer said Friday. “I imagine that internally on the Seahawks side, they were also having discussions on how to best run the Seahawks and maximize their operations.”
In 2007, when the Sounders began making the leap from USL to MLS, they were beneficiaries of a unique, fruitful partnership with the Seahawks, who provided the business backbone that helped the Sounders' launch become the massive success that it was.
But from the start, people in both organizations knew a day would come when the Seahawks would nudge the Sounders out of the nest. Hanauer said momentum for that split picked up steam late last year as both sides engaged in “more substantive conversations about whether now was the right time.”
Now was deemed the right time because of the teams' business calendars. The Seahawks are in their first off-season as defending Super Bowl champions. They've never been bigger. By making this move now, their staff will be free to concentrate 100 percent on the NFL and the Seahawks brand as they attempt to build on success.
From the Sounders perspective, now is the perfect time because most of the heavy lifting for their 2014 season is done. “We're done with our sales cycle for this year,” Hanauer says. “We can always sell more, but most of our tickets, suites, and sponsorship deals for this year are done.”
The timing will give them a few months to figure out how to operate in their new world before the 2015 sales cycle starts late this summer.
They will use that time to establish new offices in the Pioneer Square area. Hanauer sounds like a teenager getting ready to move out of his parents' home when he talks about the move of the team's business operations out of VMAC in Renton.
“There are some really fun and exciting things in terms of creating a home base and creating our own unique soccer culture on the business side,” he said. “We always felt we were a part of the family but it's nice to think about our own home.”
That home won't include a new stadium any time in the near future. The Sounders have five years remaining on their lease at CenturyLink, Given the size of the crowds they routinely draw, the idea of leaving is not on anyone's radar.
The deal becomes official on April 30, almost 6½ years after the partnership began Nov. 13, 2007. Ownership structure of the team won't change as a result of the split. Hanauer's ownership stake will remain the same, slightly less than the majority share held by filmmaker Joe Roth. Seahawks owner Paul Allen will retain his 25 percent ownership in the club and comedian Drew Carey will also maintain his smaller share.
Timing was also right for the Sounders because their business has grown and stabilized to the point that even the ever-cautious Hanauer believes they should have no trouble being out on their own.
“In the first few years, we felt like it was startup,” Hanauer says. “I am by nature extremely paranoid about businesses I own and operate. I'm always wondering if fans are going to show up. But after five years I'm pretty convinced we're here to stay, and we have a solid foundation in the community.”
They will always thank the Seahawks for help in building that foundation. Soon will be seen what can be done on their own.
click to enlarge Bert Johnson/File photo
Oakland City Hall.
Two policy directives drafted by Councilmember Dan Kalb to increase government transparency were cut from the final 2015-17 Oakland budget passed on Tuesday. One of the proposals would have required all documents filed in Oakland's online Legistar system to be "machine readable," giving anyone the ability to search the entire text of reports and other supplemental materials by keyword and find PDF documents discussing issues of concern to them. The policy directive would have implemented a “paperless and entirely electronic,” agenda filing system.The second proposal would have required all city boards and commissions to post all of their agendas and materials online, and to make an archive of these materials permanently available. As the Express reported in May , many city boards and commissions do not post archived materials online. Some boards and commissions don't have websites. Many boards and commissions also do not post upcoming notices of meetings online, and some do not even post paper copies of their agendas on the bulletin boards outside City Hall – the most minimal standard required in order to comply with the Brown Act and Oakland's Sunshine Ordinance.Why these two good government transparency measures were removed from the final budget is unclear. Council President Lynette Gibson McElhaney included the proposals in her initial budget amendments submitted on June 18. But the council president's second draft submitted on June 25 struck these policy directives.Councilmembers Dan Kalb and Lynette Gibson McElhaney did not immediately return phone calls.
The police are asking for the public's help identifying two suspects who they say hung a noose from a middle school in Crofton, Maryland.
WASHINGTON — Police are asking for the public's help identifying two male suspects who they say hung a noose from a middle school in Crofton, Maryland.
The Anne Arundel County police said that officers were called to the Crofton Middle School, on Davidsonville Road, at about 11 a.m. Thursday. Shortly before, they said, a teacher found the noose hanging from a light fixture on the exterior of the school building.
Detectives watched surveillance video from the school and found that two people got onto the roof early Thursday and put the noose there.
If you can identify the suspects, or know anything else about the case, the police ask you to call them at 410-222-9772.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Small Faces: Here Comes the Nice - The Immediate Years
When theartsdesk last covered Small Faces' reissues in May 2012, the review concluded “the Deluxe Editions are probably (who knows what might lurk in obscure archives?) the last word on these albums.” As anticipated and as revealed by this box set, more did indeed lurk in obscure archives. Moreover, the appearance of Here Comes the Nice calls into question just what half of those Deluxe Editions of the band's four albums used as their sonic source materials. This new release boasts that it is “all sourced and remastered from recently discovered original master and multitrack tapes.” An important thing to shout for such an important band.
It's no secret Small Faces' back catalogue has been a mess, and made more so by wrangles over ownership, payment and what truly represents their ever-golden music as it was intended it to be heard. It should be noted though, as the box's book makes clear “the Small Faces' Decca catalogue had every single master tape present and correct in pristine condition.” Small Faces were on two labels: first Decca and then from Spring 1967 Andrew Loog Oldham's Immediate. This new release is solely concerned with the band's stay at Immediate.
The book also reveals that the entire tape archive for that period – before the road leading to this collection was set off upon – consisted of a single “battered cardboard box” containing “not much…this small box symbolised a crime scene. We [the box set's compilers, especially the tenacious Rob Caiger] had to adopt a forensic approach from the start to even see if it were even possible to come up with master tapes for the original albums, let alone a definitive box set of hits and rarities.” The search, which scandalously no one had bothered to undertake before, unearthed tapes from all over the world and went through everything in known archives.
Caiger tells the sad and sorry story in his depressing essay. It makes salutary reading for anyone who thinks a band vital to British popular culture would have been treated respectfully by those charged with their stewardship. Virgin took over Olympic, one of Small Faces' regular studios, in 1987 and dumped master tapes in skips. And so it goes on: their catalogue continues to change hands, even as recently as last year.
The foundation of this box set is the music, made by four – whatever their stature – giants. In his introduction to the fine book, Pete Townshend says “Stevie Marriott was a fucking genius, Ronnie Lane was a sublime genius, Ian McLagan still is a genius (and one of the best men on the planet), Kenney Jones is the best f**king rock and R&B drummer I've ever played with. The Small Faces were a place of joy in the early UK music scene. A complete delight.”
As well as four CDs of pristine-sounding music, the box includes the hardback book, a softback lyric book, three vinyl singles, a replica acetate pressing, postcards, a facsimile press kit and posters. Only 3,000 have been manufactured. It is expensive, but it's a one-off and assembled with care.
But it comes back to the music – music which has never been heard this way before. The quartet of CDs begins with one dedicated to their UK and overseas 45s. Then there are three discs of alternates, out-takes and studio sessions. The fourth ends with tracks recorded lived in Newcastle in November 1968. These have been around the houses endlessly but are stripped of their overdubbed audience noise and have their speed and pitch corrected. The live “All or Nothing” is astounding. Before, it was a muffled thud. Newly clear and bulldozer-powerful, it's thrillingly driven by Jones's wild, wild drums. The “Tin Soldier” which follows are even more incredible. Throughout, the freshness of the sound reiterates that Jones is one of rock's most compelling drummers.
Whether you take after take of “Green Circles” is needed is a matter of taste, but hearing this song evolving into its classic finished form in the studio is utterly enthralling. The band may have sometimes publicly come across as jesters, but they knew exactly what they were doing in the studio. They were serious about it. The session tapes of “Tin Soldier” are mind blowing. Experiencing the song taking shape while they record it is eerie – not just because Jones and McLagan are the only Small Faces left with us. It's that eavesdropping on this birth which brings a shiver.
A comparison of this set's single take of “Itchycoo Park” with the version included on the Deluxe Editions reveals the latter as now seeming muffled and over-EQed (presumably to hide deficiencies in the source material). That sounded fine then, but it's shot down by what's here. To then compare the new “Itchycoo Park” with an original pressing of the single is fascinating. The new one is the same as that, but fuller and has more presence. There is more to it. The band feel closer than ever before.
Here Comes the Nice - The Immediate Years may not be a mainstream purchase. But it is a wonderful thing. Even without the top-drawer packaging, the CDs alone would be wonderful. Treat yourself.
Visit Kieron Tyler's blog
Overleaf: watch Small Faces' Kenney Jones reminisce while discussing Here Come The Nice - The Immediate Years
Watch Small Faces' Kenney Jones reminisce while discussing Here Come The Nice - The Immediate Years
During the last I/O, Google introduced Room, a persistence library which allows fluent database access while harnessing the full power of SQLite.
It's true that the core framework already provides built-in support for working with SQL content, but although these APIs are powerful, they are fairly low-level and require a great deal of time and effort to use. Its major disadvantages are:
There is no compile-time verification of raw SQL queries, as your data graph changes, you need to update the affected SQL queries manually.
Lots of boilerplate code to convert between SQL queries and Java data objects.
Luckily for us, Google wants to make easier our programmer life and Room takes care of these concerns for you. Basically, Room is an abstraction layer over SQLite.
Room major components:
Entity: This component represents a class that holds a database row. For each entity, a database table is created to hold the items.
This component represents a class that holds a database row. For each entity, a database table is created to hold the items. DAO: This component represents a class or an interface as a Data Access Object (DAO). DAOs are the main component of Room and are responsible for defining the methods that access the database.
This component represents a class or an interface as a Data Access Object (DAO). DAOs are the main component of Room and are responsible for defining the methods that access the database. Database: is a holder class that uses annotation to define the list of entities and database version. This class content and defines the list of DAOs.
Room and Kotlin:
Let's see how can we implement a Room database using Kotlin as a programming language:
Add Room dependencies in module build.gradle:
1 2 compile "android.arch.persistence.room:runtime:1.0.0-alpha5" kapt "android.arch.persistence.room:compiler:1.0.0-alpha5" Add Google's Maven Repo in the project build.gradle:
1 2 3 4 5 6 allprojects { repositories { jcenter ( ) maven { url 'https://maven.google.com' } } } Create an Entity data class, for this, we need to annotate it with @Entity . By default, Room creates a column for each field that's defined in the entity. If an entity has fields that you don't want to persist, you can annotate them using @Ignore .
1 2 3 4 @Entity ( tableName = "user_table" ) data class User ( var created : Date = Date ( ) , var name : String = "" , @PrimaryKey var id : Int = 0 ) @PrimaryKey annotation. Also, we need to provide default values for all the fields. Create a DAO using an interface and the @Dao annotation :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 @Dao interface UserDao { @get : Query ( "SELECT * FROM user_table" ) val all : List <User> @Insert ( onConflict = OnConflictStrategy . REPLACE ) fun insert ( user : User ) @Delete fun delete ( user : User ) @Query ( "SELECT * FROM user_table" ) fun getLiveDataUsers ( ) : LiveData < List <User> > } When you create a DAO method and annotate it with @Insert , Room generates an implementation that inserts all parameters into the database in a single transaction. A method annotated with @Delete is a convenience method that deletes a set of entities, given as parameters, from the database. It uses the primary keys to find the entities to delete. @Query is the main annotation used in DAO classes. It allows you to perform read/write operations on a database. Each @Query method is verified at compile time, so if there is a problem with the query, a compilation error occurs instead of a runtime failure. Room also verifies the return value of the query such that if the name of the field in the returned object doesn't match the corresponding column names in the query response it wont compile. Please note that we can return a LiveData result, Room generates all necessary code to update the LiveData when the database is updated. Create a Database holder that extends RoomDatabase. The class needs to be annotated with @Database annotation.
1 2 3 4 5 @Database ( entities = arrayOf ( User :: class ) , version = 1 , exportSchema = false ) @TypeConverters ( Converters :: class ) abstract class AppDatabase : RoomDatabase ( ) { abstract fun UserDao ( ) : UserDao } One thing I didn't mention is that Room provides built-in support for primitives data types and their boxed alternatives. However, you sometimes use a custom data type whose value you would like to store in the database in a single column. To add this kind of support for custom types, you provide a TypeConverter, which converts a custom class to and from a known type that Room can persist. In our example, we need to convert the Date object. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 class Converters { @TypeConverter fun fromTimestamp ( value : Long ? ) : Date ? { return when ( value ) { null -> null else -> Date ( value ) } } @TypeConverter fun toTimestamp ( date : Date ? ) : Long ? { return when ( date ) { null -> null else -> date . time } } } Following the previous steps, we should be ready to start using the database. Remember that you must perform queries on a background thread, otherwise, your application will crash.Room Database instance is expensive, so we can create the AppDatabase object in the Application object and access it where need it or take the standard singleton approach. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 class TestApplication : Application ( ) { lateinit var mDataBase : AppDatabase override fun onCreate ( ) { super . onCreate ( ) mDataBase = Room . databaseBuilder ( this , AppDatabase :: class . java , "database-name" ) . build ( ) } } 1 2 3 4 fun getTestApplicationContext ( ) : AppDatabase { return ( activity . applicationContext asTestApplication ) . mDataBase } 1 2 3 doAsync { users = getTestApplicationContext ( ) . UserDaoObject ( ) . all } or if you want to retrieve LiveData: 1 2 3 getTestApplicationContext ( ) . UserDaoObject ( ) . getLiveDataUsers ( ) . observe ( this , Observer < List <User> > { users -> items = users } )
This was a very simple example but enough to cover the syntax differences between Java and Kotlin, for deeper information about Room, you can check this entry at Google's Library but the code it's all written in Java.
Conclusion:
As we just see, Room makes really easy the data persistence and solves the Android SQL core framework functions main problems. Also, with Room we can start forgetting about Object Relational Mapping libraries like Ormlite and even (with the LiveData combination) we can forget about Realm. What do you think about Room persistence library? You can leave your comment below. Thanks!
You can read the second part of the article here, Room Relationships
How can one be happy in college? By indulging in extracurriculars that you have passion for, such as orienteering? Wrong! It is by binge drinking, says one study by the American Sociological Association.
How can this be when we know that binge drinking is associated with myriad problems such as unplanned pregnancy and blackouts (Not to mention that it also costs America hundreds of billions of dollars)? Binge drinking can make you happy because it is associated with "higher status" students, who generally have a better time of it in college, i.e. the white, male heterosexual athletes or frat boys.
"Binge drinking is a symbolic proxy for high status in college," Colgate University associate professor Carolyn L. Hsu said in a press release, "It's what the most powerful, wealthy, and happy students on campus do. This may explain why it's such a desirable activity. When lower status students binge drink, they may be trying to tap into the benefits and the social satisfaction that those kids from high status groups enjoy. And, our findings seem to indicate that, to some extent, they succeed."
The study was conducted at an elite northeastern university using data from nearly 1,600 undergraduates
"High-status" students generally reported drinking far more than their low status peers, but they also reported being much happier with their college experience.
But all is not lost for those lower on the totem pole. According to the study's findings, when lower status students (i.e. women, LBGTQ, non-white and non-greek affiliated) caroused like the popular kids, they actually felt better about their college experience. Consequently, when "high-status" students did not binge drink they felt worse about their experience in college.
The Teen Titans have previously led three direct-to-video animated movies: Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo (which was a continuation of the original Teen Titans animated series) Justice League vs. Teen Titans and Teen Titans: The Judas Contract (the latter two being set in the DC Animated Movie Universe). Warner Bros releasing a Teen Titans Go! theatrical movie is reminiscent of how Lionsgate has My Little Pony: The Movie coming out next month, both movies being continuations of popular children's animated series. It also follows The LEGO Batman Movie as another animated DC movie that can be enjoyed by moviegoers of all ages. No plot details for the Teen Titans Go! movie have been revealed yet, but given that it will need to fill approximately 90 minutes, one can wisely assume it will be more plot-heavy than episodes of the TV show.
The saga surrounding WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's detention in the Ecuadorian embassy in London gets stranger by the day. Assange has been living in the embassy for over six years after taking refuge there to avoid a feared extradition to the U.S. on what he believes are “trumped up” charges.
Assange believes that the U.K. and Swedish governments are in collusion with the U.S. administration to ensure that he is extradited. As reported by the Inquisitr last week, Assange defied Swedish authorities by releasing papers that, he claims, show him totally innocent of the allegations made against him in a sexual assault case.
(Image by Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP)
Assange's statement came just a few days after the United Nations upheld their judgment, from February of 2016, that Assange was being unlawfully detained in the embassy. In his statement, Assange claimed that the UN found that he was being treated inhumanely.
“In February this year the United Nations found that Prosecutor Ny has caused Sweden and the UK to breach their international human rights obligations. The UN found that her actions are subjecting me to ‘cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment' and an unlawful deprivation of liberty which must immediately cease. “On 30 November the United Nations re-affirmed its decision in relation to my case.”
Those who have been following recent developments in Assange's case are aware that he has not been seen for some time. In October, Assange and WikiLeaks released copies of emails relating to Hillary Clinton and John Podesta. Assange claimed that there would be more releases in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election — then Assange went quiet. The Ecuadorian embassy was later forced to admit that they had cut off Assange's internet access to stop him interfering with the U.S. election.
Since that time, Assange has not made any of his frequent appearances on the balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy.
Is Julian Assange Alive Or Dead?
Since Assange disappeared from public view, rumors have been circulating suggesting that he has been assassinated or renditioned to the U.S. by the CIA. There have been some odd occurrences at the Ecuadorian embassy. Firstly, British police officers were withdrawn from their 24-hour presence outside the embassy. Shortly afterward, the Mirror reported that an intruder had been disturbed at the embassy in what they say may have been an attempt on Assange's life.
In October, WikiLeaks expressed concern that “heavily armed police” had surrounded the Ecuadorian embassy where Assange has been granted political asylum.
The same day, London City airport was closed and evacuated after a “chemical incident.” Rumors claim that these two events added up to Assange being illegally renditioned from London into U.S. custody, possibly at the Guantanamo Bay detention center.
(Image by Matt Dunham/AP)
After these events, Assange and WikiLeaks were inundated with requests demanding that Assange give “proof of life.” WikiLeaks responded by telling people to stop asking Assange to prove he was alive. Many people saw it as very odd when Assange did not make a balcony appearance either on the day the UN made its illegal detention finding or on the anniversary of his detention.
The release of a statement by Assange would seem to indicate that he is alive and well, but the statement was released on a Justice for Assange website rather than directly through WikiLeaks. The statement is still not available on the WikiLeaks website, where the last statement from Assange was published on November 8.
So, Where Is Julian Assange Now?
The only facts about Assange's current whereabouts are that he has been unable to leave the Ecuadorian embassy by legal means. The Observer reported that both Sweden and the U.K. have indicated that they will defy the UN court ruling on Assange's detention.
“Despite the ruling, the U.K. and Sweden continue to undermine the United Nation's system of human rights protection and the countries' commitment to the United Nations, in which it serves as members.”
It seems that the U.K. and Sweden are both determined to see Assange in custody. Neither Assange nor WikiLeaks will be heartened by developments over the past few days.
Over the weekend, a former member of the Icelandic government claimed that the FBI tried to frame Assange. Ogmundur Jonasson said that the FBI sent a “planeload” of agents to Iceland in August of 2011, under the pretense that they were there to prevent a cyber-attack on the Icelandic government.
Jonasson claims the FBI was seeking Iceland's “cooperation in what I understood as an operation set up to frame Julian Assange and WikiLeaks.” Jonasson said he immediately told the FBI agents to leave the country.
null
Claims have also emerged in recent days linking Assange to the Clinton email scandal and the DNC leak. It has been suggested that Assange was a Russian agent, in collaboration with Vladimir Putin, to ensure that Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election. Most people are aware that claims have emerged stating that the DNC leak was part of a Russian state-sponsored hacking attack.
On December 9, a New York Times report said that the CIA had “high confidence” covert Russian forces interfered with the 2016 presidential election with the ultimate aim of seeing Donald Trump in the White House. Those claims have been dismissed by WikiLeaks, Julian Assange's associates, and by President-elect Trump.
People are asking why Assange doesn't simply make an appearance on the balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy to prove that he is alive and well. This simple act would stop the rumors in an instant.
[Featured Image by Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP Images]
Today I woke up to a lovely morning — the birds were singing, a cat clambered up onto the bed demanding affection from my wife and me, it was reasonably cool and not terribly humid, and I had a phone notification buried in amongst the pile of work server notifications that I'd received a pingback on my blog from A Voice for Men.
I'm really moving up in the world, building a genuine rogues' gallery of people hellbent on making my life miserable. I must be a real threat to some people's blinkered worldviews now! My name is apparently splattered across the front page of their antifeminist conclave with the epithet “confessed rapist” attached. Two days ago it was r/MensRights, now it's the Alpha Males themselves beating their chests and beating on my reputation.
Why? Because I believe Shermer's accusers and believe that he's probably a lot looser with consent than he should be, possibly up to and including being willing to rape unconscious victims. And that I'm willing to believe this even despite my having personally experienced a fake rape charge at 16. Instead of becoming an angry man shouting down those uppity feminists for advocating for clear consent, I sided with the feminists, and therefore I am the enemy. Therefore I am a monster. And I must be STOPPED.
A “gentleman” by the name of Birric Forcella left a very long comment that I let to fester in moderation because I simply didn't have the time to address all the myriad ways he betrayed his own lack of reading comprehension. This apparently chafed him enough that he went to Paul Elam and asked him to post it on A Voice For Men. And so there it is, right now, my name splattered across their front page with a demonstrable lie predicated on their both misreading my post, and the strawfeminist trope that every accusation must be 100% without a doubt true.
This despite their own admission that fake rape charges are exceedingly rare compared to actual rape charges — the lowest number I've seen on their site, though, is one in ten, indicating that 90% of rape allegations are true. Most statistics pin this at about 6%, give or take, though a large number of the studies skewing this number upward are demonstrably flawed and there's good evidence the police attempt to cook the books by bullying the accuser until they recant.
So A Voice For Men and theoretically Birric both know that false rape charges are actually a smaller problem than real rape. Let's crunch some numbers to prove my point, then we'll get on with the actual meat of Birric's argument and determine exactly how unethical one must be to argue as a devil's advocate for the thing you must know is empirically wrong.
Let's be exceedingly generous and take some super-high estimates to present the MRAs' best cases with regard to rape. Imagine a stack of 5000 rape allegations on a rape investigator's desk.
5000 rape allegations
Of the 5000 allegations, let's say that 15% (a really, REALLY high estimate) are fake. So that's 750. Let's further assume these are 750 malicious fake rape claims, and they're not actually just claims that are dismissed by police as “no crime”, despite ample evidence that there's a lot of cooking of the books to keep rape numbers artificially low.
There's still 4250 real rapes in that pile. Rape is also the most underreported of crimes, with some statistics suggesting as high as 95% of them not being reported at all. So, let's go with a lowball estimate, more in line with common analysis: 50% of rapes get reported. Presumably, this wouldn't include those 750 fake rapes.
4250 rapes (unreported)
4250 rapes (reported)
750 fake rape allegations
Of the 5000 rape allegations on that desk, only 25% of those will lead to an arrest. Number is more like 24%, in fairness, but we're high-balling. And to be exceedingly generous to the MRAs' arguments, let's assume that 25% of each category is actually arrested, and that there's no skew that might mean that fake accusations leading to arrest are actually any rarer than this.
4250 rapes (unreported)
3187 rapes with rapists never arrested
567 innocents are ignored by police
—
1063 rapists arrested
—
187 innocents arrested
Of those arrested, about 75% end up being prosecuted. Let's assume that the ones without corroborating evidence, the false accusations, are equally disadvantaged here instead of the more likely to be dismissed.
4250 rapes (unreported)
3187 rapes with rapists never arrested
265 arrested rapists are not prosecuted
—
567 innocents are ignored by police
46 innocents arrested but not prosecuted
—
798 arrested rapists prosecuted
—
141 innocents prosecuted
The probability of being convicted after being prosecuted is actually at an all-time high. Assuming the innocents are not actually at an advantage here, assuming we're looking at sheer percentages only, and assuming the best case scenario conviction rate, 63% will be convicted. The reason I think this is being overly generous is because 95% of convictions are the result of a guilty plea, and presumably innocent folk won't plead guilty because they're not, unless their lawyers think their cases are so toxic they can't win and are hoping for leniency. Nonetheless, let's give this one a tilt to disadvantage the innocent equally.
4250 rapes (unreported)
3187 rapes with rapists never arrested
265 arrested rapists are not prosecuted
295 rapists not convicted
—
567 innocents are ignored by police
46 innocents arrested but not prosecuted
52 innocents not convicted
—
503 rapists convicted
—
89 innocents convicted
After this, rape convictions result in a wide range of sentences, from 30 days to 30 years, depending on where you are and whether or not the rapes were violent or repeated. And even really blatant cases, where the perpetrator pled guilty to what amounts to serial rape of a minor, he still got a slap on the wrist of 30 days.
However, 21% of rape convictions result in probation. Again, let's assume this is a raw percentage, and not skewed to the innocents' benefit, despite the fact that one would assume judges would give lighter sentences to the more ambiguous cases.
4250 rapes (unreported)
3187 rapes with rapists never arrested
265 arrested rapists are not prosecuted
295 rapists not convicted
105 convicted rapists receive probation
—
567 innocents are ignored by police
46 innocents arrested but not prosecuted
52 innocents not convicted
18 convicted innocents get probation
—
398 rapists put in jail or prison
—
71 innocents put in jail or prison
Even with every single tilt on the playing field set up to artificially benefit the MRA's arguments, only 10% of maliciously false accusations would land an innocent man in jail. Meanwhile, of 8500 actual rapes, 398 rapists end up in jail.
That's 4.6%, assuming each allegation is not a repeat offender (which is, actually, a hell of an assumption). MAYBE those 398 rapists who end up in jail account for a significant proportion of the rapes that didn't ultimately see justice — it's well possible, given the giant backlog of totally untested rape kits. 95.4% of rapes do not see justice directly, even if the rapists ultimately do get put in jail after a later rape. The vast majority of rapes go completely unpunished for a variety of reasons. And those numbers are assuming a lot of things that benefit MRAs' arguments that false allegations are the real problem.
False allegations (of the malicious sort) ARE a real problem, and I've said so from the beginning. I know from firsthand experience how they damage you if you're actually innocent, but I also recognize these false rape claims damage others at the same time. They have two exceedingly nasty effects on society: first, they ruin individual accused folks' lives, and second, they make it all the harder to see any measure of justice done with regard to actual rape. MRAs care about the first effect, but they demonstrably do not care about the second, no matter how much more pronounced it might be. The fact that I didn't universalize the case of my malicious false rape allegation and thereafter assume all bitches be lyin' about every rape allegation, means I'm an enemy of freethought.
How dare I think differently than them? I must be an evil, terrible man who should be silenced at any cost, even at the cost of exacerbating a fake rape case from almost twenty years ago, when I was 16 years old! Even if intentionally making my extraordinary case worse for me actually undercuts their own arguments about false rape allegations, about how prevalent they are and how life-wrecking they are. Even if it amounts to them punishing me, picking at my scars, trying to cause the sorts of trauma they claim to want to protect men from experiencing.
So, now that we know the scope of the ACTUAL problem here, we know that AVfM and Birric are willing to contribute to one of the two problems of malicious false allegations of rape. They were willing to tar me with “confessed rapist” when my story is nothing of the sort, because they believe that when feminists look at the numbers and see 95% of rapes going unpunished and say “that's a problem”, that we're actually saying “every accusation of rape is true on the word of the victim alone, and anyone accused of rape should be put in jail”. And so they splatter a whole lot of false rape charges across their front page, including ones against Avicenna, despite the accusers admitting it was a stunt designed to damage rape victims' ability to come forward.
What's really funny about their effort is just how much they have to intentionally get wrong about the story they're using as a club the process. It's a serious display of mental gymnastics that I'm guessing is motivated by a need to seem smarter than their proven inability to do math.
I'll get to their misread of my story in part 2.
Like this: Like Loading...
We've seen the effects of Donald Trump's presidential candidacy seep into almost every corner of American life: elementary school classrooms, parent-child relationships, Facebook feeds. And, it turns out, the audiences at comedy shows.
I often find myself in rooms filled with people that have never seen someone like me — in their everyday lives, much less telling jokes at a comedy club. As a gay Korean comedian I have to spend a little extra time with my audience, making sure they get to know me, and feel comfortable enough with me to sit, listen, and laugh. Mick Napier, of The Annoyance Theater, calls this protecting the audience — we are providing a context for them to watch us. Specifically when I perform stand up, the work is introducing who I am, so we can move on, and joke about inherent commonalities that make us all human: failure, family, and of course, butt stuff.
In the summer of 2012, I moved from San Francisco to Chicago, and one of the first rooms I played was a traditionally black comedy club on the South Side called “Jokes and Notes.” Performing at black comedy venues is a unique challenge for someone who's used to performing in predominantly white clubs because their audience will audibly let you know whether they like you or hate you. At a white club, when you bomb, you sit in the weight of awkward silence. I sought out Jokes and Notes for this exact reason: Heckling is built into the work, and any comedian worth their free beer will tell you that if you can work black rooms, you can work anywhere.
I took the stage, and at first, some men in the audience squeamishly flinched at the mention of butt stuff. One gentleman, on a date, was horrified, and yelled out in protest. I responded, “Bitch, like you could handle this! Stick to yo girl, boo boo.” They exploded. Men and women stood on their feet and stomped in jubilation. I had handed him his ass, and they were eating my ass up; then fervently begging for seconds.
On more than one occasion, straight men have come up to me after shows and said “you make me uncomfortable, but you're funny as hell!” Then, as they go in for a high-five, I go in for a deep hug. We both blush, and share a brief moment of vulnerability.
As a loud, queer Asian man, I am obsessed with comedy for this reason. It's a powerful weapon that you can wield to instantly dissolve sociocultural barriers. Making someone laugh allows you to share common ground with a complete stranger, the antithesis of xenophobia. It's a universal language much like other things I obsess over: food, music, or math (insert lazy Asian joke here).
I've been obsessed with comedy for the better part of a decade, and during that time I've become really good at shutting down hecklers with nimble, pointed retorts served with saccharine charm. This is the Peter KimTM brand. What hecklers are looking for is attention and validation. Hecklers are never alone. They are with people who they desperately want to show off in front of, like a potential mate or a group of friends to whom they feel inferior. Simply put, hecklers are tightly wound balls of insecurity.
How heckling changed after Donald Trump's rise
But in the fall of 2015, I started noticing something quite different in audiences. I was working for The Second City, the iconic comedy theater whose illustrious alumni include Bill Murray, Tina Fey, and Keegan Michael-Key. For a comedian in Chicago, it was absolutely a dream job. Because of its legendary status in our culture, the building drew wide audiences from all around the country, mostly liberal white people. But there seemed to be an increasing segment of the audience that started booing when we made jokes about Trump. It was hard to tell if the demographic of our audience was changing, or if quiet conservatives were becoming inflamed.
As the year went on, I noticed a swell of discomfort and anger, especially directed toward women, gays, and people of color. When asked for improv suggestions, the simpletons in the audience went from yelling “Dildo! Gynecologist! Proctologist!” to “Whores! Harambe! Ferguson!”
Incidentally, Donald Trump, a man running for president of the United States, had publicly called Mexicans rapists, shamed Megyn Kelly's period, called Carly Fiorina ugly, said Syrian refugees are terrorists, accused Muslims of cheering 9/11, incited violence against his protesters, and promised to forcefully remove immigrants from our nation — all before or during November 2015.
The vitriol in the audience intensified as the months passed; in the form of a man dragging his wife out of the theater while yelling “fucking liberals can go to hell!” a man calling me a faggot while I was exiting the stage, a man yelling “don't clap for him” while I was in full drag, and a man yelling shit about me being Asian.
And then there was the incident that made me decide to quit Second City, and to take a step back from performing altogether. A man screamed that he was “sitting too close to a Mexican.”
Something that was happening to our nation was being reflected in our audiences. The idiots were transforming into pointed, angry mobs. This was way beyond heckling at a comedy club. It was hate speech, sanctioned by the biggest, most tremendous idiot of them all.
Donald Trump is not a joke
I remember last fall, when Donald Trump was starting to rally hard, a lot of people around me were convinced he was a joke. Even some of the most liberal white comedians I knew were doggedly supporting Bernie Sanders, while completely ignoring the steady rise of an obvious fascist movement, flippantly discounting him as a fool who would never make it to the Republican primaries. They were more concerned with idyllic socialist issues and campaign reform than the very real threat of the rise of white supremacy.
Then came the summer, and the same people who thought Trump was a joke in the fall were shouting “Bernie or Bust!” and “Protest Vote!” phrases that proved blindness to their own privilege. Because how can someone possibly choose to abstain from voting after witnessing Trump propose a Muslim ban, refuse to condemn the KKK, make fun of a disabled person at a rally, and disparage the parents of a Muslim soldier? You can't, unless his threat doesn't seem immediately real to you, like global warming. (Nice try, China).
Last year, Saturday Night Live, even after huge protests, invited Donald Trump to host and joke around in front of more than 10 million viewers. There is no way Lorne Michaels would invite Trump to host SNL unless he didn't believe in the implicit danger of Trump's hate speech.
Article after article came out against Trump's platform of racism and misogyny and white liberals around me would clutch their pearls and gasp, “I can't believe he said that!” He started gaining in polls and packing his rallies with American humans who truly believe that America should be white, and liberals were like, “I can't believe there are people like that in 2016!”
Time doesn't change people; people change themselves
Since leaving The Second City, trolls have come out of their hollow to express their disgust with my decision. Some choice responses include:
“Second City gook quits o'er offensive audiences”
“You are the pussification of America”
“Faggot who makes a living offending people quits due to Trump supporters offensive behavior”
You might be sitting there thinking, “I can't believe people actually said that!” Well, they did. And guess who's not shocked?
As a working comedian, I've had the chance to tour all around this country, and I realized that most white people in America feel like I am infringing upon their land and their traditions. They feel an ownership of this country and constantly ask me where I'm from. When I say New York, they laugh and say “you know what I mean … where are you from, from?” As if a human that looks like me cannot possibly claim this country as my own. It feels like a bunch of savages shouting, “You not look like me! Explain!”
Well-read, city-dwelling liberals continue to ignore the fact that these people still exist. How often do you hear a liberal exclaim, “but it's 2016!” As if because we moved forward in time, we have automatically progressed. But time doesn't change people; people change themselves. If you are a white liberal and have never sat down with your POC friends and discussed their daily oppression, there is no way you would understand the gravity of the rise of Trump. You have to actively practice diversity and empathy to experience progress, or you're just screaming into the HuffPo echochamber behind the comfort of your MacBook Pro.
Lazy, intellectual “wokeness” is part of what led us to Trump, and it's not funny — it is scary as hell. The time is now to do the hard work that we pretended was done. We must actively diversify our daily lives and choose curiosity over judgement; we need to make a concerted effort to humanize strangers by treating them how we would like to be treated. Let us start by making a friend and tasting their food, dancing to their music, or even laughing at their comedy. After all, there are so many basic things we can all relate to, like playing with our butts.
Peter Kim is a Chicago-based writer, performer, comedian, and designated gay trickster. His credits include Zanies, The Laugh Factory, The Second City National Touring Company, and The Second City e.t.c. — where he was nominated for a Jeff Award in the critically acclaimed revue A Red Line Runs Through It.
First Person is Vox's home for compelling, provocative narrative essays. Do you have a story to share? Read our submission guidelines, and pitch us at firstperson@vox.com.
In the vibrant city of La Paz, a stroll through the colonial area of Calle Jean will reveal beautiful and impressive architecture and old buildings, and it is completely free! Motorised vehicles are not along the street; it is for pedestrians only, so is a hassle free place to enjoy the views all around. The quaint narrow cobbled street contains a number of delightful lanterns as well as the stunning buildings. Some of the buildings are now home to interesting Bolivia museums, although some of these museums do charge an entrance fee. Take a peek though, as the vast majority of museums and art galleries are indeed free to go inside – the chances are that you will find some great free museums along Calle Jean. This also applies to the rest of the country, so you can get your fill of culture, history, and local education at one of the country's various museums and art galleries.
Also in La Paz there are some great markets that cost absolutely nothing to peruse and window shop. There are many great products for sale, including fresh produce, handicrafts, clothes, household items, souvenirs, and more. If you did want to pick up a few trinkets or mementoes, these markets are ideal. Even if you have no intentions, however, of purchasing anything, the markets still provide a few hours' worth of entertainment, looking at the variety of products and watching the buyers and sellers doing their business. They are busy, lively, and heaps of fun! Some of the best include the frenetic El Alto market. The area is home to one of the largest concentrations of native and indigenous people in the whole of the South American continent, meaning that you can have a great cultural experience here as well as being able to enjoy the market. Many of the indigenous vendors wear the national and traditional costume whilst working. The unique, interesting, and mysteriousWitches Markets also allows you to gain greater insight into the Aymara group.
Around Bolivia, there are numerous splendid and fine churches. Almost all of these offer free entrance. You can still enjoy those that charge a fee from the outside for no cost. Many have nice peaceful gardens where you can take a breather in serene and lovely surroundings.
Bolivia is a prime spot for hiking and trekking. Whilst you will need to arrange, and pay for, transportation and accommodation, trekking is a free activity – unless, of course, you hire a guide or enter a national park where a fee is payable. A lot of Bolivia's stunning landscapes, however, can be enjoyed for no cost.
Sucre is absolutely crammed with excellent examples of fine colonial architecture. You can take a Wonder through the various streets, simply looking around, admiring what you see, and soaking up some culture. And all for free! There is also a nice park near to the heart of town, which is ideal for a short rest, before continuing with your city explorations. The city is also home to an abundance of great museums, many of which are free, and some very charming churches.
Admire the iconic and looming statue of Jesus Christ who looks over Cochabamba. There are various points across the city where you can get great clear views of Jesus.
Bolivia has many rivers and waterways, and a walk alongside This provides a very calming experience. You may spot some different wildlife along your way, or see local boats bobbing about on the waters. Any local people you meet on your walk are sure to be friendly and curious.
You need not break the bank when visiting Bolivia – check out the local press on arrival to find more free options for your adventures.
Overview:
The Golden State Warriors' season came to a disappointing end, complete with a first-round playoff exit and the firing of head coach Mark Jackson. But this 51-win team still had a good year, so it's time to take a look back on the 2013-14 season and evaluate how everyone performed. We've already taken a look at backup point guard Steve Blake, defensive anchor Andrew Bogut, Harrison Barnes‘ disappointing sophomore campaign, and Jordan Crawford's disappointing production off the bench. Today, it's Marreese Speights' turn.
Speights is a tricky case to analyze because he was so frustratingly inconsistent. Part of that had to do with Jackson's sporadic shuffling between giving his bench minutes and riding his starters, which explains why Speights normally contributed when he was given enough time with the second unit. Backing up Zach Randolph with the Memphis Grizzlies, Speights proved himself to be a productive reserve, but it didn't quite translate in his first season with the Warriors, especially since he had Carl Landry's shoes to fill. Here's a look back on his 2013-14 season.
Next week in Hong Kong (6-7 December) some of the biggest players involved in Bitcoin will try to reach agreement on how to shape the cryptocurrency to successfully meet mainstream adoption in the future.
A major point of contention is the size of the blocks in which bitcoin transactions are batched, on average every 10 minutes by the network. This is currently limited to 1MB. Put in the simplest terms, increasing blocksize is a necessary part of the scaling up of Bitcoin to become comparable to the sort of transaction capabilities of other payment systems.
The second Scaling Bitcoin workshop hopes to move the debate closer to consensus on how best to increase Bitcoin's capacity, in particular because most of the Chinese bitcoin mining industry will be represented at the event - a factor missing from the first meet-up which happened earlier this year in Montreal.
Now that Bitcoin is turning seven it needs new tools to help it get to the whole world, and that's what the Scaling Bitcoin conference is about. - Bobby Lee
IBTimes UK spoke to brothers Bobby and Charlie Lee, an apt pair of ambassadors for the event, and for Bitcoin in general.
Bobby Lee is CEO of BTCC, which could be described as a bitcoin conglomerate in that it combines one of the longest running exchanges with a bitcoin mining operation that accounts for some 14% of total hash power, as well as wallets and payments. Most recently it introduced vertical integration between these services.
Charlie Lee is the inventor of Litecoin, a highly successful cryptocurrency sometimes described as the silver to Bitcoin's gold. Charlie is also chief engineer at Coinbase, the bitcoin exchange, wallet and payment API giant based in San Francisco.
Bitcoin blocksize debate
Altering the mechanics of Bitcoin involves so many variables, nuances and complete unknowns, that even the brothers don't entirely agree on the potential effects. Bobby is in favour of Bitcoin Improvement Proposal 100 (BIP100), which advocates a moderate increase in blocksize over time, and allows the miners which create the blocks to vote to increase them on a rolling basis.
Charlie thinks BIP100 is better than BIP101, but thinks it still has some issues. BIP101 pushed a more aggressive increase in blocksize, raising the limit to 8MB, increasing by 40% every two years in tandem with future growth of CPU power, storage and bandwidth. BIP101 was not popular with China's bitcoin miners because of the county's limited bandwidth.
Even Bobby and I don't totally agree on this, right. It's hard to find consensus on this and that's why this issue has been going on for so long. Charlie Lee
Bobby Lee said: "My company BTCC actually came out publicly to support BIP100. The difference in the two proposals is very technical in nature. It has to do with how often the blocksize gets increased and whether human intervention is involved or whether it goes up automatically.
"I'm not too worried about which one eventually gets implemented. I have a firm belief our community will come together and implement the right solution that will us to grow and for Bitcoin to be more popular."
Charlie Lee added: "Some people do think that we need to play a lot more conservative. So increasing blocksize could potentially lead to a path of more centralisation and a lot of problems that could hurt the Bitcoin network. So it's better if you play it safe. So I am kind of in that camp. I think that if you increase the blocksize too much, too quickly, it could potentially destroy Bitcoin, with it becoming too centralised or the security suffering.
"So it's a contentious question. What's the right answer? Hopefully at this conference people are coming with proposals, having run some numbers to back up claims about proposals. I'm looking forward to seeing what people have come up with."
While both brothers are conservative about blocksize increase, they come at it from slightly different angles. Charlie is more concerned about larger blocksize decreasing security, while Bobby is concerned about blocksize bloat causing individuals to no longer be able to run Bitcoin nodes, which would also decentralise a crucial part of the network.
"Even Bobby and I don't totally agree on this, right. It's hard to find consensus on this and that's why this issue has been going on for so long," said Charlie.
People ask, if miners get together aren't they essentially centralising Bitcoin? My opinion is that's actually a false worry. - Bobby Lee
Bobby added: "I would say it's a glass half empty/half full. We are not in disagreement. I think it's very nuanced, very technical in nature - there's not any significant disagreement. It's like, do you think the internet should grow faster or do you think it should grow bigger? I think these nuances are very little in the great scheme of things.
"Don't see this conference as a contentious war or anything. I think the conference is a milestone in the development of Bitcoin. Now that Bitcoin is turning seven it needs new clothing, it needs new tools to help it get to the whole world, and that's what the Scaling Bitcoin conference is about: extending some of the performance and also removing some of the inherent bottlenecks in the current version as it goes into adolescence and adulthood.
"It equates to the early days of the internet when all the countries got together and said, now that we are going to extend the internet to every country, how do we go about the assignment of domain names, IP addresses and so on?"
Lightening Network
In addition to the immediate fate of blocksize, other important issues to be talked over include payment layers on the Bitcoin network; a way to relieve the main chain of smaller transactions – the example often given is payment for a cup of coffee.
Charlie said: "I think something like the Lightening Network could play a big role in the future. It will take more technical development to fully flesh out the concept and implement it. For the layperson, basically it's a network that's on top of Bitcoin that allows for instantaneous transactions and allows for more transactions than the bitcoin network can provide.
"If you compared the internet to the Bitcoin network, the Lightening Network would be maybe like a local Wi-Fi network. You can have computers on the Wi-Fi network and it doesn't matter that your internet bandwidth might be really like a modem speed, you can still communicate with each other on the Wi-Fi network really quickly.
"It's kind of like that. It's not fully analogous. But it's something built on top of the Bitcoin network so you can communicate between yourselves really quickly. Today, at this stage the Wi-Fi network has not been fully developed yet, so people are saying let's just make the internet bigger and faster. But there are downsides to that, so some people are pushing for the Wi-Fi network that can handle more transactions and more instant transactions and leave the internet, or the bitcoin network, as it is."
BlockPriority
BTCC recently announced vertical integration between its vast mining operation and other services to prioritise its customers' transactions. BTCC said BlockPriority will save its customers having to wait for their transactions to be processed. As such, BlockPriority is also a means of "mitigating potential impact to BTCC customers from the lack of progress on blocksize increases".
Bobby said of the new service: "Essentially it's the next level of blockchain services, in the sense that we have an asset which is a mining pool, and by having a mining pool we are able to confirm many of the blocks in each day. Each day there's roughly 144 block confirmations per day and with the BlockPriority service we are able to offer customers an advantage in confirming their transactions for a lower fee or for no fee.
"This is one of the value-added services we offer our customers. I mean it is what it is. I don't think anyone complained about it. If anything this is very innovative, people are applauding us for this innovation."
Centralisation
On the topic of creeping centralisation of mining pools possibly weakening the integrity of Bitcoin, Bobby said: "People ask, if miners get together aren't they essentially centralising Bitcoin? My opinion is that's actually a false worry.
"Even if there are, let's say, three or four cartels of large miners such that they control a large portion of the hashing power of the Bitcoin network - that is actually not centralisation. True centralisation is basically the 'old boys club', where no one else can go in and participate.
"For example, the production of oil - that is centralised in the sense that Opec, Saudi Arabia and those countries produce the majority of the oil and they control the prices. Whereas with Bitcoin, even if there is, let's say, an Opec - a large portion of a group of miners that have a large hash rate - the reality is that anyone is free to invest money to develop chips and computers to create the hashing power to join the mining race.
"In that sense it's never beyond anyone to do it, because Bitcoin is open in that sense. In other words you do not need a licence or pre-approval from any authority or existing incumbent to participate in Bitcoin mining. Anyone can come in at any time. The more horse-power, the more capital you bring, naturally the larger the reward and percentage of the hashing power you have.
"Say you approach 49% and people fear a 51% attack. At that point anyone else who is concerned can add more horse power and more computing power to increase that mining share, reducing your 49% back down to a lower level."
BIP100, which finds favour from the mining community, was proposed by core bitcoin developer and CEO of Bloq Jeff Garzik. He told IBTimes UK: "On BIP100, it seems to fall on familiar lines. Miners in particular like BIP100, which is unsurprising. BIP100 can be summarized as 'miner voting with training wheels, one vote every 10 minutes for three months'. Miners vote where they would prefer the blocksize to be.
"Some of the objections are largely that BIP100 puts too much control in the hands of miners. That's understandable, but misguided: one, because miners are paid in bitcoin, which aligns them with users' interests; and, two, there are 1MB and 32MB min and max limits remaining. Users must vote – hard fork – to go beyond 32MB."
Pin 18 Shares
It's been twenty-five years since Terminator 2: Judgement Day descended on US audiences. James Cameron pulled an alien and again managed to create a sequel that surpassed the original by switching the plot around on its head.
In The Terminator Sarah Connor, played by Linda Hamilton, was hunted down by a killer cyborg, played of course by Arnold Schwarzengger. The second time around the villain became the hero and Arnie was in charge of Sarah's young son John Connor and had to prevent him being murdered by Robert Patrick‘s liquid-metal T-1000.
It's a movie whose legacy continues, and we don't mean those terrible follow-ups. The film was a landmark in special effects, story-telling, summer blockbusters and sequels. To celebrate a quarter of a century with time-travelling terminators turned saviour, here's a list of facts that you might not know:
1. In order to toughen her up in preparation for her return as Sarah Connor, actress Linda Hamilton undertook some extreme training. She trained with a former Israeli commando and a personal trainer for three hours a day, six days a week for 13 weeks in the run up to filming. She trained with weights, and learned judo and heavy military training techniques.
2. The date of the fictional Judgment Day – 29th August 1997 – is the anniversary of the Soviet Union's first detonation of an atomic bomb in 1949.
3. Originally the film was meant to start in the future with John Connor sending Kyle Reese back through time. It was scrapped due to budget constraints, but appears in the novelisation written by Randall Frakes. The sequence was brought back (and butchered) in Terminator Genisys.
4. It took just four days for Terminator 2: Judgement Day to surpass the entire gross of The Terminator.
5. Billy Idol was James Cameron's first choice for the T-1000, however a nasty motorcycle accident prevented the singer from taking the role on. Cameron settled on Robert Patrick after seeing him in Die Hard 2.
Apple has shared previews for a new set of emoji coming later this month. The update will include gender neutral characters spanning age ranges from children to elders. All three gender neutral emojis will be available in multiple skin tones.
ADVERTISEMENT
Other new additions to the emoji world include a male fairy, "I love you" in American Sign Language, and an orange heart (meaning you can now create a full rainbow of hearts). There are also new food, clothing, and animal options.
The new emojis will be available from Monday, October 9, as a part of the second public beta of iOS 11.1. They join an earlier set announced in July, which include Woman with Headscarf, Bearded Person and Breastfeeding. See more previews of the upcoming emoji set below.
The majestic old-growth forests of western North America, greening patches of the landscape from Arizona to British Columbia, may be far more vulnerable to subtle climate change than scientists previously believed. A study published today in the journal Science reveals that these western forests are dying at faster rates as regional average temperatures climb more rapidly than the global average.
"Tree death rates have more than doubled," says study co-author Phillip van Mantgem, a research ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS).
He and his team analyzed data (collected from 1955 to 2007) on about 58,000 trees, including firs, pines, hemlocks and others, in 76 old-growth forest plots covering six western states and a Canadian province: Arizona, Colorado, California, Idaho, Washington, Oregon and British Columbia. Their findings: 11,000 trees had perished during the observation period, even though no logging, development or other major activities occurred in the study zones.
The researchers pinpointed the rise in regional temperatures as the likely culprit in their demise after ruling out other possible suspects, such as air pollution and forest management practices.
They note that the average regional temperature, though a mere one degree Fahrenheit (0.6 degree Celsius) warmer, translated into less snow, longer dry seasons, and increased soil evaporation, which stress out trees, making them more vulnerable to destructive insects and disease. Meanwhile, bugs and pathogens, which thrive in hotter temperatures, grow stronger, making them an even bigger threat to the fading forests, according to Kenneth Raffa, a professor of forest entomology at the University of Wisconsin in Madison.
"You sort of have a double whammy there," says David Breshears, a professor of natural resources at the University of Arizona's Institute for Environment and Society in Tucson.
Exacerbating the problem: not enough new trees are sprouting to replace the dead and dying old ones.
"It's like a human population," says study co-author Nathan Stephenson, a USGS research ecologist. It shrinks, he says, when the mortality rate outpaces the birth rate. "If you saw that going on in your hometown," he adds, "you'd become concerned."
This pattern could eventually lead to sparser forests in which trees are younger and about half the size of what they are now.
Today's towering old-growth forests help to mitigate climate change by absorbing carbon dioxide (a greenhouse gas that speeds global warming). But if the trends observed in this study continue, van Mantgem says, these key carbon-sinks could actually become a net source of carbon in the atmosphere, a phenomenon that has already been observed in tropical climates.
"If anything, it's a warning bell," van Mantgem says about the study's findings. "A lot of people like to think of these majestic old-growth forests as unchanging, but this showed us that they do in fact respond rather quickly to the environment."
Terry Moran at ABC News interviewed President Obama today (airs tonight). Here are some excerpts: (hat tip Paul Kedrosky)
TERRY MORAN: There are a lot of economists who look at these banks and they say all that garbage that's in them renders them essentially insolvent. Why not just nationalize the banks?
PRESIDENT OBAMA: Well, you know, it's interesting. There are two countries who have gone through some big financial crises over the last decade or two. One was Japan, which never really acknowledged the scale and magnitude of the problems in their banking system and that resulted in what's called "The Lost Decade." They kept on trying to paper over the problems. The markets sort of stayed up because the Japanese government kept on pumping money in. But, eventually, nothing happened and they didn't see any growth whatsoever.
Sweden, on the other hand, had a problem like this. They took over the banks, nationalized them, got rid of the bad assets, resold the banks and, a couple years later, they were going again. So you'd think looking at it, Sweden looks like a good model. Here's the problem; Sweden had like five banks. [LAUGHS] We've got thousands of banks. You know, the scale of the U.S. economy and the capital markets are so vast and the problems in terms of managing and overseeing anything of that scale, I think, would -- our assessment was that it wouldn't make sense. And we also have different traditions in this country.
Obviously, Sweden has a different set of cultures in terms of how the government relates to markets and America's different. And we want to retain a strong sense of that private capital fulfilling the core -- core investment needs of this country.
And so, what we've tried to do is to apply some of the tough love that's going to be necessary, but do it in a way that's also recognizing we've got big private capital markets and ultimately that's going to be the key to getting credit flowing again.
[S]aying that Sweden had five banks and the U.S. has thousands, so nationalization can't happen here, is misleading. It ignores the relative GDPs of the two countries. ...[and] the problem is chiefly in the six largest U.S. banks ...
[W]hy is the US government temporizing and avoiding doing the right thing, i.e. take over the insolvent banks? There are two reasons. First, there is still some small hope and a small probability that the economy will recover sooner than expected, that expected credit losses will be smaller than expected and that the current approach of recapping the banks and somehow working out the bad assets will work in due time. Second, taking over the banks – call is nationalization or, in a more politically correct way, “receivership” – is a radical action that requires most banks be clearly beyond pale and insolvent to be undertaken. Today Citi and Bank of America clearly look like near-insolvent and ready to be taken over but JPMorgan and Wells Fargo do not yet. But with the sharp rise in delinquencies and charge-off rates that we are experiencing now on mortgages, commercial real estate and consumer credit in a matter of six to twelve months even JPMorgan and Wells will likely look as near-insolvent (as suggested by Chris Whalen, one of the leading independent analysts of the banking system).
Thus, if the government were to take over only Citi and Bank of America today (and wipe out common and preferred shareholders and also force unsecured creditors to take a haircut) a panic may ensue ... Instead if, as likely, the current fudging strategy - of temporizing and hoping that things will improve for the economy and the banks - does not work and in 6-12 months most banks (the major four and the good part of the remaining regional banks) all look like clearly insolvent you can then take them all over, wipe out common shareholders and preferred shareholders and even force unsecured creditors to accept losses ( in the form of a conversion of debt into equity and/or haircut on the face value of their bond claims) as the losses will be so large that not treating such unsecured creditors would be fiscally too expensive.
So, the current strategy – Plan A - may not work and the Plan B (or better Plan N for nationalization) may end up the way to go later this year. Wasting another 6-12 months to do the right thing may be a mistake but the political constraints facing the new administration – and the remaining small probability that the current strategy may by some miracle or luck work – suggest that Plan A should be first exhausted before there is a move to Plan N. Wasting another 6-12 months may risk turning a U-shaped recession into an L-shaped near depression but currently Plan N is not yet politically feasible.
Kedrosky comments On the issue of "cultural differences" between the U.S. and Sweden, I've joked that we should call taking over the banks " preprivatization " to avoid the stigma of "nationalization".But stop and think about what Obama is saying. We know the correct answer, but we are afraid to do it - because of our "culture" - so we are going to follow the Japanese plan.We should definitely stress test the banks. My suggestion : announce when this will be complete (within 30 days), make the results public, and preprivatize the insolvent ones.Update: Roubini: It Is Time to Nationalize Insolvent Banking Systems . Excerpt:
Two northern NSW resident action groups campaigning against NBN towers have sent blood sample results to NBN Co and its contractors in a bid to scare them off their rollout plans.
The groups - the Friends of Condong Ridge, which opposes a tower at Clothiers Creek, and the OREAD Project in Kyogle shire - say they have taken a leaf from the book of anti-cell tower campaigners in Wales.
Under the strategy, residents take a blood test before a cell tower is erected and send the results with a legal liability letter to the telco, its contractors and the landowner hosting the tower.
The letter states that further pathology tests will be undertaken once the tower is in place, and threatens litigation if any trend is uncovered between the 'before' and 'after' tests.
Both NSW groups say a dozen residents in each area have taken the blood tests.
Friends of Condong Range spokesperson Josh Bloom told iTnews the group had sent its blood tests and liability letter to NBN Co, Visionstream and the landowner's lawyer three weeks ago.
"We had the lawyer write a liability notice basically stating that the blood tests will be redone after the tower is installed and if there's any trend change across the group, then liability will rest with you," Bloom said.
"It would have to be a trend because if it was only one person, it could be argued that any number of factors can cause someone's blood to change.
"But if we find a trend across a dozen people or more that's out of the ordinary and we can prove that, then we can attribute that to the common thing, being the tower."
Bloom's group has been fighting a proposed tower installation since August 2014.
OREAD Project founder Ammun Luca told iTnews his group was fighting NBN towers in the Tweed Caldera area.
He said they had submitted a dozen blood tests to NBN Co and fixed wireless builder Ericsson.
"As far as we know there's no one else in Australia that's done this besides our two groups," Luca said.
An NBN Co spokesperson did not comment specifically on whether or not it had taken receipt of the blood test results, but told iTnews that the company's network "is designed and operated safely and responsibly."
"NBN Fixed Wireless equipment is designed to fall well within the Australian Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety Agency (ARPANSA) limits as recommended by the World Health Organisation," the spokesperson said.
Blood tests represent a dramatic escalation in the avenues of opposition at the disposal of residents groups, who have typically used grassroots political action and pressure on councils to stop or shift the location of tower projects.
Despite appearances, Bloom said his group was not against the rollout of fast internet.
"We're pro fast internet but we don't believe fixed wireless is a good technology," he said.
Bloom noted that when the fixed wireless contracts were awarded in 2011, fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) was not a rollout option as per the previous Labor Government's majority fibre-to-the-premise approach.
However, Clothiers Creek has existing copper connections, and Bloom said he wanted to test their feasibility to carry internet services that could be much faster than fixed wireless.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was horrifically injured when things went disastrously wrong on a fishing trip.
In this gruesome footage, the angler can be seen with the dart from a spear gun impaled through the neck.
The man, thought to be Russian Angler Baatr Dalantaev, was rushed to hospital with the spike protruding from the flesh between his shoulder and his jaw.
In the film, Mr Dalantaev is still in his wetsuit as he is examined by a doctor.
He doesn't appear to disturbed by his terrible wound - but could be in some form of shock.
It is not clear if he will suffer any permanent damage from the nasty accident.
The graphic video emerged on social media where it has shocked viewers.
It was shared on a fishing Facebook page with the title ‘Choose your spearing buddies wisely… hope all is well with this spear'.
The video has emerged after a spearfisher was forced to kill a shark as the predator suddenly swam straight towards him.
Video footage of two Australian men swimming off the coast of Queensland shows the moment he shot the shark with his spear.
Looking down into the water, they see a school of bronze whaler sharks circling below, and decide to swim back to their boat.
But before they can get out of the water, the man filming the swim looks back down into the water - and sees one of the sharks heading straight towards him.
Spearfisher forced to kill a shark after he comes under ATTACK
Story highlights Rep. Al Green cites 'obstruction of justice' in calling for President Donald Trump impeachment
Top Democratic leaders have urged members to not raise the specter of impeachment
(CNN) The day before former FBI Director James Comey testifies before Congress about his interactions with President Donald Trump regarding his probe of Russia's interference in the 2016 campaign, a House Democrat plans to draft articles of impeachment.
Texas Rep. Al Green, who was the first House Democrat to call for the President's impeachment on the House floor last month, plans to move forward with the next legislative step at a Wednesday news conference on Capitol Hill.
"This is obstruction of justice," Green said in a statement Tuesday evening. "This will continue to be obstruction of justice regardless of testimony given by Mr. James Comey. This will remain obstruction of justice regardless of the findings of any investigation."
Top Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill have specifically urged members to not raise the specter of impeachment, arguing that they need to allow investigations already underway to uncover more details about the president and his team's actions.
Read More
Man Critically Injured In Shooting In Popular Coffee Shop
A man was critically injured in a shooting at a Charles North coffee shop and bookstore..
Red Emma's is located in the unit block of West North Avenue. Police spokesman Lt. Jarron Jackson said the shooting was reported at around 11:20 a.m.
The victim, Jackson said, was already at the cafe when he was called over by the gunman, who was someone known to him. The shooting happened just inside the door. The victim was shot somewhere in the upper body.
"We don't know if there were any words or if there was any dispute," Jackson said.
The shooter is described as wearing dark clothing and possibly a mask.
Jackson wouldn't get into how many people were in Red Emma's, which was open at the time, but said all of the people who were in the establishment and anybody who might have been driving by at the time are potential witnesses.
In December, Red Emma's was the target of an armed robbery/
They'll reopen tomorrow.
WBAL-TV 11's Saliqa A. Khan contributed to this report.
Work is well underway on Holden's next-generation Commodore Supercar ahead of its race debut in 2018.
Holden has today revealed key details of its new Commodore road car, which will be built in Germany and based off the Opel Insignia.
A downsizing from the current Commodore that will cease production late next year, the new Commodores feature a five-door ‘liftback' body that is 74mm shorter and 36mm narrower than the incumbent.
Pictures of a prototype version of the car in a heavily disguised state have been released by Holden as it continues testing on local roads.
A rendering of a Red Bull-liveried Supercars version of the new car also briefly appeared on the Clipsal 500's Facebook page yesterday before being removed.
Abandoning the V8, the road car's four-wheel-drive flagship model will feature a 3.6 litre petrol V6, while front-wheel-drive 2.0 litre turbocharged petrol and diesel variants will also be offered.
The new Commodore will go on sale in February, 2018, coinciding with its planned race debut at the Clipsal 500.
As previously reported, Triple Eight has been charged with homologating the race car's aerodynamic kit and supplying bodywork to all teams running the new car.
In an extensive interview in the latest issue of V8X Supercar Magazine, Holden Motorsport boss Simon McNamara said that the manufacturer's internal design staff have been working on the basics of the body panels for six months.
Under Supercars rules, the new body panels will be draped over the current control chassis and be raced in rear-wheel-drive configuration.
The company is meanwhile close to finalising its engine program which is expected to see a V6 turbo developed for Supercars' new Gen2 regulations, based around existing GM Racing hardware.
“We're working through the engine program,” McNamara told V8X.
“The engine we've been looking at for nearly two years.
“We've been through all GM¹s architectures to see what might fit for us, so we've whittled it down.
“As for the body, Peter Hughes and the design guys have been working on the packaging for probably the last six months, with the backing of (GM global design chief) Mike Simcoe, who's a big supporter and big follower of what we're doing.
“So Mike's been great and given Pete the resources internally to do a lot of the surface work (designing and shaping the racing body kit).
“So there's a lot of work going on and the plan is to roll out in 2018.”
While the factory-backed Triple Eight is expected to roll out three brand-new cars for the start of 2018, how many privately funded teams also upgrade immediately remains to be seen.
Although only offering direct financial support to Triple Eight, McNamara says that all teams will benefit from the restructured engine and bodywork program.
It is expected that the engines will be prepared through a single local supplier, with teams able to lease their powerplants from Holden.
“What we plan to do with our program from a business point of view with the car and the engine will only help the teams that are underfunded and struggling a bit,” he said.
“The engine program alone will save them a significant amount of money. And they all want a Triple Eight cars, anyway.
“Now they can put their own bits in it, no drama. But the externals will be common. And it will be at a proper price; it won't be exorbitant.
“We want to make sure that everyone that wants to run a new Commodore is able to.
“Ideally, we'd turn up in Adelaide in 2018 and we¹d have all of our current Holden teams running new Commodores.
“Whether they all want to do that is a different story.
“I know that most of them do, but some of them probably won't.
“The ones that do will be very happy with what they have.
“They'll be in a better position financially by having the car and engine package of the next-generation car.”
CLICK HERE to purchase the print edition of V8X Supercar Magazine issue #95, featuring the full interview with McNamara.
Kohli magic almost enough for India
India's stand-in skipper Virat Kohli says it's the greatest game he's played in.
But he's more than happy to hand the captaincy back to MS Dhoni for the next Test.
Kohli led a bold run chase on Saturday's gripping final day of the first Commonwealth Bank Test in Adelaide, but India ultimately fell 48 runs short.
Kohli's highest Test score, a sublime 141, raised hopes of an incredible Indian win, becoming just the fourth Indian to score centuries in each inning of a Test.
"If we were able to pull this off, today would have been one of the most special moments in my life," Kohli said.
"But I'm really proud of the way the boys played."
Kohli wasn't disappointed, just "a little bit hurt because of the fact that we couldn't cross the line when it looked pretty bright for us".
At no stage did the tourists consider batting for a draw, despite being set a daunting 364 runs to win on the last day on a wearing pitch.
"At no point did we back off. And we are not going to back off either," Kohli said.
"If you see cricket like this for the rest of the series, it's in the balance. The guys are believing that.
"And unless you believe in something, there's no chance of achieving it.
"If at any stage that we had in mind that we might play for a draw, we would have lost by 150 runs, to be honest.
"So we went for it. That is what I am happy about."
Dhoni, who missed the series opener because of a fractured thumb, will return to the captaincy for the second Test in Brisbane starting Wednesday.
"I would be very happy that he is going to be fit and available for the second Test," Kohli said.
"It doesn't matter if I have the 'c' in front of my name or not. That doesn't change anything as far as my mindset is concerned.
"I have enough friendship and enough respect between the team that I can go and speak to them every now and then and keep them on the same page.
"That is my responsibility, that is something I will look to do even if I'm not captain."
[R-DEV]​Dr Rank PR:BF2 Developer
Join Date: Nov 2006 Posts: 2,645 United Kingdom Location: Reading, England Blog Entries: 7
Hill 488 (Bi Ming converted for Vietnam)
Remember Bi Ming Day, and going back further, Bi Ming Night? Some will, some won't. From the feedback I saw it seemed as though she was either loved with a passion or despised with utter contempt, particularly in the dark. What I'll say is this; if you loved her before I think she's ready to take things further, but if you despised her, perhaps this time you'll fall for her dark and wicked ways; her new Napalm perfume is pretty intoxicating... Or perhaps you'll just wish she had died along with all of the others that have been left by the wayside. Hopefully not!
Anyway, enough with the small talk, actions speak louder than words. Love her or hate her here she is, ready for war:
AAS - Standard (Day)
US:
US Main:
2x Patrol Boat River (5min Respawn)
1x M-35 Logistics Trucks (5min Respawn)
2x M548A1 Armoured Logistics Vehicle (5min Respawn)
2x M151A2 Light Jeep (5min Respawn)
NVA:
NVA Main:
2x UAZ Light Jeep (5min Respawn)
1x ZIL 131 Support Truck (5min Respawn)
2x ZIS-5 logistics Truck (5min Respawn)
NVA Island Spawn:
3x Vietnamise Sampan (5min Respawn)
AAS - Alternative (Night)
US:
US Main:
2x Patrol Boat River (5min Respawn)
1x M-35 Logistics Trucks (5min Respawn)
2x M548A1 Armoured Logistics Vehicle (5min Respawn)
2x M151A2 Light Jeep (5min Respawn)
1x M67 "Zippo" Flame Tank (15min Delayed Spawn)
NVA:
NVA Main:
2x UAZ Light Jeep (5min Respawn)
1x ZIL 131 Support Truck (5min Respawn)
2x ZIS-5 Logistics Trucks (5min Respawn)
1x PT-76 Amphibious Light Tank (15min Delayed Spawn)
NVA Island Spawn:
3x Vietnamise Sampan (5min Respawn)
Minimap:
Screenshots:
Charlie's in the trees! She's back, but not as you remember her. Remember that little black number she used to wear? Well that's back too, but its not as black as it once was...Remember Bi Ming Day, and going back further, Bi Ming Night? Some will, some won't. From the feedback I saw it seemed as though she was either loved with a passion or despised with utter contempt, particularly in the dark. What I'll say is this; if you loved her before I think she's ready to take things further, but if you despised her, perhaps this time you'll fall for her dark and wicked ways; her new Napalm perfume is pretty intoxicating... Or perhaps you'll just wish she had died along with all of the others that have been left by the wayside. Hopefully not!Anyway, enough with the small talk, actions speak louder than words. Love her or hate her here she is, ready for war:Charlie's in the trees!
The costs for solar photovoltaic (PV) systems have fallen steadily while construction costs for new nuclear power plants have been rising over the past decade, which now makes electricity generated from new solar installations cheaper than electricity from proposed new nuclear power plants, according to a new report published by a retired Duke University professor.
Moreover, the report continues, solar costs are projected to continue its decline over the coming decade while nuclear costs are expected to rise further.
The report, “Solar and Nuclear Costs — The Historic Crossover: Solar Energy is Now the Better Buy,” was compiled by John O. Blackburn, Professor Emeritus of Economics and former Chancellor of Duke University, along with a student, Sam Cunningham.
Electricity generated from solar PV is now being sold by commercial developers to the utility companies at 14 cents or fewer per kilowatt-hour (kWh), while nuclear plants in the planning stages will be incapable of offering electricity cheaper than 14-to-18 cents per kWh, according to the report.
“The delivered price to customers would be somewhat higher for both sources,” the study notes.
Cost estimates for new nuclear plants have risen dramatically since the much-heralded “nuclear renaissance” began during the past decade, says Blackburn. “Projects first announced with costs in the $2 billion range per reactor have seen several revisions as detailed planning proceeds and numerous design and engineering problems have emerged. The latest price estimates are in the $10 billion range per reactor.”
But Rod Adams, author of the Atomic Insights Blog, rejected the report and criticized the basis of the study, saying that the report's nuclear cost projections rely on a paper written by a lone researcher with unclear qualifications. Mark Cooper's “brief biography states that he has a ‘PhD from Yale' but it does not specify his field of study. It indicates he is an ‘acivist/advocate' with a rather wide range of interest areas including telecommunications regulations and energy consumer issues,” he writes. Adams also listed a number of papers on the subject which he says were ignored by Blackburn's report.
“For many years the U.S. nuclear power industry has been allowed to argue that ‘there is no alternative' to building new nuclear plants,” Blackburn's report concludes. “This is just not true.”
Singer Ricky Wilson will be on crutches after hurting himself onstage in Portugal...
Kaiser Chiefs singer RICKY WILSON will play V FESTIVAL on crutches after hurting himself onstage in Portugal.
The band is due to play at this weekend's festival at Hylands Park in Chelmsford and Weston Park in Stafford (August 20-21).
However, last night (August 16) Wilson spent all night in a Portugese hospital after hurting himself onstage.
NME.COM understands that Wilson tore ankle ligaments during a performance at a festival in Portugal.
A spokesperson for the band told NME.COM: “Ricky Wilson has torn his ankle ligaments jumping off a stage at Parades De Coura Festival, Portugal.
”It's a repeat of the injury Ricky suffered in March this year on the band's US dates around SXSW. All shows planned for this weekend, Lowlands, Pukkelpop and V Festival will go ahead, but Ricky will be less mobile than usual and won't be climbing any lighting rigs!! Any rumours of cancellations are not true – Kaiser Chiefs will perform as planned across this weekend.”
I provided my usual answers: I was wearing nothing (“I just got out of the shower and like to cool my body naturally”). I liked doing it on every surface of the house and particularly in public places. All the yoga I did made me incredibly flexible, and I loved being lifted up and twisted into adventurous sexual positions.
But then he began to talk about what he hoped to find on the site: namely, a relationship that was real and meaningful. I agreed I was tired of sleeping around too. Usually I blocked a man once he began to insist on meeting in person, but Jussi was patient and sweet. I wanted to continue talking to him.
We logged in at the same time, day after day. I adjusted the schedule around my school days by saying, “I'll need to drop off the kids first, so I won't be home until 3 p.m. tomorrow.” He worked night shifts as a security guard, so he was always online when I needed him to be.
After a few weeks, he said: “Can we meet already? Please Charlotta.” He told me that he was tired of chatting and that if I didn't say yes, he wouldn't believe I was a real person.
What we had was real to me, and I didn't want to disappoint him. So I agreed.
We set a date for 7 p.m. a week later. We agreed to meet on a street corner in the center of Helsinki, mere blocks from where I lived. I hoped we would recognize each other simply because we had been talking for so long and had such a strong connection.
As the days passed, however, the impossibility of it began to dawn on me. Even if I were to go meet him and get past the initial explanations, I could never become what he imagined me to be. And something else dawned on me as well: I was starting to realize I might be gay, and that's why I was different from everyone else.
At 7 p.m. that evening, my mother put sausages and French fries on the table for dinner. I sat in silence, answering her questions with an absent-minded yes or no. Looking at the clock, it hit me: Jussi was now standing out in the cold night, alone.
It's any wonder why someone would choose darkness when light is just a decision away. A decision to incorporate new thoughts of wellness and peace into one's mindset, thereby overriding thoughts of disease and hate. A decision to view another person as capable of making mistakes and in need of as much mercy as you or I. In other words, decisions to move out from under the shadows and into the sun.
It's any wonder, too, that someone would choose punishment over forgiveness.Punishment denotes a jurisdiction of authority over a particular offense, or a perceived power over another person. No amount of accolades or credentials gives anyone enough vindication to punish someone else for any action. What might be justice in your eyes might be torture in another pair. We as humans cannot even agree on forms of punishment, debating whether the death penalty or 5 years in jail is suitable for a count of child molestation. So, is it safe to say that punishment is in itself a subjective decree?
Another matter of subjectivity—subject to personal opinion—is determining what warrants forgiveness.
Every decision you make ultimately boils down to how the result will make you feel. You prefer one feeling over another, so you act to achieve the desired feeling. You don't want to lose something, so you decide to protect it. You don't want to go somewhere, so you decide to stay. Every decision is a decision made for your benefit.
So the decision to forgive someone is completely up to you and what feels better. But not everyone recognizes what might feel better. Before we delve into this conundrum, let's look at what forgiveness isn't.
What Forgiveness Is Not
We're all guilty of it. Of making mistakes. Of alienating others. Of chastising the ‘wicked'… We're all guilty of writing the terms of forgiveness. (Terms on which we seldom agree.)
We've perpetuated an image of forgiveness that is completely false. And we've deemed ourselves the authority to decide under what circumstances clemency will be granted. We think it a kind action toward an enemy or a person who's wronged us. Sure, it's a kind gesture, indeed. But toward a wrong-doer? Who says what's right and wrong?
Forgiveness isn't about redemption, justification, or any kind of retribution. It shouldn't be used to garner a sense of power over a weaker person—to make anyone cower down at your feet and beg your pardon. Truth is, one need not even have to understand why the person in question did what they did. Any rationale or excuse would be an effort to convince you that they deserve forgiveness, and that's not your call. Forgiveness also shouldn't be viewed as an effort to change or make up for the past. And it certainly doesn't mean rehashing the sins of the world into perpetuity in order for absolution to take hold.
Some good news? Forgiveness doesn't mean that you have to hang out with those you forgive! Who you choose to surround yourself with is your decision as well. Once you forgive, there is no obligation to form any new attachments to the acquitted. No lunch date needs to be planned. No meeting of the parents, or weekend trip away together is necessary! What a relief.
Where does this news leave us exactly?
What Forgiveness Is
Forgiveness is the process of concluding resentment, indignation or anger as a result of a perceived offense, or ceasing to demand punishment or restitution, as defined by Wikipedia. We may feel a need to forgive as a result of feeling betrayed, physically injured, emotionally hurt, criticized, angry or vengeful. It's easy to feel these emotions. They spring on us as if without our permission. But these are all emotions self-inflicted. We allowed them in and gave them a place to stay. Which is why a feeling of betrayal can ultimately feel really comforting because we've settled in a fictitious power play by withholding our love and attention from another. (However, more accurately, the mere fact that we've been unable to forgive means we continue to give them our power and attention–whether they know it or not.)
This game of ‘weak vs. strong' keeps you stuck in victimhood where you're without any power; your strength being derived from someone's confession and remorse. Suppose even that's not enough to rid you of bitterness, then where are you? Hopeless.
Why do that to yourself?
Forgiveness is a gift you give to yourself. The releasing of pain, physical and emotional. The effects of forgiveness not only improve your health, stress-levels, countenance, physical, psychological and spiritual well-being, but it will improve relationships and attract more gracious people into your life.
This all might sound selfish to you. You might conclude it very selfish to forgive. And I'd agree with you. But consider the alternative. Grudges held for years are the causes of war. Pent-up bitterness can cause ulcers, weight-gain, energy depletion and stress. Fortunately, there are benefits for the forgiver and the forgiven, creating a win-win situation. There's an allowing of wellness for a person previously convicted. There's a releasing of further contempt. There's accepting we're human and capable of mistakes. Forgiveness is a state of mind, a freeing of blame and resentment. Once we are free of such consuming emotions, joy is free to flourish within us. We're given a chance to start anew.
Choosing not to forgive someone is a form of darkness, in that it keeps you from clarity and peace. Once you forgive, you feel a lightness become you, you see with new eyes, you feel brand new. You've been washed clean, and all along you thought you were seeking to wash someone else clean of all your judgments and grievances toward them. Well, both are the result of forgiveness.
Forgiveness is the single most powerful movement we could incite in our lifetimes and the most transformative. It is testament to unconditional love, and a demonstration of grace. It is a vow of peace and a treaty of hope. It strips us down to our most innocent, humble selves. It reconstructs prior judgments into compassion. It confesses a love for ourselves and others. And it doesn't require altering another person to become someone you find agreeable again. The act offorgiving isn't about the other person. It is always about you, and will remain an issue to be worked out inside. Forgiving another, forgiving yourself, forgiving God, forgiving destiny…all takes place in your mind. It's a lesson in changing our perspectives, changing our minds, changing ourselves.
This should feel empowering! Knowing your emotions are within your control and no one else's. Knowing no one is capable of doing anything to you that you didn't allow them to—because what anyone did to ‘hurt you' was subject to your interpretation of her/his actions in the end. Can you be sure of anyone's intentions? By you requiring an apology or recompense to move forward is allowing the situation and the person to control you instead of you controlling your life and your move forward.
Oftentimes, just knowing what forgiveness means is enough to change someone's life into a more loving, albeit powerful, forgiving vessel. A few of us might need more time to process this concept of forgiveness because we let someone negatively influence our lives for too long and find it hard to dislodge the acrimony.
Below is a meditation that will help us find that place of peace found in forgiveness.
Meditation on Forgiveness
How do you forgive? Here's a meditation that can help. Get to a place of solitude and silence. Be mindful of your breath, in and out. Sit for 5 minutes setting the intention to release animosity and pride. Envision the person (or entity) you struggle with forgiving. Now, begin the process:
1. With your eyes gazing upon this individual, just as you know s/he to be, allow your feelings about this individual to fill you.
2. Recognize and honor those feelings as they are your internal alarm system.
3. Aloud, tell this individual how s/he hurt you and how it made you feel. Run down the list of grievances. Be brutally honest—this is for you to come clean.
4. As you reveal hurt after hurt, release each one, allowing it to float away—detaching from this individual completely.
5. With an exhalation, let go of each emotion that entered your body and mind when thinking of this individual.
6. As it exits, thank that feeling/emotion for serving you.
7. Thank the individual for whatever s/he did to you to hurt you that might have brought new growth or opportunity to your life (even if it's just that his betrayal made you come to know your worth as a person, or her abuse made you stronger physically). Place a smile on your face.
8. Tell the individual you forgive her/him—with a deep breath in and out.
9. Tell the individual you release her/him from all bitterness and anger, knowing what he might have done to you was only his cry for love and attention.
10. Now, place upon this individual a cloud of white, brilliant, cleansing light.
11. While the individual is enveloped in white light, remember the good memories you have of her/him, and get in that state of reflection.
12. Like puzzle pieces, place these new memories all over this individual, so it covers her/him. Quantity is of no concern. If you have just one piece to offer up, make sure it's a big enough piece to cover the body entirely.
13. Take a look at this individual, now covered in your smiles, laughter, tears of joy and images of fond memories, still basking in white light.
14. Tell the individual you love her/him.
15. Breathe five (5) full, slow, delicate, enjoyable breaths in and out, expanding this feeling of love and completion.
16. Visualize this individual being absorbed into the white light, until the light is all you see.
17. Take a deep breathe in, inhaling this white, cleansing light, letting it fill you with a bountiful glow.
18. Seal this process with a closing phrase such as, “And it is done.”
19. Smile, and slowly open your eyes.
20. Repeat this process until being around this person is a peaceful experience, one in which you tie no label of ‘evil-doer' around their neck.
After this process, you should see them with clearer, compassionate eyes, no longer keeping them stuck in old, irrelevant judgments. What comes next is up to you. Forgiving them in-person isn't integral to the process, but optional, because you've already done the necessary work to move forward. If the person is still alive, what we can trust is that if it's a relationship in your best interest, your love and forgiveness will attract them back to you in a more wholesome, enlightening way. However, you must stay in this place of love or you'll fall back into playing victim. And, like attracts like.
Once you live a life of forgiveness, you'll start to notice you forgive before someone even has a chance to do you ‘harm'. In hindsight, you'll realize their apologies were never factors in your deciding whether to forgive—it was always your compassion. Needing an apology was only your attempt at feeling better, when feeling better was within your control all along.
Who do you still desire to forgive? Leave a comment below and let me know your next step to attempt to forgive.
The Prime Minister's Office waited almost two months to see if the news media would lose interest in the Mike Duffy expenses scandal before making any serious attempt to investigate the allegations, the suspended senator's trial heard Thursday.
In his first day cross-examining Stephen Harper's former chief of staff, Nigel Wright, Duffy's lawyer, Donald Bayne, alleged that the PMO's initial response to allegations against Duffy in a December 2012 Ottawa Citizen story was to not “fan the flames, and wait to see if the story had legs.”
When the issue re-emerged the following February, said Bayne, Harper's team of senior advisers decided the risk to the government's reputation was too great and went into classic damage control mode – culminating in Wright's personal payment of $90,000 to cover Duffy's expenses.
Duffy has pleaded not guilty to 31 counts of fraud, breach of trust and bribery and is being tried by judge alone.
Wright, Harper's former right-hand man, disagreed with numerous of Bayne's characterizations of how his PMO team handled the Duffy affair, but his testimony was occasionally supportive of the embattled senator.
During intense questioning by Bayne, Wright agreed that he had told Harper that in forcing Duffy to repay his expenses, they were likely forcing the senator to repay money he didn't legally owe.
Wright, a key witness in the trial, agreed that he had cautioned Harper about the uncertain legal grounds. “I wanted the PM to be comfortable with that,” he said.
A wealthy businessman and politically active Conservative since his teenage years, 52-year-old Wright conceded that he had been “very persistent” with Duffy in an effort to get him to publicly admit that his claiming of Prince Edward Island as his primary residence was “inappropriate.” Saying that P.E.I. was his main residence allowed Duffy to claim expenses for a secondary home in Kanata.
It was “politically embarrassing,” testified Wright, that a member of the government caucus was claiming expenses for a home in the Ottawa area that he had lived in since the 1970s.
Duffy eventually succumbed to what Wright characterized as his “persuasion” but what Bayne called threats and browbeating.
“Is it true agreement when you force someone to do something?” he asked Wright.
Wright conceded that Duffy had persuaded him he did not deserve to be publicly lumped in with disgraced senators Mac Harb and Patrick Brazeau, and agreed to “put Mike in a different bucket and to prevent him from going squirrelly on a bunch of weekend panel shows.”
Wright had no altruistic motives when he handled the Duffy expenses scandal, alleged Bayne, and was only concerned with protecting Harper, his boss.
Earlier, Wright told the court that he was guided by the Bible when he gave Duffy $90,000 to repay Canadian taxpayers, and in his subsequent attempts to prevent others knowing about it.
Wright quoted “Matthew 6” in his decision to give “full reimbursement to the Canadian taxpayer.”
That passage essentially advises that “charity” should not be given publicly or with fanfare and those who give should “not let the left hand know what your right hand is doing.” (Harper has said he did not know about the payment).
Bayne spent part of the day attempting to debunk Wright's biblical explanation with excerpts from internal emails that began flowing within senior Conservative circles as the scandal grew.
Far from being a “good deed,” said the lawyer, it was a deliberate attempt to deceive Canadians by pretending that Duffy had repaid the expenses himself when in fact Duffy had insisted from the outset that he had done nothing wrong.
Wright wanted his own role in the matter kept quiet, alleged Bayne, because it was decided within the PMO “that the government was going to be happy if people thought Duffy had repaid the money.
“But he didn't repay the money,” added Bayne. “Nigel Wright paid the money.
“Your decision to pay was a private one – you received no direction from anyone?” Bayne asked Wright.
“No,” Wright replied.
Bayne told the court he would base his defence on six months of heavy email traffic between Duffy and Wright, and between Wright and numerous senior members of the PMO and senior Conservative senators.
Wright testified that he and Harper had meetings at which he would brief Harper on numerous matters, including media coverage that had the potential of threatening the reputation of Harper and his government. He said that part of his job was to protect Harper.
Wright has testified that he regrets his decision to give Duffy money from his own pocket and didn't consider the full implications – an admission Bayne also questioned.
“You don't strike me as the kind of guy who doesn't think things out,” he said.
“Sometimes, I don't,” responded Wright.
In an email to senior members of his team shortly after the Duffy story re-ignited in February 2013, Wright issued a warning that proved prescient.
“. . . let this small group be under no illusion. I think that this is going to end badly,” he wrote.
During testimony Thursday, Wright acknowledged that the prediction had come true and drew laughter from the packed courtroom when he added:
“And it hasn't even ended.”
The trial continues Friday.
ccobb@ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/chrisicobb
The plants growing along an increasing number of Mexican hillsides reflect trends in illegal drug use here in the United States. While marijuana fields easily outnumbered poppy plantations in prime Mexican growing regions, both government and international-agency statistics show those numbers have reversed as Mexican-origin heroin use in the US has exploded.
According to the Mexican daily Reforma, the leading marijuana production states in Mexico are Chihuahua, Guerrero, Jalisco, Durango, Sinaloa and Oaxaca. Between 2007-2010, the Mexican army discovered 432,561 marijuana fields in these areas. But that number plummeted by 56 percent between 2011-2014, as soldiers only found 187,056 marijuana plantations during that time frame. Mexico's military department known as SEDENA indicated that opium poppies have been replacing marijuana plants in these states.
Shifts in illegal drug production by Mexican cartels tend to occur rather quickly in response to changes in demand from the US market. Unlike cocaine, which has to be brought into Mexico from other countries, heroin and marijuana can both be grown and processed internally. This allows cartels to dictate to their growers what kinds of plants they need to grow and in what quantities.
Guerrero, currently one of the most violent states in Mexico and home to the Guerreros Unidos Cartel and infiltrated by Jalisco Nueva Generación drug organization, remains first in poppy production. However, Chihuahua—across the border from southwest Texas—has seen the fastest increase in production, tripling its crop size in the past four years.
According to Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration statistics released in May 2015 by the Drug Enforcement Administration, between 2007-2013 the number of heroin addicts in the US almost doubled from 161,000 to 289,000.
Besides, deaths involving heroin more than tripled between 2007 (2,402) and 2013 (8,260).
by Sylvia Longmire
Sylvia Longmire is a border security expert and Contributing Editor for Breitbart Texas. You can read more about cross-border issues in her latest book, Border Insecurity: Why Big Money, Fences, and Drones Aren't Making Us Safer.
Source: http://www.breitbart.com/
Comments
comments
Inspired by Marvel's Iron Fist, this Mega Sawk strikes with the fearsome force of a Dragon.
Sun Dex:
Mega Sawk are respected as paragons of justice and are compelled to confront evil doers, even when outmatched. Their mystical aura appears to guide their attacks, leading some to believe it to be a separate entity with it's own agenda.
Moon Dex:
In preparation for Mega Evolution, a Sawk must restlessly tighten his focus and self-discipline so as to adequately control the raging dragon spirit that he awakens upon Mega Evolution. A single break in concentration could prove lethal for both Mega Sawk and his trainer.
Type: Fighting/Dragon
Ability: Guard Breaker
(This Pokémon's attack deal 50% damage to protected and semi-invulnerable Pokémon and removes protection status for the remainder of the turn. Unaffected by the negative effects of Baneful Bunker, King's Shield, etc.)
Note: Guard Breaker breaks all variations of Protection/Dig, except for Detect
Stats:
HP: 75 > +0 > 75
ATK: 125 > +25 > 150
DEF: 75 > +15 > 90
SP. ATK: 30 > +25 > 55
SP. DEF: 75 > +15 > 90
SPD: 85 > +20 > 105
New Moves:
Drain Punch
Vacuum Wave
Dragon Dance
More: You can learn more about Mega Sawk by heading over to my video breakdown of the design: youtu.be/fsU3Yul0Ads
Special thanks to my friend Mike Regan for helping me with the design: www.mikereganart.com/
No need for permission for reuse, but please include credit or I'll find you like Liam Neeson in Taken.
A young mother in India has told how her husband divorced her by text after she confessed to being gang raped by neighbours.
She revealed how her Dubai-based construction worker spouse reacted badly when she confided in him what had happened.
The unnamed woman, 25, said she received a message soon after which said ‘talaq' three times.
Under Sharia Law a man can divorce his wife instantly if he says ‘talaq' to her three times.
'Violated': The 25-year-old mother-of-one (left) from Meerut, India, was divorced by her husband via text after she told him she had been gang raped
Child: The woman described how her husband and his mother threw her out of her family home and took custody of her son, four (pictured)
Soon afterwards the woman, who cannot be named, was thrown out of the house where she lived with her mother-in-law, 70, who took custody of her four-year-old son.
Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, the mother-of-one bravely told how she ‘went numb' when she received the message ending their five-year marriage, having previously thought her husband and his mother had been sympathetic.
Blasting her ‘cowardly' husband, she said: ‘When I read the message I went numb. I couldn't believe what I had read. Just three words; talaq, talaq, talaq.'
She went on: ‘This is the last thing I was expecting from my husband of five years after I confided in him about what happened.
‘I felt violated. I thought that he would stand by my side through this, to help me through the pain of it.
‘But I was wrong. He took the easiest way out like a coward and divorced me with text message.
‘It took him five seconds to end a five-year relationship. And my mother-in-law who had stood by my side after I was raped and went with me to the police station to report the attack, suddenly changed her mind and took her son's side.
‘Overnight I became an outcast from my whole family.
‘I could have survived even that, but then they snatched away my last hope – my only child. I have completely lost the desire to live.'
The unnamed woman has since moved back to her parents' home in Meerut, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, north of New Delhi.
Her estranged husband's mother and his family approve of the divorce.
Estranged: In support, the woman's mother-in-law accompanied her to the police station to report the rape, but then backed her son's decision to request a divorce and evicted the victim from the house they shared
‘My son has divorced his wife, so she has no right to live with us. That's the law,' the mother-in-law told MailOnline.
‘She no longer belongs to us, but the child is part of our family's lineage. We can't let him go with her.'
WHAT IS 'TRIPLE TALAQ'? Under Sharia Law a husband can divorce his wife instantly by announcing the word 'talaq' three times. In Islam, the man is allowed to say the word three times - but can still take her back after saying it twice. But after the third time the divorce is final and the couple can't get back together. Some men choose to divorce their wives three times in one go – known as the ‘triple talaq'. The Koran says there should be a cooling-off period of three months between each pronouncement of talaq. The couple is supposed to attempt to reconcile between each pronouncement, with the help of mediators from both families. If the couple have sex during the reconciliation period, they are deemed to be reconciled and the divorce is void. A husband can invoke talaq for any reason no matter how trivial.
The number of Muslim men in India invoking ‘triple talaq' rule under Islamic law is increasing.
They are taking to new media platforms such as Skype, email and WhatsApp, which concerns women's rights groups in the country.
‘Men are misusing technology to make women more vulnerable in society,' said Zakia Soman, co-founder of the Indian Muslim Women's Movement (BMMA).
‘Even some Muslim nations have abolished ‘triple talaq', but our religious leaders who approve of this un-Islamic means of divorce follow a mindset that doesn't view women as equals.
Ms Soman called triple talaq ‘misogynous' and added practices such as polygamy, denial of alimony and inheritance rights to women have become ingrained in Muslim society in India through misinterpretation of the Koran.
A spokeswoman for the Kerala Women's Commission, J Prameela Devi, told MailOnline: ‘It's unacceptable to just text someone and demand a divorce. ‘You have to treat a human being with the dignity and decency they deserve.'
In October, India's Supreme Court announced it would review Islamic personal law – or Sharia Law – to possibly end discrimination against Muslim women.
A number of Muslim scholars have called the draconian triple talaq ‘unjust'.
In July a government report recommended the practice should be outlawed in India.
The committee said it makes wives ‘extremely vulnerable' and ‘insecure' of their marital status.
But the India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) defends the practice, which is banned in neighbouring Islamic countries, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
Archaic religious practices such as instant divorce continue in India as the country fails to recognise a uniform civil code applying to all Indians.
Instead, each religious community has its own laws governing marriage and divorce, leaving 14million Muslims free to follow Sharia law.
Roving 'Sonic hedgehog' gene may change scientists' understanding of limb growth
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Sonic hedgehog, a gene that plays a crucial rule in the positioning and growth of limbs, fingers and toes, has been confirmed in an unexpected place in the embryos of developing mice — the layer of cells that creates the skin.
Named for a video game character, Sonic hedgehog describes both a gene and the protein it produces in the body. Its study is important to increase understanding of human birth defects.
It was thought to be exclusively present in the cell layer that builds bone and muscle, called the mesoderm. But University of Florida Genetics Institute researchers have discovered that Sonic hedgehog is also at work in mice limb buds in what is known as the ectoderm, the cell layer that gives rise to the skin in vertebrates.
Finding Sonic hedgehog in this layer of cells is loosely akin to discovering that yeast has crept from the batter to the frosting, where it has the surprising effect of limiting how much the cake will rise. More literally, instead of causing appendages to grow, Sonic hedgehog seems to act as a failsafe mechanism to keep additional digits from developing.
“Sonic hedgehog protein determines how your limbs form, and why your pinky is at the bottom of your hand and your thumb is at the top,” said Brian D. Harfe, an associate professor of molecular genetics and microbiology at the UF College of Medicine. “But what's been previously published is only part of the picture. We determined that Sonic hedgehog signaling is required in the ectoderm to have normal digit formation. Get rid of it, and an extra digit forms.”
In this case, when scientists disrupted Sonic hedgehog signaling in a small region of the limb buds of embryonic mice, an additional digit began to arise in what would be the mouse paw.
The discovery, to appear online in this week's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, suggests that Sonic hedgehog's role in the growth of appendages is far more complex than originally thought. Developmental biologists may have to rethink established theories about how limbs are patterned in vertebrates — an effort that could provide insight into human birth defects.
“We used technology where a viral protein seeks out specific sequences of DNA,” said Cortney M. Bouldin, a graduate student in the Interdisciplinary Program in Biomedical Sciences in the department of molecular genetics and microbiology. “We concentrated on disabling a protein essential for Sonic hedgehog signaling. Although it has been removed from the limb before, we wanted to specifically remove it from the ectoderm. When we did that, in the latter stages of development, we saw extra cartilage and the early beginnings of another digit.”
Sonic hedgehog signaling in the ectoderm of limb buds may act as a buffering system that prevents unneeded growth, Bouldin said.
The UF research was sparked by studies of gene activity in the limb buds of mice by William J. Scott, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Cincinnati. Scott used a microarray experiment to examine gene expression levels in the ectoderm of mice limb buds, finding activity that could not be possible without the presence of Sonic hedgehog.
UF researchers were able to advance this investigation from cell studies to developing mice embryos by knocking out gene expression in a small region of the ectodermal layer. It allowed them to observe early limb development in the absence of Sonic hedgehog signaling.
“The view had been if you reduce signaling, if anything you would get fewer fingers,” said Scott, who did not participate in the UF research. “We now know we can't disregard Sonic hedgehog signaling in the ectoderm. It still has its predominant effect in the tissue where it is made, but it does something more than we thought it did previously. When we try to understand problems that arise with limb growth in humans, we will be able to examine those possibilities.”
Harfe said the next phase of the work will be to observe what happens when Sonic hedgehog signaling is disrupted through larger segments of the ectodermal layer. Ultimately, researchers hope the work will lead to quality of life improvements for people.
“We would like to repair limb defects in humans and enhance regeneration of limbs, helping people who might cut off fingers in an accident, for example,” Harfe said.
The work was funded by the UF College of Medicine.
Credits
Chileans will now be able to create and register a new company in one day, Start-Up Chile reports on its blog. This is the result of a new law voted this week by the Chilean Senate, and which should come into effect by May.
It's not just about speed, but also about convenience and affordability, with the implementation of a free one-stop online incorporation system. Company creation aside, it also covers structural changes, mergers and closures.
While opening a business in Chile will be now faster than ever, the process to make this law a reality has been anything but fast. The bill was supported and promoted by the entrepreneurship world and its associations, such as Asech, but faced opposition from Chile's inescapable notaries.
Well connected and painfully aware that they would lose out from these changes, they had managed to convince some senators to support their cause and slow down the voting process, which started in November 2010 and has been dragging on since May 2012.
In this context, it is good news to see that the country's representatives have finally come to their senses and acknowledged the benefits that this law can bring to Chile. As Chilean blog FayerWayer points out, this also has to do with the decision of the Minister of Economy Pablo Longueira to personally step in and advocate for the bill.
There's no doubt that Chile could use new incentives to company creation; according to FayerWayer, 37% of the companies that operate in the country are informal. With the new law, the expectation is that a large number of them will get formalized, contributing to create new formal jobs and additional tax income for the state.
From the business owner's perspective, it will represent a chance to save time on a process that could until then take several weeks or even months, but also to get access to the growing amount of funding that the Chilean government and several related entities dedicate to early-stage companies.
Competitiveness in mind
Bureaucracy is a recurring issue in Latin America, taking a toll on the local economy. With this new procedure, Chile is taking the lead in solving this problem, and it will now be much faster to create a company there than in neighboring countries – in fact, it will be faster than pretty much anywhere else in the world.
As a matter of fact, Chile is determined to compete globally, and has made significant progress towards this goal. This is not only about simplifying paperwork; it's also about fighting the conservative forces within the Chilean society (see our controversial interview with Israeli investor Arnon Kohavi).
While cultural changes take a long time, Chile has been very proactive in launching initiatives that have the potential to change the mindset of its population. The best known of these programs is the above-mentioned Start-Up Chile, its government-supported accelerator which other countries are now trying to copy. Initially targeted at foreign startups, and is now receiving a large number of local applications every time it opens a new round.
In other words, Chile is showing the world and its own citizens that it wants to position itself as a global tech hub – and this message is apparently paying off. As we reported, Google has chosen Santiago's suburbs as the home of its first Latin American data center, despite the relatively small size of the Chilean market. Chances are this is just a start, as Chile's President Sebastián Piñera has announced that 2013 would be “the Year of Innovation.”
Image credit: Thinkstock
This post is part of our contributor series. The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily shared by TNW.
Read next: Microsoft Research and the UN team up to build a computational model of ecosystems across the world
Image copyright Hive Image caption In the video, Vanity Fair writers and editors make a series of supposedly humorous suggestions for new year's resolutions to defeated presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
A spokeswoman for Vanity Fair magazine has apologised after it published a "humorous" video suggesting Hillary Clinton should "take up knitting" rather than run for office again.
The video has triggered numerous accusations of sexism on social media.
In the video, employees suggest six new year's resolutions to Mrs Clinton.
It is part of a series of such videos aimed at various public figures and fronted by Vanity Fair editors and writers.
In the video, staffers make a series of suggestions to Mrs Clinton, who lost the 2016 presidential election to Donald Trump, to move out of the political spotlight.
The tips include:
"It's time to start working on your sequel to your book, What Happened: What the Hell Happened."
"Get someone on your tech staff to disable autofill on your iPhone so that typing in F doesn't become 'Form Exploratory Committee for 2020'," (a reference to the date of the next presidential election)
"You know how on Anderson Cooper you were telling him about alternate-nostril breathing? You seemed really adept. You should try teaching a class."
But the suggestion that attracted the greatest criticism on social media was that Mrs Clinton "take up a new hobby in the new year: volunteer work, knitting, improve comedy - literally anything that will keep you from running again".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hillary Clinton: "I had not prepared a concession speech because I really thought I was going to win."
Since the election, some commentators have complained that Mrs Clinton has been unable to assume responsibility for her role in the defeat which stunned and divided the party.
Many have called for Mrs Clinton and her supporters to move on, withdraw to the sidelines and allow the party to rebuild, say analysts.
Nonetheless, if this was meant to be a tongue-in-cheek call of that kind, many Twitter users were unimpressed.
In response, the Vanity Fair writer behind the "knitting" suggestion, Maya Kosoff, reportedly tweeted that she did not "appreciate being taken out of context to make me seem super sexist".
Other Twitter users, including Fox News, cast the Twitterstorm as "liberal outrage".
But in a later statement, Vanity Fair spokeswoman Beth Kseniak said: "It was an attempt at humour and we regret that it missed the mark."
That apology has itself been criticised by Donald Trump.
However, he was himself taken to task by commentators pointing out that Anna Wintour is the editor-in-chief of Vogue, not Vanity Fair. She is also artistic director of Conde Nast, which publishes both titles.
"Trump tweets defense of Vanity Fair's controversial Hillary Clinton video, somehow brings Anna Wintour into it," said the website of news magazine The Week.
Fair Thee Well has gained an exclusive peek into the rumored practice sessions with John Mayer and the Grateful Dead's Bob Weir.
Late last week, numerous “news” outlets “reported” that some the remaining members of the Grateful Dead were considering an extended Fall tour with John Mayer replacing Phish's Trey Anastasio at lead guitar. While the group will certainly never be billed as the Grateful Dead after their final July 5th show, it seems the idea of inviting Mayer onstage to play the band's music for a full-scale tour is no joke.
According to Billboard.com, “The trek is due to kick off in October, with the guitarist [John Mayer] having already begun to jam in a rehearsal-like setting with select members of the group, chief among them Weir. But a rep for the band tells Billboard that it's ‘premature' to suggest an outing is being planned.”
Other sites offered similarly empty speculation, along with strong hesitations that the Grateful Dead's bassist, Phil Lesh, is “particular about who he plays with.”
Luckily, a well-connected source of ours sent over this photo late Monday afternoon that all but confirms the insane speculation that is sweeping the internet lot and John Mayer message boards.
Setlist (pictured above)
Truckin' , Althea, Waiting On the Eyes of the World to Change*, Cream Puff War of My Life*, Playin' in the Band>Drums>Space>Gravity**
Notes:
* New? Umphrey's McGee-style mashups
** John Mayer original
According to the Philadelphia examiner's top click-bait writer Victoria Miller, “Mayer jammed with Weir earlier this year on ‘The Late Late Show,' where the two performed the Dead classics ‘Truckin' ‘ and ‘Althea.' “
#DEAD50 #JOHNMAYER #SANTACLARA
Nashville songwriter Chris Waters Dunn penned nine No. 1 hits – a couple recorded by superstars Tim McGraw and Tanya Tucker – before quitting the scene to move back to his hometown of San Antonio.
Now he's singing the praises of authentic Mexican cuisine in his new book, “Enchiladas: Aztec to Tex-Mex.” It all came about because of music, he says, a waiting game that gave him time to ponder his next move.
“All through those years as a songwriter and record producer, you're in a position of waiting for the artist to become interested in a song, waiting for the results of its popularity and waiting another year before the money comes in,” Dunn said.
“I found a real stress relief was the immediacy of preparing a meal and having an instant reaction. Hoping that I could do something that would please people and nurture them.”
When he mused on what to write about, “rather than lyin,' cheatin,' and leavin,'” he thought it would be great to go back home to San Antonio and enroll in the Culinary Institute of America. The CIA has only three campuses: New York, Napa and now San Antonio. The Texas location came about through a $35 million gift from Christopher “Kit” Goldsbury, who sold Pace Foods Ltd. (creators of the popular picante sauce) to Campbell Soup Co. for $1.12 billion. The institute offers the typical programs in French and other traditional cuisines, along with opportunities to learn about the foods of Mexico and the Southwest. Dunn studied there with Iliana de la Vega, owner of El Naranjo in Austin. He graduated and immediately started writing about food.
Eventually he came to consider the humble enchilada. It fascinates him still.
“It is an amazing, complex subject. Look at the enchildada enfrijolada (enchildada in bean sauce). That is probably at least a couple thousand years old, 750 years B.C. It's not exactly like we make it now because of the Spanish (they brought some of the ingredients to the New World). But the beans were cooked with avocado leaf and chilies of some kind and they were eating that at least 2,000 years ago.”
He wrote the book with Cappy Lawton, a prolific restaurateur who has operated 29 restaurants throughout Texas. With his wife, Suzy, and son Trevor, Lawton owns Cappy's, Cappycino's and La Fonda on Main, which has been dishing up enchiladas in the Alamo City for years. “I have a huge collection of Mexican cookbooks,” Lawton said. “The two most iconic foods are tacos and enchiladas,” Lawton said. “There are several books on tacos but never a major book on enchiladas, and (Dunn) said, ‘I thought about that myself.'
“A few glasses of wine later, we decided, let's write it together. We thought it would take six months to a year but it took three years.” Their original idea was much simpler, Lawton said, but he and Dunn agreed that if they were to complete the project, they would do it right. “We both like doing things of high quality and I'm very proud of what we did,” Lawton said. He sure is, offering a Texas-sized discount on his restaurant's website: buy three and he'll give you the fourth one free.
In the book, which has been short listed for the 2016 Best Latin American Cuisine Book in the U.S.A. by the Gourmand World Cookbook Awards, some recipes come straight from La Fonda's menu. Others are traditional, such as Enchiladas Suizas, a popular recipe created at Sanborn's restaurant in Mexico City. Some are contemorary, like the fresh and delicate open-face shrimp enchilada recipe that would be right at home on a California cuisine menu. As different as they seem, Dunn said all the recipes follow three rules: they're made with corn tortillas, they have a filling, they have a sauce. They can be rolled or folded and for enchilada novices there's even a recipe in which they're layered lasagne style.
“Pastel Azteca (Aztec Cake) is a real favorite of mine,” Dunn said. “The trick there is to follow the procedure in order. Put a layer of tomato sauce, a layer of chicken, a layer of cheese and tortillas and more sauce. Keep layering and you do want to cover those edges so they won't get too dry in oven. Plenty of sauce keeps everything really, really tender.”
For experienced cooks who like a challenge, Dunn gives step-by-step methods for traditional techniques such as making corn tortillas from scratch and roasting chilies. He invites readers to dive in as he did and promises success as long as they're willing to keep practicing.
“I really think you just need to be brave. What did Julia Child say? ‘You have to have the courage of your convictions.' Of course she said that after she dropped a tray of food, but she picked it right back up.”
Pastel Azteca, which translates as “Aztec cake,” is an enchilada casserole of alternating layers of corn tortillas, tomato sauce, shredded chicken, poblano chilies, cheese and crema Mexicana.
Pastel Azteca
Yield: serves 8
For the sauce:
2 pounds Roma tomatoes
1/2 medium white onion, peeled and roughly chopped
2 cloves garlic, peeled
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
Kosher salt, to taste
For the layers:
3 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves (8 ounces each), poached and shredded. (Use your favorite method of preparation, moisten with broth, cover and refrigerate until needed.)
6 poblano chilies, divided use (2 chilies are reserved for topping)
1 1/2 cups crema Mexicana
1 1/2 firmly packed cups queso asadero, grated (or substitute Monterey Jack)
For the assembly:
12 corn tortillas
Vegetable oil as needed for softening tortillas
1 tablespoon butter or vegetable oil for greasing casserole
For the garnish:
Chopped tomato
Cook's notes: Use caution when working with fresh chilies. On completion, wash hands and work surface thoroughly and do not touch eyes or face.
Procedure:
1. To make the sauce, place whole tomatoes in a saucepan, add 3/4 cup water, cover and cook over medium-low heat until the tomatoes barely burst open. Set aside to cool slightly in the cooking liquid.
2. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cooled tomatoes to a blender along with the onion and garlic. Blend to a very smooth puree, adding tomato cooking liquid as needed to achieve a thick sauce consistency. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a saucepan, add the tomato puree and cook until it slightly darkens, 10-15 minutes. Season with salt to taste, cover and set aside.
3. Prepare the poblano chilies by placing whole chilies directly on a barbecue grill over hot coals or a gas burner flame. Turn the chilies to blacken them evenly. When chilies are evenly blistered and blackened, remove and place them in a paper bag. Place the paper bag inside a plastic bag, close and allow the chilies to steam for several minutes (until cool enough to handle). Remove skins, stems, veins and seeds and slice into strips or rajas. To maintain maximum flavor, chilies should not be rinsed with water.
4. Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Mix the shredded chicken with 2/3 of the poblano strips (reserve a third for topping).
5. To prepare tortillas, pour oil to a depth of 1/2 inch in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Heat to low frying temperature, about 300 degrees. Place each tortilla in the oil and fry for a few seconds, just long enough to soften. Drain on paper towels.
6. Butter or oil a shallow, ovenproof casserole dish that will accommodate four tortillas in a single slightly overlapping layer (about 8 1/2 by 12 inches). The dish should be suitable for serving. Spread a few tablespoons tomato sauce on the bottom of the dish.
7. To assemble the casserole, place four softened tortillas in a single layer on top of the tomato sauce, followed by half of the poblano/chicken mixture, 1/3 of the remaining tomato sauce, 1/2 cup crema Mexicana and 1/2 cup queso asadero.
8. Layer with four more tortillas, the remaining chicken/poblano mixture, 1/3 of the tomato sauce, 1/2 cup crema Mexicana and 1/2 cup queso asadero. Top with the last four tortillas and remaining tomato sauce, crema Mexicana and queso asadero. Decorate the top with the reserved poblano strips.
9. Bake in heated oven until the cheese is melted and the pastel is heated through, 15-20 minutes. Remove from oven and garnish with tomato. Loosely cover with aluminum foil and let rest for a few minutes before serving.
Source: From “Enchiladas: Aztec to Tex-Mex,” by Cappy Lawton and Chris Waters Dunn. Traditional recipe adapted by Iliana de la Vega of El Naranjo restaurant in Austin, Texas.
Contact the writer: avaldespino@ocregister.com
A few months ago, a friend of mine passed along a story he felt epitomized the lunacy of what we are witnessing in the Vancouver real estate market.
A buddy of his lived in a lovely home on the west side of the city, near the University of British Columbia. Since 1992, not a single human being had lived in the house next door, yet it had been sold and resold nine times. Not that long ago, his friend decided to do a records check on the property.
As it turns out, every owner since 1992 was from China. In two instances, the property exchanged hands between a husband and wife. After that, it was sold to various others, who would hang on to it for a while and then sell it for a healthy profit. Most recently, the abode sold for $9-million.
Story continues below advertisement
It has been stories like this that have, until now, been the apocryphal fuel that has ignited a very real backlash in Vancouver toward foreign investors, primarily from China, who are being blamed for everything from driving up the cost of real estate to destroying the city's character by tearing down heritage homes to erect soulless monstrosities that fill every inch of a property.
Exacerbating the anger has been the fact that many of these investors have left their condos and houses vacant, in a city where available rental housing is almost non-existent. And, of course, no one likes to live beside a house that isn't occupied, where the grass isn't cut nearly as often as it should be and the sense of community every neighbourhood desires is compromised. And then, of course, there have been the perennial rumours that many of these investors have been using real estate to launder money and avoid paying taxes.
Well, it is mythology no more thanks to a Globe and Mail investigation by reporter Kathy Tomlinson. Her months-long probe has confirmed people's worst suspicions about what has been going on; foreign investors, mainly from China, have been playing Canada for dupes.
Even though the jungle telegraph has been alive for years with stories about the nefarious activities of these investors, governments reacted with shock and dismay over the revelations in the Globe report; the B.C. government promised to close a relatively minor tax loophole that some foreign investors have been laughingly jumping through for years now.
But the fact is, most of the abuse is taking place at the federal level, with investors dodging income and capital gains taxes. It's an absolute disgrace and should be a federal election issue. This is not only a Vancouver problem. It's happening in Toronto, too.
I urge everyone to read Ms. Tomlinson's articles. But in a nutshell, I can tell you that, among other things, she found that investors have been lying about their income to Canadian authorities (one person claimed to make only $19,000 a year in China, while sending payments of $260,000 a year to his wife in Vancouver). In fact, investors have been moving millions into Canada while claiming to be impoverished.
The Globe looked at 250 properties that had sold recently in Vancouver for $2-million or more; 85 per cent of the purchasers had Chinese names. One-third of the properties were registered to homemakers, students or corporations, which clouds the real buyers' identity and helps them to avoid paying income or capital gains taxes.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Tomlinson's reports also exposed weaknesses in our immigration system, under which foreigners can acquire permanent resident status – which gives them access to our health-care system, among other benefits – and not pay any income tax as long as they stay in Canada less than six months a year.
I wish I could tell you I am confident that there is a deep, abiding desire inside the B.C. government to do something about the utter unethical madness we are witnessing. But I'm not. In the end, a runaway real estate market produces far greater economic benefits for the province than a few million dollars it has been losing through tax loopholes.
The far greater worry in Victoria is that any effort to crack down on what has been taking place, any legislative measures to stifle foreign investors, might just kill the goose that laid the golden egg. And no one wants that.
Ultimately, soaring house prices are good for business. Who cares if the homes are occupied?
Filibus Directed by Mario Roncoroni Written by Giovanni Bertinetti Starring Cristina Ruspoli Cinematography Luigi Fiorio Production
company Corona Film Release date March 1915 ( ) (Italy)
(Italy)
Running time 79 minutes at 18fps[1] Country Italy
Filibus is a 1915 Italian silent adventure film directed by Mario Roncoroni and written by Giovanni Bertinetti. The film features Cristina Ruspoli as the title character, a mysterious sky pirate who makes daring heists with her technologically advanced airship. When an esteemed detective sets out on her trail, she begins an elaborate game of cat and mouse with him, slipping between various male and female identities to romance the detective's sister and stage a midnight theft of a pair of valuable diamonds.
Filibus was released by Corona Film, a short-lived Turin-based studio operating on relatively low budgets and obscure casts. Though Italian reviews at the time of its release were negative, Filibus has been well received by later writers and film historians, who have highlighted the film's pioneering use of lesbian attraction, genderfluidity, and science fiction motifs, as well as its creative adaptation of stylistic elements from contemporary popular fiction. The film has been screened at numerous film festivals, and prints of it survive in archives in the Netherlands and in Italy.
Plot [ edit ]
Filibus stages the diamond theft, as shown on a contemporary poster for the film
The elegant Baroness Troixmonde has a secret identity: a mysterious burglar known to the world only as Filibus. In the wake of a bank robbery, a large cash reward is offered to anyone who can track Filibus down, and the renowned Detective Hardy puts himself on the case. The Baroness visits the notary in charge of the cash reward, and enters her own name in the competition. Encountering Hardy in the notary's office, she hatches a plan to baffle him: she tells him that she knows he himself is Filibus. Leaving the office in her chauffeured motorcar, she catches sight of Hardy's sister, Leonora.
The Baroness rides to a deserted country road, where she uses a heliograph to signal for Filibus's airship. Her crew of silent masked assistants lower a capsule, allowing Filibus to reach the airship, change into her burglary outfit, and fly to Hardy's residence. Hardy is being visited by his friend, the antiques collector Leo Sandy, who is unrequitedly in love with Leonora. Filibus, seizing a moment when Hardy is alone, uses the capsule to reach him and put him to sleep with a narcotic. She takes a print of Hardy's hand, which she will use to make a specially formed glove.
In disguise as a young nobleman, the Count de la Brive, Filibus stages the kidnapping and rescue of Leonora, leaving a print from the special glove on Leonora's clothing. The grateful Hardy invites the nobleman to stay with them for some days, and the Count begins courting Leonora. At a party at Leo Sandy's villa, they see a glass case containing his prize acquisition, an ancient Egyptian statue of a cat with priceless diamond eyes. When Sandy turns out the lights to show off the sparkling diamonds, the Count cuts a hole in the glass and deposits a note announcing that Filibus will steal the statue that night. Hardy attempts to search the guests, but to his consternation finds the glass piece in his own pocket, with fingerprints that match none of the guests' hands. At home, he realizes to his horror that the prints on both the glass piece and Leonora's outfit match his own handprint.
Hardy, resolved to trap Filibus, has Sandy plant a tiny camera in one eye of the statue and replace the real diamonds with artificial ones. That night, Filibus flies to Sandy's villa, kidnaps him, puts Hardy under the narcotic, and reaches the statue. Realizing Hardy's ruse, she locates the real diamonds, and stages the theft so that the hidden camera photographs the unconscious Hardy's face instead of hers.
Filibus returns Hardy to his home, plants one of the real diamonds on his desk, and telephones the police to alert them of the theft and kidnapping. Hardy pleads his innocence, but when they examine the diamond and the hidden camera's picture, the police are led to believe that Hardy must indeed be Filibus. Hardy fears that this may indeed be the case, if he committed all of Filibus's heists while sleepwalking. Meanwhile, Leo Sandy, escaping Filibus's assistants and parachuting out of the dirigible, is picked up by a passing car and brought back to his villa. Learning of Hardy's arrest, Sandy rushes to his assistance and gives his evidence about his kidnapping. The relieved Hardy is allowed to go free and pursue the real Filibus, whose identity is still unknown.
Intending to trap Filibus, he tells the press to announce that he has returned to his home. Filibus decides to use the narcotic to pin another crime on him, a robbery of the International Bank. This time Hardy is prepared, and seizes Filibus when she tries to administer the narcotic. Recognizing her as the Count de la Brive, he ties her up, locks her in his office, and goes to get the police. By the time he returns with policemen, Filibus has managed to get to a window, signal for her airship, and escape into the sky. A few days later, Sandy proposes to Leonora and is accepted. Just as Hardy is congratulating them, a letter falls from the sky—a letter from Filibus, telling him that they may meet again. High in the clouds, the Baroness Troixmonde, the mysterious sky pirate Filibus, laughs over her haul from the International Bank.
Production [ edit ]
Filibus in her airship
In 1914, the Turin-based film distributor Umberto Corona launched his own production company, Corona Film. The company produced 26 films before disbanding in 1918, mostly low-budget adventure films with little-known casts.[1]
Filibus, one of the company's offerings for 1915, was directed by Mario Roncoroni, probably making his directorial debut.[2] Roncoroni went on to direct La Nave (1921) in collaboration with Gabriele d'Annunzio, before moving to Spain, where his film career continued during the rest of the 1920s.[3] The cinematography was by Luigi Fiorio.[4] In the title role was the actress Cristina Ruspoli,[1] who appeared in some thirty feature films between 1912 and 1916.[5] Other players included Giovanni Spano, Mario Mariani, and Filippo Vallino.[4]
The screenplay was by Giovanni Bertinetti, a writer connected to the Futurist movement among the Turin intelligentsia; in addition to film scenarios, he wrote science fiction and adventure stories for children, as well as self-help guides espousing the Futurist ideals of "courage, audacity and revolt."[3] In writing Filibus, Bertinetti may have been especially influenced by a contemporary push to bring feminist ideals to Futurism, spearheaded by the French writer Valentine de Saint-Point's call for women to shake off oppression and torpor and to embrace the activity and independence associated with men.[3]
Themes [ edit ]
Filibus reflects the vogue in the 1910s for action-packed serial films featuring supervillains, such as Louis Feuillade's Fantômas (1913) and Judex (1916).[4] Filibus's adventures in the film also recall other early action serials such as The Exploits of Elaine (1914), as well as the Arsène Lupin novels by Maurice Leblanc.[6] (While the character of Filibus was likely inspired by the huge popularity of Fantômas, she strongly resembles Lupin in her enthusiasm for burgling and baffling for the thrill of it rather than for direct reward.)[7] The film also recalls Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset's 1913 adventure film Protéa, featuring a female spy who dons multiple disguises (albeit working under a male boss and in partnership with a male spy, unlike the autonomous Filibus).[3]
The film, while based in motifs and themes already popular in adventure serials, uses them in unusual ways; for example, the film's plot pushes the genre to the limits of its stylistic conventions, verging on a style redolent of fantasy. The screenplay also includes numerous unusual ideas, including the central image of the female sky pirate in her innovative airship[2] and the concept of a high-society protagonist with a Jekyll-and-Hyde-like double nature.[4]
In particular, the character of Filibus was novel for adventure films in presenting an all-powerful female character in full control of her life and actions,[2][7] able to move fluently between gendered identities as well as on and over the earth.[6] These themes mirror a wave of gender identity exploration then occurring in Italian culture: for example, Francesca Bertini had recently played a male protagonist in Pierrot the Prodigal, women's fashions at Futurist parties had begun to imitate styles for men, and a trickle of short action films with autonomous heroines had begun to appear. In real life, women's rights were highly limited in Italy, where married women were required to seek their husbands' permission to divorce, inherit property, or take out newspaper subscriptions, a situation dramatized in the popular diva films of the day.[3]
Filibus went further than its contemporaries not only in its title character's total independence and completely male-coded outfits, but also in its overarching critique of appearances. The American writer Monica Nolan notes that, with its multiple disguises, stealthy adventures, and psychological subterfuges, the film blurs the line between illusion and reality—so thoroughly, indeed, that "it's anybody's guess whether [Filibus's] flirtation [with Leonora] is opportunistic, genuine, or a combination of the two."[3]
Release and reception [ edit ]
Filibus on a contemporary poster
Filibus was reviewed by the censorship department of the Italian Ministry of the Interior on 25 March 1915, and was first screened in Rome on 14 April of that year.[2] Early Italian reviews of the film were unfavorable; Monsù Travet, in the journal Film, criticized Filibus for borrowing the plot point of the glove from Fantômas, while G. Murè in L'Alba Cinematografica mocked the film's special effects, which he found childish.[2] Early critics also reacted poorly to the plot as a whole, which they described as disjointed.[7]
The film's conclusion suggests the possibility of a sequel, but Italy declared war on Austro-Hungary shortly after the film's release, taking a dramatic toll on the country's film industry and possibly leading to the disbanding of Corona Film in 1918.[3] A print of Filibus survives at the EYE Film Institute Netherlands.[1] A print is also held at the National Museum of Cinema in Turin.[2]
The Cineteca di Bologna screened Filibus in 1997 as part of the Cinema Ritrovato festival, with its program calling the film "an odd and funny forerunner of science-fiction movies."[1] When the Dortmund Cologne International Women's Film Festival screened the film in 2013, its program described Filibus as "probably one of the first lesbian characters in the history of film."[5] A film festival program for the Yugoslav Film Archive, where Filibus was shown in 2015, also commented on its pioneering exploration of lesbianism in film, nominating Filibus as cinema's first lesbian "bad girl".[4] In 2017, an EYE Film Institute restoration of the film was shown at the San Francisco Silent Film Festival,[8] with a score by the Mont Alto Motion Picture Orchestra. In her program notes, Monica Nolan calls the film's protagonist "one of a kind," adding: "The special effects are endearingly low-budget, but who cares, when the action is fast-paced and just plain fun?"[3]
In a 2014 review of the film, Claude Rieffel praised the film's "elegant and elusive woman pirate" (élégante et insaisissable femme pirate), saying that Filibus's ability to pass between male and female identities made the character "a champion of transgenderism before that term had been coined" (championne avant l'heure du trans-genre).[9] The performing arts writer Imogen Sara Smith, in an essay for Film Comment on the 2017 San Francisco festival, noted that the film "zips along with crisp, deliciously absurd plotting and an effervescent lightness of touch," highlighting Ruspoli's "gracefully androgynous and slyly gleeful" performance as well as the plot's feminist themes. According to Smith, "In a summer when Wonder Woman was hailed in some quarters as a milestone for women in cinema, the audience watching Filibus (1915) at the San Francisco Silent Film Festival could be forgiven for wondering sardonically if movies are finally catching up to where they were a century ago."[8]
In his autobiographical work Balão cativo (1973), the Brazilian writer Pedro Nava describes Filibus as a film "of major importance" (da maior importância), praising the genderfluidity and mythic aspects of the title character, as well as the film's innovative use of science fiction themes.[6]
References [ edit ]
Even though Donald Trump is the president-elect of the United States, that is based on the Electoral College, not the popular vote. Hillary Clinton is winning the popular vote by an impressive margin, reported The New York Times. Plus, there are millions of votes left to count, according to the Houston Chronicle.
After all the ballots are counted, Clinton could be ahead by more than two million votes. That comes out to 1.5 percentage points.
Plus, “She will have won by a wider percentage margin than not only Al Gore in 2000 but also Richard Nixon in 1968 and John F. Kennedy in 1960,” the NYT reported.
Wow, right?!
via giphy
And if the above turns out to be correct, she'd win more popular votes than any U.S. President has, aside from Barack Obama, reported Teen Vogue.
via giphy
FYI, Obama's final 2008 tally was 69,498,516 while Bush's 2004 tally was 62,040,610.
Right now, there are approximately 60,898,528 votes for Clinton and 60,282,616 for Trump, according to David Wasserman, an editor at the Cook Political Report. He's been keeping track in a public Google document, according to The Atlantic.
“We probably have about 7 million votes left to count,” Wasserman told The Atlantic. “A majority of them are on the coasts, in New York, California, and Washington. She should be able to win those votes, probably 2-1.”
The Electoral College officially votes on December 19th. By then, Wasserman thinks Clinton could be ahead by two percentage points in the popular vote.
via giphy
Meanwhile, you have probably heard of the Change.org petition. Its aim is to get the electoral vote overturned. As of this writing, it has almost 4 million supporters.
ICYMI, based on the Electoral College vote, Trump received 290 of the 270 needed to win the presidency, whereas Clinton received 228. The Change.org petition (among others) believes the popular vote should trump (no pun intended) the Electoral College one.
Some people believe the Electoral College should have the final say. Yet others believe a true democracy would be based on the popular vote.
However, the Electoral College has been around for-ever, so changing the way that a U.S. president is determined would likely be a complex process.
via giphy
Where did the Electoral College come from anyway?!
A long time ago, our nation's founders established it so the entire nation would have a more equal say in choosing the POTUS, according to CNN. However, times were obvs different then. For instance, states were more independent. Plus, the federal government did not have as much power as they do now. And, ICYMI, states with bigger populations get more Electoral College votes.
In the meantime, Clinton seems to be receiving an outpouring of support from her fans, including Bill Clinton.
For instance, when Clinton gave her concession speech, her husband whispered, “that's my girl.” Awww. And kids have been writing Clinton chalk messages outside of her campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, NY.
Breaking my Twitter silence to share this:
There are kids and families writing thank you notes in front of Hillary HQ.
😭❤️ pic.twitter.com/CJQuityOdx — Mina Markham 👩🏾‍💻 (@MinaMarkham) November 11, 2016
Isn't that the sweetest? (And we love the “Girl Power” one!)
Many thanks written in chalk outside of Clinton HQ. Many thanks from me to everyone who contributed to this journey. I'm always with her. pic.twitter.com/dAlTCfPeCZ — Tim Carroll (@Tim__Carroll) November 10, 2016
On that note, we're ~super impressed~ that Clinton's popular vote tally continues to increase. And we hope it's inspired little girls everywhere to remember that they, too, can run for president one day.
An American state Supreme Court has just struck the first blow against greedy ticket scalpers and vendors like Ticketmaster and Live Nation, in ruling that ticket merchants charging exorbitant fees over the face value of a concert ticket illegal… you read that right.
The Consumerist reports that the Arkansas Supreme Court confirmed that the ticket seller was bound by the same state laws that prevent scalpers from adding additional fees and over-charging on ticket prices.
The case was brought to the Supreme Court after an Arkansas resident, Corey McMillan, complained of being charged $49 in fees – on top of the $42.75 asking price – for four tickets he purchased to a concert for country music singer Jason Aldean.
McMillan sued Tickemaster, claiming they violated the provision of the Akransas Deceptive Trade Practices Act that “forbids the sale of tickets above their face value plus reasonable credit card or handling fees.”
Despite protests from lawyers for the ticketing corporate, the state's highest court denied a rehearing on the matter.
Though the law against overpricing on tickets is currently upheld in just the one American state, it could set a precedent and eventually we may see similar legal action here in Australia.
It's no secret that the likes of Ticketek and Ticketmaster add additional booking fees and handling charges to their concert tickets, but The Brisbane Times spotlighted a report by Choice, a consumer advocacy group, last year that found punters were being stung with hidden add-on fees that were calculated after the purchase of their tickets.
A similar news item from The Telegraph told how Ticketmaster were taking advantage of the highly-anticpated Eagles tour of 2010, by slugging customers who purchased online tickets to the event with a ‘handling fee' of an extra $25.
Including a statement that justified the additional cost “at the request of the promoter… so that it includes Ticketmaster's own handling fee as well as a fee that relates to costs and charges associated with the use of credit cards and other expenses involved in the sale of tickets.”
Unfortunately, Ticketek and Ticketmaster are able to continually charge booking fees of up to $10 per order, precisely because they have a monopoly on the market.
The Brisbane Times, reported in the same article, “found the two ticketing giants have exclusive rights with the nation's major sport and entertainment venues – including the Melbourne Cricket Ground – which ultimately means consumers have no choice of their ticket seller when these rights are involved.”
Of course Ticketek and Ticketmaster aren't the only plunderers of the market, scalpers too often stock up big on major concert events also.
Most recently, when Radiohead announced their first Australian tour in eight years. Opportunists ended up selling tickets online through eBay for upwards of $500, prompting Michael Chugg of Chugg Entertainment (the tour's promoter) to call for governement intervention.
So without any Australian laws to stop scalpers or the fee-happy official ticket vendors, what hope is there? Perhaps the industry can look towards The String Cheese Incident for inspiration.
In a humorous bit of fat-cat subterfuge, The New York Times ran a story on the Colorado-based ‘progressive bluegrass act' who essentially bought out all the tickets to their own show from Ticketmaster, then re-sold them to fans online without additional fees.
The bizarrely expensive plan to challenge the system saw fifty fans and friends of the band taking $20,000 advanced by the group to The Greek Theater in Los Angeles, where “each person had enough to buy eight tickets at $49.95 apiece for the group's show in July. Once all tickets were in hand, almost 400 of them, they were carried back to String Cheese headquarters in Colorado and put on sale again through the group's Web site — for $49.95.”
The band's manager, Mike Luba explained the stunt as, “we're scalping our own tickets at no service charge.”
A novel approach – if a pricey one.
Why workers need to look beyond the TUC
At the TUC's annual conference, union delegates have backed joint industrial action if “attacks” on jobs, pensions and public services go ahead. The gathering backed a motion which included calls to build “a broad solidarity alliance of unions and communities under threat”.
However, we will not see “hundreds of thousands of workers take to the streets” under the TUC's leadership.
The fact that trade unionists had to stage a protest outside the conference “lobbying” the TUC to call a national demonstration says it all. We need to be taking the initiative on the streets, not begging for piecemeal protests to be authorised from above.
The TUC and the unions under its banner are essentially massive bureaucracies which mirror corporate structures. At a rank-and-file level, there are a lot of committed and extremely effective activists, but the people at the top are long-detatched from the realities of life as a worker, the bureaucrats are unelected, and decision making is done from the top-down.
Union officials will refuse to fund unlawful solidarity or wildcat actions, and use official backing and strike pay to turn action on and off like a tap. With funding and resources centralised, they will hang workers out to dry rather than violate repressive and unjust labour laws.
As part of that system and those structures, all the mainstream unions, are constrained.
Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers' (RMT) leader Bob Crow has called for a campaign of “civil disobedience.” However, whether Crow – or the other union leaders who backed his words – can do anything which will have a lasting impact is questionable at best.
He is right that waving banners and placards will not be enough. It will take direct action to defeat the cuts agenda. But he has shown no sign that he has anything to offer but bluff and bluster.
In the face of which, workers need to take matters into our own hands.
Where officials deny action, mass meetings should force it. When bureaucrats cut off strike funds, local whip-rounds and benefit events should replenish them. And if full-timers concede to management or government to bring an action to an end, the rank-and-file should ignore them.
Most importantly, actions that are legal, such as one-day strikes, should be overridden by those that are effective – occupations, wildcat and indefinite strikes, sabotage, etc.
If Bob Crow really wants “direct action” and “general and co-ordinated strike action,” then he should lead by example.
Give up your perks and boss-sized pay packet, Bob, and come agitate at ground level with the anarcho-syndicalists.
The Liverpool Solidarity Federation will be arguing for exactly this approach at the protest against the Lib Dem conference this Sunday. Join us by the Anglican Cathedral at 11.30 am, and add your voice to the Radical Workers' Bloc!
Advertisements
The lenses for the Giant Magellan Telescope at the Steward Observatory Mirror Lab at the University of Arizona. (Photo: Giant Magellan Telescope-Carnegie Observatories)
Arizona has been at the forefront of space discoveries and NASA missions, including NASA's Juno mission to Jupiter to study the planet's core. Clear skies and low humidity make the state an ideal site for stargazing, drawing scientists and researchers from around the world. Kitt Peak National Observatory, which is 56 miles southwest of Tucson, has contributed to numerous scientific discoveries, including galaxy rotation curves, galaxy evolution and environment, and research about star formation.
Here are nine contributions Arizona has made to space exploration:
Lowell Observatory
In 1930, Clyde Tombaugh identified the planet Pluto from Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff. However, in recent years Pluto has been kicked to the curb by solar-system bigwigs, meriting only "dwarf planet" status.
Lowell Observatory was established in 1894, making it one of the oldest observatories in the country.
Details: www.lowell.edu.
Clyde Tombaugh at Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz., circa 1930. (Photo: Lowell Observatory)
Meteor Crater
NASA decided this bowl-shaped cavity — 700 feet deep and more than 4,000 feet across — east of Flagstaff was the most lunarlike surface on Earth, so astronauts trained in the crater to prepare for the first moon landing.
It continues to serve as a research facility for space-bound humans and robot hardware.
Details: meteorcrater.com.
Meteor Crater is located about 35 miles east of Flagstaff, Ariz. (Photo: Meteor Crater)
Large Binocular Telescope
The Large Binocular Telescope at the Mount Graham International Observatory is the most technologically advanced optical telescope in the world.
Each of its twin mirrors measures more than 27 feet in diameter; the telescope weighs nearly 1.3 million pounds.
Details: www.lbto.org.
Mount Graham International Observatory houses the world's largest binocular telescope. (Photo: David S. Steele/Large Binocular Telescope Observatory)
ASU's Mars Research
Scientists and researchers at Arizona State University's Mars Space Flight Facility are using creating and using instruments on Mars spacecraft Mars, including Professor Philip Christensen's Thermal Emission Imaging System (THEMIS) on NASA's Mars Odyssey and the Mars Opportunity Rover.
ASU's Tempe campus is home to a full-size Mars rover model of the Curiosity Rover.
Details: mars.asu.edu
ASU professor Jim Bell explains the Curiosity rover's Mars landing. (Photo: Mark Henle/The Republic)
Home to dark skies
Arizona is home to three of 10 International Dark Sky Communities in the world. The International Dark-Sky Association works against light pollution, which wastes energy, disturbs animals and ecosystems, disrupts humans' sleep cycles and also inhibits astronomy.
Flagstaff became the world's first International Dark Sky Community in 2001, and Arizona has since added Sedona and Kaibab Paiute Indian Reservation to the total of 10 communities in the world.
Details: darksky.org
A saguaro is illuminated by headlights from passing cars on Interstate 17 south of Black Canyon City. (Photo: Rob Schumacher/The Republic)
Kitt Peak National Observatory
Kitt Peak National Observatory has 22 optical telescopes and two radio telescopes on its 6,876-foot summit.
What attracts star gazers to Kitt Peak? Its excellent observation conditions and atmospheric clarity.
Founded in 1958, Kitt Peak National Observatory has made several scientific discoveries including the first indications of dark matter in the universe and the discovery of a void in the constellation Bootes.
Details: www.noao.edu/kpno/
Kitt Peak National Observatory, southwest of Tucson. (Photo: Kitt Peak National Observatory)
Phoenix Mars Mission
The mission, led by the University of Arizona, sent an unmanned spacecraft to Mars. The craft landed May 25, 2008, in the northern region. The stationary craft was the first to confirm the long-held theory that water, in the form of ice, exists on Mars.
The Phoenix Mars Mission also found nutrients in the soil that are necessary to support life, including minerals such as sodium, magnesium and chloride as well as a salt called perchlorate. Microbes on Earth use perchlorate as an energy source.
This illustration shows the Phoenix Mars Lander as it may have looked as it landed on May 25, 2008. (Photo: NASA)
Cameras aboard the lander also captured more than 25,000 pictures, showing jagged rocks scattered over a rust-colored landscape.
Details:http://phoenix.lpl.arizona.edu/
OSIRIS-REx Asteroid Mission
University of Arizona is leading a $1 billion mission that is designed to be the first U.S. mission to return asteroid samples to Earth.
The mission is UA's largest space contract to date and is one of its more longer-term projects. The spacecraft launches in 2016, and the sample won't be returned to Earth until 2023.
The contract for the mission is the university's largest space contract to date, eclipsing the $428 million Phoenix Mars Mission in 2008.
Details:http://www.asteroidmission.org/
An artist rendering of the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft, showing the asteroid in the background and the robotic arm that will collect the sample on the bottom of the spacecraft. (Photo: University of Arizona/NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center)
Source: Republic archives.
Juno mission to Jupiter
After a five-year journey, the spacecraft safely made it to Jupiter's orbit on July 4, 2016, to begin a nearly year-long study of the gas giant. The $1.1 billion mission to Jupiter involves a science experiment from the University of Arizona.
University of Arizona professor William Hubbard, a co-investigator for the Juno mission, helped design a science instrument that will analyze both Jupiter's gravitational and magnetic fields. This study will help to uncover more about Jupiter's interior and its core.
Details:http://www.missionjuno.swri.edu/
This artist's rendering, provided by NASA and JPL-Caltech, shows the Juno spacecraft above the planet Jupiter. (Photo: AP)
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1xurtJL
1500 words
We all wonder, why are the most European men allowing what's happening at the moment in Europe. Why, for instance, did hundreds of men not intervene during the sexual assaults in Cologne on New Years? There are both genetic and social reasons for these phenomena that are currently happening in the European Homeland. Causes include genetic pacification, the Bystander Effect, BPA in plastics and of course, the media and propaganda towards people.
Genetic Pacification
From this paper by Frost and Harpending (2015), we see that between the 5th and 11th centuries, genetic pacification was impeded by the nature of law enforcement, the beliefs in a man's right to settle personal disputes as he saw fit, and the Church's opposition to the death penalty.
The impediments on genetic pacification began to dissolve by the 11th century when the Church and State decided that the wicked should be punished so that the good may live in peace. By the late Middle Ages, Courts were imposing the death penalty on .5 to 1 percent of men each generation, with just as many dying at the scene of the crime or in prison awaiting trial.
The murder rate plummeted between the 14th and 20th centuries. Most murders during that time were committed due to jealousy, intoxication or stress. The decline is attributed to longer punishments and the effects of cultural conditioning, but may also be caused by the new cultural environment selecting against propensities for violence.
I theorize that due to the culling of .5 to 1 percent of the violent European men up to the late Middle Ages is the cause of the people with ‘no fight in them', so to speak. By culling the part of the population that has propensities for violence, you're only left with those with low testosterone, therefore, less propensity to act when situations arise (such as Cologne). Due to the culling of part of the violent population, this caused the murder rate to drop from the 14th to 20th centuries, as well as leaving most that were left, unable to act under certain circumstances.
Clearly, without the culling of those individuals with a propensity for violence, we are left with what we have in Europe today: men with no heart, no fight in them to protect their women against invading peoples. But there are more reasons for this other than genetic pacification.
BPA in Plastics
Being hugely interested in nutrition, I also know of this nice little tidbit about plastics. The chemical BPA was discovered to act as an artificial estrogen in the 1930s. Since BPA has been in our plastics for over 100 years, this, along with genetic pacification, also explains another part of this puzzle on why Europe is so cucked.
The consumption of fluids in plastics with the chemical BPA shows a decrease in testosterone for men. In a study from China, men who worked in a chemical plant showed lower levels of testosterone than men who worked in a tap water plant. What was noted, was that those men who worked in a chemical plant had lower levels of free testosterone, which this form of test is thought to have the greatest effect on the body (most test is not free, but bound to a protein in the body).
Testosterone does begin to decline at around age 30 at around 1 percent per year (I have read other sources that say that it begins to decline at around age 25 at a rate of 2 percent per year), but this does not explain the cause of low testosterone in males. The effects of BPA do, though. It's been noted that the past 20 years have seen a decrease in male testosterone.
I advise all of you (women included, there are many deleterious effects of BPA on the mother as well as the baby prenatally), to discontinue use of plastics with BPA in them.
The Bystander Effect
I have seen many people wonder “why did so many men in Cologne just stand around and watch women get sexually assaulted and not intervene?”
The cause is simply answered with some basic psychology.
Rushton (1978), noted that those in rural areas gave help more often than those in more urban areas. He noted that as helping behavior decreased, the urban population increased. He goes in depth in his book Altruism, Socialization and Society on this subject, with numerous examples.
One example I remember from the book is that they had subjects in a room. The room then started filling with smoke. Those who were in there alone almost immediately phoned 911. Those who were in the room with more than themselves waited until the whole room was filled with smoke to act. When an event happens and there are more than a few individuals present, they start thinking “oh he will do something, I'll just watch”. This effect is then seen in others who think the same things. There is an inverse relationship between the number of people in any given situation and the help they will give. The fewer people there are, the more likely one is to help. The more people there are, the less likely one is to help due to them thinking the next person will.
The bystander effect was first discovered in 1964 by social psychologists Bibb Latané and John Darley. A woman named Kitty Genovese was murdered outside of her apartment. Bystanders who witnessed the event did not do anything to help her. Latané and Darley attributed the effect to diffusion of responsibility and social influences. In the case of Genovese's murder, each bystander concluded by the inaction of others witnessing the event that their own help was not needed.
There were thousands upon thousands of people who witnessed the events of Cologne. Along with genetic pacification, along with BPA in plastics combined with the bystander effect, all of these variables made it so that there would be no action, due largely in part to this bystander effect.
Socialization from Media
Finally, we have the media's involvement with the cucking of Europe.
The media can be a very powerful tool to influence behavior in the populace. To quote Rushton from the paper Effects of Prosocial Television and Film Material on The Behavior of Viewers
The chapter includes that television's strongest effects result from altering (a) a person's internalized norms of appropriate behavior or (b) a person's direct emotional response to stimuli. These two concepts are elaborated and each of the four prosocial categories (altruism, friendliness, self-control, and diminishing fears) is presented in the chapter. In this chapter, it is indicated that television has the power to affect the social behavior of viewers in a positive, prosocial direction.
If television has that much effect on people's behavior and emotional response in prosocial behaviors, of course, the reverse will have the opposite effect. Constantly telling European men that “all whites are evil, and some only ‘less bad than others'”, has yet another effect on the psyche of the European male. Being told you're constantly worthless and the cause of all of the problems in the world will lead to men beginning to think that, which is in and of itself a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Through the use of predictive programming, they can alter one's perception of the world by putting in what seems to be innocent things, but subconsciously affect the mind in a negative way. Those exposed constantly to the effects of predictive programming by the media will then begin to believe what they say due to being bombarded with its messages of worthlessness every day.
It's noted in the discussion of this paper that:
First, the mass media can attract and direct attention to problems, or in ways which can favor those people in power, and correlatively, divert attention from rival individuals or groups. Second, the mass media can confer status and confirm legitimacy. Third, in some circumstances, the media can be a channel for persuasion and mobilization. Fourth, the mass media can help to bring certain kinds of publics into being and maintain them. Fifth, the media is a vehicle for psychic rewards and gratifications. They can divert and amuse and they can flatter. In general, mass media are very cost effective as a means of communication in society; they are also fast, flexible and easy to control.
The causes of the problems happening right now in Europe are due to both social and genetic factors. The reason for the cucking of Europe is due to the culling of the most aggressive men in the late Middle Ages, BPA in plastic, along with the bystander effect and finally, the anti-white media who tells European men they are useless.
I wonder, what if anything can be done to solve this problem and get Europe their fire back to protect the homeland from invasion. To stop drinking from plastics with BPA in them is a good start. To stop watching anti-white media that tells you're worthless is a great start. To actually act when you see an event go down and not assume that the next man will intervene is a good start.
I wonder what it will take for Europe to finally get its fire back?
Advertisements
The director of National Intelligence could be investigated for perjury, following news Tuesday that he gave false information to Congress in March.
The DNI published a letter on its website Tuesday that Director James Clapper sent to the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He admitted to giving "clearly erroneous" testimony before the committee in March when asked specifically whether an NSA program existed that monitored hundreds of millions of Americans. He answered "No."
One expert says these kinds of situations involve some gray area.
"If you testify under oath before Congress and lie, you're at risk for being prosecuted for perjury," says Cary Feldman, who served as a lawyer in the Office of Independent Counsel in the late 1990s. "But that doesn't happen often."
[READ: National Intelligence Director Apologizes for Lying to Congress]
Feldman contributed to the investigation of then U.S. Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt, who was suspected in 1998 of lying to Congress about reportedly receiving political donations in exchange for denying an Indian casino license. Babbitt was eventually cleared of any wrongdoing.
Clapper explained he was confused by the question posed by Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., regarding "dossiers on millions of Americans." The director said in the letter that he also did not want to release classified information about a then-classified program.
The existence of government metadata collection has since been declassified, following reported leaks from Edward Snowden regarding an NSA program known as PRISM.
"To commit perjury, you have to do it willfully, which means knowingly or intentionally," says Feldman, now an attorney with law firm Feldesman Tucker Leifer Fidell. "[Clapper] is caught between either lying to Congress or revealing directly or indirectly classified information. It's a tough spot."
[ALSO: Clapper Says NSA Taps Authorized Only for 'Reasonable Suspicion']
Feldman points to the nuances of open sessions like the March 12 hearing. Clapper was asked whether a classified program exists. If he had followed procedure and declined to answer, opting instead to continue in a private or executive session, he all but infers the program exists and risks revealing classified information by implication.
Those with top-level security clearances also face consequences for releasing this kind of information.
Feldman says the likelihood of an investigation depends on whether enough members of Congress believe that Clapper willingly mislead them.
"It seems to me he is certainly subject to an investigation if someone wants to investigate, because he gave a material statement under oath that he admits was erroneous. That's most of the elements of perjury right there," says Feldman. "What his intentions were – since a truthful answer would have required him to reveal classified information – is the difficult part."
More News:
Thanks to NASA's Hubble telescope, planet HD 189733 b has become the first planet outside the Solar System to have its color directly measured — and, like Earth, it's blue! Unlike our home planet, though, HD 189733 b isn't blue because of liquid water — the blue color likely comes from clouds in the atmosphere made of molten glass.
Planet HD 189733 b, which orbits the star HD 189733 A, is 63 light years away in the faint constellation Vulpecula (the fox). Initially discovered in 2005 by some French astronomers who observed it passing in front of its star, HD 189733 b is one of the best-studied exoplanets. Prior to this new finding, we already knew that the planet was a hot Jupiter — a massive gas giant that orbits very close to its parent star — and that, using polarimetry, it was most likely blue. (See: Kepler, seeker of Earth-like exoplanets, is broken – and NASA isn't sure if it can be fixed.)
Today, the blue color has been confirmed by a spectrograph aboard Hubble. During an eclipse of the planet — where it passed behind the star and out of our vision — Hubble recorded less blue light coming from the star, while the other colors remained the same. This strongly indicates that the light reflected by HD 189733 b's atmosphere is blue — and thus, if we were close enough to directly observe the planet, it would appear blue. “This is the first time this has been done for optical wavelengths,” says Alan Boss, an astrophysicist at the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington DC. It wouldn't normally be possible to observe such a fluctuation from 63 light years away, but the size of the planet, plus the amount of light reflecting off it from its very-close-by star, mean that Hubble can do its thing.
As for what causes the planet's blueness, the current theory is that its atmosphere is full of clouds that contain tiny silicate particles, which absorb some light frequencies but reflect and scatter blue light. In the words of NASA, because the surface of the planet is around 1,500 Fahrenheit (815 Celsius), it's possible that it actually rains molten glass on the surface of HD 189733 b, sideways, in 4,500-mph winds. Beyond its blueness and surface temperature, we know that its orbital period (i.e. the length of a year) is just 2.2 days, and due to its proximity to its star, it's tidally locked — one side of the planet always faces the star, while the other is always in shadow.
So, except for its color, HD 189733 b is about as uninviting as it gets. Given that Earth, Uranus, and Neptune are all blue, and now HD 189733 b, perhaps the universe is full of little blue marbles. Even Mars, which is red and dusty now, is theorized to have once been blue and cloudy — before it lost its atmosphere and surface water.
Now read: The other blue planet: What Mars might've looked like, billions of years ago
As restrictions on reproductive health-care facilities have forced clinics around Ohio to close, people seeking abortion services have begun to head north to Michigan.
As restrictions on reproductive health-care facilities have forced clinics around Ohio to close, people seeking abortion services have begun to head north to Michigan.
Shutterstock
As restrictions on reproductive health-care facilities have forced clinics around Ohio to close, people seeking abortion services have begun to head north to Michigan. The Cleveland Plain Dealer recently reported that after three of the state's 14 clinics closed, some clinics in southern Michigan have reported an increase in the number of appointments by women from Ohio.
Rewire recently reported that in addition to the three clinics that have closed, two more are in danger of shuttering their doors due to the stringent regulations. That would leave just nine clinics left in a state with a population of more than 11 million. The America Civil Liberties Union has challenged the restrictions, which were put into the state's budget without debate in June and soon after were signed by Gov. John Kasich.
Lara Chelian, appointment center manager with the Northland Family Planning Centers, told Rewire that while they have not compiled official numbers, they have seen the number of patients from Ohio increasing. “We estimate 30 to 40 patients a month are coming from Ohio, and that is a low estimate,” said Chelian. “It seems to increase every week because of the clinic closures and people making appointments for late-term abortions.”
The Center for Choice in Toledo was forced to close earlier this year because it could not obtain a transfer agreement with a local hospital. The clinic's website and phone number now direct to Northland. “Sometimes they think they're calling the Center for Choice clinic,” said Chelian.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Northland treats a variety of patients from all over Ohio and other states as well. “We get a lot of physician referrals from Ohio and Indiana,” said Chelian. “We are often times the closest clinic to treat patients with fetal indications—people who don't find out until much later in their pregnancy that something is wrong.” Chelian said that Northland receives patients from all over the midwest and as far away as Kentucky.
The travel involved creates a significant barrier to access and can place quite a burden on patients. “For patients who need to terminate a pregnancy that are further along they have to have a two-day procedure,” said Chelian. “This creates a burden for them because they have to travel and then stay overnight.”
Chelian specifically cited the National Abortion Federation (NAF) for helping women who are financially unable to obtain abortion services through their Patient Assistance Fund. “We are very thankful and grateful for the NAF fund, which provides assistance for women that need to travel to access services,” she said.
Supporters of Ohio's stringent abortion restrictions claim that women are not leaving the state to seek abortion services, and that the closure of clinics has led to fewer abortions being performed. Mike Gonidakis, president of Ohio Right to Life, told the Plain Dealer that he doesn't think there is a “mad dash for the border” and that more people are choosing to continue their pregnancies or are preventing unwanted pregnancies in the first place.
“That's maddening,” said Chelian, in response to Gonidakis' comments. “It is completely inaccurate. We are seeing the direct result of clinic closures. There is still a huge burden for women to access services in this country, financially or otherwise. There are a lot of hurdles that women must navigate and they are choosing to do whatever they can to find abortion care.”
Just released: Avid Media Composer v6.5.4.2 (Mac and PC), Symphony v6.5.4.2 (Mac and PC) and NewsCutter 10.5.4.2 (PC)
ReadMe: The ReadMe is included with the downloads and will be posted to Media Composer 7 Documentation article on the Knowledge Base. Download and read the ReadMe before installing!!!
Changes in 6.5.4.2/10.5.4.2:
Mac OS X Update - Mac OS 10.9.2 is supported in this release.
Nvidia Update - This release includes the 331.65 Nvidia Driver. Do NOT use this driver if you have a Quadro FX 3700, Quadro FX 3800, or Quadro FX 4800 card. Keep your existing one active.
Color Bars Update - SMPTE RP 219:2002 High-Definition Color Bar Signal bars have been added to the Test Patterns folders. For those who don't know, this is simply a SMPTE image that is formatted for both 16x9 and 4x3 safe. Go HERE for more info.
Fixed in 6.5.4.2/10.5.4.2: There are many bug fixes in this release so customers with 6.5.x/10.5.x are encouraged to upgrade after they download and read the ReadMe document that accompanies the release.
Install Notes: Please read the Patch ReadMe and Patch Installer Instructions first.
1. Mac installers: Mac installers are full installers that include the editing application and the helper applications. You must uninstall your previous version of editing application using the Avid Un-installers located in your Applications folder before installing the new version.
2. PC Installers: This is a PATCH, so it can be installed right on top of your existing version 6.5/10.5.
Lars Chittka didn't expect much when he decided to see if bumblebees could learn to pull a string for a reward. While animals from birds to apes can solve this puzzle, it seemed unlikely that bees could solve it too because they have such tiny brains.
“I asked what may have seemed an entirely mad question,” says Chittka, a behavioral ecologist at Queen Mary University of London.
But it turned out not be mad in the slightest. In new research reported in PLOS Biology, Chittka and his colleagues got a “big surprise”: they found that bumblebees could easily be trained to pull strings for sugar water.
First the researchers attached strings to blue discs with sugar water in the middle, and then let the bees learn that these fake flowers held a reward. The next step was putting the flowers under plexiglass – only the very tips of the strings were within reach. This was the first test of string pulling in an insect.
With this training, more than half of the bees solved the puzzle, vigorously pulling the string toward them until they could drink the sweet reward in the flower. Another experiment showed that while untrained bees rarely learned this skill on their own, a few actually did. “This was even more of a surprise,” Chittka says.
The researchers also found that this new skill spread socially and culturally from bee to bee. After watching trained bees demonstrate their string-pulling prowess, 60 percent of untrained bees solved the problem on their own. And adding a single trained bee to a colony of untrained bees was enough for many of them to acquire the skill.
“This was the final surprise – there is still a common perception that humans, and especially the cultural processes seen in humans, are unique in their cognitive performances,” Chittka says. “It's tempting to assume that a large brain is a prerequisite for such phenomena.” But, as his work shows, problem-solving and cultural transmission don't necessarily take much brainpower.
Besides enjoying the insights from his work, Chittka relishes the “sheer absurdity” of watching bees solve the string-pulling puzzle. “When I first saw it, I just couldn't believe what I was seeing,” he says. “Even now, looking at the videos still makes me laugh.”
Research Article: Alem S, Perry CJ, Zhu X, Loukola OJ, Ingraham T, Søvik E, et al. (2016) Associative Mechanisms Allow for Social Learning and Cultural Transmission of String Pulling in an Insect. PLoS Biol 14(10): e1002564. doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1002564
Videos: http://plos.io/2dLyxhO
Image Credit: Sylvain Alem
The only time I have ever had to deal with a yakuza professionally, he was waving a contract. He appeared at the office with his white shoes and I-am-a-gangster hairstyle claiming that several years ago, my company had joined a corporate-tax study association. The membership agreement stipulated that payment was required for the seminars offered by the group whether anyone attended them or not. He had come to collect the millions of yen in course fees that were supposedly overdue.
This goodfella was able to produce a bit of paper purporting to be a membership application emblazoned with the company's seal. At the time, somebody might have thought it was a good idea to keep abreast of taxes, but nobody ever actually went to the seminars — who wants to hear about corporate taxes after working at a corporation all day? Anyway, the application contained language agreeing to be bound by the terms of membership. These terms were contained in a separate document, one that we were now seeing, doubtless for the first time.
Fortunately, this hood was not a very bright extortionist. Despite claiming monies due under a supposedly valid business contract, he had not bothered to bring an invoice. In fact, he wasn't even clear about exactly how much money we owed. So we sat in a conference room for a spell while he threatened us with multiplication.
“Twenty-four seminars at ¥30,000 each and 12 special seminars at ¥60,000.”
“OK, but what's the total amount?”
“An elementary school student could figure it out!”
“Great, so what's the total again? Does it include taxes?”
In retrospect, it was kind of fun. (Helpful tip if you ever have to do this sort of thing: have a video camera running.) Eventually he remembered a parking meter somewhere and hurried out, never to be heard from again.
I thought I would relay this anecdote because it recently struck me that the yakuza's way of doing things is not very different from the modus operandi of NHK, Japan's version of the BBC. While the British broadcaster is supported by statutory TV license fees (the nonpayment of which can actually land you in jail), NHK is supported by (and supports) a legion of collectors who show up at your door claiming money under the contract you signed with the broadcaster — even if you didn't sign a contract with them.
Actually, the yakuza-NHK comparison is unfair: The yakuza's approach was marginally more legitimate. At least he had a piece of paper signed by someone. The NHK's approach is to demand you sign the contract and then demand money under the contract you had to sign.
Under Article 64 of the Broadcast Act, “persons installing reception equipment capable of receiving the broadcasts of NHK shall conclude a contract with NHK for the reception of the broadcasts.” In other words, if you have a TV, you must enter into a contract with NHK. Probably nobody told you that when you bought the TV, and by the time you learn how much you are supposed to pay or the other terms of the “contract,” it is too late.
Granted, the biggest difference between the yakuza and NHK is that the latter is backed by the government. Furthermore, having an “independent” public broadcaster is deemed to be in the public interest, and supposedly it can perform this role better by being financially independent of the oft-politicized government budgetary process. Last year, a well-known Japanese constitutional law scholar was quoted as explaining that this public-interest imperative justified NHK's compulsory contracting scheme. I hope he was misquoted, because the public interest can be used to justify a lot of restrictions on freedom — particularly in Japan — but it can't magically transform disagreement into agreement.
That it is arrived at through the exercise of free will is part of the magic that makes an agreement binding as a contract. This is evidenced by the almost instinctive pairing of “contract” with “freedom of.” A contract you must enter into is thus fundamentally oxymoronic. NHK may produce some very fine programs and provide a valuable public service, but that should be irrelevant to whether the heart can be ripped out of contract law in order to pay its bills.
Moreover, if you actually read the NHK's “contract,” you would find it contains provisions allowing them to double your fees as punishment if you misbehave. What's more, you can only cancel after they confirm you no longer have a TV. The contract is vague about how they do this, but in most cases the NHK man would likely demand to come into your home to confirm it is television-free. So the contract you must sign subjects you to potential punishments and invasions of privacy — no constitutional issues there, then!
It seems obvious that the only part of contract law that matters to NHK is the part that gets them your money: the collection process. Even a contract stripped of its most basic essence provides the NHK with a means of enforcement otherwise missing in the law: Once there is a contract, they can sue you for nonpayment under it. The fact that you may not want to contract with them is a mere inconvenience.
This is where the persistent, sometimes aggressive badgering by NHK foot soldiers works its magic: At some point, the desire to avoid confrontation or bother results in many people giving up and signing, just to make them go away.
Of course, this sort of pressure has been the tool of traveling salesmen and shysters since time immemorial. A company trying to generate sales using the same techniques as NHK collectors would probably fall afoul of consumer protection laws including the Act on Specified Commercial Transactions, which prohibits salesmen from using “intimidation to overwhelm a person in order to cause him/her to conclude a sales contract or service contract.”
Contracts signed under such pressure would likely be subject to cancellation in any case. In fact, probably the only other people in Japanese society who are widely associated with ringing doorbells and demanding money are . . . yakuza, and you aren't supposed to deal with them at all. It is odd that the public interest is supposedly advanced by a public broadcaster that finances its operations through practices that the government is generally trying to stamp out.
For that matter, surely there are easier ways for NHK to collect its pound of sashimi: a lump-sum payment when you buy a TV, or how about including their charges with cable or satellite subscription fees? In fact, why not just have a Broadcast Act that actually says, “Everyone who has a TV has to pay money to NHK.” OK, that last one might be constitutionally problematic — it being a tax that benefits a specific entity rather than going into public coffers — but that would at least be more intellectually honest than a system that relies on farcical notions of contracts and a thinly disguised form of harassment.
With more people staring at PCs or smartphones, NHK is now asserting that TV-enabled computers and phones are also subject to their fees. Recent press reports also suggest the broadcaster's executive committee is at least debating the possibility of doing away with the bothersome fiction of a contract and instead seeking permission to collect fees from everyone, whether they have a television or not. This may never happen, but if the internal debate turns into a public one, hopefully there will also be some discussion about whether the NHK is still relevant in an age where countless sources of news and other content are available online.
In the meantime, the broadcaster has been using litigation as a response to a declining population of television viewers and an increasing numbers of refuseniks, particularly since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe began his fairly blatant campaign of politicizing the broadcaster's governing body. NHK has been taking people to court not just for nonpayment, but for refusing to sign their contracts as well. At a recent dinner, I had the opportunity to ask a judge if the NHK was having any success in such lawsuits. “Yes, but by sacrificing contract law” was his response.
Litigation is where your acquiescence in the “contract” process probably really helps, because if the NHK sues you for nonpayment, it can avoid the problem encountered by our yakuza extortionist: not being able to articulate exactly how much you owe. A definite sum is likely to be a basic requirement in a breach-of-contract action before even the most obsequious of “halibut judges” (justices whose primary concern seems to be how they are regarded by those above them in the judicial hierarchy, much like the halibut, a bottom-dwelling fish whose eyes can only look up). If you sign, the contract has a date that starts the meter running; this makes it easy to calculate the amount you owe. Refusing to sign means more work for NHK, because it has to file a suit just to establish when your contract came into force.
In October 2013, a Tokyo High Court panel led by judge Koichi Nanba leapt to the broadcaster's aid by declaring that a contract was deemed to come into force two weeks after NHK gave notice of its “offer.” If two weeks seems like a made-up time period with no rational basis, that's because it is, but judicial arbitrariness is apparently a small price to pay for giving the NHK a firm date from which to start the billing process.
Interestingly, just two months later, a different panel of the same court hearing a similar case reached a different conclusion. In this case, presiding judge Fumio Shimoda rejected the notion that NHK could bring a contract into force unilaterally through mere notification. He noted that there was no support for such an interpretation in the Broadcast Act or even NHK's own contract terms.
Given this split of opinions at the High Court, at some point the Supreme Court may have to issue a definitive decision on the nature of the NHK contract. In doing so, it will probably be faced with a stark choice between upholding freedom of contract (including the freedom not to contract) on the one hand, and sacrificing legal coherence to protect the interests of the vast edifice of money and influence that is the NHK on the other.
Since the Supreme Court, like the NHK itself, is highly supportive of government policies, the result of such a case seems obvious. The good news is that whatever happens to freedom of contract in Japan, your freedom to not watch NHK will almost certainly remain unscathed.
Colin P. A. Jones is a professor at Doshisha Law School in Kyoto. Law of the Land appears on the third Thursday of the month. Comments and ideas: community@japantimes.co.jp
Living on the upper floors of an apartment or condominium? New Canadian research is warning that the higher up you live in a high-rise building, the more your risk of death from cardiac arrest increases.
After combing more than five years of data, Toronto researchers found that survival rates are nearly twice as low if you live below the third floor. Cardiac arrest patients see another dip in survival rates if they're above the 16th floor, according to the findings published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal.
“The problem is when you live way high is that the time to the paramedics arriving can be longer, or the [wait for] firefighters, the first responders can be long,” warned Dr. Laurie Morrison, a senior investigator in the study conducted by St. Michael's Hospital.
Paramedics have to navigate the building to figure out the quickest route in with their equipment. They could be waiting for security personnel to let them in or for elevators to get to the ground floor before getting their bearings and finding the right unit once they reach the correct floor.
READ MORE: Quarter of heart attack patients weren't tested for diabetes or high cholesterol
“All these things are not there when you walk into someone's home. So the time to arrival of the firefighters and paramedics to the patient's bedside, or wherever they've had their cardiac arrest in a high-rise has got a whole bunch of barriers in between when they arrive at scene to when they actually touch the patient,” Morrison told Global News.
The study was led by Ian Drennan, a St. Michael's Hospital researcher and York Region paramedic. He and his team looked at data from 8,216 Canadians who suffered out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and were treated by paramedics from Toronto and Peel Region between 2007 and 2012. York Region Paramedic Services was not involved in the study.
Of all the cardiac arrests, 3.8 per cent survived until they could be discharged from hospital. Survival sat at 4.2 per cent for those who lived on the first two floors of a building. Survival rates dipped to 2.6 per cent for patients on the third floor and above.
READ MORE: How heart disease has changed over the past 60 years
The situation worsened as the researchers looked at the data for patients on higher floors. There were 216 cardiac arrests above the 16th floor – only two survived (0.9 per cent). There were no survivors for patients who lived on the 25th floor and above.
The average age of a cardiac arrest patient is 67.
Response times – the measure of time between when a call comes in and when emergency responders get to the address – rarely fluctuate in major cities. It's typically about five minutes, Morrison said. The lag in time kicks in once paramedics go from arriving at the high-rise to the patient's bedside. That can be an additional wait time of about one to four minutes, according to Morrison.
(Leo Kavanagh, Babak Najafi/Global News)
READ MORE: 5 lifestyle changes to improve your heart's health
Cardiac arrest is often confused with a heart attack. A heart attack is triggered when blood flow to the heart is blocked, while cardiac arrest occurs when the heart malfunctions and stops beating unexpectedly.
When it stops, it isn't pumping blood to the brain, which is why paramedics have such a tight window to help patients before there's a lasting impact on the brain.
“It's not minutes, it's seconds. The cardiac arrest becomes irreversible as seconds tick away,” Morrison warned.
She said there are “simple fixes” municipalities and building managers can make to cut down on response time once paramedics get to a building.
READ MORE: Male heart attack patients receive faster care than women, Canadian study suggests
Firefighters, for example, have universal access keys into buildings but paramedics in Ontario don't.
“It's not going to cost a lot of money to coordinate a switch so that the elevator is ready, waiting for the first responders,” Morrison said.
AEDs – or automated external defibrillators – cost about $500 to $1,300. The researchers recommend easy accessibility of AEDs so that they're placed on specific floors, in building lobbies or inside elevators the same way that fire extinguishers and fire hoses are within reach.
Dispatchers at 911 call centres can instruct people over the phone how to administer chest compressions, as well as how to use an AED, as paramedics arrive to the scene, Morrison said. Cardiac arrests are set off by arrthymia, or an irregular heartbeat, so bystanders need to provide chest compressions and run the AED to help revive patients. The researchers also recommend better signs on the floors and that Canadians learn CPR.
“It's essential, especially if you live in a high-rise,” Morrison said.
READ MORE: Flu shot halves risk of heart attack or stroke in heart disease patients, Canadian study suggests
Policymakers need to consider ways to alert building security personnel when a 911 call is placed so that first responders en route have easy access and an elevator waiting on the main floor when they arrive, too.
The team is hopeful the rest of Canada will collect and count cardiac arrest data.
Read their full findings in the CMAJ here.
carmen.chai@globalnews.ca
Follow @Carmen_Chai
BY: Follow @P_Crookston
Sebastian Gorka, the deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, on Tuesday hailed the liberation of Mosul, Iraq as a milestone in the fight to"crush the home of the caliphate" set up by the Islamic State.
Gorka, appearing on MSNBC, celebrated the news of Iraqi Prime Minster Haider al-Abadi over the weekend declaring victory in Mosul. Gorka credited Trump's foreign policy and the leadership of Defense Secretary James Mattis for helping Iraqi forces retake the city from ISIS.
"It's not the end of the story; it's the beginning. But it shows you what can be done in just 24 weeks," Gorka said. "We went from an Obama policy of attrition to one of annihilation under Secretary Mattis."
Gorka said that the strategic importance of Mosul makes this a development that will benefit the United States and its Middle Eastern partners.
"Remember that it was in June of 2014 that ISIS declared the so-called caliphate from Mosul," Gorka said. "This is the center of gravity of the jihadi movement, and thanks to our Iraqi partners, thanks to U.S. forces that are assisting them, we've managed to crush the home of the caliphate."
"That's real news and that's good for all Americans, for our partners, our Muslim partners in the region," he added.
Gorka said that operations in Mosul would have to continue, but now the work will largely be political.
"There are going to be continuing operations just as you had for days and days in Berlin after the end of the war, so that's nothing new," Gorka said. "You liberate a city and then up tactical mopping-up operations."
"At the end of the day, it's not just about kinetics, it's not just about body bags and killing terrorists," he added. "It's about a political resolution, which means the constituent elements of Iraq have to come to the decision that they will work together. As our founding fathers said, you must stick together or hang together."
Gorka said that these developments provide "hope" for Iraq's future. News of Mosul's liberation came two days before the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights told Reuters that it had "confirmed information" that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed.
“Green surge”: these are two words Green party supporters are beginning to say with no little relish. Britain's old political model – a future miraculous revival notwithstanding – appears to be disintegrating in the face of a multi-pronged assault by the SNP, Ukip and, increasingly, the Greens.
The last of these really believes that its time has come. At the 2010 general election, despite the crusading Caroline Lucas pulling off a historic victory in the tight three-way marginal of Brighton Pavilion, the Greens did poorly. Barely registering a single percentage point, they actually chalked up a smaller proportion of the vote than they had in 2005. Now look at them: beating the Lib Dems in the European elections, usurping Nick Clegg's party in two opinion polls, soaring party membership. The party's leader, Natalie Bennett, cheerfully talks of a “peaceful revolution” in British politics – hyperbole, perhaps, but who knows?
The media treatment of the Greens is beginning to look painfully absurd. They had an elected MP years before Ukip appropriated Douglas Carswell from the Tory backbenches; they run a council; they've long boasted a presence in the European parliament. And yet the likes of the BBC all too often prefer to act as Ukip's unofficial campaign team. Remarkable, perhaps, that the Greens are doing quite so well given the relative dearth of airtime.
A rich ex-Tory, ex-City type peddling Thatcherite economics wrapped in a rich coating of divide-and-rule xenophobia? You might as well hire a TV agent. Proffering a living wage, taxes on the booming wealthy, and solutions to the looming environmental calamity that create jobs? Don't waste the afternoon expecting a TV producer to call.
“Enormous frustration and anger” is how Lucas sums up party feelings about media treatment. An increasingly common view, it seems: the BBC's refusal to include the party in the 2015 general election leaders' debate has provoked nearly 200,000 people to sign a petition urging a U-turn, and 47% of Britons support such a move. The Greens' ceiling of support is potentially high indeed: according to Ipsos Mori, 43% of Britons would consider voting for them, nine percentage points above Ukip and only one less than the Tories.
A bit of self-criticism: I'm part of the British media, and have hardly been generous in column inches devoted to the Greens. Frustrated party members often berate me for backing policies on social justice, tax justice, public ownership and workers' rights that they loudly champion, all the while trying to lobby a Labour leadership that hardly seems receptive.
The reasons for this division on the left are straightforward: many of those who resist the Greens' flirtations have a commitment to the labour movement, to working people collectively organising for change, and an understanding that – as things stand – a general election represents a choice between a Labour-led and Conservative-led government. But media commentators of all stripes can hardly go on sticking fingers in their ears and yelping “la la la” whenever the Greens are mentioned.
An electoral system that represents a formidable block to new emergent parties aside, the Greens – increasingly giddy with success though they are – have to address a number of problems if they really are going to transform politics. Look at recent YouGov polling: while Ukip is doing particularly well among certain older working-class voters, the Greens disproportionately attract younger, university-educated middle-class types. Lucas blames a “stereotype of the Greens we're still fighting to overcome”. Let's just be brutally honest about that stereotype: an eccentric bohemian hippy, unkempt beard, John Lennon-style glasses, wading through muesli in dishevelled sandals. A bit like the old Lib Dems, perhaps: and indeed the Greens owe a big chunk of their surge to the exodus of voters from Clegg's discredited rump.
Their name defines them by the issue of the environment: today's warning from the UN about climate change inflicting “severe, widespread, and irreversible impacts” should give such a cause renewed urgency. But, however wrongly, climate change often seems too abstract, too long term an issue, particularly if you face more immediate concerns about housing, jobs and wages. The Greens are doing their best to counteract such an image. They link looming environmental disaster to the creation of hundreds of thousands of renewable energy jobs – surely crucial in a post-industrial age where skilled middle-income jobs have been stripped away by policies of economic vandalism.
After internal focus groups suggested that voters had got the message about the environmental platform, and wanted to hear what else they stood for, there has been a clear shift in emphasis. The party is talking far more about policies like a living wage, tackling the yawning gap between the highest and lowest paid, opposing austerity, building new council homes: all geared at winning working-class support.
There are other hiccups. Green-led Brighton council's attempt to overhaul council workers' allowances – which provoked a bitter strike after some bin collectors faced pay cuts of up to £4,000 – inflicted lasting damage on relations with unions. But their leader is keen to emphasise her support for the struggles of trade unionists, like care workers in Doncaster and NHS workers last month. Much of the labour movement is exasperated by a sense of directionless timidity from the Labour leadership: whether this delivers substantial shifts in allegiance to the Greens has yet to be answered.
Then there's their attitude to Labour parliamentary candidates who fundamentally share Green values. The Greens stood candidates against staunchly anti-war, pro-social justice Labour MPs like John McDonnell and Jeremy Corbyn in 2010; they're fielding a candidate against another progressive Labour candidate, Clive Lewis, in Norwich South. Emphasising that it's her personal view, Caroline Lucas says she's sympathetic to the idea of non-aggression pacts with such candidates; Natalie Bennett is far less so, wondering why such candidates choose to stand under a Labour banner. But such an attitude risks alienating those who fear that, however well-meaning the Greens may be, their function could be to split the progressive vote and deliver election victories for the coalition parties.
Farage's millionaire-bankrolled “people's army” has already turned British politics into a bidding war over who can kick immigrants hardest. Can the Greens at least trigger a similar shift in political debate on social and economic justice? As the old political system squirms, like Gulliver tied up by Lilliputians, this is one of many questions to be answered. But the Greens have earned reasonable media coverage, and it would be a democratic outrage to resist granting them it.
Buy your tickets before they go on sale to the public! Exclusive 3-day Ticket Package Pre-sale for the 2012 FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ November 16th-17th-18th in Austin, Texas
Starts Today! As a COTA VIP, you're invited to purchase tickets at Circuit of The Americas before they go on sale to the general public on Sunday, June 10th.
The pre-sale will run from today through Saturday, June 9th, so don't delay.
To Purchase Tickets:
Remember to use your unique pre-sale code at checkout: CIRCUIT
Buy Tickets Here
Remember, the pre-sale window closes on Saturday, June 9th. Buy your tickets now for the best selection.
Explore all of the great seating opportunities at Circuit of The Americas.
>> Click here for more seating information
See you at the track! As a COTA VIP,at Circuit of The Americasto the general public onThe pre-sale will run from, so don't delay.Remember to use your unique pre-sale code at checkout:Remember,Buy your tickets now for the best selection.See you at the track!
Yasiv is a visual recommendation service that helps people to find similar products.
Steam visualization shows related games in the steampowered.com store. A link between two games means a real link on the game's page to another game. This way you can quickly find the most connected game, which usually means it's more popular than other games. The data shown here does not necessary reflect actual data on Steam. I will be updating it often if such need arise.
The site is really in it's early stages and there are many things that I want to fix. But to know what's important and what's not we need your help. Please tell us what do you like and what you don't? We would really love to hear from you.
A new way to fight malaria aims to eliminate the female mosquitoes that spread the deadly disease.Scientists have developed mosquitoes that produce almost exclusively male offspring.Females are the ones that bite. And they are the ones that produce more mosquitoes. The researchers say their technique could wipe out mosquito populations in a few months, without the use of insecticides.“Mosquitoes have been labeled as the most virulent animal in the world,” said Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine. “More people die of mosquito-transmitted infections than they do of almost any other type of illness.”Spraying insecticides is one of the most effective ways to control them, but spraying comes with downsides. It can kill bees and other good insects, and cause environmental damage. And mosquitoes eventually develop resistance to the pesticide.So Imperial College London researcher Nikolai Windbichler and colleagues are trying a different approach. “We found an Achilles' heel of these mosquitoes,” he said.The insects have around 400 copies of a particular gene on the X chromosome. That's the chromosome that carries the traits making the insects female.A creature called a slime mold produces a protein that cuts that gene in one specific place.The Imperial College London team introduced that slime mold protein into mosquitoes using genetic engineering.It is designed to turn on when the mosquitoes make sperm. When it does, it cuts the X chromosome in 400 places.“You can imagine, that's pretty bad for a chromosome,” Windbichler said. “It gets destroyed. It cannot be passed on to the next generation.”That leaves only male offspring. And those offspring also would only produce male offspring. Eventually the population would crash.The research is published in Nature Communications They have more tests to do to make sure the method is safe and effective. But Windbichler says it beats the alternative.“If you compare what we are doing to, for example, insecticides, which target any insect species out there, our method is very specific,” Windbichler said. “There may be hundreds of mosquito species in the environment, but our method really only would target that one.”Baylor's Peter Hotez, who was not involved in the research, calls it an interesting and exciting finding. But, he added, “It's still a very early stage.”Meanwhile, he says, it will take more than just designer mosquitoes to beat malaria.New drugs and vaccines will be needed, along with bed nets and clearing their breeding grounds with good, old-fashioned puddle-draining.
The short-list for the UK LARP Awards have been announced. The awards ceremony will be held at the Stage Hotel in Leicester on March the 1 st and the event will be hosted by Steampunk posterboy and chap-hop sensation Professor Elemental.
The awards ceremony is in its fourth year and was developed to raise awareness about the UK's highly successful Live Action Role Playing scene. LARP mixes roleplaying game design principle with theatre production concepts and costuming expertise to create an immersive and interactive gaming experience. The UK scene is serviced by some of the finest LARP event organisers and craftsmen in the world, but apart from the odd bit of tongue-in-cheek media coverage has been mostly ignored by mainstream media.
The awards cover the various sizes and purposes of LARP events, but aren't defined by genre. Small, Medium, Large, Grassroots and Family orientated games all have their own category. Crafters, costumers and caterers are also honoured in the UK LARP awards, as are those members of the community who make a significant contribution to making the hobby fun for everyone as well as raising its profile.
We predict that Profound Decision's flagship game Empire is likely to pick up multiple awards as it is new, family friendly and quite large. Other games that are hotly tipped for at least one award is sci-fi adventure and intrigue game Pioneers, post-war horror Projekt Ragnarok and old school fantasy romp GOSH. No zombie focused games have made it to the short-list this year.
More information can be found via their website larpawards.co.uk and the full list of nominations can be found below.
Small Larp
Heart of Pargon
Bladelands
Vault 57
Disturbing Events
Balrog Games
Medium Larp
Mythlore,
New Lands
Outcast
Dark Tempus
Insurrection
Wild West
Large Larp
Empire
Lorien Trust
Curious Pastimes
Herofest
Odyssey
Family Event
Empire
Outcast
Herofest
Lorien Trust
Brixham Berzerkers
Grass Roots
Fools and Heroes
G.O.S.H
Curious Pastimes
Eventyr
5000rem
New Larp
Dark Tempus
Empire
Projekt Ragnarok
Animatium
Pioneers
Larp Producer – Foam and Latex
Tallows FX
Light Armouries
Irregular Props
Saxon Violence
In Your Dreams FX
Producer – Leather
Battle Ready
Evenlode
Darkblade
Alex Simpson Bespoke Leatherwork
Ancestor Leathercraft
Producer – Costume
Warrior's Wardrobe
Custom Costume Company
White Star Clothing
Gem's Trading Company
Mark Cordory Creations
Caterer
Kellie Sweeney
Caggle's Catering Corps
Tykes
Mhorish Goodfood
Appleby's Coffee
Creature Costume
Mandala's “The Warper”
K8 Evans “Samael”
Casey Vandenburg's “Sentinel of Caer Dunn”
Mark Cordory's “Baby shoulder Dragon”
Arty Fakes' “Elemental”
On-line Retailer
Darkblade
Larp Inn
Gem's Trading Company
Viking Store
Ledercraft
In-field Retailer (Retailers who sell at events)
Chow's Emporium
Having a Larp
Light Armouries
Coelred Monger
Das Shoppe
Non-Player Character
The Scourge, Mark Cordory at Mythlore
The Hart, Hayley Rose Murray at Fools and Heroes, Springfest
Orc, Dave McKenner at Empire
Dog, James Conci-Mitchell at Fallout 57
Manix the Druid, Ian ‘Pod' Flower at Dumnonni
Crew Member
Rose ‘Kelpie' Goldsmith
Andy Rafferty
Laura Collins
Nic Doran
Harry Lewis
Lord of Larp
James ‘JJ' Jones
Dave Norris
Simon McBride
Jerry Ferley
Nic Doran
Lady of Larp
Helen Naylor
Grace Marden
Helen Dixon
Claudia Hayley
Andrea Figgins
Life Time Achievement and Unsung Hero will be announced at the event.
Share your comments below or on Twitter @STARBURST_MAG
Find your local Starburst Magazine stockist HERE, or buy direct from us HERE. For our digital edition (available to read on your iOS, Android, Amazon, Windows 8, Samsung and/or Huawei device - all for just £1.99), visit MAGZTER DIGITAL NEWSSTAND.
CLICK TO BUY OUR LATEST ISSUE. THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION.
You'll flip head over heels for this summer's bumper crop of new roller coasters.
"It's going to be a crazy good year," says Dave Lipnicky, an economist and volunteer public relations director for American Coaster Enthusiasts , an international group with 5,000 members.
Along with a couple of petrifying new record-breakers (highest, fastest and other superlatives go with coasters like tracks and inversions), U.S. amusement parks are also investing in new technologies and family friendly thrill rides.
An 78-year-old grandmother has the time of her life during her first roller coaster ride. HLN's Robin Meade has more.
To celebrate his 80th birthday, Vic Kleman rode his favorite roller coaster 80 times. WTAE reports
"In the '70s, parks were pulling out their kiddie rides to make room for the teen-drawing bigger, faster, stomach-tightening rides," Lipnicky says. "This summer, there are plenty of those, but we're also seeing a nice balance in the major installments."
Here are 10 top new roller coasters you'll be screaming about for a long time:
Goliath
Six Flags Great America, Gurnee, Illinois
Six Flags Great America in Chicago announced plans to build Goliath, a new, record-breaking wooden roller coaster.
This new wooden coaster that debuts May 24 breaks three -- count 'em, three -- world records. It has the longest drop, the steepest drop and goes faster than any other wooden coaster.
It also flips riders head over heels in two inversions that could make the inevitable air-time and 180-degree zero-G roll seem kinda tame. Daredevil riders, with bated breath, have been keeping tabs on construction via the Goliath Cam on the park's Facebook site. sixflags.com/greatamerica
Bells and whistles:
Length: 3,100 feet
Speed: 72 mph
Height: 165 feet
Insanity: A 180-foot vertical drop that plunges 85 degrees into an underground tunnel
Banshee
Kings Island, Mason, Ohio
Like the mythological creature whose screams break glass, this new $24 million coaster with the same name is sure to terrify anyone who gets near.
Banshee, which opened April 18, is billed as the longest inverted coaster in the world. And, yes, inverted means upside down. It also has a curved drop, a dive loop, a zero-G roll, a batwing, an outside loop spiral and an inline-roll.
After months of watching a live videocam of the purple coaster's death-defying construction, eager fans have already raised some $65,000 for a Cincinnati charity supporting kids with life-threatening illnesses by signing up for the two-hour marathon the night before the park officially opens for 2014. visitkingsisland.com/banshee
Bells and whistles:
Length: 4,124 feet
Speed: 68 mph
Height: 170 feet
Insanity: Seven inversions and a 170-foot heartline finale
Verruckt, Schlitterbahn
Kansas City, Kansas
"Insane" is the literal (and figurative) translation for "Verrückt," the tallest, fastest water slide ever built.
Ever since October 1901, when a 63-year-old Michigan school teacher survived a plunge down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel, daredevils have been dreaming up schemes to ride down the 167-foot monster waterfall.
On May 23, Schlitterbahn Kansas City is unveiling a waterslide/hypercoaster that's actually several feet taller.
And while it's illegal to mount an expedition down Niagara these days (park officials didn't particularly enjoy dealing with mangled bodies), anyone with the guts to climb the 264 stairs can make the 17-story drop on the Verruckt, which means insane in German. The new attraction will be the world's tallest water slide. theverruckt.com
Bells and whistles:
Length: Straight down with a second five-story slope
Speed: 65 mph
Height: 17 stories
Insanity: Taller than Niagara Falls, 40% taller and 20% faster than its closest competitor
El Loco
Adventuredome at Circus Circus, Las Vegas
Living up to its name, this hair-raising new coaster that opened February 18 has a turn that banks to the outside, an unheard of gravity-defying feature, even among coaster collectors.
Eleven-year-old Benjamin De Los Santos of St. George, Utah, who won a contest to be one of the first four passengers, said, "I was out of my seat more than I was in it. The first drop was so crazy I accidentally said a bad word."
Don't worry, Benjamin, with each car's built-in sound system playing cheesy hip-hop and rock, your mother probably didn't hear. adventuredome.com/elloco/
Bells and whistles:
Length: 1,300 feet
Speed: 45 mph
Height: 90 feet
Insanity: It banks outside at a 45-degree angle, about 44 degrees further than the average comfort zone.
The Thunderbolt
Luna Park in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York
Just when you thought it was safe to go back to Coney Island, a new $10 million steel Thunderbolt is opening on the site of the original wooden Thunderbolt that terrified thrill seekers from the 1920s through the '80s.
If you saw "Annie Hall," it was the coaster under which Woody Allen's fictional character grew up.
Thunderbolt 2.0 is the park's first to be built since the famous, still-in-operation Cyclone. The Thunderbolt, opening in May, starts with a jaw-dropping 90-degree vertical drop, followed by a 100-foot vertical loop, an 80-foot, zero-G roll, a 112-degree over-banked turn and a custom heartline dive. LunaParkNYC.com
Bells and whistles:
Length: 2,233 feet
Speed: 55 mph
Height: 115 feet
Insanity: A 90-degree plunge
Flying Turns
Knoebels Amusement Resort, Elysburg, Pennsylvania
Most parks would have given up years ago.
But this family-owned amusement park was so determined to recreate the legendary wooden coaster that British barnstorming pilot John Norman Bartlett brought to America in the 1920s that it spent 7½ years melding its old-school thrills (read, laxer safety standards) with today's high-tech safety regulations.
Judging by the stunned reaction from riders in last October's sneak preview/soft opening, it was well worth every trip back to the old drawing board. On April 26, the park opens for Flying Turns' much-anticipated full debut season. knoebels.com
Bells and whistles:
Length: 1,200 feet
Speed: 24 mph
Height: 50 feet
Insanity: You're in a wooden chute without any tracks making very tight turns.
FireChaser Express
Dollywood, Pigeon Forge, Tennessee
Dolly Parton herself was there to cut the ribbon on this new coaster that debuted March 22.
Although it's classified in coaster parlance as a "family ride" -- and indeed riders need only be 39 inches tall to board the splashy red fire trucks -- this innovative new ride includes explosions, fireworks, more twists than an Agatha Christie novel and enough special effects that it could get nominated for that category in next year's Oscars. dollywood.com
Bells and whistles:
Length: 2,427 feet
Speed: 34.5 mph
Height: 12 stories
Insanity: Once Big Bertha explodes, you ride backwards all the way to the station.
Lightning Run
Kentucky Kingdom, Louisville, Kentucky
After a five-year hiatus and a $50 million renovation, this amusement park, formerly a part of the Six Flags brand, debuts May 24 with the new steel Lightning Run.
Joining Stella and Lola, the Twisted Twins that were originally called the Twisted Sisters until the rock group of the same name threatened to sue, Lightning Run has a sleek new car design that sends riders on a negative force camelback that will have them screaming, "Mommy!" kentuckykingdom.com
Bells and whistles:
Length: 2,500 feet
Speed: 55 mph
Height: 100 feet
Insanity: An 80-degree, near-vertical drop
Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
Walk Disney World, Lake Buena Vista, Florida
You might be tempted to sniff at the stats (it IS, after all, an all-ages coaster), but this new steel coaster at Disney World's New Fantasyland does a lot more than defy Newton's laws.
According to Disney Imagineer Dave Minichiello, the ride's creative director, this roller coaster-plus has music and interactive elements, goes outside through a forest and inside through the dwarf's mine and is unlike any ride Disney World has ever seen. disneyworld.disney.go.com
Bells and whistles:
Vultures: 2
Dwarfs: 7
Jewels: Diamonds, emeralds, rubies and more
Insanity: The car's platform rocks back and forth.
Roar-O-Saurus
Story Land, Glen, New Hampshire
Big? Bad? Not so much. But when you figure that the Story Land customer base is 12 and under (oh yeah, and their parents), a brand new wooden roller coaster that catches air is pretty extreme.
And because Roar-O-Saurus' numerous twists and turns are built into such a tight space and because it moves at a surprisingly frenetic pace, Lipnicky, of American Coaster Enthusiasts, claims this new dinosaur-led coaster packs an impressive wallop.
With 100 inches of snow in New Hampshire this year, fingers are crossed that Rory, the dinosaur, and his team will be ready to rock and roll by the park's opening on May 24. storylandnh.com
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
It's Bar-magedon!
Law students across the country endured their own exam hell this week after a glitch in a widely used system to upload bar exam answers and essays temporarily failed, meaning their answers were not uploaded or sent to various state websites.
ExamSoft, the management platform software that handles digital bar exam submissions for multiple states, experienced a severe technical meltdown on Tuesday, leaving many graduates temporarily unable to complete the exams needed to practice law. The snafu also left bar associations from nearly 20 states with no choice but to extend their submission deadlines.
Frustrated law students took to Twitter in the wake of the disaster to air their frustration with ExamSoft, creating hashtag topics like #Barghazi and #Barmagedon and likening the system failure to that of Obamacare website glitches late last year.
“Are the folks at #examsoft the same who did the Obamacare website,” reads one tweet from a Twitter user named @Huerts31.
“Thanks #examsoft for turning the first day into Barghazi,” said one exam taker under the Twitter handle @nickdaisydaisy.
“This is why it's a good idea to bring your 1946 Smith Corona 'silent' portable typewriter with you. For backup. #Barmageddon #examsoft,” reads another tweet from @Qwertz0.
Tuesday's testing session was for the essay portion of the two-day long examination period and normally takes six hours to complete. Some test takers say it took them just as long to attempt to send in their completed tests.
"There's a lot of stress with this exam. It's on your mind throughout law school," Recent UNC Law School grad Satie Munn said to FoxNews.com. "Tension is already high on that first day after all the time you put in preparing. It's like an instant panic attack when you are unable to send your essays in. I think it was sort of a breaking point for a lot of people."
It's not clear how many exam takers were affected but officials for Florida-based ExamSoft issued an apology for the issues along with an explanation for the cause.
“We apologize to the affected exam takers for the delay in processing their answer files last night, Ken Knotts, a spokesman for ExamSoft, said in a statement to FoxNews.com. “We understand that it is a stressful time for bar exam takers, and their experience last night was unacceptable to us.
"Due to a technical reason that we are still investigating, it took us approximately six hours longer than usual to process all of the exam takers' answers onto our servers. As of very early this morning, the backlog of answers was nearly fully processed and those who are uploading their exam files are not currently experiencing a delay.”
Many exam takers took to social media Wednesday afternoon, saying they were still having trouble uploading their answers.
The digital system for the exam works on users' personal laptop, which they bring to the testing facility, where they download the company's application to the computers they use to take the tests. At the end of the exam, the file closes and locks. When the user is able to connect to the Internet, the file uploads. Users cannot make changes to the file after the conclusion of the test.
ExamSoft has assured the grads that their answers were not deleted from their computers or the system and would be able to submit them in time for the extended deadlines.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said he wants James Comey to testify on Capitol Hill, but he's having problems getting in touch with the fired ex-FBI head.
'His telephone number changed since he left government service,' Chaffetz told ABC's George Stephanopoulos Thursday morning. 'So I used to be able to text and call him. I do believe he has my telephone number, but I do hope to chat with him.'
Chaffetz said to comply with House rules he's already sent a date for Comey to come testify, next Wednesday at 9:30 a.m. EST.
Scroll down for video
CALL ME, COMEY? House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz told ABC's George Stephanopoulos he has no way to get in touch with the fired FBI Director James Comey
FBI Director James Comey was spotted leaving his house in the D.C. suburbs over the weekend. Chaffetz can't get ahold of Comey because he no longer has his digits
Stephanopoulos also asked Chaffetz about the more recent news of the day, the appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller to be a special counsel, tasked with overseeing the Russian investigation.
On Twitter Wednesday night, Chaffetz sang Mueller praises.
'Mueller is a great selection. Impeccable credentials. Should be widely accepted,' he wrote.
Though he explained to the ABC News man that he wasn't fully sold on the concept of a special counsel being appointed.
'Well, I don't know if a special counsel was warranted at this point,' he said Thursday morning. 'I have not seen the direct full evidence of an actual crime.'
'I do think Director Mueller is the best possible choice he could have made,' referencing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who made the pick.
As for the House's own investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election and the tentacles touching the White House, Chaffetz said he'd like to see Comey's notes that said Trump had encouraged him to drop the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.
Chaffetz also said he was doubtful that Comey's notes actually existed, explaining 'nobody has seen them, even the reporter that did the story hasn't seen them.'
'We have asked the Department of Justice to see those documents, I've said if we need to subpoena them we'll subpoena them, but we really do need to see the full content of these materials and also talk to Director Comey,' Chaffetz said.
Stephanopoulos suggested that Mueller-led probe may prevent Comey from coming before Congress, which Chaffetz dismissed.
'That's hardly an excuse that's worked in the past and it's not going to work moving forward,' the Republican from Utah insisted.
Comey, he said, needed to speak to Congress, 'In the light of day, in a public setting.'
'Clearly, we're taking this very seriously,' Chaffetz added.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. – A former employee of the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Diplomatic Security pleaded guilty today to defrauding the government of approximately $198,000 in funds paid under the Federal Employee's Compensation Act (FECA), commonly referred to as workers' compensation.
According to the statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, James Cason Overton, 38, of Newport News, was injured in work-related training in August 2011, just months after the U.S. Department of State hired him. The U.S. Department of Labor, the administrator of FECA benefits, determined Overton was entitled to a monthly benefit equal to 75% of his salary, resulting in monthly payments between September 2011 and March 2016 totaling $198,633.67. During that timeframe, Overton answered questions about his earnings and employment on four different U.S. Department of Labor questionnaires, reporting a total of only $2,330 in earnings. According to the statement of facts, Overton knew that he made false statements about his earnings and employment on each questionnaire because he omitted from the questionnaires that he was the president and majority owner of a company identified in court documents as COMPANY A. During the time Overton was paid FECA benefits, COMPANY A received approximately $260,000 in government contracts, including contracts from the U.S. Department of State, exceeded $2,078,219 in gross profits, and Overton was personally paid approximately $370,000 in salary or other earnings.
According to the plea agreement, Overton agreed to restitution and forfeiture for the entire amount of the FECA benefits he fraudulently received. He also agreed to pay $3,650 in restitution to the U.S. Department of Education because, according to the statement of facts, he made false statements about his income that led to his receipt of Federal Pell Grants at a university he attended.
Overton pleaded guilty to theft of government funds, and faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison when sentenced on September 22. Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties. A federal district court judge will determine any sentence after taking into account the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.
Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Steve A. Linick, Inspector General for the Department of State; Aaron R. Jordan, Assistant Inspector General for Investigations with the U.S. Department of Education Office of Inspector General; and Andrew W. Vale, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office, made the announcement after Senior U.S. District Judge Claude M. Hilton accepted the plea. Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian D. Harrison is prosecuting the case.
Pakistan Army will help conduct PSL final in Lahor, Says Army Chief Bajwa Posted: Feb 15, 2017 • 01:03 PM by Akshay Somani
Islamabad, Feb 15 ( ) Undeterred by the suicide attack in Lahore that claimed at least 16 lives, Army chief Gen Qamar Javaid Bajwa on Tuesday said the Pakistan Army will extend full support in hosting the Pakistan Super League final in the Punjab capital.
General Bajwa, on a visit to Corps Headquarters in Lahore, said that the attack was an attempt to sabotage the PSL final. "Army will extend full support to all concerned for holding the event as scheduled," he added.
He went on to say that such incidents could not lower their resolve to fight terrorism.
"Army will extend full support to all concerned for holding the event as scheduled," the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) quoted the army chief as saying.
IPL auction : Rs 2 crore base price for Ishant, Mathews Stokes, Morgan
"Terrorists of all hue and colour, their masters, financiers, planners and abettors including from outside will be hunted across the country, held accountable and responded to. Our gains over the years cannot be reversed," the army chief said.
He appreciated efforts of intelligence agencies in tracing culprits of Monday night blast which have resulted in important apprehensions overnight including few Afghans.
He directed to expedite efforts to unearth complete network.
Earlier PSL Chairman Najam Sethi said the league's finishing game will be held in Lahore if cricket fans and citizens of Pakistan were ready to watch the match without foreign players.
Photo: UUSC/Flickr A California water activist
Is access to safe, clean water a human right?
It's not in the U.S. Constitution. The word water appears only once in the Constitution, in a provision that permits Congress to auction off enemy warships. The Bill of Rights guarantees all sorts of things, like the right to refuse overnight accommodations to U.S. soldiers, but it doesn't say anything about a glass of water. Then again, the founding fathers rarely drank the stuff (they preferred hard cider). And it was hard to foresee the Flint water scandal—or even indoor plumbing—in 1791.
The U.S. Code contains thousands of mentions of water, but nowhere does it state that water is a human right. In fact, the only such statement I could find in the whole of U.S. law is in the California Water Code, which boldly declares that “every human being has the right to safe, clean, affordable, and accessible water.” Two sentences later, however, the code undercuts its guarantee with a teeny detail: The government doesn't have to actually provide the water. It's the legislative equivalent of “Just sayin'.”
On the international front, the United Nations General Assembly voted in 2010 to recognize “the right to safe and clean drinking water as a human right.” But here, again, there are caveats. First, the U.N. permits the “progressive realization” of human rights. Countries must only do their best with the resources available to provide water. Therefore, the 1.1 billion people worldwide who lack a water tap are not suffering a human rights violation, as long as their governments are making an effort. The other major caveat is that the U.N. declaration does not apply to Americans. The United States and 40 other countries abstained from the U.N. vote to recognize access to water as a human right.
This is only the beginning of the inquiry, though.
Human rights come in many forms; they aren't all prohibitions hammered into the stone tablet of the Bill of Rights. Americans tend to talk about only this kind of right, though. For this, I blame Thomas Jefferson.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Jefferson's passage is so beautifully clear that it has come to define the word right in the American mind. But he is describing just one kind of right: the preexisting negative right. Preexisting because it doesn't need a government to create it, and negative because it describes something the government cannot do: It cannot take the right away. Leave us alone to pursue happiness, Jefferson says, and we'll be fine. Most of the rights in the Bill of Rights are corollaries to Jefferson's description, but the Bill doesn't ever claim to be a complete and exclusive list of human rights.
Positive rights are not foreign to the U.S. Constitution, by the way. The guarantee of a jury trial, for example, is arguably positive. The government must take an action to provide it.
Now, answer these questions: Do you have a right to participate in the Social Security system? Do you have a right to be free from discrimination in the workplace? Of course you do. You will not find these rights in the Constitution, though.
Harvard law professor Cass Sunstein argues that President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal–era programs represented a second Bill of Rights—positive human rights based on the idea that the government must provide a basic standard of living to all citizens through statute and regulation. Since FDR's death, many of these promises, like the guarantee of a basic income in old age, have become quasi-constitutional and nearly as sacred as the Bill of Rights itself.
Which brings us back to water. Clean, safe drinking water belongs in this category, according to a forthcoming paper by Suffolk University law professor Sharmila Murthy. A web of state laws and federal statutes—from the Clean Water Act to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act to the Safe Drinking Water Act—stands for the proposition that providing safe, clean water is an absolute government obligation. Public outrage at the recent wave of drinking water crises also supports the idea that the American public views access to clean water as a basic human right. It hardly matters that the founding fathers failed to mention it in the Bill of Rights.
Viewed from this perspective, the question is not whether a human right to water exists, but whether our state and federal governments are fulfilling it. The answer, for the residents of Flint, Michigan, Hoosick Falls, New York, and Jackson, Mississippi, is clearly no.
The United States has a shameful history of denying basic rights to people of color, and the concentration of water violations in African-American communities echoes those injustices. The United Nations Special Rapporteur on the human right to safe drinking water and sanitation suggested in 2014 that the city of Detroit, by shutting off water to poor African-American families, had failed in its obligation to fulfill water rights in a nondiscriminatory fashion. The NAACP and ACLU have made similar claims.
Water administrators have a saying: “Water is God's gift . . . but He forgot to lay the pipes.” It's time for the state and federal governments to accept the idea that responsibility for some human rights falls to them.
onEarth thanks Sharmila Murthy of Suffolk University Law School and James Salzman of UCLA School of Law, author of Drinking Water: A History.
onEarth provides reporting and analysis about environmental science, policy, and culture. All opinions expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the policies or positions of NRDC. Learn more or follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
FFA confirms Beckham's interest in the A-League
Updated
Football Federation Australia has confirmed it has been approached by David Beckham's management in relation to a stint in the A-League this season.
It has been reported that the English superstar is interested in a short-term A-League contract playing up to 10 games once the US season ends next month.
The former Manchester United and Real Madrid midfielder has another year left on his contract with the LA Galaxy but will be allowed to play abroad during the off-season.
Beckham has previously played for AC Milan after the 2009 and 2010 MLS seasons.
The FFA spokesman said discussions were at an early stage but the organisation was delighted by the approach from one of the biggest names in the game.
"The approach from David Beckham's people is another sign of how much the A-League has grown in stature on a global basis," the spokesman said.
"Beckham is superstar on the world stage and he would be another massive signing for the A-League after the arrivals of Alessandro Del Piero, Emile Heskey and Shinji Ono.
"But this approach remains at a very preliminary stage.”
During his time with the Galaxy, Beckham has played against Sydney FC, Newcastle and the Melbourne Victory in friendly matches and, when asked, always said he was open to the possibility of playing in Australia.
Beckham earns about $4 million per season in the US but it is believed money is not his main motivation in seeking a playing stint in Australia.
The FFA has been approached to assist in putting together a financial package for Beckham which is expected to be propped up by a sponsor keen to take advantage of Beckham's drawing power.
Beckham was capped 115 times for England, the record for an outfield player, and led his country on 58 occasions.
After playing a part in Manchester United's double-winning side of 1995-96, Beckham was launched into stardom later that year when he scored a goal from inside his own half against Wimbledon.
The following year when he began dating future wife, Spice Girl Victoria Adams, he became entrenched as Britain's best known sports star, a status he has retained ever since.
In a career of highs and lows, Beckham's sending-off against Argentina in 1998 was blamed for England's exit from the World Cup in France and an effigy of him was hung outside a pub in his native East London.
The following year he won the treble with United and in 2000 was named as England captain.
A last-minute free kick against Greece sealed England's qualification for the 2002 World Cup where he went on to score a penalty in England's victory against Argentina.
Despite this success and his undoubted effort as skipper, he was unable to end England's trophy drought and was the face of the so-called underachieving 'golden generation'.
In club football, a falling out with Sir Alex Ferguson saw him leave his boyhood idols for Real Madrid in 2003, where again he was part of an outfit, known as the 'Galacticos', that was less than the sum of its parts.
He won a solitary la Liga title there in his last season at the club.
Beckham then moved to the LA Galaxy in a record-breaking deal for the US MLS league and he has since been followed by other stars at the end of their careers, such as Thierry Henry and Tim Cahill.
Topics: sport, soccer, england
First posted
The Right Ceiling
When the Congressional Budget Office, deficit commissions like Bowles-Simpson and business leaders like Warren Buffett about fiscal sustainability, they refer to debt as a share of the economy or GDP. So do the President's budget and the House Republican budget.
The current debt limit caps borrowing at an arbitrary amount of $16.7 trillion. The absolute debt level isn't a good measure of a nation's budget picture, because it does not take into account the size of the economy that is paying the debt. The U.S. will rack up almost two times Greece's economy in debt this year. But while Greece has to pay 10% interest to get investors to buy its bonds, our interest rates touched historic lows. Our economy is larger and stronger, and the U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio is around 75%, while Greece's is twice that much at over 150%.
Debt-to-GDP also rewards policies that boost economic growth and drive down the ratio, which should be appealing to both parties. Even if tomorrow's Congress agreed on a solution to cut the annual deficit and speed growth, we'd still hit the current debt ceiling's absolute cap.
If Congress and the president can find common ground on a more accurate target, they would also have the chance to design a more responsible enforcement mechanism if it were breached. Default isn't just dangerous. It destroys faith in government financing, the very thing that the debt ceiling is supposed to protect. When we approached the debt limit in 2011, the Government Accountability Office found that “uncertainty in the Treasury market…led to higher Treasury borrowing costs,” adding more than a billion dollars in extra debt that year. Defaulting on our obligations for the first time would surely cause more uncertainty and could raise borrowing costs permanently, adding billions more to our debt.
A more responsible way to enforce the new debt limit would trigger spending cuts and/or revenue increases when debt-to-GDP ratio officially crossed a new threshold.
In fact, the Administration put forward this type of target in a quickly-forgotten proposal to the "Supercommittee" in September 2011. This plan would have required the government to act sensibly to pay down the debt and reduce the debt-to-GDP ratio in economic expansions, and made exceptions to allow for spending in response to an economic downturn or national security crisis.
After all, sometime you need debt to bail out a weak private sector, just as this government (and the previous government under Bush) did in response to the crisis. Today's blunt debt-ceiling instrument can't distinguish good debt from bad debt. But a better debt limit could.
A Way Out
Both parties would no doubt argue over the target and enforcement mechanism. Republicans would want a low target and cuts to back it, while Democrats would want a higher target enforced by a combination of revenue and spending reforms. But having this debate is far better than the debate we are having now over a flawed measure and the threat of a default.
Sam Hinkie had such a good first draft as Sixers GM, he even made some history.
After making a series of trades to end up with the 54th overall pick, the Sixers took Arsalan Kazemi in the second round of the NBA Draft on Thursday.
Kazemi, a 6-8, 225 lb power forward who played at Oregon, is the first Iranian player to ever be drafted into the NBA. It is unlikely, however, that Kazemi will play for the Sixers next season- he will most likely end up on the team's D-League team.
Here is a scouting report on Kazemi from NBA Draft Express:
Kazemi is another prospect who elected not to attend Portsmouth but found himself left out of Chicago, which added to the urgency of his situation in this 60-minute workout. Kazemi did a terrific job of reminding scouts of what he brings to the table, as he was dominant at times as a rebounder on both ends of the floor, and also showed solid potential in other areas as well, which will certainly help his cause. Kazemi spent a decent amount of time defending the perimeter in New Jersey as his team had more big men than guards, which ended up working out in his favor. He did a solid job in both straight-up man to man situations and as a pick and roll defender, moving his feet well, coming up with a number of deflections and steals, and looking very much under control despite the reckless abandon he plays with. Offensively, he made good decisions, passing the ball effectively and finishing the looks created for him around the basket.
Follow Eliot Shorr-Parks on Twitter at @EliotShorrParks
choi + shine architects: the land of giants
‘the land of giants' by choi + shine architects
all images courtesy choi + shine architects
american firm choi + shine architects recently received the 2010 boston society of architects award for unbuilt architecture for their project ‘the land of giants', which they originally designed for the icelandic high voltage electrical pylon competition back in 2008.
making only minor alterations to well established steel-framed pylon design, the architects created a series of towers that are powerful, solemn and variable. these iconic pylon-figures will become monuments in the landscape.
the pylon-figures can be configured to respond to their environment with appropriate gestures. as the carried electrical lines ascend a hill, the pylon-figures change posture, imitating a climbing person. over long spans, the pylon-figure stretches to gain increased height, crouches for increased strength or strains under the weight of the wires.
the pylon-figures can also be arranged to create a sense of place through deliberate expression. subtle alterations in the hands and head combined with repositioning of the main body parts in the x, y and z-axis, allow for a rich variety of expressions. the pylon-figures can be placed in pairs, walking in the same direction or opposite directions, glancing at each other as they pass by or kneeling respectively, head bowed at a town.
the various configurations of the pylons
despite the large number of possible forms, each pylon-figure is made from the same major assembled parts (torso, fore arm, upper leg, hand etc.) and uses a library of pre-assembled joints between these parts to create the pylon-figures' appearance. this design allows for many variations in form and height while the pylon-figures' cost is kept low through identical production, simple assembly and construction.
sketch of the pylon design
Canon 100-400mm IS Mk II, Lensrentals.com, 2015
You know Aaron and I love doing teardowns of almost anything. The two types we look forward to most, though, are Sony cameras and Canon lenses, because those tend to be on the cutting edge of engineering elegance. For a couple of weeks now, we've been wanting to sink our screwdrivers into the new Canon 100-400mm IS Mk II lens, and yesterday we finally got a few free hours to do it.
For those two or three of you who don't like a little lens strip-tease I'll give you the quick summary: the build quality on this thing is amazing. I usually laugh when people describe a lens as “built like a tank” because what I know is the lens they are describing has a thick, heavy outer metal shell filled with tiny delicate pieces that break and wear out with great frequency. But this lens is built like a tank inside and out.
The New Tripod Mount
Yeah, I know, taking off the tripod mount isn't part of the teardown. But this mount is entirely new and different, plus it kind of gives notice of the build quality to come. The actual foot removes, of course, via the little thumbwheel.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
It's just a foot, but note that there are two large and four small locking posts to keep it from slipping. It also can't be mounted in reverse fashion, but I'm sure not too many people will want to do that anyway. It's also nice that where the foot mounts to the ring is a replaceable locking plate, meaning that if you are strong enough to strip out the female threads, just the plate can be replaced, not the entire ring. That's the difference between a $10 part and a $150 (my guess on costs, but probably accurate) part replacement.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
With the plate removed you can loosen the ring and slide it around to reveal the large screws that mount the ring to the barrel. I'll note here that you can't remove the ring without partial disassembly of the barrel, so no need to try taking them out at home. Again, I'll point out those are big screws with washers around them, double the size of the screws we usually see assigned to this kind of task.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Taking the Back Off
The lens mount comes off in the usual fashion so I won't take up bandwidth with pictures of that. Once it's off, though, we saw one thing we'd never seen before. The shim (red arrow) that is used to space the mount properly for infinity focus has screws (green arrows) holding it in place. I have no idea why, the mount screws pass through the shim and would hold it just fine, but there must be some purpose.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
With the shim removed, a normal Canon main circuit board is revealed.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Underside of the PCB. All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Removing the board gives access to the eight large screws (four to six is what we would have expected) holding the rear barrel in place.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Removing these lets the rear barrel slide right off.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
The design here, like most Canon designs, is nice and modular. The rear barrel assembly includes the tripod ring (which could now be removed if we wished) and all of the switches, meaning the flexes and connections are all contained in this replaceable assembly.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Taking the rear barrel off lets us see one of the first examples of the robustness engineered into the new 100-400 Mk II. The rollers (red arrow) that the focusing assembly rotates on are huge metal bearings, about twice the size of what we see in most telephoto zooms. These are more the size we'd expect in big super telephoto prime.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Back to disassembling now. Removing the focus rubber gives access to small openings that let us remove the collars under the focusing ring.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
With those out of the way the USM motor assembly lifts right off in one modular piece.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
After which the focus ring can be taken off.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
With all of the back assemblies off, the bulk of the lens looks like this. You can start to notice how large the various collars and rollers are. And everything we've removed up until now has been an electrical or mechanical assembly. All of the glass and optics are still intact.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Smooth-Tighten Ring
Normally I wouldn't spend so much time on this assembly, but in the original 100-400 IS L, the smooth-tighten ring was a part destined to fail eventually, using about 1,000 tiny ball bearings to move friction pads around. The new lens has a very different and much more durable (at least in appearance) mechanism, which is entirely different.
Looking up into the smooth-tighten ring from below you can see the spring clips that hold it in place at the stop.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Removing a plastic stop lets us rotate the assembly and remove it from the lens.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Back on the lens barrel, you can see how thick and firmly attached the spring clips are – and those are just so you feel when the ring moves into certain positions, they don't have a tightening function.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
The smooth-tighten ring itself separates into two parts.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Which lets us see how friction is generated by two thick ramps (one on each piece) – sliding the ring increases tension. No ball bearings to fail. I guess the metal ramps could wear over time, but that shouldn't have a great effect; you just slide them a bit further.
The Optical Assembly
This is where things get fun. Before we do anything else, let's just take a look at the back of the lens, where the various barrels, helicoids, and helicoid collars are largely visible. First, look at the helicoid collars for the focusing and zoom groups (I believe) identified by the red arrows. Those are huge and robust things; I'll show you a comparison in a second. Additionally, look at the lower helicoids – there are six channels, of which two are visible (one marked with the lower red arrow). Most lenses have three channels and collars. That's a huge amount of increased stability when the barrel extends away from the lens.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Next look at the eccentric optical adjustment screws identified by the green arrows. Those are much larger than usual, which allows for much finer adjustments. They're also separated into tilting and centering screws at each of three locations around the lens. This should allow not only more accurate adjustments, but adjustments that are less likely to slip over time. I'm extremely impressed.
Below is a size comparison from one of the smaller 100-400 Mk II collars and the largest collar in the original Canon 24-70 f/2.8 lens, which until now I would have called a fairly large collar. Notice the 100-400 collar (the white one) is not only larger and thicker, it's made of a very tough nylon and has a brass center, compared to the simple composite of the 24-70 collar.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
OK, back to our regularly scheduled disassembly. Removing the front makeup rings and a stop key lets us slide the last outer barrel (zoom ring) off of the lens.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Which now looks like this with the barrel fully extended.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
We have to remove the zoom locator brush, and then a series of screws and sliders (the black screw below the brush Aaron is removing in this picture is one of them) to remove the front barrel.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
Here is a close-up of the thick brass sliders that are under the screws. They keep the barrel straight when it zooms, which is critical for keeping the optics in line. Most zoom lenses just have plastic guides, not brass, and not nearly this robust.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
That's got everything disassembled down to the individual lens elements. The front element is still in the extending barrel in Aaron's right hand. The front element in this lens is not adjustable other than a distance slider, the optical adjustments are in the other elements.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
All of the other elements and all of the adjustable collars are in the main optical assembly in Aaron's left hand.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
You can't see all of them in one view, but there are a number of different optical adjustment locations. It will take us a while to figure out which control what types of issues. The IS unit, by the way, is the top group in the optical assembly, the second group overall from the front.
All images credit Roger Cicala, Lensrentals.com, 2015
I know I can't really, without showing you dozens of other lenses, do a good job of impressing you with just how robustly engineered this lens is. I will say that the insides look more like what we'd expect to see in a 500mm f/4 or 600mm f/4 lens, rather than a telezoom. It's by far the most heavily engineered zoom lens Aaron and I have ever seen; and we've seen the insides of dozens of lenses in this range.
Well done, Canon engineers, well done!
Roger Cicala and Aaron Closz
Lensrentals.com
February, 2015
by RUSS STEWART
In the Byzantine, convoluted, treacherous, macho, nepotistic world of Hispanic politics in Chicago, where testosterone is never in short supply, there has always been an "El Hombre Grande" — the big man — and there always are plenty of tiny men and tiny women.
As a result of embarrassing setbacks in 2014 and 2015, Joe Berrios is no longer "El Hombre Grande." That title now belongs to state Representative Luis Arroyo (D-3), who is soon to be the 36th Ward Democratic committeeman. Berrios, despite being the county assessor, the county Democratic Party chairman and the 31st Ward Democratic committeeman, is now a tiny man.
According to sources in the North Side predominantly Puerto Rican wards, where Berrios has long been dominant, only the intercession of Arroyo's mentor, former alderman Dick Mell, acting at the behest of Alderman Ed Burke, Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan and Illinois Senate President John Cullerton, is delaying Berrios' demise. Why is that? Burke, Madigan and Cullerton have law practices that concentrate heavily in commercial property tax reduction. As is customary, the law firm handling the assessed valuation appeal, whether before the assessor's office or the Board of Review, gets a fee equal to one-third of the first year's property tax reduction. That equates to hundreds of thousands of dollars, for the big boys and other lawyers, who pick up a few scraps and who show their appreciation by donating to Berrios and other Democrats.
Of course, every dollar not paid by well connected corporate commercial property owners is passed along to residential property owners. Every taxing body submits a revenue request early in the tax year. The owner's first tax installment is 55 percent of the previous year's total tax. During the period of January to April, a blizzard of appeals is filed with the assessor's office, and then with the Board of Review. Millions of dollars in reduced valuations are granted. When the second installment is due, residential property owners get a 10 to 15 percent kick because commercial property owners are paying less than projected, and the big boys make it happen.
Berrios is part and parcel of this system. The big boys need him, and now they're saving him. Berrios was elected as a state representative in 1982, Illinois' first Hispanic legislator. He was part of the 31st Ward machine built by Tom Keane, who went to jail. In 1988 Berrios was elected as one of three commissioners on the Board of Tax Appeals (now the Board of Review), an obscure but powerful entity which can reduce one's property taxes by 20 to 50 percent after a 90-second "hearing" in a room in the County Building crammed with 200-plus lawyers and a bunch of staffers (all of whom aim to please), amid chaos. To be sure, more than "clout" is needed. Appellants must submit appraisals, profit/loss statements or vacancy affidavits to secure a reduction, but rare is the instance where there is no reduction. There is almost as much money being made on the sixth floor as there is on Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
While a was an appeals board commissioner, Berrios always managed to raise $300,000 to $500,000 in campaign funds annually, mostly from lawyers who practiced before the board. That solidified his hold on the 31st Ward, where he became the committeeman in 1992. Berrios' ally, Ray Suarez, became the alderman in 1991. Berrios got his daughter Toni elected the area's state representative in 2002. According to press reports, he put 18 to 20 family members on his or some public payroll. He upgraded to assessor in 2010, when Jim Houlihan retired, winning the Democratic primary with 35 percent of the vote. When Tom Lyons died in 2007, Berrios became the county party chairman.
For the big boys, having an assessor that they have gotten elected is more important than the Board of Review. The assessor's office, with minimal fuss and publicity, can with no oversight reduce a property's assessed valuation before the tax bills are even calculated. The Board of Review reduces it after the tax bill is issued.
"He wants one more term, and Mell is trying to get it for him," one insider said of Berrios, whose term as assessor expires in 2018. So, too, do the big boys, who are ever so eager to keep Berrios in office until 2022.
That isn't going to be easy. In his political base, the Belmont Cragin-Humboldt Park-Avondale-area 31st Ward, Berrios is politically toxic. His reputation for favoritism, nepotism and cronyism has prompted widespread voter revulsion. In 2014 Toni Berrios lost the primary for state representative to Will Guzzardi by 1,833 votes (while carrying the 31st Ward by just 272 votes), even though Madigan and Berrios pumped upwards of $700,000 into her campaign. This year Suarez, despite having $1,307,009 on hand as of Jan. 1 (along with Berrios' $1,255,015), lost re-election to Milly Santiago, who was backed by Mell and Alderman Nick Sposato. Suarez spent $335,265 and Berrios spent $277,050, to $60,172 for Santiago, and he still lost by 79 votes. In the mayoral race, Berrios and Suarez publicly backed Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who lost the 31st Ward 5,265-3,192. The Democratic Party chairman couldn't deliver his own ward. In the adjacent, newly created, 36th Ward, the Berrios-Suarez machine tried to thwart Arroyo and ram Omar Aquino down the voters' throats.
Arroyo backed Gil Villegas, who beat Aquino 4,594-3,656 in the runoff.
For Berrios, that's strike four, but he's not out.
Enter Mell. The presumption is that Santiago, now alderman, will run against Berrios for committeeman in 2016 and that Berrios, to keep Arroyo busy in his 36th Ward, will run Aquino against him for committeeman. That would be a battle of epic proportions. If Berrios lost for committeeman, he couldn't be the county party chairman, and if he's not the chairman in 2017, he won't be slated for assessor in 2018.
However, that won't happen. Mell has brokered an intricate deal whereby Santiago and Aquino stand down, Berrios, Arroyo and Sposato run unopposed for committeeman in March, Suarez gets slated for a 2-year term on the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District, Guzzardi, who surprisingly has been a loyal cog in the Springfield Madigan machine, gets a free pass in 2016, and Berrios, who has a penchant for stuffing the bench with Hispanics, will not get to pick the nominee for any of the three 6th District subcircuit vacancies. The slated judicial candidates will be Anna Loftus, Richard Cooke and Carlos Claudio.
Of course, Berrios will abdicate his throne to Arroyo, who now has the most potent precinct organization in the Puerto Rican wards, able to field up to 300 workers. Arroyo, who was long allied with Mell (but not Berrios), proved his chops several years ago.
Mell, then an alderman, created a new Hispanic-majority 36th Ward which included Arroyo's home in the old 36th Ward, represented by Sposato, who was pushed into the 38th Ward. Arroyo was supposed to be the new alderman, but then Berrios decided that he wanted to name the alderman and that it would be the 26-year-old Aquino, the son of Suarez's best buddy, so a swap was engineered: Arroyo stayed in Springfield, his son Luis Arroyo Jr. got the 8th County Board District seat in 2014 (with Berrios dumping Edwin Reyes), and Aquino was to get the aldermanic spot in 2015. However, the deal collapsed.
Arroyo decided he was not going to concede his 36th Ward to Berrios. He recruited Villegas and Santiago. Although Arroyo quietly endorsed Emanuel, he had his workers (in both wards) link Santiago and Villegas with Chuy Garcia. It worked.
Among the collateral casualties of Berrios' demise are several of the Hispanic aldermen who once were part of Mell's and Berrios' pro-Emanuel "Gang of Five" — Suarez, Rey Colon (35th), Joe Moreno (1st), Ariel Reboyras (30th) and Roberto Maldonado (26th). Suarez lost to Santiago, who is anti-Emanuel, and Colon lost to Carlos Ramirez-Rosa, who also is anti-Emanuel. Villegas, Arroyo's alderman, has pledged to be an independent, and Moreno, who has evolved into being anti-Emanuel, is pondering a run against Berrios for assessor in 2018. Wait for the big boys to weigh in on that bright idea. As for Maldonado and Reboyras, they will go with the flow, according to the Hispanic source, meaning that they're Arroyo's new best buddies.
But what about the big man? That's U.S. Representative Luis Gutierrez (D-4), age 61. In 1986 Gutierrez ran as the pro-Harold Washington candidate and won the 26th Ward aldermanic seat. When the 4th U.S. House District was created in 1992, stringing together the North Side Puerto Rican wards west to Cicero and Berwyn and east to the South Side Mexican-American wards, Gutierrez won it. The district is 72 percent Hispanic. Under the federal Voting Rights Act, once a majority-minority district is created, it cannot be eliminated.
Puerto Ricans grouse that Gutierrez spends too much time on immigration, but that solidified his Mexican-American base. Gutierrez is unbeatable.
Send e-mail to russ@russstewart. com or visit his Web site at www. russstewart.com.
“We often overestimate what we can accomplish in a day and underestimate what we can accomplish in ten minutes.” – Bill Gates (paraphrased)
I had to write a blog, but I didn't want to. So I set a timer for 10 minutes and I started typing. This is what I got (I spent an extra two minutes proofreading).
We often treat writing like some big, sacred ritual. People say, “Oh, if I can't sit down at a desk for 2 uninterrupted hours (or whatever), it's just not worth doing.” This is just an advanced form of procrastination.
“A writer who waits for ideal conditions under which to work will die without putting a word on paper.” EB White.
No matter what excuse I use, you use, there are dozens of prolific authors who were poorer, busier, and who had more kids than we did. If they can do it, so can we.
So if you're stuck, if you're afraid, set a timer for ten minutes. Just ten. Save what you write in a database like Evernote, or even just a Word document, you'll be surprised what you use later (I made liberal use of my quotes file to finish this post). It's better to be the writer who writes a little every day than the writer who writes tons and tons on very rare occasions.
Advertisements
Turkish government officials are investigating Twitter and similar social media platforms in an attempt to identify and eventually prosecute the organizers of mass demonstrations, Erodgan administration officials said this week.
In the latest attack on social media's role in protests, the country's Transportation and Communications Minister Binali Yildirim called on social media networks on Friday to cooperate with authorities in the probe.
"Yes to the Internet ... but an absolute no to its misuse as a tool for crimes, violence, chaos and disorder," Yildirim said quoted as saying by the local Dogan news agency.
Authorities have scoured social networks searching for protest leaders since national unrest began on May 28 at a rally in Instanbul's Taksim Square. Police have turned over at least 35 names to prosecutors in the city, according to Turkey's Aksam newspaper.
It is illegal to 'insult' public officials in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag acknowledged the existence of the list, the Associated Press reported, only saying 'profanities and insults conducted electronically' had contributed to the protests.
'Crimes determined as such by the law don't change if they are carried out through Facebook, Twitter or through other electronic means,' he said. 'No one has the right to commit crimes under the rule of law.'
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government has taken international criticism for the brutal police crackdown on protesters in the past month. The prime minister himself, when the rallies began, branded Twitter a 'troublemaker' used to spread 'lies.'
What began as a protest against the redevelopment of Istanbul's historic Gezi Park morphed into a national movement calling for a pluralistic society instead of Erdoğan's 'authoritarian' rule. The prime minister has also lost support for what critics say has been an attempt to impose Islamist values on a largely secular population.
He previously banned YouTube for two years beginning in 2008, citing the widespread presence of obscene material.
Erdoğan's deputies expressed hope that Facebook would allow them to comb through data and identify possible demonstration organizers. Facebook released a statement this week denying the disclosure, though, of any information to the government and expressing concern about future requests.
'We will be meeting with representatives of the Turkish government when they visit Silicon Valley this week, and we intend to communicate our strong concerns about these proposals directly at that that time,' Facebook said in a statement.
Turkish Minister of Transport, Maritime Affairs and Communications Binali Yildirim added that Twitter has not shown a 'positive approach' despite 'necessary warnings' from Turkey. He said that the Turkish government has asked Twitter, along with other social media sites, to set up a representative office inside the country.
'We have told all social media that...if you operate in Turkey you must comply with Turkish law… When information is requested, we want to see someone in Turkey who can provide this... there needs to be an interlocutor we can put our grievance to and who can correct an error if there is one,' he said.
'Twitter will probably comply too. Otherwise, this is a situation that cannot be sustained,' Yildirim stressed. His statement was presumably referring to social media's role in the recent protests, though the social media companies themselves have had no role. He added that the government seeks only to 'turn down the volume of the social media,' rather than blocking it altogether.
Following a meeting today of the FIA World Motor Sport Council in Paris, the following decisions were approved regarding the 2018-19 FIA World Endurance Championship Super Season.
The 2018-2019 season will soon be with us. It's a completely new Super Season, which is already historic as it will include two 24 Hours of Le Mans, whose 2019 staging will bring down the curtain on the FIA World Endurance Championship (FIA WEC) in a blaze of glory! This Super Season is completely new, and will also see the introduction of some new regulations which were today approved by the FIA World Motor Sport Council.
A redefined title in LMP1
In LMP1 (hybrid and non-hybrid), the world championship title will now be awarded to a team and no longer to a manufacturer. In addition, from now on only the highest-placed car within a team in each race will score points towards the world championship for teams' classification.
In the LMP1 category, the ACO, regulator for the WEC, has set three priorities: welcome more manufacturers and attract private teams, control budgets and retain its avant-garde technological character.
Although manufacturers are not allowed to enter non-hybrid cars in the WEC, they can supply engines to private teams. Branding a non-hybrid car is possible under certain conditions for a partner, including a manufacturer.
The technological equivalence between normally-aspirated engines and turbos have now been made official.
The current LMP1 regulations will be applied for a minimum of three seasons (including one season with the cars complying with the new regulations currently being drawn up).
More exciting pit stops
From 2018 onwards, the spectacle in the pits will also be the focus of attention. Unlike past years, the teams will be able to change tyres and refuel at the same time. Thus, the time spent in the pits will be different, which will impact on race strategy.
A Super Season, and a new allocation of points
For 6-hour races, points will be allocated as in 2017. For the 24 Hours of Le Mans an additional 50% of the points for 6-hour races will be allocated. For Sebring an additional 25% of the points for 6-hour races will be allocated.
Pierre Fillon, President of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest: “The format of the 2018-2019 Super Season and the new system of allocating points depending on the different races as well as the notion of a single car, the highest placed of two entries entered by the same team, guarantees a hotly-contested championship and close competition between the teams. The structure of this new championship looks promising.”
Gérard Neveu, CEO of the FIA WEC: “While we wait for the very encouraging 2020 regulations, these new regulations for 2018-19, together with the positive feedback we have had from teams about the Super Season, will guarantee an incredible level of competition in LMP1. With no fewer than five GT manufacturers in LMGTE Pro, and increased interest at this stage from gentleman drivers in LMP2 and LMGTE Am, things are looking good for fans of endurance racing in particular, and motorsport in general! We can't wait for 2018 to arrive.”
Super Season calendar
Total 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps: 5 May 2018
24 Hours of Le Mans: 16-17 June 2018
6 Hours of Silverstone: 19 August 2018
6 Hours of Fuji: 21 October 2018
6 Hours of Shanghai: 18 November 2018
1500 Miles of Sebring: 17 March 2019
Total 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps: 4 May 2019
24 Hours of Le Mans: 15-16 June 2019
crime
In a major raid, over 500 employees of some call centres were detained for allegedly threatening US citizens and siphoning off their money in Mira Road area, police said today
The building that houses the call centres at Mira Road
The police busted overnight what could possibly be the biggest impersonation call scams in India and detained over 500 people from nine call centres in Mira Road for cheating thousands, primarily foreign nationals, through the fraud.
Seven of the call centres operated out of a seven-storey building.
The building, Delta, is on Penkar Pada Road in the area, and other call centres operated out of Naya Nagar, around 2 km away. Over 200 police personnel, including officials from the Thane crime branch, the cyber crime branch and the Thane police, cracked down on the call centres around 9.30 pm on Tuesday.
Thane Police Commissioner Parambir Singh
The raids were still on at the time of going to press, and the police were trawling through all of the digital footprint.
mid-day was present at the sites of the raids, where police sources said the fraud could run into hundreds of crores of rupees, and that most of the calls were made to the US.
At the time of going to press, all persons detained were being questioned and their statements recorded in the building itself. The Thane police haven't yet revealed details of call centres' modus operandi.
Police sources said the scam could be the biggest such in the country.
International fraud
The non-descript call centres were run by different owners, who hired professionals to make calls to the numbers stored in their database. They had been running the scam for the last seven months.
The call centre employees who were detained and questioned all of . Pics/Pradeep Dhivar
A primary investigation has revealed that the database had personal details of thousands of foreign and Indian nationals like their contact numbers, names, addresses and citizenships. Such details were allegedly used to take victims into confidence. Once they convinced their victims of the urgency of the calls — say for defaulting on tax or insurance payments — the fraudsters threatened them with legal action, and coaxed or extorted them into revealing their bank account details. As soon as the details were out, the bank accounts were wiped clean. Alternatively, the victims were encouraged to transfer money to bank accounts provided by the callers.
A Thane police officer said the call centres operated from 7 pm till early next morning (to target victims in the West during the day).
“It is a case that involves extortion, forgery and cheating. It is an international racket being operated in several countries. The modus operandi is similar but the owners are different. There are hundreds of people involved in it. We are verifying the role of each person in the racket,” said Param Bir Singh, police commissioner, Thane.
Phishing angle
Sources said the police are also probing the angle of online banking fraud since a number of victims could have reported large withdrawals from their bank accounts after giving out the details. “We are taking the help of IT experts and officials from the cyber crime branch as in a few cases, it is suspected that VoIP (voice over internet protocol, a technology that allows one to make voice calls using an Internet connection) was their mode of communicating with the victims to prevent their numbers from being traced. Many callers also used foreign accents to gain the confidence of victims and were also given a few days' training on phone call etiquette,” said a source.
The team of 20 police officers who were part of the raid
The Thane police officer said the Thane crime branch had been assiduously following up for the last two weeks on information on fake call centres operating out of Mira Road.
Parag Manere, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Thane crime branch, led the joint raids.
The Thane police believe that the case could be of interest to investigating agencies from different countries since it was an international scam. “If an foreign agency approaches us, we will share details with them,” said the police commissioner.
$5,000
Each successful IRS Scam call's 'earnings', as per US media reports
4.5L
No. of victims of IRS scam in the US as of March 2016
The centerpiece of the $98 million Block 9 project is an 18-story tower to house a hotel, offices and condominiums. The project also includes construction of a parking garage and the renovation of the plaza on the east side of Broadway between Second and Third Avenues north.
Read previous Block 9 coverage here
The city will borrow $15 million to help Block 9 finance the 340-car garage and redo the plaza. The garage would be owned by Block 9, whose tenants would get to use it from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays.
Debt payments will be the responsibility of the developers, and Fargo Planning Director Jim Gilmour said the city has “adequate security” in the event Block 9 stops paying.
Block 9 is backed by Kilbourne Group, RDO and TMI Hospitality. Kilbourne is owned by Doug Burgum, a Republican candidate for North Dakota governor.
City Commissioner Tony Gehrig voted against offering any tax assistance to Block 9. “I support the project. I think it's a fantastic idea,” he said. “But we're asking a lot from the taxpayers in order to make it happen.”
Commissioner Mike Williams voted for some of the tax assistance, but not a $6 million break through a program called payment in lieu of taxes. He said it was highly unusual and wrong for Block 9 to get a tax waiver the developers could use to pay back the city bond for the parking garage.
“I haven't found a place yet that has allowed a waiver of taxes, which is $620,000 a year in this case, that they can apply to pay back a city bond for something they own and operate at the end of the day,” he said. “I think there's room here where the developer can own the parking that they need and the city could own a portion of this.” He asked the Commission to consider continuing negotiations with Block 9 to that effect.
Gehrig said the city's policy was clear that payment in lieu of taxes should not be used for “hotels, office space.”
But Mayor Tim Mahoney and Commissioners Melissa Sobolik and Dave Piepkorn overrode Gehrig and Williams to approve three separate tax exemptions worth, according to Gilmour, $15.5 million over 25 years. Apart from $6 million through payment in lieu of taxes, Block 9 will get a tax break of $2 million through the downtown Renaissance Zone. The City Commission also approved $7.5 million in tax increment financing.
Business leaders appeared before the Commission prior to the vote to endorse the project. Mark Nisbet, chairman of the Downtown Community Partnership, said it was “something we're extremely excited about. … It just bodes very well for us in the future of this great community.”
Piepkorn added: “This is a great addition not just to the downtown but to our city. I think it'll be a crown jewel.”
GO LONDON newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Ealing is to finally get a cinema eight years since the last one closed, after construction work got under way on a £100 million cultural quarter.
The eight-screen, 1,000-seat Picturehouse will be joined by 161 new homes as well as shops and restaurants in a major redevelopment of the New Broadway site. The former Empire cinema shut in 2008 and following several false dawns work started on Monday, after the original developers Land Securities sold the site to St George, part of the Berkeley Group.
The Art Deco facade of the old cinema will be preserved and a public square will be created. Restaurant Vapiano and supermarket Planet Organic have been confirmed as two of the new tenants.
Ealing council leader Julian Bell said: “The council promised we would bring a cinema back to our town centre and despite many setbacks I am delighted work is finally starting. This is a very exciting time. Crossrail means Ealing is soon going to be more accessible to the rest of London than ever and this development sits at the heart of our plans to revitalise the town centre.”
St George, which is already building 700 homes in a residential and commercial scheme in nearby Dickens Yard, is seeking to change planning permission to increase the number of homes, including affordable homes, at the cultural quarter.
Holly Smallman of Picturehouse said: “We've been keen to open in Ealing. As it is some time since we first committed to this development, we are reviewing the cinema design with St George. We look forward to 2019 when we will open.” Michael Bryn-Jones, managing director of St George, said: “We're firmly committed to Ealing, having invested significantly at Dickens Yard.”
Follow Going Out on Facebook and on Twitter @ESgoingout
Former NHL player and referee Paul Stewart has a new column up on the Huffington Post about his officiating days. It's peppered with excellent anecdotes, none better than one involving Eric Lindros, then a rookie for the Philadelphia Flyers, being a spectacular prick.
I was working an afternoon Philadelphia-New Jersey game at the Spectrum; the back end of a home-and-home. The Devils won the previous game, 6-4, in a game refereed by Mark Faucette. The game got chippy late in the third period, with about 40 penalty minutes being handed out in the final five minutes, including roughing penalties to Lindros and Scott Stevens in the waning seconds of the game.
The start of the game at the Spectrum was delayed several minutes. I had to wait for the red light on the scorer's table to indicate that the broadcast had returned from a commercial and it was OK to drop the opening faceoff.
During the delay, I made small talk with several of the Devils and Flyers on the ice. I said hello to Mark Recchi and talked to Bernie Nicholls. I then tried to greet the 19-year-old rookie Lindros.
"Hey, Eric. How are things going? How's your dad?" I asked.
The response: "[Bleep] you. Just drop the [bleeping] puck already."
Lindros was apparently in a bad mood because he'd recently missed 12 games with a knee injury, the team was in a losing skid, and he'd had a tough game in New Jersey. This game was also played about a week after Lindros had to go to court in Toronto after the Koo Koo Bananas incident. You know what? Those were his problems, not mine. But we were about to have a mutual problem.
Right off the opening faceoff, Lindros bulled forward and drilled Nicholls under the chin with his stick. I ditched Lindros on a high-sticking penalty.
Before the game, I had brought a tube filled with posters to Flyers' equipment manager Jim "Turk" Evers. The posters, which depicted Recchi and Lindros, were to be autographed and then donated to a charity auction. I had done a similar thing in other cities, such as a Cam Neely and Ray Bourque poster in Boston, and a Mario Lemieux and Jaromir Jagr in Pittsburgh.
After the game, I want to Turk to collect the poster tube.
"Stewy, you're not going to like this," Evers said. "I don't have them."
"What do you mean you don't have them?" I asked.
"Well, Rex signed the posters but when Eric found out they were for you, he tore every one of them up. I'm sorry about that."
I never spoke to Eric Lindros again.
One year, much later in his career when he was with the Rangers, I ended up getting him on eight minor penalties that season. I caught some heat for it from John Davidson on the Rangers' broadcasts, but the truth of the matter was this: I did NOT go out of my way to "invent" penalties on Lindros — or any player — but I wasn't going to give that guy a break on anything borderline that I might have let slide with a player who had gained acceptability with me.
Table of contents
Huh? What's this?
The list
(HTML version
(HTML version (HTML version here (HTML version here
Stray observations and musings
Stephano has the most average viewers. What else is new?
has the most average viewers. What else is new? And Winter is the number one in the viewers*hours category again as well. However, this marks the first month in a long time in which his rise in viewership has finally stopped. He also streamed considerably less last month, but since Destiny also streamed less, he remains #1. For now.
is the number one in the viewers*hours category again as well. However, this marks the first month in a long time in which his rise in viewership has finally stopped. He also streamed considerably less last month, but since Destiny also streamed less, he remains #1. For now. Speaking of which, in last month's thread there was some discussion about viewbotting, including accusations against Winter. He said that he was viewbotted by others a few times (gaining +1000 viewers for a few hours), but never initiated it. A cursory glance at my data supported his claim of isolated, brief incidents, but of course that does not prove anything. Anyhow, the reason I'm mentioning this is because I found some peculiar numbers while compiling this month's list. Some streamers who usually average <50 viewers suddenly got far more viewers than that for a few hours on the 6th. Up to 70.000 more, to be precise. Just like that, 70.000 viewers within 30 minutes, and then 2 hours later they were back to 50. A very blatant sign of viewbotting, and more than likely not initiated by the streamers themselves. I had to purge those numbers from the database or those streamers would've "made" it to this month's list. So, yes, viewbotting is very real, and while I can easily detect and deal with blatant cases like these, the more subtle cases will go unnoticed by me. There's nothing I can do about that, unfortunately.
As mentioned above, azubu.tv numbers are finally part of my database. That's good. As we can see, the azubu.tv streamers barely made an impact on the list. That's bad. Maybe their viewership will come closer to twitch's over time.
If you find any mistakes or errors in the lists, please do let me know, especially concerning team changes or players that you are absolutely sure should be on the lists, but are not.
The big picture
(The actual numbers are not important, it's the ratio between month that's important.)
Overall stream views
(The actual numbers are not important, it's the ratio between month that's important.)
Welcome this month's edition of the top 50 streamers list.Due to ongoing exams, this month's edition is somewhat brief and hastily done. My apologies in advance for any errors or mistakes that find their way in here.However, there's some good news, too! Finally, there is proper azubu.tv integration. Rejoice! That means that a lot of big names are back in the lists. Assuming they've got enough viewers, that is.For those of you who don't already know what this is about: I'm gathering various data (viewers, game, events, etc.) from all the streams that are presented on teamliquid.net (those that you can in the sidebar to your right) and use that data to produce the pretty tables and graphs you see below. The tables only contain SC2 players (that is, streams of people playing games of Starcraft 2) andcasters, teams or other streams. The tables also only contain Starcraft 2 related activities. So, for instance when CatZ is streaming Dota2, it will not be taken into account.The data I gather is then turned into the tables you see below. One is sorted by the average viewers, the other is sorted by the average viewers times the hours streamed. The latter table favors those that stream a lot, while the former table favors popular streamers regardless of how much they stream. Either ranking has its advantages and disadvantages, and thus I present both.For either table, I have a minimum required stream time of 5 hours to be included in the list.Due to space limitations, I have to shorten the headers and leave some data out of the tables presented here. You can get the full tables from the links below.The headers aren't as clear as I'd like them to be thanks to this, so here's a quick explanation, just in case: "Viewers" denotes the average viewers in the given month. "Hours" are the hours played. "Place diff" and "Viewer diff" are the place and viewer differences compared to last month.Also, the HTML version linked beneath the images has some more information that I had to leave out due to space limitation, most notably the featured status of the players.Now, Without further ado, here's this month's tables:Note that these arestreams only.Player stream viewers are down again a bit. Big events like Dreamhack, MLG and HomestoryCup most likely played a big role in that.
This graph does not include MLG!
WCS/GSL
Proleague & ATC
Older entries
I said I would most likely retire this graph once MLG shows up, and I still plan on doing that. However, I've included it this time just to show that, even despite MLG not being part of the graph (due to unavailable viewer numbers), overall SC2 viewer numbers have gone up in the last month. With MLG, we can assume that the bar would be a good bit larger still. We're not dead yet!The WCS numbers have been bigger once, but they're still not all that bad.That's all for this month. Hope you guys enjoyed, as always. Any kind of feedback is always welcome!
AP Photo/L'Osservatore Romano In this picture provided by the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano, Pope Francis, right, is flanked by Vatican Almoner Archbishop Konrad Krajewski as he welcomes four men at the Vatican, Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013.
Pope Francis celebrated his 77th birthday on Tuesday with four homeless people — and one of their dogs — who live on the street in Rome outside the Vatican walls.
It was an apt celebration for the TIME's 2013 Person of the Year, who has championed the plight of the poor and developed a reputation as an activist and reformer. The group attended the Pope's daily mass and then joined the Pontiff over breakfast at the dining room of the Vatican City hotel where he lives, the Associated Press reports. One of the men was holding his dog when he was introduced to the Pope after Mass.
The festivities were expected to continue with the arrival Tuesday of a delegation from the Pope's favorite soccer team, San Lorenzo de Almagro, from his home country of Argentina. The team won the Argentine national championship and was to present Pope Francis with a replica of the championship trophy Tuesday or Wednesday.
The Pope, the first non-European to head the Church in more than 1,200 years, became a paying member of the San Lorenzo club in 2008, Bloomberg reports.
Also on Tuesday, leading LGBT magazine The Advocate selected Pope Francis as its person of the year for his softening tone on homosexuality. On Monday, Pope Francis replaced a conservative American cardinal who has been an outspoken critic of same-sex marriage with a more moderate American Cardinal for a spot on a high-level Vatican committee, signaling a will for further reform in the Vatican, the New York Times reports.
[AP]
Alexander Kristoff's move from Katusha-Alpecin to a revamped UAE Team Emirates marks a major turning point in his 13-year professional career. Kristoff, 30, claimed his biggest victories in a Katusha jersey, including his 2014 victory at Milano-Sanremo and his 2015 win at the Tour of Flanders. Yet after another winless classics campaign this past spring, rumors circulated that a rift had opened up between Kristoff and Katusha management.
With hints that Katusha was looking to replace him, Kristoff saw the writing on the wall. He told VeloNews that even the best relationships fray when the results are not there.
“I had my best years and I had a good time in Katusha, but when the result doesn't go your way, they expected more from me,” he said. “And I wanted to do things my way and if they don't think it's right, then you start to argue. At the end of the day, during the season you're not always agreeing with everything. I was starting to look elsewhere.”
Kristoff's classics campaign was hardly a bust; he finished inside the top-five at both in Milano-Sanremo and the Tour of Flanders and won Eschborn-Frankfurt. Yet the results did not clear the air with Katusha, he said. He heard rumors that Marcel Kittel was headed to the team. The German speedster's presence would likely relegate Kristoff to lead-out duties in bunch sprints. Kristoff was not ready for that role.
When Kristoff put feelers out to other teams, he was disappointed with the lack of interest from the WorldTour peloton.
“In the end, I didn't have so many offers,” Kristoff said. “Astana was interested for sure, but they didn't know whether Aru was staying or not so they didn't have the budget set. Same with the UAE actually. But for sure there were other teams. Cannondale was interested but they didn't have a sponsor yet and I wasn't willing to wait for a long time.”
Part of the challenge of finding a new team was Kristoff's requirements. In addition to his salary, Kristoff wanted to bring along teammates Sven Erik Bystrom and Michael Morkov.
After several months of searching, Kristoff reached a deal with the UAE Team Emirates, which was investing heavily in its team for 2018. The team agreed to build a sprint squad around Kristoff and hired on Bystrom. Morkov will ride for Quick-Step Floors in 2018.
Kristoff found his winning legs during the second half of 2018. He won the RideLondon and the European championships before nearly beating Peter Sagan at the world championships. Kristoff ultimately finished fourth overall in the UCI world ranking.
Kristoff believes he still has the legs to win a major classic; he simply needs to maintain his form and hope for the right race scenario to play out. Had the 2017 Milano-Sanremo come down to a bunch sprint — rather than a breakaway — Kristoff believes he would have won. And that result would have changed his entire season.
“If I had won Sanremo my spring classics would have been great,” Kristoff said. “So again, it's the small margins in this sport. Even if my performance was really good, without the podium results you don't remember it.”
Yet Kristoff lacked his traditional punch in the sprints this year, which was evident at the Tour de France, where he was often a step behind his rivals. Kristoff has spent more time in the gym this offseason hoping to build power. He will also race all three Middle East races in 2018; in previous seasons he participated in just one or two of the events.
“Normally after a grand tour I get stronger, so I will make my own grand tour in Arabia,” Kristoff said. “I know [Fabian] Cancellara did something similar a few years ago when he was quite strong also after it, so I've got a similar plan.”
Kristoff also believes his new supporting cast at the UAE Team Emirates will help him return to the Classics podium. At Katusha, Kristoff said he benefitted from the veteran expertise of Luca Paolini (Paolini retired in 2015 after suspension for a cocaine positive). Kristoff believes new teammate Marco Marcato could play a similar veteran role at the UAE.
The step forward brings new pressure to succeed, and Kristoff believes he has the motivation and tools to do so.
“I want to prove something. That I'm good enough to win again, to be there in the classics,” he said. “The first goal will be Sanremo. I've been on the podium two times there and I hope I can be on the top again. Even if you're second or third, for sure it's a good result, but it's always the winner you remember.”
The government had previously denied the practice but the Israeli Health Ministry's director-general has now ordered gynaecologists to stop administering the drugs. According a report in Haaretz, suspicions were first raised by an investigative journalist, Gal Gabbay, who interviewed more than 30 women from Ethiopia in an attempt to discover why birth rates in the community had fallen dramatically.
One of the Ethiopian women who was interviewed is quoted as saying: “They [medical staff] told us they are inoculations. We took it every three months. We said we didn't want to.” It is alleged that some of the women were forced or coerced to take the drug while in transit camps in Ethiopia.
The drug in question is thought to be Depo-Provera, which is injected every three months and is considered to be a highly effective, long-lasting contraceptive.
Nearly 100,000 Ethiopian Jews have moved to Israel under the Law of Return since the 1980s, but their Jewishness has been questioned by some rabbis. Last year, the Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who also holds the health portfolio, warned that illegal immigrants from Africa “threaten our existence as a Jewish and democratic state”.
The media likes to claim Bernie Sanders will never beat Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, but polls say he'd perform better against Donald Trump. In every state he visits, Sanders manages to attract thousands of people to his rallies. Even in less populated states, people line up to see him. Sanders has so far won 19 races, several of which were by wide margins. And yet, Sanders is considered a “zombie” candidate and is doing little more than hurting Hillary Clinton's campaign by continuing to run. Really.
Politico threw out this little tidbit despite the fact that if Clinton were a strong candidate, Bernie “Zombie” Sanders wouldn't be able to hurt her campaign. Sanders can credit his surging support in large part to the Internet, without which he might still be a relative unknown with poor name recognition and support. Unfortunately for his rival, though, he continues to climb in the polls. A new Reuters poll puts Sanders a solid 5.1 percent ahead of Hillary in a sweeping nationwide survey of more than 7,100 likely voters.
The poll was conducted online, so it likely skews toward younger voters. However, Reuters has proven to be more accurate in predicting candidate performance than other pollsters. This, in itself, is important because younger voters are becoming more engaged and invested in this year's election. Several states have seen a drastic upswing in voter registrations, primarily California. A large number of those newly minted voters fall into the under 45 categories, which heavily favors Bernie Sanders. That's not too shabby for a zombie.
Bernie Sanders rally in Fargo, North Dakota. [AP Photo/Bruce Crummy] Even more, Sanders' “zombie” candidacy would attract a vast majority of independent, unaffiliated voters, giving him a bigger edge than it often appears, especially with the New York primary results, which was a closed primary that excluded independents and other parties. New York also had a major issue with voters who had their party affiliations changed, or being taken off the rolls entirely.
As reported previous in Inquisitr, Sanders handily beats Donald Trump in every poll taken in recent days, pointing to a stronger candidate than Clinton. In fact, this so-called “zombie” candidate does so well, he beats The Donald by double digits.
“Zombie” Sanders has so much favor among younger voters due, in part, to the Internet itself. Net neutrality is a major issue, with those who grew up using the ‘net worried about government and business controlling who has access and to what. This is illustrated no better than the case of Jeanette Jing, an Internet activist who has compiled a vast amount of information against Hillary Clinton that points to major corruption and illegal activities. Jing's Twitter account was suspended for unknown reasons, but was reactivated after more than 24 hours offline. Her YouTube channel, though, remains up and running.
Her suspension has fueled more accusations of suppression, and of proof that it isn't Sanders who is the zombie, but rather, Clinton, who is by far the weaker candidate.
null
With such a large approval rating and wide-spread support, it begs the question as to why the Democratic establishment can't get past the idea that Sanders is a zombie candidate. It's obvious he isn't, and his policies reflect the majority of progressive voters and Americans in general. So, why do the DNC, Democratic Party leaders and some Clinton supporters implore Sanders to drop out and his supporters to fall in line behind Hillary?
It all boils down to money.
Former U.S. Rep. Barney Frank served in the House of Representatives from 1981 until 2013 when he retired from the House. He now serves as a board member of Signature Bank. Frank was selected by DNC officials to serve on the standing committee which will help write the Democratic Party's platform at the convention in July. Frank has been outspoken in his criticism of Sanders.
Even worse, according to The Ring of Fire's Thom Hartmann, Signature Bank is currently fending off a lawsuit over allegations of a Ponzi-type scheme. Literally, big banks will be in control of the Democratic Party platform come July, which means the party isn't just inching toward the right, it's catapulting toward Republican right-wing ideals of fleecing and thumbing its nose at the voting public.
It stands to reason, then, that mainstream media hammers away with its “zombie” rhetoric concerning Bernie Sanders. Because if he wins, big business loses, and it is in corporate media's best interest, along with big banks, to paint Sanders as someone who simply can't win.
Paste magazine puts it even more succinctly. Hillary Clinton Democrats are what it calls “New Republicans,” a revealing sobriquet for a party that has made a hard-right turn since Bill Clinton became president. Sanders is the candidate trying to steer the speeding vehicle back to the left before it flies over the proverbial cliff.
Sanders rally in Stockton, Calif. [AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli] But, he may be too late to fix a party so deeply corrupt and embedded with greed. The Democratic Party is practically willing to risk a violent uprising at the convention in order to stubbornly stick to its “ideals.” Even Comcast, called by some as the nation's most-hated company, is a part of the farce that is the Democratic Convention. According to USUncut,the DNC is getting a little too cozy with the cable giant.
“…the Democratic Party is offering prime access to convention activities and leading elected officials to Comcast executives who donate $100,000 or more.”
As stated above, all it takes is to follow the money, and the money is working overtime to tell the voting public that Sanders simply can't win against Clinton. But, the truth is, he can, and he will. Perhaps it is Hillary Clinton, not Bernie Sanders, who is the zombie candidate. That's a reality the Democratic Party must face one way or another.
[Photo by Kristina Barker/AP Images]
As a swans fan myself, it doesn't surprise to see Pablo Hernandez move on, although the destination seems a little odd. In, what is believed to be, a fee of near £4million the Spanish winger has moved to Qatari side Al Arabi. Money being an obvious factor here.
It is a little bit of a shame to see him move on, because at times he was a fantastic member of the team. However, when he was good, he was very good, but when he was bad, he was extremely bad. He lacked consistent performances. As a winger, goals were never really his focal point after scoring only five time in 57 appearances for the Swans. But, the only real disappointment I feel is that since Garry Monk has been in charge, his performances have improved and he suited the more central role that he was given by Monk.
But as I said, it didn't come as much as a surprise. Last season brought about some of the most energy-lacking performances I've ever seen as a fan, and I was glad to see Michael Laudrup given the axe. Changes in the squad were a given this summer and some of the big names who haven't lived up to expectations have had to go.
This summer is most definitely a summer of rebuilding for the Jacks with the additions of Lukas Fabianksi and Bafetimbi Gomis exciting the fans. But as well as this, it is great to see some deadweight leave in this so-called “Laudrup Cull.” Leroy Lita, David Ngog and Alvaro Vazquez the most pleasing to see leave. However I don't think Monk is finished there, Jose Cañas and Alejandro Pozuelo are both expected to leave after both displeasing performances and off the field issues. The nost noticeable departure is Michu.
Despite these departures, most Swansea fans will have faith in club legend Monk, and chairman Huw Jenkins to do what's right for the club.
Progressive Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod says she won't abandon her support for the LGBTQ community, no matter what the political cost. “Our party has turned a corner and there may be some people who don't like it . . . I am not going to kowtow to people who don't share my values,” MacLeod (Nepean-Carleton) told the Star on Monday.
Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown, second from right, marches in the annual Pride Parade as it took over the downtown core on Sunday. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
Nick Vandergragt, a night time talk show host for CFRA in Ottawa, criticized her and fellow MPP Jack MacLaren on Facebook for marching in Toronto's Pride Parade Sunday along with Tory Leader Patrick Brown. It was the first organized showing by provincial and federal Tories in the parade. “Both of these people are supposed to represent the small-c conservatives like me who don't want walking porno displays disguised as ‘parades' in our countries (sic) cities,” he stated in the Facebook posting and in similar comments on his show Sunday evening. “Did they think we wouldn't find out? Or did they . . . take the (social conservative) vote for granted? I expected this out of (open John Tory's policard)John Tory (open John Tory's policard). I even expected this out of Patrick Brown. But never these two. If it where (sic) up to me, I would toss both of them out of the building over this and never let them back in. Talk about a sell out.”
Article Continued Below
Vandergragt told the Star he has one regret, which he apologizes for: saying he would toss them out of the building, which he said was a euphemism for the Progressive Conservative party. “That was said in the heat of the moment and it's something I don't have the power to do anyway,” he said. Vandergragt said, however, he does not have any regrets about criticizing MacLeod and MacLaren for turning their backs on social conservatives — “nobody likes to be taken for granted” — and for marching in a parade that he says features public nudity. On his show Sunday night Vandergragt said, “I will challenge anybody to call and tell me what right the gay community does not have that they still need to fight for. They can get married, they can adopt, they can be judges, they can be teachers, they can be anything they want to be so where is this ongoing fight required?” “They can have the parade but stop walking around naked . . . I am a parent of eight children and I wouldn't go within a country mile of that parade,” Vandergragt said.
Bell Media, which owns CFRA, stood by Vandergragt's right of free speech. “While some may not agree with the comments made by Mr. Vandergragt, we believe that they were a legitimate expression of his own opinion, to which he is wholly entitled,” Matt Garrow, a spokesperson for Bell Media, said in an email statement, which described Vandergragt as an independent contractor who does two weekend evening talk shows.
Article Continued Below
“We consider it our responsibility at CFRA to present varying points of view, and during our talk show broadcasts we solicit calls from our listeners so that they can express their opinions in an open forum. In this case, several listeners were afforded the opportunity to call into the show and offer their viewpoints on the segment — many of which (were) in direct disagreement with Mr. Vandergragt's position,” Garrow stated. MacLaren said he found walking in the Pride Parade “a very positive experience” and was disappointed at Vandergragt's comments. “We were never quite as narrow-focused or narrow-minded as some people might have thought. We have always cared about people,” MacLaren said. “It is our job to represent the people in our communities. I have never had any problem with people who are gay or transgendered in representing them. They are Canadians, they are taxpayers so they have rights just like all the rest of us,” he said. MacLeod cautions that “no one should confuse bigotry with conservatism.” She said she has received overwhelming support from her constituents and from those within the party for showing support for the LGBTQ community, marching side by side with provincial and federal colleagues and loyalists wearing LBGTory T-shirts. “If I lose a few votes . . . this is about doing what is right,” MacLeod said, adding she will no longer go on Vandergragt's show. “I am not going to pander to people who want me to hate other people.”
Read more about:
Think Paris-Roubaix and you think of the roads. It's not about the 205km of the plain asphalt roads though. No, the majority of the race is run on roads no different from any other on the calendar. The other 52km are what set this race apart. The cobbles are Paris-Roubaix.
As crazy as it sounds now, there was, once upon a time, a push to wipe out these cobbled roads. In the aftermath of World War Two, France began to modernise the damaged road system, and the pavé of the north slowly disappeared.
The race first lost a cobbled sector to the unrelenting march of modernisation in 1939, with more and more covered by asphalt as the years rolled by. The advent of live television only accelerated this process as local authorities, ashamed of their poor roads, would resurface them if the race passed through.
In 1983 that changed. Paris-Roubaix organiser Albert Bouvet and Jean-Claude Vallaeys, founder of Vélo Club Roubaix, founded a new organisation – Les Amis de Paris-Roubaix (the friends of Paris-Roubaix). The group's aim was to preserve cobbled sectors, repairing and restoring them each year.
Fortunately, they are still at it today, headed up by President François Doulcier. His day job, a car assembly line manager, Doulcier joined the group as a member in 2001, and has been President since 2011.
The organisation has grown from 40 members when Doulcier joined to over 200 today. These members come from around the world, from Belgium to Brazil, and anybody can join for a fee of between €20-30.
This money goes towards the maintenance of the cobbles, and the same local authorities who were once dead-set against the race now work with Les Amis in order to carry out the work, as Doulcier explains.
“For the big jobs, the work is funded by the local government, yes. Smaller jobs are done by the students, and they are funded by us as well as local communities.”
Those students are from the Raismes Horticultural College near Valenciennes. The school has been involved since 2002, and groups of students have worked on the cobbles every spring. Last year they worked on Quérénaing-Maing and Wallers-Hélesmes (otherwise known as Pont Gibus), while this spring has seen them restore sector 19, from Haveluy to Wallers.
“These are future gardeners, and the paving work is part of the landscaping integrated into their training,” says Oliver Codron, the landscaping teacher at the college.
Lugging around twenty-pound stones is some apprenticeship for these students. It's estimated that over 50,000 cobbles have been repositioned and restored by students of the college over the years.
“There are classes of fifteen to twenty working for fifteen days. The budget for their work is €15,000 each year,” says Doulcier. “The heavy work has a budget of €100,000.”
Of course the organisation, which is entirely voluntary, does not make a profit – their work is a labout of love.
The heavy work described by Doulcier is outsourced to companies. He says a team of four work for several months, with 100 metres of the route taking around a month to renovate.
Such work includes a street sweeper cleaning the famous Trouée d'Arenberg sector – its forest location means that moss and mould thrive on the cobbles there.
Arenberg brings with it another problem – cobble theft. Yes, really. Each year the organisation replaces dozens of stones in the forest and elsewhere. Finding the replacements isn't a problem though, as the group has a stockpile of over 90,000 thanks to local authorities, who save the stones they dig up.
This year, the work has been extensive, with restoration carried out at a number of well-known sectors, including Auchy-lez-Orchies, Mons-en-Pévèle and Carrefour de l'Arbre. For Les Amis (or the ‘convicts of the road' as they call themselves), this has just been a regular year.
“The repairs have been a similar level to recent years,” says Doulcier. “In addition to the spring work, the pavé is checked throughout the year in order to identify any potential problems.”
Don't think that the group is making the race easier though – the challenge is in maintaining the cobbles. That is, keeping them tough to ride as well as preserving them aesthetically.
“We don't want to turn it into a pool table,” Doulcier jokes. “We have to keep the challenge of the cobbles, but remove the ruts and potholes.”
For now though, he can sit back and enjoy the fruits of his organisation's labour. On Sunday the peloton will roar over the same rough cobbles that Les Amis have spent months painstakingly renovating.
Sunday's victor will take home one of the famed cobbles of Paris-Roubaix – one from the vault I'm sure. But then it won't be long until thoughts turn to next year, for Doulcier and Les Amis, at least. The work is never done.
Who's that lady?
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo‘s Mama June dramatically dressed up her newly slimmer bod Saturday at the GLAAD Awards, where her show was nominated for best reality series.
Mom to Alana “Honey Boo Boo” Thompson, June Shannon, 33, looked chic and sophisticated (or as she'd put it, “smexy!”) in a black wrap dress, plenty of jewelry and tasteful makeup.
“It was fun to get glammed up, but I prefer my comfortable clothing. I also missed my kids,” June tells PEOPLE.
“I met Snooki and JWoww, which was great because we heard they are fans of the show,” adds June of hanging with the Jersey Shore stars at the awards, which honored Anderson Cooper.
“I also saw Anderson backstage. We love him and congratulate him on the award,” she says.
June can add her new GLAAD buddies to her growing list of celebrity interactions: she and her family also recently met country star Miranda Lambert.
RELATED: Honey Boo Boo (and Her Family) Pose Backstage with Miranda Lambert
The strange tale of Aboriginal circus performers
By Carolyn Barry |
A gruesome discovery revealed the fate of Tambo, an Aboriginal man put on show in the USA in the 1800s. Share this story Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
IN THE DEPTHS OF a basement at a nondescript funeral parlour in suburban America, a surprise discovery began the unravelling of a fascinating and convoluted tale stretching all the way back to 19th-century north Queensland. The find revived an almost-forgotten story of indigenous history and brought some closure for descendants of a group of Aboriginal men and women whose fates, until then, were unknown.
In 1993 staff at J.C. Smith's funeral home in Cleveland, Ohio, were clearing out the building after the business closed, when one of them uncovered the mummified body of an Aboriginal man. Tambo, as he was known by his English name, was one of 17 indigenous men, women and children – including his wife – who were ‘recruited' as star attractions in Barnum and Bailey's famous circus during the 1880s and '90s.
Coincidentally, anthropologist Roslyn Poignant, an honorary research fellow at University College London, had been researching the history of Tambo and his kin and was in the USA at the time of the discovery. “It was remarkable that Tambo had escaped either being consigned to a pauper's grave or having his bones deposited in a museum,” writes Roslyn in her book Professional Savages: Captive lives and western spectacle. The discovery gave Roslyn new leads in piecing together the fates of these people, a quest which took her across three continents.
The story begins in 1883 on Hinchinbrook and Palm islands, in Far North Queensland. Robert A. Cunningham, a recruiter for Barnum and Bailey's circus, had travelled there to find subjects for his next show-stopping exhibition, Ethnological Congress of Strange Tribes. He sought to add to his collection of indigenous people, which already included Zulus from Africa, Toda from southern India, Nubians from southern Egypt and Sioux from the USA.
It is still unclear just how forcefully Cunningham persuaded his subjects, but the records show that six Aboriginal men, two women and a boy from the Wulguru clan on Palm Island and Hinchinbrook made their way to Chicago by ship in 1883. More than likely, Cunningham tricked them or offered incentives, such as clothing and the promise of adventure. “Displacement and dispossession in the colonies, chance and curiosity” may also have played a role, writes Roslyn. Only two of the first group spoke any English and records indicate they went with Cunningham willingly.
Promoted as ‘Australian cannibals', they performed – alongside Jumbo the elephant – dancing, singing and throwing boomerangs to delight the crowds. More than 30,000 people came to see these ‘Australian savages' on their first day in Chicago. “I think it would have been the most horrific experience,” says Jacob Cassady, who runs a small museum and tourism venture on Aboriginal history and culture at Mungalla Station in north Queensland. This includes an exhibition about the story of these people. A large, softly spoken man, Jacob is a descendant of Tambo. “They wouldn't have even known what an elephant was,” he says. “And they would have been missing their family and were unable to carry out traditional ceremonies.”
The group toured the dime museums and fairs of the USA, which were famous for their ‘edutainment' – entertainment and moral education for the working class. Other attractions included bearded women, people with disfigurements, dwarfs and giants, among others.
From the USA to Europe and Russia, the group allowed themselves to be measured by anthropologists and they posed, apparently unforced, in European clothing for photographs, Jacob says. “But when you look into their eyes – they tell a different story,” he adds. There was evidence they were given some money and some freedom at the end of a performance season, but the group was heavily reliant on Cunningham for food, shelter and medical care.
It's believed Tambo succumbed to tuberculosis or pneumonia barely a year after leaving Australia – it's unclear how old he was when he died. Cunningham was persuaded to hand over Tambo's body for permanent display – and before the traditional death rituals could be completed, the corpse was taken away and embalmed. “He was subjected to a final, terrible indignity,” writes Roslyn. “His embalmed body was placed on show in Drew's Dime Museum, and it remained on display there and elsewhere in Cleveland until well into the 20th century.”
One by one, members of the group fell ill and died. By 1885, just three remained: Jenny, her son Toby, and Billy. It's thought the trio eventually went back to Australia with Cunningham, but the records are unclear. Cunningham returned to Australia in 1892 to recruit a second group of mostly Nyawaygi people, from Mungalla station, but the heyday of dime museums was at an end and the eight performers were less successful. Again, many died or disappeared until just two remained. They returned to Australia and were likely taken to a mission or Aboriginal reserve, where they were not heard of again. Tambo finally came home in 1994, about 110 years after he left for the USA. He was buried in a traditional ceremony led by Walter Palm Island, a descendant of Tambo, on Palm Island.
“I remember Granddad Wally [Walter Palm Island] telling me that when he was a kid that some relations were taken away to the circus, but I thought…the story was a bit romanticised,” Jacob says. “But the more I heard about the story, the more I learnt about it, and the more amazed I was. It thought it was unbelievable.”
Source: Australian Geographic, Jan – Feb 2012
RELATED STORIES
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 23, 2013, 11:12 PM GMT By Alan Boyle, Science Editor
In this photo from 2008, the space shuttle Atlantis stands on Launch Complex 39A while Endeavour stands on Launch Complex 39B. With the shuttle fleet retired, NASA plans to use 39B for its yet-to-be-built heavy-lift rocket, and turn over 39A to a commercial operator. SpaceX and Blue Origin, two private ventures founded by billionaires, have put in separate bids to become that operator. Bruce Weaver / AFP - Getty Images file
KENT, Wash. — Thanks to Amazon.com billionaire Jeff Bezos' backing, Blue Origin is one of the country's most financially stable rocket ventures, but it has also had one of the lowest profiles — until now.
The company, based in an industrial area south of Seattle, is waiting to hear whether it can take over one of NASA's crown jewels: Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center in Florida, where the first and the last space shuttle flight blasted off. And Bezos is competing with another billionaire, SpaceX's Elon Musk, to get it.
SpaceX is one of the biggest success stories in space nowadays: The company that Musk founded in 2002 with his dot-com fortune has flown three successful unmanned missions to the International Space Station, has dozens of launches on its manifest, and is said to be turning a profit.
Meanwhile, Bezos' Blue Origin has been quietly working for almost 13 years on a suborbital launch system that would send passengers and payloads on short blasts into space, as well as an orbital system that could deliver astronauts to the International Space Station or other destinations.
With financial backing from NASA, Blue Origin has developed an innovative launch pad escape system as well as a rocket that has gone as high as 45,000 feet (13.7 kilometers). But it hasn't yet put anything in outer space, and the crash of its prototype suborbital spacecraft in 2011 was a significant setback.
"We're a company that doesn't take the easy path," Blue Origin's president, Rob Meyerson, told NBC News during an interview at the company's headquarters in Kent. "These vehicles are challenging."
Blue Origin has its headquarters on a 25-acre site in Kent, south of Seattle. Blue Origin
Low profile, high commitment
Meyerson, a veteran aerospace engineer who began his career in 1985 at NASA's Johnson Space Center, acknowledged that Bezos' style is to keep a low profile. The billionaire himself rarely talks to the press about his rocket venture, leaving that to Meyerson and other executives. But Bezos' commitment to enabling "human access to space at a dramatically lower cost and increased reliability" is as strong today as it was at the beginning, Meyerson said.
"His vision has stayed absolutely rock-steady," Meyerson said.
Last Thursday's interview marked the first time that a working journalist was admitted into Blue Origin's headquarters, Meyerson and other company representatives said.
No photos were allowed — but as we walked through the building, there was time to marvel at the two-story-high rocket sculpture (with fireplace) in the lobby, a 10-foot-wide inflatable globe spinning in an entryway, and displays featuring scale models of Hollywood spaceships. A Starship Enterprise model (used for the first three "Star Trek" movies) sat in the lobby. The Discovery One spaceship from "2001: A Space Odyssey" hung from the ceiling. A miniature geodesic dome from "Silent Running" sat on a pedestal in a hallway.
The point of the visit wasn't to gawk at the decor, however. Meyerson wanted to get the word out about Blue Origin's ambitions for Launch Complex 39A.
A 10-foot-wide globe spins in the lower-level entryway to Blue Origin's office building, and a stairway leads up to the main lobby. Blue Origin
Surplus launch pad
With the shuttle fleet retired, 39A is now considered surplus. NASA plans to use the other shuttle launch pad, 39B, for development and launch of its next-generation heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System. But to save money, the space agency wants to turn the operation and maintenance of 39A over to a commercial concern in October.
Both Musk and Bezos are eyeing the launch pad because, for all their billions, it's still challenging to build an orbital launch pad from scratch. Kennedy Space Center would be ideal, because it already has the infrastructure as well as the coastal range clearances for orbital launches. As an illustration of how tough it is to create a new pad, SpaceX has been looking into creating a new commercial launch facility for more than two years, but a deal still hasn't been reached.
SpaceX spokeswoman Christina Ra told NBC News that 39A wouldn't take the place of a future commercial launch facility. "SpaceX would focus on our commercial satellite customers with 39A but could launch any mission from our East Coast manifest. We could also use it for launching crew and Falcon Heavy,” Ra said in an email.
SpaceX currently launches its Falcon 9 rocket and unmanned Dragon capsule on cargo flights to the International Space Station from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which is near NASA's space center. The company plans to upgrade the Dragon for crewed missions by as early as 2015.
Blue Origin also is looking for an orbital launch facility. The company currently assembles hardware at the Kent facility and tests its suborbital rockets at a 18,600-acre spaceport that Bezos built amid hundreds of thousands of acres of rangeland he owns in West Texas.
Meyerson said the Texas spaceport would continue to be the base for suborbital operations, but Launch Complex 39A would be used for assembly and launch of orbital spacecraft. Commercial operations, perhaps including flights to the space station, would begin in 2018, he said. Meyerson said it was too early to estimate how many jobs would be created for the Florida operation. Blue Origin currently employs more than 250 people, while SpaceX has more than 3,000 employees.
Blue Origin would run 39A as a multi-use facility, allowing other launch providers to send their rockets into space from the pad for a price. "We're open to everyone," Meyerson said. "We think we have the technical background and we have the long-term financial commitment to make a multi-user pad at KSC successful."
This computational fluid dynamics simulation shows Blue Origin's orbital Space Vehicle with body flaps placed toward the spacecraft's aft end to enhance maneuverability. Blue Origin
Other rocket companies on board
One of Blue Origin's customers could be United Launch Alliance, which currently sends government and commercial payloads into space from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. ULA's Atlas 5 rocket is slated to be used by two other SpaceX competitors, the Boeing Co. and Sierra Nevada Corp., to send crews and cargo to the space station and perhaps other orbital destinations as early as 2016. Blue Origin may also use the Atlas 5 while it develops its own rocket.
Blue Origin's director of strategy and business development, Bretton Alexander, said ULA and at least one other launch provider are supporting Blue Origin's bid for Launch Complex 39A. In an emailed statement, ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye said a multi-user pad could offer a cost-effective option for launches, and could "serve as a backup to our existing sites."
The financial details of Blue Origin's and SpaceX's proposals for running Launch Complex 39A are shrouded in confidentiality, and NASA does not have a formal timetable for deciding which bid will be accepted — other than that the space agency wants to make the handover by Oct. 1.
It's not clear how much money would change hands under either of the proposed arrangements, if any. NASA is already committed to paying SpaceX $1.6 billion for 12 cargo flights to the space station, plus $440 million for the current phase of development for a crew-capable Dragon spacecraft. If SpaceX's bid is accepted, the company would presumably pay out a portion of that money for operation and maintenance of pad facilities.
In this clash of the billionaires, Blue Origin has at least one clear advantage: Bezos' net worth is estimated at $25.2 billion, almost 10 times Musk's estimated net worth of $2.7 billion. Meyerson has said that Bezos intends to be in the rocket business for decades to come. However, he made clear that Blue Origin would eventually have to pay its own way. Launch Complex 39A would be part of that strategy.
"You have to find a way to generate revenue," Meyerson said. "We're committed to the multi-user site. You have to get the price reasonable, you have to find ways to do the job at the right price point, and you have to market. ... This is a different model."
Update for 7:15 p.m. ET July 23: I originally said SpaceX had more than 1,800 employees, but the figure is actually more than 3,000. Also, SpaceX's Christina Ra amended her quote to reflect the company's expected priorities for Launch Complex 39A more precisely.
More about Blue Origin:
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com's science editor. Connect with the Cosmic Log community by "liking" the NBC News Science Facebook page, following @b0yle on Twitter and adding +Alan Boyle to your Google+ presence. To keep up with NBCNews.com's stories about science and space, sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter, delivered to your email in-box every weekday. You can also check out "The Case for Pluto," my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds.
David Bowie knew this was coming. Of course he did. How could he not? Bowie was dealing with cancer for a year and a half before he died; he had plenty of time to make preparations. More than that, though, Bowie has been thinking about death — his and others' — for his entire career. It's always been as present in his music as sex and drugs, and those three things may have always been indivisible for him.
Bowie's first iconic song was “Space Oddity,” released when he was 22 and written from the perspective of an astronaut who knows he's about to die. Bowie's Major Tom peacefully accepts that death. He finds stillness and wonder in it. There's no longing in his voice, no regret. He accepts that death with a sort of zen calm, and he figures it out long before ground control does. His last lines: “I think my spaceship knows which way to go / Tell my wife I love her very much, she knows.” It's only after he says that that ground control realizes that “something's wrong.” That's a literal interpretation, of course. The song was about heroin as much as anything, and Bowie made that connection concrete when he sang, “We know Major Tom's a junkie” on “Ashes To Ash” more than a decade later. But even with that in mind, it doesn't change the song's sweet embrace of oblivion, its resignation about things ending.
Bowie's first iconic album was Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars, and that album began with “Five Years,” another song about accepting the inevitable. In the song, for reasons unspecified, the world has learned that it has five years left before it ends. Civilization gets a good, long look at its impending death, and it freaks the fuck out: “A soldier with a broken arm fixed his stare to the wheels of a Cadillac / A cop knelt and kissed the feet of a priest, and a queer threw up at the sight of that.” Bowie, or Ziggy, or whatever character whose perspective he's using, doesn't feel much better about it. His head hurts, he thinks about everything he wants to cram into his brain, he wants to get back to his mother. But one person seems completely at peace with the apocalypse, and that person is “you”: “I think I saw you in an ice cream parlor, drinking milkshakes cold and long / Smiling and waving and looking so fine / Don't think you knew you were in this song.” Even with the world falling apart around him, Bowie focuses on the one person who knows how to find peace in eternity, who doesn't give a fuck.
Moments like these come back again and again over Bowie's career. Sometimes, they're explicit. Sometimes, they're anything but. If so inclined, you could even hear something like “Warszawa,” the haunted near-instrumental that opens the second side of Low, as an example of Bowie staring hard into the void. He's been doing this for forever, for longer than most of us have been alive. Back in 2012, rumors circulated that Bowie was at death's door, that he could go at any minute. And for all we know, maybe he was. Bowie turned elusive and secretive in his final years. He stopped performing, and he stopped showing up to see every cool new band playing its first Bowery Ballroom show. He didn't do interviews. For all we know, the cancer that finally killed him yesterday was a relapse of a cancer that almost killed him a few years ago. For a while there, I even entertained this weird fantasy that Bowie had already died and somehow kept it secret, that everything about The Next Day was some sort of beyond-the-grave transmission and Bowie had controlled the message by not letting his own death become a part of the narrative.
And all of that brings us to ? (Blackstar), the album that Bowie released only two days before he finally left us. To hear Tony Visconti, Bowie's longtime producer, tell it, Bowie knew very well that he was about to die, and he knew the album would be his final statement: “His death was no different from his life – a work of Art. He made Blackstar for us, his parting gift. I knew for a year this was the way it would be.” And so the album, which already sounded like a powerful statement when Bowie was still alive, takes on a totemic weight. It's not just Bowie's final statement. It's Bowie's statement on the finality of David Bowie.
We're going to spend years figuring out what Bowie was telling us with this album. But certain things about Blackstar already seem stark and obvious in the wake of his passing. For one thing, the album's catchiest song is named after Lazarus, the Biblical figure who rose from his grave. How could we not have seen that. Over a mournful fog of bass and brass, Bowie starts things off thus: “Look up here, I'm in heaven / I've got scars that can't be seen / I've got drama, can't be stolen / Everybody knows me now.” Then, later: “You know, I'll be free / Just like the bluebird / Ain't that just like me?” Well, yes, I suppose it is. Bowie grabbed ahold of his impending end, and he twisted it into a vast question mark. What a powerful, courageous way to look at the inevitable.
That quizzical courage is there, too, in the album's title track: “Something happened on the day he died / Spirit rose a meter, then stepped aside / Somebody else took his place and bravely cried / I'm a blackstar! I'm a blackstar!” Bowie isn't just talking about his own death. He's talking about what happens after, about the people who will come along and do other things with his spirit, who will go on their own adventures. For anyone else, that sort of statement might be presumptuous. For Bowie, if anything, it's an understatement. Nobody else in music history did what he did. Nobody has followed a freaky muse to as many places or made so many other people think that they could do the same. There will be more blackstars, and we have Bowie to thank for that.
Eight years ago, I worked for a music website that never launched. We had corporate backing and an editor with a very clear idea of what he wanted to do, and so we'd spend long and lazy pre-launch afternoons sitting around and being told the way things were going to be. One of those lazy afternoons, our boss ran an exercise. David Bowie had hypothetically died, he said. And here was how we were going to react. One writer would write the definitive obituary. Another would post up outside Bowie's New York apartment building and record the scene. Another would get on the phone and get quotes from as many of Bowie's peers and admirers as possible. (This was the moment before they'd all just jump on Twitter and Instagram.) Given all that, I should be more ready for Bowie's death. After all, I ran it like it was a drill. But still, I'm not ready. Only one person was really, truly ready. And that person was David Bowie.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe attends the upper house parliamentary session after reports on North Korea's missile launches, in Tokyo, Japan, March 6, 2017.REUTERS/Issei Kato
TOKYO (Reuters) - Support for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has plunged after questions were raised in parliament about a murky land deal involving an elementary school to which his wife had ties, according to an online poll published on Wednesday.
Abe has said neither he nor his wife, Akie, was involved in the deal for state-owned land purchased by Moritomo Gakuen, an educational body in the western city of Osaka that also runs a kindergarten promoting patriotism.
But an online survey by Japan's Nikkei business daily found that Abe's support fell to 36.1 percent in a survey conducted from March 4 to 7 from 63.7 percent in the previous week.
Of the 2,655 respondents, 70.8 percent said they would like the school principal and other relevant people to answer questions on the issue before parliament as opposition parties have demanded, a request that Abe's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) has so far refused.
The LDP on Sunday formalized a rule change that will allow party presidents a third consecutive three-year term, allowing Abe, who has been largely untainted by scandal and whose rule is now in its fifth year, to run again after his current tenure as party chief ends in September 2018. If the LDP stays in power, that makes it highly likely that Abe would remain as premier.
Japanese markets shrugged off the news, mainly because the school scandal is still viewed as a transient factor, said Hiroaki Hiwada, a strategist at Toyo Securities Co.
“Up to now, there haven't been any scandals in which Abe was the main actor, so that even though some foreign investors may be using this as a reason to hold back there are still many expectations for his policies based on the success of the recent Japan-U.S. leaders' summit,” he added.
Should the law be copyrighted? Internet activist Carl Malamud doesn't think so. He and his nonprofit organization, Public.Resource.org, have been putting HTML versions of legal code online—and then taking the issue to court (when other people aren't taking him first).
To be clear, it's typically not the legal code itself that's the issue, but the pages and pages of case law associated with the legal code. States such as Oregon and Georgia contend that the case law can be owned. In fact, with Georgia, it's owned by a private company, LexisNexis. Consequently, Malamud's publication of that case law violates the copyright of its owners. Georgia officials have gone so far as to call his publication of the material “terrorism.”
“Though the Supreme Court ruled 200 years ago that government work can't be copyrighted, a tug of war between private companies with contracts to publish state codes and open government activists has raised questions about the ruling's scope,” explains Alex Koma in StateScoop. “At issue are the annotations and summaries of legal opinions — which are meant to serve as reference points for lawyers and scholars — attached to the code. In Georgia, private research company LexisNexis has a contract with the state to offer the code freely online and in book form, for $378 per copy. Those documents serve as Georgia's official sources of state law.”
Malamud's contention is that the case law is inseparable from the law itself. That's aside from his claim that he's performing a public service by making the law freely available in a way that's typically easier to search and for open data efforts to use than the way it's online originally. He and other advocates contend that the Georgia case, and others like it, flies in the face of government open data initiatives that are intended to enable companies, nonprofit agencies, and individuals to develop products that make use of government data.
Malamud first published Georgia's legal code to his organization's website in 2013, and the state filed a lawsuit in the summer of 2015. For their part, LexisNexis and the state of Georgia point out that the company compiles this data and puts it in a format the state specifies for free, and that it recoups this investment by selling the data, Koma writes. If LexisNexis weren't allowed to do this, either the state would have to do it—and pay for it—on its own, or the work wouldn't get done, contended Georgia State Representative Johnnie Caldwell Jr., who served as chairman of the Georgia Code Revision Commission.
This isn't Malamud's first brush with the law on this end. Like fellow Internet copyright activist Aaron Swartz, Malamud has been involved with a number of issues related to his contention that certain information should be free to the public. For example, they worked together to help put material from the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) database online, an effort that Malamud is continuing.
Malamud went through a similar fight with the state of Oregon over publishing its legal code, but that was easier because the state hadn't contracted with a private company. He's also received cease-and-desist letters from several other states over his publishing of their legal code. But according to the Atlanta television news station 11Alive, Georgia is the only state to actually sue him for it.
The American Bar Association Journal named Malamud one of its “Legal Rebels”—“risk-takers and innovators, attorneys and others in the legal space who are pushing the envelope to expand and improve legal practice”—in 2009 based on his work in this area. In its award, the journal noted that in the 1990s, he put the Securities and Exchange Commission's EDGAR database online. He's now working on other types of legal code.
“Malamud's latest campaign is to liberate the Code of Federal Regulations, state administrative regulations and public safety codes (think building codes) incorporated by reference into state regulations,” wrote Jenny Davis. While the codes were developed by private companies and nonprofit organizations, they are written with the intention of including them in state code, which means they should be freely and publicly available, he contends.
In similar efforts, Malamud has also called on the IRS to release a searchable database of the Forms 990 submitted by nonprofit organizations (which it agreed to do last week), fought with the Harvard Law Review about its control over the way that people make citations in legal documents, and been threatened with jail for publishing the German safety codes associated with producing baby pacifiers.
What's made all this an issue is the fact that technology is now available to scan legal documents and put them online in an easily searchable fashion, potentially giving every U.S. citizen easier access to this information. “In the 1970s, there wasn't a better way of doing things since the publishers were the only ones who could publish the books,” Malamud told the ABA Journal in 2014. “Today there are much better ways of making this information available.”
Are you out of fish to catch?
What's left on your fly fishing bucket list? Steelhead, pike, striped bass? These are pretty simple, you could probably catch all 3 on one trip without a boat if you planned it right. How about things like tarpon, king salmon, muskie, sailfish, or other commonly pursued trophy fly rod trophies? These are a little tougher, but still easily accomplished with minimal resources and a little time. What about marlin? Trevally? Taimen? How about a tigerfish? These are the kinds of fish that we're talking about! Fish that really require a high level of commitment—both physical and financial. If you are seriously running out of fish to target on your next big trip, or just really want to have one up on your fishing buddies, have I got a trip for you!
What if you could target a trophy fish with a fly rod, that is still off everyone's radar? It's not going to be easy or cheap, but most things worthwhile aren't. Success is far from guaranteed, your personal safety may be in danger the entire time, and the budget of this will surely exceed that of the last several trips you've gone on combined.
A hundred years ago, this fish was unknown to man. Many people have still not heard of it, very few have actually seen one, even fewer have actually caught one, and almost no one has caught one on a fly.
The fish we're going after could only be one thing – the coelacanth.
“Aren't those the prehistoric ‘missing link' type fish only found in deep water off Africa” is what everyone says now. Yes they are prehistoric, and quite possibly are a missing link between primitive creatures and certain other animals. They do live in very deep water most of the time, but a select group of sportsmen from Africa has discovered times and places when these denizens of the deep come into range of sport fishermen. Sometimes WAY into range.
I had a chance, and very random conversation at a family function with a friend of a family member who told me the craziest fish story I had ever heard. As unbelievable as it was, I still found myself sending a letter [the paper kind] to a person on the other side of the globe. I got a response, and this led to a ton of research, me learning parts of 2 new languages, culminating in a 20,000 mile round trip journey involving almost every form of transportation you could think of, including a giant tortoise that hauled my gear at one point.
I sold one of my boats to help pay for the trip, sponsors paid for parts of the rest, and my generous hosts covered most of my expenses once there. Now, I am hosting a trip that will allow an obsessed and compulsive fly fisherman to accomplish what virtually no one has done before—coelacanth on a fly.
While these fish are well established as being denizens of very deep [100-500 meters, or 300 -1500 feet], it has recently been discovered that these fish actually come to shallows at certain times of the year. Remember, it wasn't all that long ago when we knew nothing at all of this fish, and since the first specimen was caught by a commercial fisherman in 1938 off the coast of Africa, there have been populations confirmed in other locales. My research has even uncovered rumors of American subspecies of coelacanth, but that's another story for another day.
At the far western fringe of the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean is a few very remote atolls that have the unique combination of a remote location, heavy environmental protection, and very specific habitat found virtually nowhere else on earth. These atolls are surrounded by very deep waters that are known to be the home of the aforementioned deep water coelacanths. The atolls we're concerned with each consist of a ring of islands surrounding very large lagoons. These lagoons connect to the deep ocean through distinct channels that have a high volume of water moving through them when the tide changes. It is in these channels where things get really interesting. While my new friend and guide Captain Stuart Bing is still putting all of the pieces of the puzzle together, it is a fact that the C-los [that's what we call them] come into and feed in these channels at certain times. It is believed that this strange occurrence revolves around a spawning ritual coinciding with a mass exodus of a local type of shrimp that call the lagoons home. During the biggest spring tides, these shrimp leave the lagoons by the thousands, and the C-los lie in wait in the channels, sometimes creating moonlit feeding frenzies that just cannot be believed. Yeah, I said moonlit, this is almost strictly a nighttime deal. These fish are very light sensitive, and it is at the time of the first full moon following the Perigean spring tide that this really gets going.
ONE OF OUR FAVORITE CHANNELS, THERE ARE OTHERS JUST LIKE IT!
Timing on this trip is crucial. A week too early or too late could mean no fish. We have studied the movements of these fish compared to tides and moon phases for the past few years and are confident that our next trip will be right on as far as timing goes. During this moon phase, it is thought that they stage in semi deep water out from the channel mouths during the day. Then, the C-los move into these channels as the sun sets, and they seem to alternate between feeding and mating behavior. The shrimp come out of the lagoons on the outgoing tide, the reason for this we don't know. We don't see them coming back on an incoming, at least not in any huge numbers, so this must be a time when the shrimp just disperse to populate other areas. When the shrimp start moving, it is not long before the C-los come calling.
When the C-los are feeding, it creates a disturbance that is hard to believe. There is a lot of jaw snapping, thrashing, and splashing as they gulp down these shrimp by the dozen. Other C-los will hear this and join the melee, and before you know it you can have schools of C-los numbering in the hundreds tearing up the channel. When they are feeding this way, they viciously attack virtually everything we have cast at them that even vaguely resembles these 3 -5” long shrimp. Then, perhaps when they've eaten enough, the entire group of fish will cease feeding and begin this other behavior that is hard to describe. It is reminiscent of how tarpon form a “daisy chain”, except that they move in more or less a straight line, so instead of “daisy-chaining”, we call it “crazy training”. If you are lucky enough to witness it, you'll see how fitting this name is, as these huge fish follow behind one another, biting at each other, and sometimes sticking their heads out of the water and loudly snapping their jaws. You can actually hear their jaws snapping from nearly a mile away. They always move into the current, and it is always the biggest fish at the front of the train. The others will follow wherever their leader goes, and it often ends up looking like and incredibly long snake as the train sinuates up the channel. Sometimes an intrepid individual will make a move that allows him to cut ahead of the fish in front of him—it usually starts with the trailing fish clamping down on the next fish's tail hard enough to get the front fish to spin around. This distraction allows the trailing fish to move up a place. Why it is desirable to move up in the train, we don't know. While the C-los start “training”, trying to get them to bite has proven futile—they are just not interested in feeding, and we've tried various lures and even live shrimp to no avail. This is just as well, because if you were there for the frenzy, it is likely that you've had enough fish fighting for a night, now it is time to enjoy the show.
OUR SPECIAL LIGHTS ILLUMINATED THIS GROUP AS THEY CHANGED FROM FEEDING TO “TRAINING”
The moon will be full, or at least mostly full for the duration of the trip, and once you are used to it you can see surprisingly well. There is also considerable bio-luminescence occurring, adding to the bizarre scene. If the moon does not cooperate, we have developed some special lighting systems that not only allow us to observe these magnificent fish, but also seem to draw the shrimp to whichever part of the channel we have staked out in.
So, we're fly fishing at night in one of the most remote areas on earth. An area known to have pirates, crocodiles, and huge sharks. Safety is a huge concern on these trips, and we have come up with multi-boat system that allows each angler to hook and land as much fish as is possible during a session. We fish from a Mother Ship that is anchored or staked out at a favorite spot in the channel.
OUR MOTHER SHIP–THE “TORTUGA”, NAMED AFTER THE GIANT TORTOISES FOUND ON THE ATOLLS
As the night progresses, the fish move up closer to the lagoon, and it is sometimes necessary to make a move in the middle of a session. While the Mother Ship is large, the designated casting area is relatively small, allowing for two anglers to cast at a time. When a fish is hooked up, the angler is escorted into a smaller “chase boat” [captained by your personal guide/valet] allowing the angler to keep the fish close and land it in a reasonable amount of time. Once the fish is landed, the guide drives the boat back and ties off to the Mother Ship. The successful angler can take a break, enjoy a snack or beverage while he waits for his turn to come up again. In a typical night, each angler will hook up about 5 times with a fifty percent landing ratio. Safety is always a concern, as pirates, smugglers and other malfeasants are known to pass through this area. The Mother Ship has a fulltime security crew including a gunner with a 50 caliber fully automatic rifle. Your guide will always be armed with both a rifle and a sidearm, and the chase boat has emergency supplies should you become unable to return to the mother ship. On more than one occasion it had been necessary to wait until daylight to rescue a chase boat that ended up in the open ocean while pursuing their fish. GPS and beacons make this process relatively simple. When we picked up one angler, he proudly showed off his giant fly reel that had been stripped of the quarter mile of backing.
CAPTAIN STU WITH ONE THAT WAS KEPT FOR DNA RESEARCH
Your guide will be at your side from the time you get picked up in Madagascar until you are dropped off. He will act not only as your fishing guide, but as your valet, assisting you with anything you need every step of the way. These guides are very knowledgeable of the waters and surrounding islands, and are very familiar with the fish and wildlife, as well as local culture. These guides are still learning the nuances of sport fishing though, and may not be able to offer much help with technical fly fishing questions or rigging. If you are not able to select and rig your tackle, tie knots, or handle and unhook fish, then this trip is not for you.
OUR TOP GUIDE TKAO HOISTS A BIG ONE BEFORE RELEASE
As far as tackle goes, this is a trip for heavy gear. You will be provided with a complete list of tackle and gear required for the trip, and only approved rods and reels will be allowed when we are set up for C-los. We've had pretty good success with 12 weights, and any current model from a respected fly rod company should suit you well. There are not any rods lighter than a #12 that will be allowed. Some anglers prefer the added beef of a true big game rod, like a #14, and using a rod like this will reduce the fight time. Be sure to have a reel to match, packed with as much backing as you can fit on it. Remember, these fish average 50 lbs., and you will have chances every night at fish over 100. We have seen and hooked some true giants, fish that look every ounce of 200 pounds, and if you don't want to end up on the wrong end of a rescue operation your tackle better be up to the task. There may be some opportunities for smaller gamefish like trevally or bonefish, so if you want to bring a few lighter outfits for these fish, that's fine. Just make sure that you have at least 2 outfits that are a #12 or heavier.
You will be fishing at night, so items often associated with saltwater trips like sunblock and polarized sunglasses are less important than you might think, but still bring them. More important are good deck shoes, fish fighting gloves [batting gloves work well], the largest size Boga Grip, and a CO-2 inflatable life vest [we ask that you leave this on at all times]. If you have not done so already, consider getting a concealer/carry permit before the trip. You cannot bring your own firearm on the trip, but permit holders will be issued a side arm one we are on location.
In the months leading up to the trip, we we be having several get-togethers where we will go over rigging, flies, fly tying, and general discussions of tactics and the logistics of the trip. These meetings can be viewed via skype if you can't make it. This trip is scheduled for spring of 2016, the complete itinerary and prices will be finalized in the summer of 2015.
I realize very well that this trip is not for everyone. For the truly adventurous angler, this is a trip that is unmatched. So unique is this trip that we will be accompanied by a crew from the Discovery Channel that will be compiling video for a two hour special scheduled to air during Shark Week of 2016.
If you would like to be on the mailing list for updates on this epic adventure, be sure to send me an email describing why you would like to go on this trip, be sure to describe your experience level and other trips you have been on. There is only room for eight anglers this time, depending on how this trip goes we expect to do a similar trip the following year that could allow for more anglers.
One more thing, be sure to let me know if you are up for some smallmouth bass or muskie fishing, we can catch lots of those much closer to home, using tackle you probably already have on water with virtually no pirates.
Thom Zahler hosted Katie Cook at Wondercon this year in a Spotlight panel on Sunday.
Katie welcomed people by saying that she was grateful to see people who loved her since plenty of people do not, though that's hard to believe at this point. The only thing her daughter wants is a Frozen Elsie dress, she said and it's the only thing you can't get in the park.
Her “quick intro” to her life was that she's a writer on My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, but has also worked for DC and Marvel, and is also doing a webcomic. In general, she said, she's a likeable person because she's Canadian, a people who do not like “scuffles”.
The format was largely Q&A, which a full room of fans were happy with. A child fan asked Cook if she's going to do any more Queen Chrysalis comics, and Cook said she'd love to and found the scariness and humor of the character interesting.
Cook said that her biggest fandom is for Jim Henson, the work of which inspires her to make things that kids can enjoy but also adults. Like the Muppets, that worked on both levels for audiences with subtle context. That's her “gold standard” of making both parties happy. When you're doing kids stuff, she wants stuff that's for her and for her kid, and she doesn't have to watch a show and think, “Oh God when is it over”.
She thinks that four issue arcs is probably the most you can do with a kid comic to keep attention, “This is not Crisis on Infinite Earths” she said.
She likes “taking characters down a notch”, she said, in response to “goddesses” in her comics and whether they are divine or not. Superman is her least favorite character because “I don't like anyone all-powerful” she said. If you have a god-like character, that's “annoying” she said.
Regarding her background, Cook said she has a BFA in illustration and minor in Art History which means she should be a “barista”. She has never wanted to be anything but a cartoonist, she said. “I want to have a newspaper strip” was her mantra as a kid.
When asked about her work at Marvel, she mentioned variant covers and doing “back up gags”, people hire her “to make the funny”, she said. She did one page of Hulk being kicked out of the Avengers and going through the five stages of grief, which involves smashing things.
When asked how she got into writing, she said it was a “broad and elaborate tale” of getting the writing gig on My Little Pony based on a single Tweet she made. It was like “People think you're funny on Twitter”, she said. She'd never been “just the writer” before. Then the issue was that she didn't know how to “hand off the reigns” to another artist, but it was liberating because “there are a lot of characters in My Little Pony” and it doesn't have to be her job to draw 6 characters in a panel. Including all the little identifying features of the different ponies.
But it does create issues when fans come up to her at cons and say “Oh you're an artist too?” and a little part of her shrivels and dies, she laughed. She creates little paintings at cons, and creates water colors, her way of “doodling” and throwing them on the table gives her the chance to actually talk to people, especially when people make strange requests. She gets to hear peoples' backstories that she can “steal for material” later on.
A fan asked if she's ever encountered issues with censorship and having stories rejected. She said at one point, Apple Jack says “buck this” and feels she shouldn't have put it in. It's not a boundary she feels she needs to push. If she writes Fraggle Rock and My Little Pony, you certainly stay away from “sex, drugs, and the holocaust” in kids comics. As long as she follows that rule, she feels she's ok.
Zahler pointed out what Cook has done a lot of work on Star Wars and asked how that's come about. Cook confirmed doing webcomics on Star Wars, and writing articles for Star Wars dot com. It comes from being a “giant nerd” she said, and came about through cons meeting people who were fans who asked her if she'd like to work on the property. Just showing off her artwork, people gave her a chance. “You can't put yourself out there if you don't put yourself out there in the first place” she said.
Her book about Cats is not a commentary on feminism, she said, responding to a tweet, but a book about how her cat “is a jerk”.
Growing up, her family were big Trekkies and kept her away from Star Wars, including a Star Trek themed Christmas tree. Her brother once wore a STNG uniform to school and it wasn't Halloween, but she “defected” in college. Regarding films, she said “I am all for more Star Wars. What are people talking about?”. If you have a delicious pie, do you say, “I don't want anymore”? No, she said. Comparing the situation to the possible reboot of Indiana Jones with Bradley Cooper, she said “anyone who doesn't want to see more Bradly Cooper is…male”, to laughter.
She wants to make a new generation of kids obsessed with what she does, and then Star Wars will live forever, so new Star Wars films are “good times”. “Yeah, Star Wars!” she concluded.
She has her own pony, but is useless coming up with pony names. Hers is named “Katie” and can't come up with another name. Maybe “Bitter Soul”, she said.
What's it like writing the Little Pony comics, a young fan asked. It's “nervewracking” she said because the fandom for the ponies is so huge. The current arc that just started is giving her “nightmares”, and she predicts she'll get a lot of tweets about how she is “like Satan”. Every issue that comes out creates a small backlash of hate. For the most part, she gets a lot of support. But she gets long, long e-mails from a certain corner of fandom. She said the worst two fans she's ever met were Doctor Who fans.
The audience prompted her to tell her fan stories. One person asked her to draw a David Tennant Doctor Who fan, who showed her a white wedding album that was carefully scrapbooked of photos where she'd photoshopped happy couples to look like herself and David Tennant, including a wedding. “I know how David Tennant dies”, she said to the audience, with this stalker. It's her cap on craziness now, and not even the person who introduced a puppet as his son was weirder than that.
On pitches that were “too weird”, she once pitched a Pinkie Pie story that editors said, “that's bizarre” but she's hoping to push it through at some point.
Her dream project that's never going to happen is to do “the Mauraders” with Skottie Young and the adventures of the Mauraders in Harry Potter at Hogwarts. She wants to do that, because that's the part of the universe that she wants more of, but it's never going to happen because of JK Rowling's “tight lid” on things.
Cook is very particular about drawing right on paper with it's “feel” and “smell” and her Cintiq is a “glorifies cat bed”. When she's “blocked” as a creator, she reads and watches bad TV or a movie. She keeps a sketchbook and doodles, lays out storylines, takes breaks.
A fan asked what her reaction was to the very first episode of Adventure Time and she “loved it” and thought “I want all of this”. Her favorite character is Rootbeer Guy.
It's hard to convey Cook's dry humor in print, but the panel was actually one of the most entertaining of Wondercon for fans, as she was happy to field even the strangest question and incredibly frank with her thoughts, feelings, and own fandom.
She is @katiecandraw on Twitter
About Hannah Means Shannon Editor-in-Chief at Bleeding Cool. Independent comics scholar and former English Professor. Writing books on magic in the works of Alan Moore and the early works of Neil Gaiman.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
TOKYO — A small explosion damaged a public toilet on the grounds of a contentious Japanese war shine on Monday, drawing police bomb squad technicians and firefighters to the scene and prompting the shrine to close some areas to visitors, the Japanese news media reported.
There were no reports of injuries at the shrine, Yasukuni, which has long been the focus of political tensions. It honors Japanese leaders convicted of war crimes by Allied tribunals after World War II, along with millions of common soldiers and sailors killed in that conflict and others since the 19th century.
Television news showed fire trucks and police vehicles gathered near the shrine's southern gate, and bomb squad members donning protective gear.
The authorities received an emergency call around 10 a.m. from a visitor reporting a loud bang and smoke emanating from the men's side of a public restroom just inside the gate, the news media reported. Several outlets said batteries and a pipe, possibly from a pipe bomb, were found inside.
Over the weekend Microsoft delivered a bombshell: Windows 10 is now free for anyone who wants it. Having written earlier this month that Windows 10 should be made free for everyone I'm thrilled by this news. Furthermore Microsoft has been very clever about how this works…
In short: anyone who installs the latest Windows 10 beta - build 10130 - will be upgraded automatically for free to the full Windows 10 Home retail version when it is released on July 29th. This is regardless of whether the previous version of Windows you were running was eligible for the free upgrade or not.
To spell it out: Windows XP, Windows Vista, excluded Windows 7 and Windows 8 users and even pirates who install Windows 10 beta build 10130 (available from the Windows Insider website) will get a full copy of Windows 10 for free and with no future costs during the lifetime of the platform.
Note: questions have been raised about the ambiguity of Microsoft's wording in its blog post. I've contacted Microsoft and requested a clarification due to conflicting reports and will update when I get a response. Either way, my thoughts below on why this would be great for Microsoft remain unaffected.
Confirmed: Microsoft has updated its original blog post and apologised for the confusion caused. In short: those previously ineligible for Windows 10 free upgrades can still get Windows 10 free on the condition they remain as 'Windows Insiders' after the release, aka ongoing beta testers. This means their only way to stay genuine is to keep updating to new preview builds as they appear (via the 'Fast' or 'Slow' ring) as older builds will expire for them and render their systems non-genuine. It's a clever move which keeps Windows 10 free to all by turning ineligible upgraders into long term beta testers for Windows 10 updates.
Why would Microsoft suddenly make this decision? In my opinion, for five very good reasons…
Reason #1: Perfect PR
Quite frankly the move is a marketing win for Microsoft at the perfect moment. Offering more users your latest software for free will only be greeted positively and it reinforces the image of a ‘New Microsoft' under Satya Nadella that is more progressive and open to the wishes of all customers.
The stigma surrounding Microsoft after Windows 8 may well be washed away in an instant.
Read more - When 'Free' Windows 10 Becomes Expensive, You Must Know This
Reason #2: Establish The Platform
And Microsoft needs all the good will it can get at the moment because, simply put, Windows 10 is Microsoft's most important software release in a decade. If you doubt that just ask why Microsoft called it ‘Windows 10' in the first place?
What makes it so crucial is Windows 10 truly unites both desktop and mobile, and massive take-up of Windows 10 on PC is crucial if Microsoft is to stand any chance of regaining a foothold in smartphone and tablet markets. After the relative failure of Windows 8, Windows 10 is all about increasing market share across every possible hardware device and that is more important than profit margins right now to a company with deep cash reserves.
Reason #3: Minimal Cost
Then again for those who do doubt Microsoft's decision from a financial perspective, I would argue the cost of extending Windows 10 to XP and Vista users will be minimal. After all these ageing machines will still need to meet Windows 10's minimum specification requirements, which will rule out many yet see Microsoft retain the moral high ground because the free offer was still there.
Of course legitimising Windows for millions of pirates around the world could be seen as significantly greater lost revenue. But let's be honest, this revenue was already lost by definition because these customers are pirates.
Read more - Windows 10 Free Upgrades Explained
On the other hand giving pirates legitimate copies could well re-monetise this lost group with sales of other apps and services by capitalising on their goodwill in being made legitimate. There's nothing to lose.
And it gets better...
Reason #4: A Final Mass Beta Test
By creating the caveat that previously excluded users must install the latest Windows 10 beta to get Windows 10 free, Microsoft will now gain millions of additional testers prior to launch. This should give the company masses of extra data and the potential to fix any outstanding bugs all these new PCs reveal.
Having seen both Vista and Windows 8 buried by buggy launches (despite the fact both were actually strong platforms after several updates) shows how crucial a positive, bug-free launch is. Windows 10 now looks certain to have that.
Read more - Why Windows 10 Upgrades Automatically On Windows 7 And Windows 8
Reason #5: Security
Extra beta testers not only means a less buggy launch, but getting millions more on Windows 10 should also mean users have a safer and more secure platform. This will go a long way to countering Windows' reputation for viruses and malware.
Even more fundamentally Microsoft no longer protects Windows XP from new threats and Windows Vista will be cut off in 2017. By contrast Windows 10 should be supported for at least a decade after launch.
Ongoing Concerns
Despite all this, I'm sure many will still grumble and there is some substance to the main complaints.
For starters the obligation to install beta software on your main computer to qualify for the free upgrade will be a risk many dislikes. On top of these Windows 10 launches in just over a month so there isn't a great deal of time for users to take advantage of the offer. There is also a lack of clarity about several points, including:
Why make the initial beta installation a step at all? Just start with the Windows 10 release
Why only quietly announce this major move within a low profile blog post that millions will miss?
Why announce it so late?
There will also be many who wonder if this is all part of some evil masterplan by Microsoft to get users onto subscription payments at a later date.
Personally I don't believe this will apply to Windows 10, but Microsoft has said its successor (just named ‘Windows') is going to use a subscription model and there will be fears that getting customers on Windows 10 will somehow make it easier to then force them onto ‘Windows'.
Then again, for my money, Microsoft has gotten all the big calls right over the last year. Now, in effectively giving Windows 10 free to anyone who wants it, I think it has nailed another one.
Read more - Why Microsoft Announced Windows 10 Is 'The Last Version Of Windows'
___
Follow @GordonKelly
“I remember.”
What do you remember, Gabby?
“I remember mittens, parked.”
It was exactly one year from the day that Gabby and 12 others were shot and six innocent victims were murdered, and we are at the parking lot of the Safeway at the corner of Oracle and Ina in Tucson. Gabby didn't really want to return for the anniversary but I encouraged her to. I thought that there might be some sort of closure if she returned to the very spot that forever changed her life. We didn't tell anyone. Pia Carusone, Gabby's chief of staff, and I discussed whether it would be a good idea to let the media know. There would have been a lot of interest, and it would certainly have been a powerful moment on TV. But this had to be a private time for Gabby to reflect on the tragedy that had devastated so many lives that day.
Earlier that afternoon I had done a television interview remotely from Gabby's congressional office. After the interview the cameraman saw me jump into a car with Gabby. He didn't know that we were en route to the Safeway. We weren't aware that he had followed us until Gabby and I got out of the car in the Safeway parking lot. He appeared out of nowhere. He was respectful and didn't get too close, allowing her a little privacy. We walked around to the front of the store, and the crowd slowly grew as the shoppers recognized that familiar face and walk. We had a short conversation with the assistant store manager who had been there on Jan. 8. Gabby took a close look at the rock garden memorial that Safeway built at the site, and then she and I started to talk about where she had been, where the shooter had been, who was standing around her, and where she fell after the 9mm round pierced her skull. She was interested, sad, and solemn. So was I. Gabby was taking it all in. She walked back and forth several times. She greeted the folks lining up around her and then she said to me, “I remember.”
Most of us can't remember where we parked our car when we walk out of a store. It happens to me often. But here was Gabby, who has defied the odds, and one of the two things that she remembers from that day is where she parked. She pointed to the spot, and it was exactly one year later. Up until this day the last thing she remembered leading up to 10:10 Arizona Time on January 8, 2010, was learning of the death of her favorite waitress the night before.
The anniversary weekend was good for Gabby, good for me and I think good for many of the remarkable people in the City of Tucson, Arizona. It was a chance for healing and closure and a moment to honor six special souls: Christina-Taylor Green, Dorwan Stoddard, Judge John Roll, Phyllis Schneck, Dorothy Morris and Gabriel Zimmerman. Gabby had known Judge Roll for years, and Gabe was a cherished member of her staff. Gabby would never have the opportunity to meet Christina, Dorwan, Phyllis and Dorothy.
Gabby was still in therapy six days per week, Sunday through Friday, though Sunday consisted of only one hour of music therapy. The therapy was working, and we had settled into a routine. That was why we were still living in Houston. Up at 7 a.m., out the door at 8 a.m, arrive at TIRR, and at 9 a.m., begin the sequence of physical, occupational and speech therapy. This was followed by more speech therapy in the afternoon. The harder Gabby worked the better she got. But as we approached the anniversary it was starting to become apparent to her and to me that she wouldn't be returning to Congress. One afternoon shortly after New Year's, Gabby and I were sitting on the couch in our living room in Houston. She turned to me and simply said, “step down.” It didn't take me more than a second to understand the meaning of those two words; Gabby intended to resign her seat in Congress.
We headed to Tucson for the anniversary knowing that this would be one of the last things she did as a Congresswoman with the constituents she loved so much. We arrived on Thursday afternoon, January 5, and spent much of the time with her staff and some of the families of the victims. Gabby had a short visit with Daniel Hernandez, the intern who had administered first aid and is credited with saving her life. Daniel is a big guy, and to see the two of them hug in Gabby's office was like watching a bear hug a bird.
One of the more difficult things Gabby did as we approached the anniversary was meet with the families of the victims. This is an emotional, draining experience for her. It is also a work in progress. During the Thanksgiving weekend just eleven months after the shooting, we scheduled a meeting with the Green family. Gabby was understandably nervous. John and Roxanna lost their smart and precious little girl on January 8 because she wanted to learn first-hand about democracy and meet Gabrielle Giffords. Christina never got to do that. She was shot through the chest and murdered just seconds before she was to be introduced to her congresswoman. Now Christina's parents and their son Dallas were meeting Gabby instead. It was an emotional encounter. Gabby and I expressed our grief for their loss. Christina was just the kind of kid Gabby loved to meet. She was smart, athletic, inquisitive, a force to be reckoned with. She was the star of her baseball team—no surprise, since baseball was in the Green family DNA. The meeting lasted an hour and we made a commitment to keep in touch. Gabby and I think of Christina often. It may be hard to imagine that you can miss someone you have never met. You can.
On the evening of January 8, 2012, we arrived at the University of Arizona, accompanied by more security than Gabby typically travelled with. While there were no known threats, this was one of those opportunities for another disturbed individual to violently and publicly strike out. So my tough-as-nails wife donned the bulletproof vest of perhaps the smallest member of the Tucson Police Department. With a scarf around her neck, Gabby was able to camouflage the vest. It was unfathomable to me that someone might try to harm Gabby again, but I didn't want to risk anything, and I really appreciated the extra measures taken by Gabby's Capitol Police detail, the Pima County Sheriff's Department and the Tucson Police Department.
As Gabby took the stage in front of a crowd of thousands, I could tell that despite the sadness of the moment she felt buoyed by doing something that didn't involve either painful physical therapy or mind jarring, frustrating speech therapy. She was once again U.S. Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and she was at work. That night on stage Gabby belted out the Pledge of Allegiance with few mistakes. I suspect that it might have seemed practiced, but the truth is that I had asked Gabby a few weeks earlier if she could recite it, and I only needed to get her started with the first word, “I.” I had checked one more time the day before to see if she had suddenly forgotten but she was good to go. I can't say that I've ever been more thrilled to hear those words and reflect on what they stand for. I loved her so much.
Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle, Washington that competes in Major League Soccer (MLS). Sounders FC was established on November 13, 2007, as an MLS expansion team, making it the 15th team in the league. Fans chose the Sounders name through an online poll in 2008, making the Seattle Sounders FC the third Seattle soccer club to share the name. The list encompasses the major honours won by Seattle Sounders FC, records set by the club, their managers and their players.
Honors [ edit ]
Players celebrate after winning the 2009 U.S. Open Cup
Seattle Sounders first trophy was the 2009 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, which they won against D.C. United. The club also won the Heritage Cup for the first time the following year against the San Jose Earthquakes.
Domestic [ edit ]
Preseason and Friendly Trophies [ edit ]
Player records [ edit ]
Goals scored [ edit ]
Competitive, professional matches only.
As of November 9, 2018
Assists [ edit ]
MLS Competitive, professional matches only.
As of November 9, 2018
Appearances [ edit ]
Youngest [ edit ]
Miguel Montaño the youngest player to appear for the Sounders
All statistics are correct as of December 13, 2010 .
Oldest [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of May 5, 2014 .
Goalscorers [ edit ]
In a season [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of October 5, 2014 .
In a single match [ edit ]
Blaise Nkufo, the first ever player to score a hat-trick for the Sounders
All statistics are correct as of August 8, 2016 .
Most goals in a single match:[5]
Fastest [ edit ]
Fastest recorded goal:
In first appearance [ edit ]
International [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of August 8, 2016 .
Award winners [ edit ]
MLS Best XI
The following players have been in the MLS Best XI while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Player of the Month
The following players have been MLS Player of the Month while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Goalkeeper of the Year
The following players have received the MLS Goalkeeper of the Year Award while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Defender of the Year
The following players have received the MLS Defender of the Year Award while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Comeback Player of the Year
The following players have received the MLS Comeback Player of the Year Award while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Newcomer of the Year
The following players have received the MLS Newcomer of the Year Award while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
MLS Rookie of the Year
The following players have been MLS Rookie of the Year while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:
FutbolMLS.com Latino del Año
The following players have received the Latino del Año award while playing for the Seattle Sounders FC:[14]
Managerial records [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of April 28, 2014 .
First full-time manager: Sigi Schmid (managed the club for 194 league matches from March 2009 to July 2016). [15]
Longest spell as manager: Sigi Schmid (managed the club for 194 league matches from March 2009 to July 2016).
First manager from outside the United States: Sigi Schmid (German – managed the club for 194 league matches from March 2009 to July 2016).
First managed to win a MLS Cup: Brian Schmetzer
International competition [ edit ]
By opponent [ edit ]
As of March 14, 2018
Team records [ edit ]
Matches [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of December 1, 2012 .
Record wins [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of July 13, 2016 .
Record win:
Seattle Sounders FC 7–0 UCF Knights; Preseason; February 11, 2009
Record Major League Soccer win:
Record CONCACAF Champions League win:
Record losses [ edit ]
All statistics are correct as of May 11, 2014 .
Record loss:
Record Major League Soccer loss:
Record CONCACAF Champions League loss:
A YubiKey is a hardware authentication device that can be used for various one-time password (OTP) and authentication methods. This article explains some of the ways to use the the YubiKey4 with Fedora. Other versions may be incompatible or require additional configuration.
What is a YubiKey?
From the Yubico site: “A YubiKey is a small device that you register with a service or site that supports two-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication means that each time you log in, the service will request proof that you have your YubiKey in addition to your regular username and password. Phishing, malware, and other attack methods don't work because they would need both your physical key and your passwords to breach your accounts.”
Two-factor authentication with the Yubico Authenticator tool
The Yubico Authenticator tool lets you generate OATH one-time password codes with your YubiKey. It can store up to 32 OATH event-based HOTP and time-based TOTP credentials on the device itself, which makes it easy to use across multiple computers. The software is freely available in Fedora in the `
yubioath-desktop`
package, and also provides a
yubioath-cli
command-line tool. If you desire the gui version after install invoke yubioath-gui.
GPG smartcard for SSH authentication
The YubiKey4 contains an OpenPGP smartcard applet, which lets you import and GPG keys on the hardware. You can also use these keys for SSH authentication to remote machines with the `
gpg-agent`
. This allows you to use GPG and SSH without storing any private keys on your computer at all.
You'll first want to go through the “Importing Keys” instructions for setting up your GPG keys. Then there is a great guide created by a number of Fedora contributors for configuring GPG and GNOME to use your YubiKey as a GPG smartcard for SSH authentication.
FIDO Universal 2nd Factor
U2F is an open authentication standard that enables internet users to securely access any number of online services, with one single device, instantly and with no drivers or client software needed.
Fedora ships the `
<a href="https://apps.fedoraproject.org/packages/pam-u2f">pam-u2f</a>`
package which provides an easy way to integrate the Yubikey (or other U2F-compliant authenticators) into your existing user authentication infrastructure.
Authentication with PAM
You can use your YubiKey to log in to your Fedora machines by configuring PAM with the pam_yubico module. There are detailed instructions for how to do this on the Fedora Wiki.
Other resources
Farmworkers in the nation's largest agricultural state will be entitled to the same overtime pay as most other hourly workers under a new law signed Monday by California Gov. Jerry Brown.Brown, a Democrat, announced that he had signed legislation that chips away at a nearly 80-year-old practice of applying separate labor rules to farmhands.Brown signed the bill following a push by the United Farm Workers union and its allies, who say exempting farmworkers from labor laws is racist and unfair.Agricultural groups warn the change will severely harm one of California's largest industries.The new law will be phased in beginning in 2019.California employers currently must pay time-and-a half to farmworkers after 10 hours in a day or 60 hours in a week. That's longer than the overtime pay for other workers, who get it after eight hours a day or 40 hours a week.
AT&T has become the first major advertiser to come out against a measure outlawing “homosexual propaganda” that has led to protests aimed at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, as well as the first to urge “others involved with the Olympic Games” to do the same.
AT&T's decision, expressed in strong, unequivocal language, was made known on Tuesday through a post on a company blog. “We stand against Russia's anti-L.G.B.T. law,” the post said, using shorthand for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender. “Russia's law is harmful to L.G.B.T. individuals and families, and it's harmful to a diverse society.”
While a notable first, it is not the milestone that the protesters had sought. They have been targeting 10 giant sponsors of the International Olympic Committee to join them in condemning the law. Those sponsors, which pay for the rights to affiliate with the Olympics around the world, include Coca-Cola, General Electric, McDonald's, Procter & Gamble, Samsung and Visa — but not AT&T, which is a sponsor of the United States Olympic Committee.
AT&T acknowledged that in its post, then stated that as a sponsor of the United States Olympic movement since 1984, the company had “showcased American athletes and celebrated their diversity all around the world.”
SAN DIEGO – An Old Navy tweet announcing the beginning of its newest sale attracted some negative feedback over the weekend.
The clothing store's #ThankYouEvent featured an interracial couple and their child posing.
Oh, happy day! Our #ThankYouEvent is finally here. Take 30% off your entire purchase: https://t.co/nGQ9Pji1pN pic.twitter.com/vq4mIczm6A — Old Navy Official (@OldNavy) April 29, 2016
One Twitter user said, “That's horrible what is wrong with you? Boycotting Old Navy not that I wore that crap before.”
Old Navy quickly responded to the tweet:
@mak_morn3 We are happy to help. Can you tell us what has disappointed you ? Thanks! — Old Navy Official (@OldNavy) April 29, 2016
The user then said, “Take a guess. Your clothes are crap quality and now you're promoting miscegenation. Disgusting!”
Another Twitter user said, “My family and I will never step into an @OldNavy store again. This miscegenation junk is rammed down our throats from every direction.”
My family and I will never step into an @OldNavy store again. This miscegenation junk is rammed down our throats from every direction. — Cultural Combat (@CulturalCombat) April 29, 2016
@OldNavy Absolutely disgusting. What's next? Gender neutral bathrooms? Pedophilia acceptance propaganda?! Never shopping here again. — M (@RousetheMasses) April 30, 2016
@OldNavy Old Navy HATES White babies!
It takes a White mother and a White father to make a White baby.
Stop #WhiteGeocide — Mary Whittier (@marylovefreedom) April 29, 2016
Many other replies were supportive:
“Hey Old Navy, my family and I thank you for the diversity in this ad! #LoveWins, no matter the color,” a user posted to Twitter.
Hey @OldNavy, my family and I thank you for the diversity in this ad! #LoveWins, no matter the color ❤️ pic.twitter.com/TjgYUPMGu4 — KHARY PENEBAKER (@kharyp) May 1, 2016
@OldNavy thank u 4 this ad.I shared a pic of my bro(who serves his country overseas)and his beautiful family. pic.twitter.com/gOPKcgArVX — julie king (@julieluvskrazy) May 2, 2016
@OldNavy from our family to yours, Thank You!!! Families like our will continue to succeed and grow in number! pic.twitter.com/stoTQT2q98 — TJ Willis (@MikesSunshyne) May 1, 2016
Hey Old Navy, love your new ad! I don't shop there regularly but will definitely be going this week! #lovewins pic.twitter.com/iDohUc7pmy — Deirdre (@deirdreshavon) May 2, 2016
.@kharyp @OldNavy Thank You Old Navy! Interracial families are beautiful and we appreciate the representation! pic.twitter.com/kVNuGHfAB9 — Noelle Devoe (@Noelle_CD) May 2, 2016
After significant publicity and a rapidly appreciating conversion rate, Bitcoin is a widely recognized phenomenon. But to some extent it's also still a geeky crypto-currency held by a relatively small number of people — who, at least in a recent case, have proven themselves generous to fellow enthusiasts. Yesterday, ESPN's College Gameday picked up footage of a fan holding a sign that said "Hi Mom send Bitcoin" (using the Bitcoin symbol), then a QR code for a Bitcoin address. The fan, who identified himself on Reddit as BItcoinPitcher2, said he expected maybe a few people would scan the code and send money and wasn't even sure the code would work. Instead, a check of the address shows about 22.4 bitcoins in the wallet, or around $22,000 as of this writing. As one Redditor points out, it's always possible this was one person sending money to himself, but there's so far no sign the account was artificially seeded.
BitcoinPitcher2 has said he's going to donate the majority of the money to Bitcoin charity Sean's Outpost, which uses the currency to help the homeless in Pensacola, Florida. The response on Reddit, meanwhile, has been overwhelmingly positive. Some users see the sign and resulting donations as pure good publicity for Bitcoin: "This is a chance for us to basically buy coverage on television!" says one. "If we each send him a little ... then some producer or writer is very likely to follow up with a story about the kid and how easy it was for people worldwide to send him money with just an onscreen flash of a QR code. This could lead to more kids doing the same at other games and so forth."
Others saw it as dispelling the perception that Bitcoin users simply hoard their currency — which, considering how quickly it's gone up in value, isn't an unreasonable move. And as the above comment hints, some hope it will showcase how simple it is to send money, especially internationally. "It goes to show how quickly and efficiently wealth flows when the government and banks aren't getting in the way," says one user. The flip side of this, of course, is that bitcoins could be theoretically kept out of the government's hands entirely, but BitcoinPitcher2 says he still intends to pay taxes on his earnings. "It's the right thing to do whether or not I get caught," he writes. "And if / when I get Dox, IRS will PWN me."
Update: The first image in this article was altered with a different QR code; it's been replaced with the original.
About 1000 protesters massed in the streets of Pul-i Alam in the central Logar Province on Sunday, angry about a NATO attack that they alleged killed innocents. The demonstrators then set fire to 16 NATO convoy trucks carrying fuel for Western troops. The US military insists that its raid only killed bad guys. Local Afghan officials complained that the raid was not coordinated with them. You couldn't say that in this instance NATO was winning hearts and minds. And, increasing attacks on NATO convoys are especially worrisome given that the instability in Kyrgyzstan may endanger US and NATO use of the Manas air field for resupply of troops in Afghanistan.
President Hamid Karzai will stop off in Delhi to meet with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday on his way to a meeting in Bhutan of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC). Early indications are that Singh will attempt to discourage Karzai from his plan of negotiating with hard line Muslim forces such as the Taliban and bringing them into the government.
India sees Muslim fundamentalist forces in Afghanistan as generally under the sway of Pakistan, and also fears the bombings and political instability of the Taliban and similar groups.
As AP reports, India and Pakistan are conducting a vigorous contest for influence in Aghanistan, with India having invested $1.3 bn in civilian aid for that country, over 3 times what Pakistan has.
India just announced that it would fund the construction of 13 school buildings in the eastern Kunar Province. Kunar is a Taliban stronghold and perhaps New Delhi hopes that better-educated young people in such places will be less likely to turn to Muslim fundamentalism, which frequently has a rabidly-anti-India agenda.
The mysterious sickening of dozens of Afghan schoolgirls at the Khadijat al-Kubra girls' school in the northern province of Qunduz has raised the question of whether Taliban are using poison gas on the girls. Some say that they smelled something unusual in the playground just before they fell ill. Qunduz is about a third Pashtun (and is unusual in this regard for a northern province), and a minority of the Pashtuns there support the Taliban. During their reign of terror in the 1990s, the Taliban closed girls' schools and immured women in their homes.
Luke Harper was set free. Erick Rowan was set free. Then, on Monday night, we learned “it's coming.” Hey, WWE, please don't make “it” anyone wearing any kind of animal costume. Please? Adam Rose's bunny isn't the worst thing to happen to professional wrestling, but when it's on the same show as a “mini gator”, it can be a bit much. Leave the comedic angles to Damien Mizdow, as he is officially the greatest professional wrestler of all-time (relax, it's a joke). Bunnies, gators and bulls aside, it does appear that “it” is coming in the form of a new Wyatt family member (or members). Speculation has already begun on whom the newbies might be. NXT appears to have a few stars ready for the call-up, and The Ascension might make the most sense. They're dark, dominant, and if Bray wants to lead another tag team, who better? The guys from the indies don't seem like a fit, and haven't logged enough NXT time to jump up to RAW. Kevin Steen looks closest to the part, but he's likely a ways away. The Ascension could be the next to follow the buzzards.
What's to make of the former Wyatt followers now? With a paper-thin babyface roster, Luke Harper might be headed for a little push, at least for some depth (WWE needs it, badly). The internet already loves him, so Harper's ascension (no pun intended) would please marks across the web. Rowan, on the other hand, is much less over and let's face it – much less talented than his former tag partner. He could be destined to link up with another tag partner, or be the next Authority stooge for all we know. Harper, on the other hand, could get a slow, “tester” push, perhaps in matches with upper-midcarders until he's ready to face his former leader, Mr. Bray Wyatt. (Harper vs. Wyatt? #LetTheInternetExplode) Harper vs. Sheamus, Harper vs. Cesaro, Harper vs. Miz, Harper vs. Kane – these are all plausible matches, depending on his creative direction. Perhaps the most likely is an immediate feud with Erick Rowan.
Shot-in-the-dark predictions:
Who is “it”? – The Ascension
What's next for Luke Harper? – A feud with Rowan, where Harper goes over and Rowan gets re-packaged.
What's next for Erick Rowan? – A feud with Harper, as the heel. After losing to his former tag partner, he links up with The Authority, having various Smackdown matches with Dean Ambrose, and other anti-Authority figures.
What's next for Bray Wyatt? He leads The Ascension onto the scene, and goes after Dolph Ziggler's Intercontinental Championship, as previously rumored. Wyatt wins the belt and gets challenged by Chris Jericho when he returns later this year.
Follow-on Twitter
Photo credit: WWE
Anakata – Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, one of the founders of The Pirate Bay, and an early technical assistant of WikiLeaks – is still held in Danish solitary confinement without much intellectual stimulus at all. I thought we could send some books to him, and I'm starting with sending one of my own.
In a Danish solitary confinement, Anakata has finally received access to his own books, which he has presumably read and re-read a number of times, already knowing them mostly by heart anyway since he's a hacker extraordinaire. The one-percent sociopolitical elite has come down on this individual like a ton of bricks, from the thoroughly banana-republic corrupt Pirate Bay trial, via a very strange extradition from a country without such an agreement which just happened to coincide with a $40 million one-time extra foreign aid package, to the current months-on-end torturous solitary confinement.
If it walks like a duck, looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's a sign of the one-percent sociopolitical establishment throwing due process out the window in multidimensional corruption, in order to make an example out of an individual that pulled down their pants to enable a next generation of entrepreneurs to replace them.
And in a Danish solitary confinement, Anakata is bored out of his mind since months back. That's unworthy. But at least we can do something here. I'm sending Anakata a book, one book, and I'm hoping many join me in this rather simple action.
It's important that I'm not sending books because of what I think or don't think of the facts in the current electronic trespassing case. That case is totally irrelevant in the big picture. I'm sending Anakata a book because he helped millions of people out of poverty into skilled craftsmanship by founding The Pirate Bay, giving the poor access to software kits and learning tools; because he drove innovation and consistently opposed censorship through that platform; and because he helped Wikileaks get off the ground in publishing the Collateral Murder video. Also, because he has been consistently hunted by the establishment to be made an example of through an entire sleeveful of dirty tricks and disregard for basic due process. “All for one, one for all.”
I'm sending a copy of my book Swarmwise. It may not be an overly technical book, but the point is that it's something. Also, a lot of books arriving from many people is obviously a political statement as well.
Send a book to this address;
Mr. Gottfrid Svartholm Warg
c/o krimass JH Jørgensen
Politigården
DK-1567 København
DENMARK
Also, there's the notable possibility that he's not allowed to receive books from the outside. If so, do include a note that if this is the case, that the book should go to the jail library (“Koege's Library”) instead, so he can request them from there – he needs author and title to do so. In order to do that, he must know what books have been sent, so he is able to request them from the library – he has no means of finding out what books have been sent otherwise. Please tweet author and title using hashtag #bookstoanakata, like this:
#bookstoanakata Rick Falkvinge - Swarmwise
…and I'll enter them into the list below, and then Anakata's mother @KSvartholm will forward the list on the next short visit, for Anakata to finally get some intellectual stimulus in months-long solitary confinement, whether it's from books sent to him directly or requested from the jail library once he gets the list.
UPDATE: Apparently, some of the restrictions were lifted a while back, and Anakata is now allowed to see other inmates, as well as one hour per day of walking about in an exercise yard. This means he's technically no longer in solitary confinement, as was erroneously stated above. Still, restrictions remain on any kind of intellectual stimulus, specifically including books and reading materials, so the point of the article remains.
Books Sent So Far
Rick Falkvinge – Swarmwise
Tomas Sedlacek – Economics of Good and Evil [Jan20]
Ernest Cline – Ready Player One [Jan22]
Jimmy Corrigan – The Smartest Kid on Earth [Jan24]
Daniel Suarez – Daemon [Jan24]
Daniel Suarez – Freedom [Jan24]
Have your say
A train that will connect London to Edinburgh in 45 minutes is a step closer to reality after being shortlisted for Elon's Musk's Hyperloop One project.
DOWNLOAD THE EDINBURGH EVENING NEWS APP ON ITUNES OR GOOGLE PLAY
The Hyperloop One project aims to create high speed travel by putting 760mph trains on superfast railways.
Initially, more than 2,600 journeys were suggested as potential journeys for superfast trains, however, this has now been whittled down to 35 with Edinburgh-London remaining on the Elon Musk shortlist.
Although the move would need to be approved by the government, if the proposals went ahead, the trains would connect the Scottish Capital to London in 45 minutes with London to Manchester taking just 18 minutes.
Other proposed routes on the Hyperloop One Porject include Sydney to Melbourne, Shanghai to Hangzhou and Mumbai to Delhi.
Under the plans, conventional trains would be replaced by pods that would speed along rails.
The project has, thus far, raised over $160 million to make superfast travel a reality.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil may not be carving up defences l ike he did with Arsenal last year , but the midfield creator showed he still knows how to put on an assist - even if it was off the pitch and with a kebab knife instead of a football.
The German international recently got back to London after a trip to Turkey, from where his family originally hails, and was clearly still in the mood for the nation's popular cuisine upon his return.
After enjoying some of Istanbul's finest dining with new flame Amine Gulse, Ozil showed that even the most professional footballers crave unhealthy food - with a trip to a kebab shop in Golders Green.
Once at the restaurant, Arsenal's no.10 was only too happy to help out behind the counter, slicing the meat for a doner kebab in front of a film crew.
(Image: Vantagenews.com)
(Image: Vantagenews.com)
He has been given time off by Arsene Wenger after suffering back spasms - to ensure he is ready for the trip to Anfield to face Liverpool on March 4th.
The Gunners have a rare free weekend because of Southampton's involvement in the EFL Cup final on Sunday.
And the 28-year-old will be hoping that a short break from football - and the attentions of former Miss World Turkey Gulse - will help him to rediscover his best form on the pitch.
After chipping in with 19 assists in the Premier League last term, the World Cup winner has only managed four so far this term.
(Image: SE)
Mesut Ozil's Premier League assists for Arsenal 9 2013/14 5 2014-15 19 2015-16 4 2016-17
[1]) in recorded human history. Suicide rate in Hungary (1950-2005), 1983: 45.3 suicides per 100,000 people, it was the second highest rate (after Lithuania, 1995: 45.6) in recorded human history.
The Finno-Ugrian suicide hypothesis proposes to link genetic ties originating among Finno-Ugric cultures and ethnicities to high rate of suicide, claiming an allele common among them is responsible.
Mari and Udmurts have been found to have a three times higher suicide rate than Finns and Hungarians. It has been thus theorized that such a possible allele may have arisen in those populations.[citation needed]
However, contrary to the hypothesis, available contemporary (1990–1994) suicide rates were uniformly negatively associated with these ancestry proportions. The findings of this first test outside Europe are therefore conflicting. A proposal based on the geographical study approach is offered to further the progress of investigations into the genetics of suicide.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Zoologger is our weekly column highlighting extraordinary animals – and occasionally other organisms – from around the world
Even though it is 4 metres long, this humpback whale calf was no match for a group of dusky sharks
Species: Dusky shark (Carcharhinus obscurus, pictured below)
Habitat: Temperate and subtropical waters worldwide
Advertisement
You're never big enough to be safe. At least one type of shark seems to have a taste for baby whales.
Spotted off the eastern coast of South Africa, in the Pondoland Marine Protected Area, a humpback whale calf some 4 metres long endured a harrowing ordeal, beset by a group of dusky sharks, each 2 to 3 metres long.
These beasts tend to dine on fish found in coastal and pelagic waters and occasionally marine mammals such as dolphins and porpoises.
But on this occasion, they were more adventurous.
Witness to an attack
For a couple of hours the humpback whale calf swam in circles, pursued by between 10 and 20 sharks, says cinematographer Morne Hardenberg, who witnessed the encounter (see top picture).
The calf was bitten many times, thrashed vigorously at the surface when attacked, and attempted to swim away.
“We stayed with it for a while and it was doing the same manoeuvring, with the sharks following it, and then it just disappeared,” he says. The calf probably drowned from exhaustion, its carcass never recovered – it's not clear if the sharks ate it in the end.
This is the first time any shark has been directly documented attacking a whale. Other species, such as tiger sharks, are known to be partial to whale meat, but they get it by scavenging.
Matt Dicken from the KwaZulu-Natal Sharks Board in South Africa, who with his colleagues published a report of the incident, believes that such attacks might be more common than we think. “It's still probably quite rare, but they are happening,” he says.
The East African humpback whale population is growing, so we might see more shark attacks in future, Dicken's paper suggests.
Apart from humans and the occasional orca known to attack babies, whales don't really have predators, probably simply because of their size. Humpbacks, for example, grow to some 15 metres long.
Ancient whale eaters
But it wasn't always like this. The massive megalodon shark, which has been extinct for 2.6 million years, is thought to have preyed regularly on baleen whales, says Samuel Gruber of the Bimini shark lab in the Bahamas. The evidence for this comes from megalodon tooth marks found on whale bones.
Still, sharks are unlikely to pose a regular danger to healthy whale calves, Gruber says, suggesting this calf might have been injured. Or it may have been abandoned by its mother, says Dicken, and so was more vulnerable.
Sardine run
So was this an organised attack to secure dinner?
Sharks are highly social and can hunt cooperatively, says Gruber. This observation happened during the sardine run, a vast fish migration in which cooperative feeding is observed with several shark species, dolphins, sea lions and seabirds, he says.
Dicken doesn't think that the sharks were actually hunting together. They were probably just aggregating around the calf attacking it opportunistically, he says.
Journal reference: Marine and Freshwater Research, DOI: 10.1071/MF14317
Read more: “When humans attack: The fallout of the shark slaughter“; “Deep sea special: The curious afterlife of whales”
(Images: Top – Morne Hardenberg; Second – Flip Nicklin/FLPA)
In an interview with the German newspaper, "Süddeutsche Zeitung," published on Friday, Lagarde poured cold water on the assumption that the IMF would have a stake in the next 86-billion-euro ($9- billion) bailout for Greece.
She said Athens would have to meet two criteria to convince the IMF.
First, it would have to come up with effective, long-lasting fixes to its cash-strapped retirement system, one of Europe's most expensive. Second, it would have to show creditors it is capable of getting debt down to sustainable levels.
"It is clear that pension reform is the trigger that will prove that Greece's economic position is improving," Lagarde said.
But at the moment, these criteria have not been met, Lagarde said. Realistically, the IMF may need until the second half of 2016 to decide whether it wants to get involved in a third bailout for Greece, the "Süddeutsche" reported.
A welcome about-face
The interview was published a day after the Greek Finance Minister, Euclid Tsakalotos, received praise in Brussels from his eurozone counterparts for saying his government had accepted the IMF's role in a third bailout program.
Tsakalotos' assurances marked an about-face in Athens' position toward IMF involvement. Just last December, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said his country's European creditors should handle the bailout on their own.
Germany, which has insisted the IMF be involved from the beginning, worries that creditors represented by the European Commission alone wouldn't be strict enough with profligate Greece.
A tough test
Making good on its promises to overhaul spending, Athens submitted a blueprint for how it intends to reform its pension system to officials in Brussels last week.
Greece has one of the most expensive - and, officials often caution, unsustainable - retirement systems on the Continent. Where four workers once paid into the system to support one pensioner, their payments must now suffice for three.
A review of Athens' reform plans could begin as early as next week, a top European official told a Greek newspaper in an interview on Friday. Passing that review is a prerequisite for talks to start on the debt relief that Greece so badly needs.
"We are ready to start the review as soon as possible, most likely next week," European Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis told the Greek daily Kathimerini. "But we are not setting any time limit for when the review should be concluded."
cjc/hg (Reuters, AFP, dpa)
[dropshadowbox align=”center” effect=”lifted-both” width=”full” height=”” background_color=”#ffffff” border_width=”1″ border_color=”#dddddd” ]
Update 2/3/2015, 12:00 PM: We've acquired Superintendent Bill Boyd's email at bboyd@kisd.esc18.net. Principal Roxanne Greer's email is rgreer@kisd.esc18.net. Let them know what you think! Also, since the review system at Great Schools is not allowing our reviews, go leave a review on their Google+ page! Also, here is the previously-hidden link to the school's “Bully Reporting Form.” Report Principal Roxanne Greer for bullying Aiden Steward!
UPDATE 2/3/2015, 9:00 AM: it has come to my attention that GreatSchools.com is deleting our reviews (you can still upvote others' comments, however), and the bully report form has been disabled by the school district since so many people were reporting Roxanne Greer. These things may change, but it is the current situation as of 2/3/2015, 9:00 AM central US time.
2/2/2015: Call to action: give Kermit Elementary School a negative one-star rating at Great Schools.com. Kermit Elementary has a “bully report form.” Use that form to report principal Roxanne Greer as the bully of Aiden Steward. Also, call Kermit School District at (432) 586-1000, or the elementary school directly at (432) 586-1020, and demand that everyone involved in the suspension of Aiden Steward be fired. [/dropshadowbox]
Is there something in the water that teachers and administrators at public schools drink that transforms them into anti-intellectual sociopaths? Is it some kind of requirement that, upon receiving your teaching certificate, you are required to turn in your common sense and human decency at the door?
Welcome to Kermit Elementary. I'm embarassed to say that it's in my home state of Texas. From NY Daily News:
[su_quote]Kermit Elementary School officials called it a threat when the 9-year-old boy, Aiden Steward, in a playful act of make-believe, told a classmate he could make him disappear with a ring forged in fictional Middle Earth's Mount Doom.
The Stewards had just watched “The Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies” days earlier, inspiring Aiden's imagination and leading him to proclaim that he had in his possession the one ring to rule them all. Aiden claimed Thursday he could put a ring on his friend's head and make him invisible like Bilbo Baggins, who stole Gollum's “precious” in J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy series “The Lord of the Rings.”[/su_quote]
Just when you thought public school administrators could not get any dumber. As if the boy being suspended for having a pop tart in the shape of a gun wasn't enough. As if the nine year-old boy being suspended for sexual harassment for commenting to another student that a teacher was “cute” wasn't enough. As if a million other examples weren't enough.
Sometimes I'm amazed that kids learn anything in school. So now this nine year-old boy's education has to be interrupted and he has to feel like a criminal simply because of the crime of using his imagination. This has gone far beyond zero tolerance for anything that could be twisted and bent to be viewed as remotely threatening. It's now become zero tolerance for having an imagination, period.
But this isn't the first time he's been suspended by the school. The article continues:
[su_quote]The family moved to the Kermit Independent School District only six months ago, but it's been nothing but headaches for Aiden. He's already been suspended three times this school year.
Two of the disciplinary actions this year were in-school suspensions for referring to a classmate as black and bringing his favorite book to school: “The Big Book of Knowledge.” ‘He loves that book. They were studying the solar system and he took it to school. He thought his teacher would be impressed,' Steward said. But the teacher learned the popular children's encyclopedia had a section on pregnancy, depicting a pregnant woman in an illustration.[/su_quote]
Three suspensions that should have never happened in the first place. For a nine year-old he has quite a “criminal record” – none of it his fault, and all of it the fault of the school.
All this has got me thinking. Schools have made a lot of changes regarding security over the last twenty years. Where there once were open fields, there is now a perimeter of fences. Security cameras monitor the entrances of buildings. To get in, you'll have to pass through a metal detector or two. And police officers – euphemistically dubbed “school resource officers” – patrol the hallways.
All of this was done in the name of protecting kids from some crazy adult getting in there to harm them. But maybe that's not the case. Maybe it's there to protect teachers and administrators from parents who, once they realize their tax dollars are funding people who act like sociopaths to their own children, will want to drive up there and beat the living shit out of them for being so stupid.
So here's what you can do. Don't beat the living shit out of them for being so stupid. But do go directly to Kermit Elementary's profile at Great Schools.com. That's a website used to rank schools. their Google+ page, where you can rate the school and leave a review. Give Kermit Elementary a solid one out of five stars. Make sure to leave a description for your complaint. Talk about the school's lack of values, rampant indiscretion when it comes to punishing students, their lack of commitment to education, and so forth.
We've acquired Superintendent Bill Boyd's email at bboyd@kisd.esc18.net. Let him know what you think!
Also, Kermit Elementary has a “bully report form.” Use it to report principal Roxanne Greer [update 2/3/15, 1:15 PM: this is a new link!].
Lastly, call the school district at (432) 586-1000. That's the general district line, and I have it on decent authority that (432) 586-1020 is the line for the elementary school. Ask for Roxanne herself if you call the elementary school. Ask for Superintendent Bill Boyd if you can get through to district administration. Or simply give the receptionist an earful if you can get a hold of no one else.
Tell them that they ought to be ashamed of themselves, that everyone responsible for this decision needs to be fired immediately, and that they should make an immediate apology to Aiden Steward and his family.
I remember, before the turn of the new millennium, that a lot of people thought that the future would bring incredible advances. So much for that. If our country's progress were judged by looking at these people in our education system, we might as well be back in the stone age.
Roxanne Greer needs to be fired, and Aiden Steward deserves an apology.
Thank you for visiting Title IX For All. If you like our work, feel free to sign up for our newsletter below:
For a more in-depth look at the litigation movement for due process and equal access to education:
Enter Legal Database
A missile similiar to those sold to Japan is fired and destroys a target drone during an international flight test at the Andoya Space Center in Norway on Aug. 31. (Courtesy of Raytheon)
US Providing Japan With Advanced Air Defense Missiles
Announcement of sale comes days after Japan said it won't shoot down North Korean test ballistic missiles
The State Department approved the sale of nearly 60 advanced air-to-air missiles amid increased tensions with North Korea.
“The proposed sale will provide Japan a critical air defense capability to assist in defending the Japanese homeland and U.S. personnel stationed there,” the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement.
On Monday, North Korea's regime threatened to bring ‘nuclear clouds' to Japan, and just two days later it's state media said that Japan would be the first to be attacked in the event of a military conflict.
Japan is home to a number of U.S. military bases and a key ally of the United States in the region.
The United States itself announced earlier this week it is spending an additional $440 million on missile defense. President Donald Trump has spoken several times in recent weeks about the importance of building up U.S. missile defense capabilities.
Soldiers from the Japan Air Self-Defense Force set up PAC-3 surface-to-air missile launch systems during a temporary deployment drill at U.S. Yokota Air Base in Tokyo on August 29, 2017. (Toru Yamanaka/AFP/Getty Images)
U.S. military and intelligence officials have said that while North Korea's nuclear weapons program still faces some technical challenges, it's only a matter of time before those are resolved.
The North Korean regime frequently calls for the destruction of the United States and its allies using nuclear weapons. In recent weeks the regime has boasted in its state media broadcasts about having nearly completed its nuclear program.
Since coming to power in 2011, Kim Jong-un, has sped up the North's nuclear weapons program, conducting as many as 85 missile tests. Last month it conducted its sixth underground nuclear test.
Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera told the Financial Times earlier this week that his country won't shoot down North Korean ballistic missile tests. The North has conducted two such tests in recent months in which it fired a ballistic missile over Japanese airspace into the Pacific.
Onodera said that he was afraid that such an act “could be construed as a military action.”
However, significant concerns have been raised in Japan over the tests, especially after North Korea's foreign minister announced last month that the North intends to explode a nuclear weapon over the Pacific. This would most likely mean that a missile equipped with a nuclear warhead would fly over Japanese airspace.
U.S officials, including President Trump, have warned North Korea against such actions, saying the health-damaging impacts from the radiation would be enormous.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr. told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that the effects would be similar to the fallout of the disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which occurred in the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
In response to North Korea's most recent ballistic missile test, Japan had moved one of its American made Patriot missile defense systems to the Northern island of Hokkaido.
At the time, a Japanese official told AFP that Japan “would take appropriate measures to protect people's safety” if North Korea were to conduct future ballistic missile tests over Japan.
This quote, from Newsweek's piece on former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, strikes me as a bombshell:
Paulson--by his own admission--was not paying much attention to the way banks were slicing and dicing mortgages and selling them as complex securities. "I didn't understand the retail market; I just wasn't close to it," he told NEWSWEEK.
If Newsweek doesn't play prosecutor, I will: "Hank Paulson, you were Goldman's chief executive as mortgage securities boomed in 2004-5. Your earned an incredible severance, partly because of it. And you say you didn't understand mortgage securities? How is that remotely possible?"
I'd like to offer a bit of analysis, but all I've got is bewilderment. The reason I find the revolving door between Wall St. and Washington somewhat acceptable is that I think it's important that those who govern Wall Street understand it. But Paulson, by his own admission, didn't really. Think about this: A guy whose $46 million compensation package was made possible by leaving during Goldman's mortgage-security boom "was not paying much attention" to the mortgage-security boom! I don't know if Paulson is fibbing, or if mortgage-securities were such a specialized and esoteric money machine that basically nobody understood what was going on, but either way, this seems devastating.
Also in the department of buried leads, Paulson denies "secretly arranging" Bank of America's merger with Merrill Lynch. That also seems impossible to believe. New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo testified in April that Paulson and Ben Bernanke did strong-arm Ken Lewis into eating Merrill's big ugly balance sheet. The article claims that B of A's chief exec Ken Lewis was interested in snagging Merrill's retail brokers. Well look, retail brokers are nice things to have, but clearly Lewis was more interested in the Feds not gutting his board in retribution!
Apparently Paulson is resuscitating his reputation like a doctor defibrillating a patient with wooden stakes, but just as culpable here is Newsweek. This was the magazine's fresh attempt to appear like something other than a bullhorn for conventional wisdom. It seems to me that one really good way to stop seeming like a mouthpiece for the half-truths of powerful people isn't more dynamic graphics -- it's to stop being a mouthpiece for the half-truths of powerful people.
Robert Allen Griese (pronounced GREE-see; born February 3, 1945) is a former American football quarterback who earned All-American honors with the Purdue Boilermakers before being drafted in 1967 by the American Football League's Miami Dolphins. Griese led the Dolphins to three consecutive Super Bowl appearances, including two Super Bowl victories in VII and VIII (a feat since matched by Tom Brady and the New England Patriots in Super Bowls LI, LII, and LIII). Griese was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and the Indiana Football Hall of Fame in 1984 and the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1990. He later worked as a television commentator, calling NFL games for NBC Sports and college football for ESPN and ABC Sports. Griese is one of three quarterbacks from Purdue to win the Super Bowl (along with Len Dawson and Drew Brees).
Early life [ edit ]
Griese was born in Evansville, Indiana to Ida (Ulrich) and Sylverious "Slick" Griese. Slick owned a plumbing company in Evansville and died in 1955 when Bob was ten years old. Bob played baseball primarily, and excelled as a pitcher. He also starred in basketball and football at Evansville's Rex Mundi High School. He earned 12 varsity letters for the Monarchs.
Baseball [ edit ]
He led his American Legion baseball team to the American League Baseball World Series in the summer of 1963; Funkhouser Post #8 did not reach the finals, as the Arthur L. Peterson Post of Long Beach, California won the title.[1]
Basketball [ edit ]
He led the basketball team to the No. 1 ranking in Indiana during the 1962–63 season and a record of 19–3. He scored 900 points in his high school career and while being named All-Sectional, he could not lead the Monarchs past Evansville Bosse in the highly competitive Evansville IHSAA Sectional.[2]
The Monarchs were 15–5 during his Junior (9–1) and Senior (6–4) seasons, as he was named 1st Team All-City for three seasons.[2] After being recruited by several colleges for football, Bob chose Purdue, where he majored in business management and became a three-sport star.[3] In 1984, Bob was inducted into the Indiana Football Hall of Fame.[4]
College career [ edit ]
Griese from 1967 Purdue yearbook
While at Purdue, Bob became a member of Sigma Chi Fraternity. In college Griese pitched for the baseball team, going 12-1 one season, played guard on the basketball team, and played quarterback, kicker, and punter for the Purdue football team. There were many games where Griese scored every one of Purdue's points. As of the beginning of the 2016 season, he ranks #10 in all-time scoring at Purdue; #5 in scoring among non-kickers and #4 among kickers.[5] Griese's passing skills greatly improved under the tutelage of head coach Jack Mollenkopf and quarterback coach Bob DeMoss.
In his junior year at game against the top-ranked Notre Dame, Griese completed 19 of 22 passes as he led the Boilermakers to an upset win.[6]
Griese was a two-time All-American at Purdue, finishing at #8 in the 1965 Heisman Trophy race and was the runner-up to Steve Spurrier for the 1966 Heisman Trophy. Purdue finished second in the Big Ten in 1966, and he led the school's first appearance in the Rose Bowl, where they defeated USC 14-13. He was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1992.[7] He was also awarded the Big Ten Medal of Honor for excellence in athletics and academics.[8][9]
His sterling college career earned him induction into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1984. Purdue does not have a practice of retiring numbers; he was inducted as an inaugural member of the Purdue Intercollegiate Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994.[10]
On December 11, 2014, the Big Ten Network included Griese on "The Mount Rushmore of Purdue Football", as chosen by online fan voting. Griese was joined in the honor by Drew Brees, Rod Woodson and Leroy Keyes.
Griese was the fourth player selected in the 1967 Common Draft. He was selected by the AFL's Miami Dolphins. Griese recorded 2,005 yards and 15 touchdowns in his rookie year in Miami.
An AFL All-Star during his first two years, Griese went on to earn AFL All-Star or AFC-NFC Pro Bowl honors in six more seasons. While he never put up huge numbers, his leadership played an important role in helping the Dolphins compete in three consecutive Super Bowls, winning the latter two contests.
Griese started the season as the team's second-string quarterback behind John Stofa. However, Stofa broke his ankle in the first quarter of the first game of the 1967 season (after Joe Auer missed a block on a linebacker), and Griese stepped in and went on to a 35-21 victory against the Denver Broncos. Coincidentally, Griese's first play in the pros was a touchdown pass to Joe Auer. The next three years were fairly rough for the expansion team Dolphins. The wins were hard to come by, and after a difficult 1969 season that seemed to be a step back from the 1968 season, coach George Wilson was fired.
Dolphin owner Joe Robbie brought in Don Shula from the Baltimore Colts in 1970, and immediately the Dolphins' personality and fortunes turned. The team found a new discipline, and discovered what it took to become a winning football team. They went from a 3-10-1 team in 1969 to a 10-4 team in 1970, making the playoffs. The next year the team made it to the Super Bowl, and Bob Griese was named the Most Valuable Player in the NFL, receiving the Jim Thorpe trophy. Although the Dolphins lost that Super Bowl in a bitter loss to the Dallas Cowboys, there was no denying that this was a team that was quickly becoming a powerhouse.
The next season began well, with the Dolphins winning their first few games over their toughest opponents of the year. However, in the fifth game of the season, Bob Griese was tackled by Deacon Jones and Ron East of the San Diego Chargers, and he went down with a broken leg and dislocated ankle. In came Earl Morrall, fresh off the waiver wire from Shula's former team, the Baltimore Colts. Morrall guided the Dolphins through the rest of the regular season, and maintained an unbeaten record in the process. Morrall even led the AFC in passing, as Griese had done the previous year. However, as the playoffs began, it was obvious that the Dolphins were not as strong as they needed to be to last very long in the postseason. The Dolphins barely squeaked by a Cleveland Browns team that they should have beaten easily, and then they got a slow start the following week against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Shula knew that he needed to turn back to Griese to relieve the ailing Morrall. Shula simply turned to Bob at halftime and asked him, “Are you ready?” to Griese's reply, “Yes, I'm ready.” With that, Bob took the field and responded as if he had never been away, leading the Dolphins to a convincing win and their second straight Super Bowl appearance.
Griese playing for the Dolphins in Super Bowl VII.
Despite their unbeaten season, the Dolphins were listed as two point underdogs to the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl VII. However, true to the form of the season, the Dolphins played a perfect, ball control game. Griese connected on 8 of 11 passes for 88 yards and a touchdown, as Larry Csonka rushed for over 120 yards, and the Dolphins defense, led by 17 tackles by Manny Fernandez, stymied the Redskin offense. Washington's only score was on a blocked kick, and Miami won 14-7.
The following year, the Dolphins seemed even more efficient and dominant. Although they did not make it through the season undefeated, they again easily marched to the Super Bowl, and then totally dominated the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl VIII, winning 24-7.
In 1974, Griese and the Dolphins had another impressive season, going 11-3 in the regular season before losing to the Oakland Raiders and Ken Stabler on a late game touchdown in the divisional round of the play-off. The Pittsburgh Steelers would go on to defeat the Raiders and then the Minnesota Vikings in the Super Bowl.
In 1975, Griese and the Dolphins had another strong season. But late in the season in a game against the Baltimore Colts, Griese suffered a broken toe and was out for the rest of the season. The Dolphins finished 10-4, and missed out on the playoffs for the first time in the Shula era. In 1976, the Dolphins were beset with many injuries, and the team finished with a 6-8 record, the first time Don Shula had ever suffered a losing season in his career (which went back to 1963).
1977 was a rebound year for both Griese and the Dolphins; he began to wear eyeglasses on the field.[11] On Thanksgiving, 1977, Griese threw six touchdown passes in three quarters to defeat the St. Louis Cardinals 55-14.[12] Bob again led the AFC in touchdown passes thrown but the Dolphins rebound to a 10-4 record was again not enough to get the team into the playoffs.
The following year, Bob tore ligaments in his knee in a preseason game. However, when he came back, he was just as strong a passer as he had been the previous year. In one game against the Houston Oilers (nationally telecast as a marquee matchup on ABC's Monday Night Football), Griese dueled with Oiler running back Earl Campbell in an offensive slugfest. Griese threw for over 300 yards and Campbell rushed for nearly 200. The Oilers won the game 35-30. For the year, Griese completed a league-leading 63% of his passes, as the Dolphins went 11-5, losing again to the Oilers in the playoffs.
In 1979, Bob suffered from some nagging leg injuries that affected his throwing. He was not as effective, and he began to hear some criticism. However, he was able to lead the Dolphins to a 10-6 record. The Dolphins then found themselves dominated by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Divisional round of the playoffs.
In 1980, Griese had found that he had lost his starting spot in the roster to either Don Strock or rookie David Woodley. However, Griese came off the bench for several games in a row to lead comeback wins. Griese won back the starting spot in the fifth game of the season, but was tackled hard by Mike Ozdowski of the Baltimore Colts. The tackle tore up Bob's shoulder, and he was out for the rest of the year. The injury eventually led to Griese's decision to retire from the game at the age of 35. Bob was eventually elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1990.
He had established his reputation as the “Thinking Man's Quarterback,” as he brilliantly called his own plays throughout his career. Dolphin owner Joe Robbie called him “the cornerstone of the franchise,” around whom the Miami Dolphins were built. Robbie elected to ask Griese to stay on for another year as assistant coach, which he did for the 1981 season, helping Strock and the young Woodley as they teamed to become the famous “Woodstrock.” Bob decided that he did not like the hours required to be an assistant coach, hoping to devote more time to his family, yet still enjoyed being part of the game. (Sources for Pro Football Career found in Undefeated, by Bob Griese, 2000, and The Winning Edge by Don Shula, 1974.)
The Miami Dolphins had the highest winning percentage in all professional sports in the 1970s, and Bob Griese was its starting quarterback throughout the decade, except when he was injured for several games in 1972, 1975, and 1978.
In Griese's 14 pro seasons, he threw for 25,092 yards and 192 touchdowns. Griese also rushed for 994 yards and seven scores. Griese was a six-time Dolphins' MVP and was All-Pro in 1971 and 1977. He played in two AFL All-Star games and six Pro Bowls.
The Dolphins retired his number 12 during a Monday Night Football game in 1985, telecast on ABC, the network which would prominently be featured in his post-football career.
NBC Sports [ edit ]
To stay in touch with the game, in 1982 Griese decided to take a job as an announcer for NBC Sports, teaming with Charlie Jones for NFL games. While there, he called Super Bowl XX.
ABC Sports [ edit ]
In 1987, Griese was hired by ABC Sports, where he began to provide color commentary for college football games.[13]
While at ABC, Griese called the 1999, 2001 and 2005 BCS National Championship games.
At ABC Griese had many opportunities to watch his son Brian Griese play for the Michigan Wolverines. ABC was at first reluctant to let Griese broadcast Michigan games, fearing a conflict of interest. But when they decided to give it a try, Bob remained as impartial and professional as he could be, even referring to his son as “Griese,” rather than Brian, and pointing out errors when he felt necessary.
On January 1, 1998, Bob got to broadcast the Rose Bowl game, the last college game of his son's career. Brian was named MVP of the game, leading his Wolverines to an undefeated season and the national championship title with their Rose Bowl victory. Bob and Brian were emotional at that moment, as they thought of Bob's wife Judi, who had died from breast cancer in 1988 but whom they both felt was there at that special moment. Bob and Brian later wrote a book, entitled Undefeated (ISBN 0-7852-7021-3), which discussed not only their football connection, but also their love for Judi.
Brian became a professional quarterback and broadcaster himself, playing for the Denver Broncos and Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and later commentating games for ESPN and ABC.
ESPN [ edit ]
During the 2009 and 2010 seasons, Griese served as the lead commentator for ESPN's noon college football broadcasts.
Griese retired from ESPN on February 3, 2011.[14]
Miami Dolphins Broadcasts [ edit ]
Miami Dolphins Preseason [ edit ]
Bob Griese has been an analyst of Miami Dolphins preseason TV broadcasts since 2002.
Miami Dolphins Radio Network [ edit ]
In 2011 Bob Griese joined the Dolphins Radio Broadcast team as a color commentator, replacing former teammate Jim Mandich.[15]
Personal life [ edit ]
Griese married Purdue classmate Judi Lassus in June 1967,[16] following their graduation, and they had three sons. A nurse, she lost a six-year battle with breast cancer at age 44 in early 1988.[17][18] He now resides with his second wife, Shay, in Jupiter, Florida, and Banner Elk, North Carolina. His youngest son is Brian Griese (b. 1975), who also played quarterback in the NFL. In 2006, he was on Wheel of Fortune. Griese won, and the winnings went to Judi's House.
See also [ edit ]
Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL, the first ever Google-branded smartphones, were unveiled at an event in San Francisco on Tuesday. The new smartphones replace Nexus phones as the platform lead devices designed by Google to showcase the best that Android has to offer.
We've looked at the specifications and the features of the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL, as well as the starting price in India and other markets. Now, Google has confirmed the price in India of all Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL variants to Gadgets 360.
Google Pixel price in India
Here is the price in India of all Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL variants:
Google smartphone Storage Price in India Google Pixel 32GB Rs. 57,000 Google Pixel 128GB Rs. 66,000 Google Pixel XL 32GB Rs. 67,000 Google Pixel XL 128GB Rs. 76,000
Google Pixel India release date
The Google Pixel and Pixel XL will be up for pre-orders in India starting from October 13, with a shipping date and retail availability confirmed as "end of October". The phones will be available from Flipkart, Reliance Digital, and Croma, as well as smaller retailers.
Google Pixel price in US
Here is the price all Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL variants in the US:
Google smartphone Storage US Price Google Pixel 32GB $649 Google Pixel 128GB $749 Google Pixel XL 32GB $769 Google Pixel XL 128GB $869
Google Pixel specifications
The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, with two cores clocked at 1.6GHz, and two cores clocked at 2.15GHz. Both the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones will pack 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM and sport Pixel imprint fingerprint sensor. They sport a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with a Sony IMX378 sensor, PDAF, a large f/2.0 aperture, and 1.55-micron pixels. Both sport an 8-megapixel front camera with a Sony IMX179 sensor, an f/2.4 aperture, and 1.4-micron pixels.
See full specifications of Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL.
Google Pixel release date
The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are already up for pre-order in the US, UK, Canda, Australia, and Germany, with an expected release date of October 20. As mentioned above, the phones are also headed to India.
February 22, 2011 was one of the worst days of my life.
My dad—a guy who never smoked or drank, who worked out five days week, and whose job required him to pass bi-annual physicals—got the flu and suddenly died.
I'd moved from out of state to Michigan to live with my boyfriend (now husband) five weeks earlier, so my brother had to call me with the news. He'd been temporarily living with my dad while going through a messy divorce, and we both cried as he told me about their final day together. I booked a flight home that night but kept thinking, This can't be real. I can't be 23 and not have a dad.
I didn't know it then, but that feeling of shock was just the beginning of the end for my family as I knew it.
"Hearing her say that gave me a weird feeling—something sudden that stayed with me. I couldn't believe she could even think about money right now."
When my flight landed the next morning, my brother and I went straight to our mom's house, still rattled by shock. That was the first day my mom mentioned money. The two of us were sitting outside and she said, "I wonder what's going to happen to me? How will I afford to live?"
Hearing her say that gave me a weird feeling—something sudden that stayed with me. I couldn't believe she could even think about money right now.
Up until his death, my mother, a teacher, had been receiving alimony from my dad—they'd divorced and neither had remarried. Between her meager salary and the alimony, she was able to keep afloat.
But now, all that was called into question.
About a month after the funeral, I was back in Michigan and my brother was clearing out my dad's house preparing to move. While packing up his own stuff, he came across my dad's savings statements and life insurance policies. At the time, we had no idea what my dad had in terms of assets, or how they'd get divvied up—I just assumed we'd split three ways between my mom, my brother, and me.
About a month or so later, I went back to my home state for a friend's wedding. That's when I noticed my mom was still acting really weird about money. Like, when I offered to detail my brother's car because he let me borrow it, she said I could detail hers too since I had "all this money now."
I'm thinking, What are you talking about?
I'd just paid for my dad's funeral completely out of pocket—by myself. My brother couldn't afford to pitch in and I didn't even ask my mom knowing her financial situation. I had yet to receive any money from my father's life insurance policy.
I told my boyfriend about it when I got home and he said, point-blank, "She's going to sue you."
Jonathan Kitchen Getty Images
"No way," I told him. "My mother would never do that."
The very next day my mom called threatening legal action.
I couldn't even believe what I was hearing. She said her lawyer needed two numbers from me immediately: how much I was inheriting from my dad—and how much from that sum my mom would be getting.
That's when more details about my dad's last wishes became clear: As his ex-wife, my mom had been the beneficiary on my dad's first life insurance policy. But when I graduated from college in 2009, he switched the policy over to my name. He didn't want her to have that money. (Based on language in the divorce decree, my mother thought she was legally entitled to his policy).
The phone still hot in my hands, I suddenly felt ill. How could she just assume that we wouldn't share any of our inheritance with her? And lawyer-up at the same time?
It's not like we weren't planning to help her. My brother and I had even talked about the possibility of paying off her mortgage, so she'd never have to worry about having a place to live.
I suddenly saw an ugliness in my mother that I wasn't at all prepared to see. Her raging greediness—and the fact that my dad had made it clear she wasn't entitled to anything—suddenly got to me in that very tense phone call. If she was willing to damage her relationship with her only daughter for money, particularly a daughter who has just lost her father, then why should she get any of it? Before I could think about it, I wrote down the full amount my brother and I were getting and a zero for the amount she would receive. Then I sent it to her lawyer.
She didn't respond right away, but later that week she sent me a text that essentially said I was no longer her daughter.
It felt like nothing at first. I honestly didn't think her text was even real. I figured we'd fight for a month or so, and then, once reason and time settled in, we'd get back to normal. Grief can warp people, and I still hoped my mother would come down from the heightened emotional state we were all grappling with. She sent more hurtful texts—I did my best to ignore them.
"Your mom is going to sue you."
Then we received a summons to appear in court. That's when it all started to feel real: I had to hire a lawyer to represent my brother and me.
At this point, I still hadn't received a dime from my dad's estate and all I could think about was how much this "inheritance"—which I hadn't asked for, and which I'm sure my father had hoped would be a blessing—was costing me.
I emptied my savings account to pay the lawyer's $5,000 retainer fee, not having any idea what was going to happen. Our lawyer told me she was confident my mom didn't have a case and that she'd handle it from there. I don't think she realized how persistent my mom could be.
Each time our mom filed a suit—and there were many—we'd go to court, her case would get thrown out, and she'd refile with whatever the next highest court was. This happened four or five times until it got to the state Supreme Court and she exhausted her appeals.
The money was finally ours.
I used a portion of my inheritance to buy a house, which seemed like a good investment. I didn't touch the rest of it for years until I got married in 2014. I knew that if he were still alive, my father would've wanted to pay for my wedding, and so I did for him. It was a beautiful way to honor his memory and his ongoing presence in my life.
About a year before the wedding, I finally did reach out to my mom. I became consumed by this fear that something would happen to her before we could resolve things—that she might pass away without me ever knowing. So I sent her an "I'm thinking of you" email one night and waited eagerly to hear back. For some reason, I'd assumed her response would be immediate. After five minutes of refreshing the screen, I finally gave up and went to bed.
When she did get back to me days later it was something generic—a "happy to hear from you," that's it. The disappointment was so cutting. I guess I just expected my own mother would respond with more enthusiasm after not hearing from me for years.
I decided not to invite her to the wedding.
"honestly, I do feel like I'm a bit of an orphan."
Awhile later, we began exchanging handwritten letters about once a month—the practice forced me to think about what I actually wanted to say rather than firing off something on impulse that could be hurtful. We exchanged niceties and revisited some of what had happened.
In December 2015, almost a year and a half after I got married, we met in person for the first time since my dad died. It was a nice. Polite. But sitting across from her as we traded sanitized details about our lives, I realized I just don't feel anything for her anymore. Even if she is my mother.
Now, whenever friends or new acquaintances ask about my family, I tell them I've lost both of my parents. Getting into all the details is just too exhausting. And honestly, I do feel like I'm a bit of an orphan.
It's been five years, and I'm so far removed from my mom now. I've mourned what we had and, as with all grief, I'm slowly learning to live without.
I'll get there.
Follow Marie Claire on Facebook for the latest celeb news, beauty tips, fascinating reads, livestream video, and more.
