Incidents of pilots being blinded by lasers while attempting to land in the GTA are on the rise.
Back in March, Transport Canada had got five complaints since 2005 from pilots attempting to land at Toronto area airports about someone shining a laser at their plane and trying to target their eyes from the ground.
Since then, 15 pilots have filed local complaints about laser pointers aimed at incoming or outgoing aircraft. The most recent reports were from Oct. 10 and 13, by pilots flying into Toronto Island and Pearson International airports respectively.
"We can no longer say that it's rare," said Robert Palmer, spokesperson for WestJet Airlines.
In total, Transport Canada has received 73 reports of lasers aimed into cockpits across the country, including 46 so far in 2008.
Predictions of good monsoons, the GST regime poised to set in and a host of pre-GST discounts offered by automakers in India has seen an increase in four wheeler sales during the month of May 2017. Maruti Suzuki India, Honda Cars and Mahindra and Mahindra posted double digit domestic sales. Ford India also experienced positive growth though domestic sales of Toyota Motor Corp dipped significantly.
Maruti Suzuki
Maruti Suzuki India Limited, a leader in passenger vehicles, saw sales surge by 15.5% in May 2017. The company sold a total of 1,36,962 units in the past month of which 1,30,676 units comprised domestic sales while 6,286 units were exported. This was against 1,23,034 units sold in May 2016.
It was noted that it was once again entry level models, compact hatchbacks and utility vehicles which were more in demand. Sales of Alto and WagonR increased 18.1% to 39,089 units as against 33,105 units sold in May 2016. Models such as the Swift, Estilo, DZire, Baleno and Ignis also noted an increased demand which was up 10.1% to 51,234 units sold in May 2017 as compared to 46,554 units sold in May 2016. A 66.3% increase was also noted in sales of utility vehicles such as S-Cross and Vitara Brezza with 22,608 units sold.
Hyundai
Hyundai Motors India Limited, the country's second largest carmaker, posted a marginal rise in sales during the past month to the extent of 1.6%. Sales stood at 42,007 units in May 2017 as against 41,351 units sold in the same month of the previous year. New version of the Elite i20 and Creta contributed to increased sales while the ICOTY winner – Grand i10 and Xcent too received a makeover.
Mahindra
Mahindra and Mahindra, leading SUV manufacturers, sold 41,895 units in May 2017 as against 40,656 units in May 2016, thus registering a 3% increase in sales. Passenger vehicles which included UVs, cars and vans registered sales to the extent of 20,290 units as compared to 19,635 units in May 2016. Domestic sales stood at 40,602 units while exports were at 1,293 units.
Tata Motors
Tata Motors reported passenger vehicle sales of 10,855 units in domestic markets, a 27% increase as compared to sales in the same month of the previous year. Sales were exceptionally good where the company's Tiago, Tigor and Hexa models were concerned.
However, taking both passenger and commercial vehicle sales into account which also included exports, the company sold 34,361 units, 4% lower than 40,123 units sold in May 2016. Domestic sales of commercial and passenger vehicles also dipped 3% in May 2017 to 34,461 units as compared to 35,695 units in May 2016.
Tata Motors also plans to reduce current 6 platforms to 2 platforms and deliver 7-8 product variants from two platforms for better coverage and economies of scale. The company is set to become the 3rd largest passenger vehicle maker in India after Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motors by 2019 and has invested INR 2,500 crores to launch new products in the country.
Ford India
Ford India noted a 36% increase in total sales in May 2017 to the extent of 23,503 units which included domestic sales and exports. This was against 17,279 units sold in May 2016. Domestic sales were up 16.64% to 6,742 units in May 2017 as compared to 5,780 units sold in May 2016 while exports increased 45.76% to 16,761 units in the past month as against 11,499 units exported in May 2016.
Toyota India
Toyota Kirloskar Motors has noted decreased sales in May 2017. In the past month, the company sold 12,339 units as against 13,604 units sold in May 2016. Of this total of 12,339 units, domestic sales stood at 10,914 units while exports increased from 990 units in May 2016 to 1,425 units in May 2017. Though model wise sales were not revealed, the company did confirm that sales of Innova Crysta dipped marginally while Innova Touring Sport saw better sales along with the Fortuner which claimed a No.1 position in its segment.
The company also predicts a dip in sales in June as well with the GST policy coming into effect. Buyers in India are putting off sales till the 1st of July to see what benefits the rolling in of GST will bring. There could be a downward tax revision specially where larger vehicles and SUVs are concerned which will make Toyota models cheaper from July onwards.
Honda Cars
Honda Cars India has reported a 13.32% increase in domestic sales which stood at 11,278 units in May 2017 as against 9,954 units in May 2016. 378 units of Brio were sold in the past month along with 1,818 units of Jazz and 1,323 units of Amaze sedan and 4,046 units of City. Honda Cars India also sold 2,814 units of the WR-V compact utility vehicle and 870 units of the BR-V SUV while sales of the CR-V stood at 29 units. The company also exported a total of 498 units and is optimistic about sales in the months ahead following good forecast of monsoon and the timely roll out of GST.
Will GST affect sales?
The effects of GST will be felt far and wide across the automobile sector from the 1st July 2017. The rate of cess and classification of vehicles under this structure is yet to be disclosed but those looking to buy luxury cars and SUVs in the coming months have reason to rejoice as the GST could bring down rates substantially. Vehicles in this category are now subjected to a tax rate of 55% which post GST implementation could come down to 43% resulting in a 12% reduction in taxes. Announcement from the Government is also awaited where concessions or rebates on hybrids or electric vehicles are concerned.
mon of the Toyotomi clan, now used as the emblem of the Japanese Government; representing the Theof the Toyotomi clan, now used as the emblem of the Japanese Government; representing the Paulownia
Mon (紋), also monshō (紋章), mondokoro (紋所), and kamon (家紋), are Japanese emblems used to decorate and identify an individual, a family, or (more recently) an institution or business entity. While mon is an encompassing term that may refer to any such device, kamon and mondokoro refer specifically to emblems used to identify a family.[further explanation needed] An authoritative mon reference compiles Japan's 241 general categories of mon based on structural resemblance (a single mon may belong to multiple categories), with 5116 distinct individual mons (it is however well acknowledged that there exist lost or obscure mon that are not in this compilation).[1][2]
The devices are similar to the badges and coats of arms in European heraldic tradition, which likewise are used to identify individuals and families. Mon are often referred to as crests in Western literature, another European heraldic device similar to the mon in function.
History [ edit ]
kamon on display at Variouson display at Himeji Castle
Mon may have originated as fabric patterns to be used on clothes in order to distinguish individuals or signify membership of a specific clan or organization. By the twelfth century, sources give a clear indication that heraldry had been implemented as a distinguishing feature, especially for use in battle. It is seen on flags, tents, and equipment.
Like European heraldry, mon were initially held only by aristocratic families, and were gradually adapted by commoners. On the battlefield, mon served as army standards, even though this usage was not universal and uniquely designed army standards were just as common as mon-based standards (cf. sashimono, uma-jirushi). Mon were also adapted by various organizations, such as merchant and artisan guilds, temples and shrines, theater troupes and even criminal gangs. In an illiterate society, they served as useful symbols for recognition.
Japanese traditional formal attire generally displays the mon of the wearer. Commoners without mon often used those of their patron or the organization they belonged to. In cases when none of those were available, they sometimes used one of the few mons which were seen as "vulgar", or invented or adapted whatever mon they wished, passing it on to their descendants. It was not uncommon for shops, and therefore shop-owners, to develop mon to identify themselves.
Rules regulating the choice and use of mon were somewhat limited, though the selection of mon was generally determined by social customs. It was considered improper to use a mon that was known to be held by someone else, and offensive to use a mon that was held by someone of a high rank. When mon came into conflict, the lower-ranked person sometimes changed their mon to avoid offending their superior. The mon held by the ruling clans of Japan, such as Tokugawa's hollyhock mon and the Emperor's chrysanthemum mon, were legally protected from unauthorized usage.
Occasionally, patron clans granted the use of their mon to their retainers as a reward. Similar to the granting of the patron's surnames, this was considered a very high honor. Alternatively, the patron clan may have added elements of its mon to that of its retainer, or chosen an entirely different mon for them.
Design [ edit ]
There are no set rules in the design of a mon. Most consist of a roundel encircling a figure of plant, animal, man-made, natural or celestial objects, all abstracted to various degrees. Religious symbols, geometric shapes and kanji were commonly used as well.
Similar to the blazon in European heraldry, mon are also named by the content of the design, even though there is no set rule for such names. Unlike in European heraldry, however, this "blazon" is not prescriptive—the depiction of a mon does not follow the name—instead the names only serve to describe the mon. The pictorial depictions of the mon are not formalized and small variations of what is supposed to be the same mon can sometimes be seen, but the designs are for the most part standardized through time and tradition.
The degree of variation tolerated differ from mon to mon as well. For example, the paulownia crest with 5-7-5 leaves is reserved for the prime minister, whereas paulownia with fewer leaves could be used by anyone. The imperial chrysanthemum also specifies 16 petals, whereas chrysanthemum with fewer petals are used by other lesser imperial family members.
Japanese heraldry does not have a cadency or quartering system, but it is not uncommon for cadet branches of a family to choose a slightly different mon from the senior branch. Each princely family (Shinnōke), for example, uses a modified chrysanthemum crest as their mon. Mon holders may also combine their mon with that of their patron, benefactor or spouse, sometimes creating increasingly complicated designs.
Mon are essentially monochrome; the color does not constitute part of the design and they may be drawn in any color.
Modern usage [ edit ]
Virtually all modern Japanese families have a mon, but unlike before the Meiji Restoration when rigid social divisions existed, mon play a more specialized role in everyday life. On occasions when the use of a mon is required, one can try to look up their families in the temple registries of their ancestral hometown or consult one of the many genealogical publications available. Many websites also offer mon lookup services. Professional wedding planners, undertakers and other "ritual masters" may also offer guidance on finding the proper mon.
Mon are seen widely on stores and shops engaged in traditional crafts and specialties. They are favored by sushi restaurants, which often incorporate a mon into their logos. Mon designs can even be seen on the ceramic roof tiles of older houses. Mon designs frequently decorate senbei, sake, tofu and other packaging for food products to lend them an air of elegance, refinement and tradition. The paulownia mon appears on the obverse side of the 500 yen coin.
Items symbolizing family crafts, arts or professions were often chosen as a mon. A fan design might be chosen by a geisha. A woman may still wear her maiden mon if she wishes and pass it on to her daughters; she does not have to adopt her husband's or father's mon. Flowers, trees, plants and birds are also common elements of mon designs.[3]
Mon add formality to a kimono. A kimono may have one, three or five mons. The mon themselves can be either formal or informal, depending on the formality of the kimono. Very formal kimono display more mon, frequently in a manner that makes them more conspicuous. In the dress of the ruling class, the mon could be found on both sides of the chest, on each sleeve, and in the middle of the back. On the armor of a warrior, it might be found on the kabuto (helmet), on the do (breastplate), and on flags and various other places. Mon also adorned coffers, tents, fans and other items of importance.
As in the past, modern mon are not regulated by law, with the exception of the Imperial Chrysanthemum, which doubles as the national emblem, and the paulownia, which is the mon of the office of prime minister and also serves as the emblem of the cabinet and government (see national seals of Japan for further information). Some local governments and associations may use a mon as their logo or trademark, thus enjoying its traditional protection, but otherwise mon are not recognized by law. One of the best known examples of a mon serving as a corporate logo is that of Mitsubishi, a name meaning "three lozenges" (occasionally translated as "three buffalo nuts"), which are represented as rhombuses.[4] Another example of corporate use is the logo for the famous soy sauce maker Kikkoman, which uses the family mon of the founder,[5] and finally, the logo of music instrument/equipment and motorcycle builder Yamaha, which shows three tuning forks interlocked into the shape of a capital Y in reference to both their name and the origin of the company.[6]
In Western heraldry [ edit ]
Western arms of the Emperor of Japan as a Knight of the Garter
Japanese mon are sometimes used as charges or crests in Western heraldry. They are blazoned in traditional heraldic style rather than in the Japanese style. Examples include the Canadian-granted arms of David Tsubouchi[7], and the Emperor of Japan's arms as a Knight of the Garter.[8]
Gallery of representative kamon by theme [ edit ]
Animal motif [ edit ]
Flora motif [ edit ]
Tool motif [ edit ]
Character motif [ edit ]
Other motifs [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
For some, Ark: Survival Evolved's recent controversial pre-full release price hike highlights the trouble with pricing Early Access games. For others, most specifically DayZ creator Dean Hall, it's "****ing OUTRAGEOUS." But wherever you stand with the issue, the open world dino hunter's Jeremy Stieglitz has explained the premature increase is tied to the game's physical launch.
"Admittedly, my intent, our intent, was to have the price hit the full retail price when the full retail launch occurred," Stieglitz, the game's lead designer, lead programmer and co-creative director, tells me. "That would have been at the retail launch, not prior to that. The reality turned out to be, and we didn't realise this until we got to the final phase of getting the game into retail channels, was that: in order to get the game into retailers—that is not digital retailers but physical ones, both for the physical disc PC version and the console version—the retailers and distributors wouldn't take it if the digital versions was cheaper than the retail version. They found that it would undermine their sales potential."
Stieglitz goes on to say the markup in turn couldn't wait because retailers wouldn't take the game if they weren't able to run a preorder programme. He suggests these two outcomes in tandem "forced" the studio's hand, and while unhappy with having to hike the game's price prior to its proposed August 8 PC launch feels that "the value is there, for the most part, of that price point."
Stieglitz continues: "[The value] certainly will be there at the date of retail launch—that means you buy it now for $60, for example, in three weeks it's going to be $60. It would've been $60 in three weeks anyway and we wouldn't release a game that we didn't feel was worth that. We're really confident that there's a hell of a lot of value in that package—content, features and fun gameplay.
"It is unfortunate and was absolutely not our original intent and not something I wanted personally, to have that price hike occur prior to the retail launch. I can certainly understand why that ruffled feathers and pissed people off, to be blunt, and I can only say that sometimes we as a developer can't control the variables. You might say, well, we didn't have to do it and that's true but then we wouldn't be able to have a physical retail launch.
"I think, ultimately, that's important to me personally—not from a money standpoint but from a vanity standpoint. But also it's important for Ark to be able to reach players in the non-digital community, in the physical gaming community. There really is half the market, these people who buy games in stores worldwide and we do feel that from a playerbase standpoint, those new players are going to add a lot of fun to existing Ark players as well.
"Given it was close to launch we decided to bite the bullet on it. Was it the right decision? I can't say but it was motivated by the need to get the game on store shelves and our hand was ultimately forced from that standpoint."
Ark: Survival Evolved will launch in full on PC on August 8, 2017.
12/23/12 “A wish for happiness, kindness and peace to abide within your heart…” Ven. Jampa Choepal
~
~
~
~
~
Many people have been arriving at “Reflections from a Friend” in the past few days, through several kindness quotes from The DalaiLama . For those not familiar with this site, many of the posts within the site are bits of wisdom, insight and advice received from Ven. Jampa Choepal, a Buddhist monk who took his monk's vows from The DalaiLama and considers The DalaiLama to be a true inspiration and one of his main teachers.
Ven. Jampa lives at a small monastery in Australia. Ven. Jampa has been a kind, encouraging and nurturing friend to Kathy (PocketPerspectives) for the past 4 years.
Because it seems kind to do so, Kathy shares ideas from Jampa with others, through this blog. Jampa is supportive of this advice being shared with others….which of course makes sense since he is a very kind, generous and encouraging person. (He's also funny, enthusiastic and dynamic…quite a combination)
Link to easy viewing of many of the “Reflections from a Friend” images and posts: Google Image Archive for Reflections from a Friend
A wish from Kathy: May we all develop and carry happiness, kindness and peace in each of our own hearts and share those freely and generously with others in our lives.
~
Following what was unfortunately a negative thought last week regarding the new and ‘improved' World Club Challenge series, I wanted to counter with a more positive piece.
The following are ten young players I am personally looking forward to seeing play NRL football this season.
Although there is no set criteria, I opted not to include the likes of 22-year old Boyd Cordner, whose talents we are all well and truly aware of, but instead to focus on players you may have heard of, but those who will improve their stock in 2015.
I believe all the below will at some stage play NRL this season, although perhaps not right away. This is not a list of the ten best youngsters in the game, but the top ten I will be looking out for this season.
Of course many will miss out, and we'd love to hear who you believe will tear it up in 2015.
10. Tevita Pangai (Raiders)
The 19 year-old, second rower, is likely to make his NRL debut at some stage this season after a strong nine's campaign. The younger brother of Moses Pangai represented the junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis late last season and has drawn comparisons with fellow Raider wrecking ball Josh Papalii.
9. Jake Trbojevic (Sea Eagles)
If not for a horror run with injury, the 21 year-old almost certainly would have added to his one NRL appearance for the Sea Eagles. A massive unit despite his young age, the former Australia schoolboy could force his way into the Eagles pack this season after the retirement of Jason King and departure of George Rose.
8. Tepai Moeroa (Eels)
Look for 19 year-old Moeroa to feature early for the Eels this season. Although he has played nine NRL games, there are much, much bigger things in this exciting youngster's future. A member of the 2014 Holden Cup team of the year, he could be one of the young stars in 2015. Will likely play from the bench, but look for a huge impact from this equally huge second rower.
7. Euan Aitken (Dragons)
Was overlooked for World Club Challenge duties, but should feature at some time in 2015, either at centre or on the wing. A member of the Junior Roos, Aitken did more than enough in the Charity Shield to suggest he is ready for an NRL spot this season. Has some pretty big wraps, but his form in pre-season indicates he may just be worth it, and then some.
6. Jack Bird (Sharks)
Announcing himself with an excellent Auckland Nine's campaign, 19 year-old Jack Bird is set for a huge season in the Shire. A back rower in the juniors, he's likely to play centre if called upon at the Sharks, although his future may lay in the backline once he matures physically. Dragons' fans are still furious the club allowed such a talented youngster to cross the bridge. Has represented NSW and Australia at multiple junior levels.
5. Mitch Cornish (Raiders)
Canberra may have missed out on some big-name signings last season, but in 22 year-old Mitch Cornish, they have a real potential star on their hands. He showed enough in his eight NRL appearances in 2014 that he has the tools to be something special. If allowed the time to develop and form a partnership with Blake Austin, Cornish could be a jewel in the long-term crown in the capital.
4. Bryce Cartwright (Panthers)
Cards on the table, I am a big fan of Bryce Cartwright. At only 20 years of age, this young second rower could be anything. Played seven games in 2014 before succumbing to injury, he is almost certain to be there in round one, if fit. The 2013 NYC player of the season, Cartwright big, fast, and super athletic. A huge season awaits the Panther's junior.
3. Sione Mata'utia (Knights)
It's hard to imagine just how good this kid can be, being that he has already represented the Kangaroos despite only playing seven NRL games. 18 year old Sione Mata'utia has a try for every NRL game he has played, to go along with his three Kangaroo caps. A former Australian schoolboy's captain, Mata'utia has it all. I Just hope he can keep his mind on the footy as his contract is up at the end of the season, and he's sure to be in big demand, especially at Belmore.
2. Solomone Kata (Warriors)
If you hadn't heard of 19 year-old Somolone Kata prior to the Auckland Nines, well you certainly have now. A possible centre combination with Konrad Hurrell is downright scary, especially considering Manu Vatuvei will be on the wing. Man of the match in the Warrior's NYC Title win last season, Kata will play NRL this season, it's just a matter of when. Will be brimming with confidence after his efforts at the nines that earned him a team of the tournament spot.
1. Valentine Holmes (Sharks)
There is some amazing talent on this list, but in my view, none is more exciting than 19 year-old Valentine Holmes. The junior Kangaroo scored three tries in his six NRL appearances in 2015, and had a hand in a few more. Should start on the wing in round one of the Sharks after a brilliant Nines campaign. A potential combination with fellow Junior Kangaroo Jack Bird could eventuate at some time during the season. Possibly the most exciting youngster to emerge from the Sharks junior ranks in many, many years. Will score some highlight tries this season.
With no minaret, Switzerland's newest mosque tries to fit into the local community (Keystone)
A new prototype for mosques in Switzerland – one meant to blend in and to minimise any possible offence – has arisen in a place that was ground zero in a bruising fight over the construction of minarets.
The new mosque that has opened in Wil,external link Switzerland, conforms to the 2009 Swiss voter-approved constitutional ban on the construction of new minarets, reflecting a significant local-led effort to overcome the European backlash against a growing Muslim population.
The weekend-long dedication culminates a years-long effort by Muslim groups in Switzerland to overcome resistance to putting in a new mosque in Wil, the third-biggest city in canton St Gallen. The resistance is a reflection of Europeans' fractured views toward migration, Islam, nationalism and European unity. Due to the ban on construction of the iconic mosque towers, Muslims in Wil had to adapt their blueprints.
The surprise vote eight years ago put Switzerland in a harsh spotlight, with Muslims condemning the vote as anti-Islamic and prejudiced and Swiss businesses cautioning that it undermined efforts to promote an international image of Switzerland as a tolerant and liberal society.
The new mosque is being led by imam Bekim Alimi, a Macedonian who speaks German. At the mosque opening on Saturday, Alimi told Swiss Public Radio, RTS: "Integration is also about showing oneself, not just hiding."
New place of worship Wil mosque attracts thousands of visitors Thousands of curious visitors made the trip to a new mosque in Wil in northwest Switzerland, which was inaugurated last weekend. By swissinfo.ch, Keystone See in another language: 1 See in another language: 1 Languages: 1 Arabic (ar) افتتاح مسجد جديد في "فيل" شمال شرق سويسرا
A solemn start
The new mosque, which was built at the end of a street near a football stadium, bears an inscription, "Mosque Wil - Xhamia Wil", serving as a welcome for the area's many Albanian-born Muslims.
“It is a great pleasure for us to invite you to the solemn inauguration of the new Islamic Meeting Center Wil. Together with you we would like to celebrate the opening,” said the Islamic Culture Center of Wil in a statementexternal link posted online.
“Since the submission of our planning material for the establishment of the Islamic Center of Excellence Wil, much time has passed,” it said. “This path was no easier for us, both politically and economically. Nevertheless, we have remained firm and have fought for our right and intent.”
With enough space for about 400 visitors, the centre for Muslim prayer in Wil took two years to build at a cost of about CHF5 million ($5 million). The project also overcame numerous local objections among some who feared the mosque might invite some adherents of radical extremism into the community.
It is the newest of more than 200 Swiss mosques – another new one is in the works in the Geneva area – that serve up to 400,000 Muslims in Switzerland, or nearly 5% of the nation's 8.3 million population.
Diverse population
About one of every ten is a Swiss citizen, but the Muslims in Switzerland represent an extremely diverse community divided along ethnic and linguistic lines. Around 80% originate from the Balkans region and Turkey.
A decade ago, plans to build minarets on mosques in the towns of Langenthal, Wil and Wangen near Olten in the German-speaking regions, sparked controversy. It peaked in a nationwide ballot on November 29, 2009, when voters approved an initiative by rightwing parties to ban the construction of new minarets with a majority of 57.5%.
Minaret ban approved by 57 per cent of voters To the great surprise of pollsters and the regret of the government, the Swiss on Sunday said yes to a ban on the construction of minarets. ...
The result was seen as a major political upset and made headlines around the world. The seven-member cabinet external linkthat heads Swiss government had announced strong opposition to the initiative, but said it accepted the vote and moved to enforce an immediate ban on minaret construction.
Concerns about growing Muslim minorities have spread across Europe in recent years, prompting French moves to ban the full-length body covering known as the burqa and some German states to introduced bans on head scarves for Muslim women teaching in public schools.
Mosques and minaret construction projects elsewhere in European have been met by protests.
More recently, people in the southern Swiss canton of Ticino since July 2016 have not been allowed to wear clothing that covers their face in public. The measure resulted from a 2013 cantonal vote calling for a ban on such clothing typically worn by Muslim women. A committee is now collecting signatures for a similar nationwide ban.
Few actual minarets
In Switzerland, only the mosques in Geneva, Zurich and Wangen, near Olten, have a minaret. Winterthur's mosque has only a small one. But the call to prayer is not made from these minarets.
But even a local politician in Wil, Lukas Reimann, who helped lead the anti-minaret vote as a member of the right-wing Swiss People's Party, Switzerland's largest, said he never opposed the building of the new Wil mosque.
The city of Wil external linkhas about 23,000 inhabitants, about 15% of which belong to the Islamic faith and are organised in a separate association. Most come from Albania and Bosnia. In November 2011, the association submitted a building permit for the construction of an Islamic meeting place.
Against the project there was resistance from local residents and the Swiss People's Party. The approximately 200 objections were rejected. After several changes of location, the prayer room is now housed in a backyard on the railway line.
"The Muslims should have a representative place where they can exercise their faith," Reimann was quotedexternal link as saying in the Aargauer Zeitung.
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
(CNN) The first time Sam Van Aken saw tree branches being grafted and grown onto other trees, he likened it to Frankenstein. Yet, when the process became a full-time fascination, the Syracuse University art professor did not seek to create a monster but a piece of art.
The " Tree of 40 Fruit " is Van Aken's creation, a single tree that can produce 40 different stone fruits, or fruit with pits, including peaches, apricots, plums, cherries and nectarines.
"I look at the Tree of 40 Fruit as an artwork, a research project and a form of conservation," Van Aken said in a 2014 TEDxManhattan talk
He uses chip grafting to create the trees, which involves cutting the buds off a fruit tree and having them heal to the lateral branches of a rootstock tree. Branches from the different fruit trees grow off of the rootstock, which is typically a tree variety natural to the area's climate and soil. This allows fruit to be grown in areas that might not otherwise support that type of tree. Van Aken has planted 16 trees in seven states across the country.
"Each space is unique," Van Aken told CNN about the various art museums, university campuses and private land where the trees are grown.
The newest tree is expected to be planted this fall at the Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose. It will be the centerpiece of the museum's new garden expansion. Autumn Young, marketing manager for the museum, said the tree will be part of the organization's environmental education program.
"It's a wonderful opportunity for children to interact with an art piece that also produces fruit," Young said. "It's a teaching opportunity."
The San Jose tree will feature stone fruit varieties historically from the area, allowing visitors to learn local history.
Van Aken's project uses more than 250 varieties of stone fruit. Each tree has a different combination of heirloom varieties. It has become a conservation project, too, since commercial markets have reduced the diversity of available stone fruits.
Planting the trees in various locations can increase the area's fruit diversity, as well as fulfill another important part of Van Aken's vision: art.
Years of diagramming and planning allow him to sculpt the trees so they are continually blossoming for more than a month. After a spring of brilliant pink, white and crimson blossoms, the branches produce their own distinct fruit.
Van Aken wants people to stumble upon them and ask questions about what they are seeing, since the combination of colors and fruits is out of the ordinary.
The trees grow more diverse in color and fruit each year. Van Aken typically plants them with 20 of the 40 varieties already growing. He returns over several years to prune and graft the rest of the varieties, until it reaches 40. The first tree was planted in 2011 and he expects it to be in full blossom in about three years.
Working with trees as art presents a unique set of challenges. Van Aken was raised on a Pennsylvania farm but said that he developed an even greater respect for growers and farmers with this project. In typical art pieces, artists sculpt and create with their hands. This type of art requires him to learn from and work with the tree as it grows.
"You can't really control which graft is going to grow more successfully than others," he said. "There's not set design or model."
Van Aken's trees can be found in Arkansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania.
Believe me when I say that I had never heard of rapper Lil Boosie until today. He's apparently mildly famous (look at those gold chains) and also from Baton Rouge, LA. Being from the place where 3 police officers were ambushed and murdered on Sunday, Boosie decided to chime in on the killing. His assessment is that black people will continue to kill cops until there is justice and that's just fine with him.
Lil Boosie made a video for TMZ, and while he pretends to condemn the recent anti-cop killings, he both excuses them and encourages more.
He starts out by saying the police ambush was deffinately inspired by the Alton Sterling shooting a week before. Sterling, if you remember, was killed by Baton Rouge officers while resisting arresting and trying to pull a gun on them. That shooting also inspired the Dallas police massacre in which 5 officers were murdered.
“People I have been talking to, they upset about it, and it's a lot of anger down there, a lot of people are angry down there. Everybody I'm talking to when I call home, they mad,” Boosie said of the Sterling shooting.
“They mad” that cops had to use deadly force to protect themselves against a dangerous and armed man.
“It's just a bad position for a lot of people right now. It's a bad position for the way we're feeling down there. It's a bad position for the police – they're having fear. It's just all out craziness right now,” he said.
Here's where Boosie promises more cop killings if “justice” isn't served in the justified police shooting of an armed black man:
“I don't think it's going to stop until they really start convicting officers for doing what they do. If they don't start convicting officers of what they're doing, it's just going to keep on escalating,” Boosie.
And just what is that escalation going to be? An all out war against the police, that's what.
“If that guy don't get indicted and sent to prison for life, it's going to be another war. It's being another shooting. It's going to keep on going on because if people feel like they are not protected by the police and the police trying to kill them, man it's going to get worser,” said Boosie.
Yes, he actually said “worser.” Boosie wasn't quite done butchering the English language. Check out how he characterizes the ambush of police officers that killed 3 and injured 3 more:
“We've been going through a lot of stuff in Baton Rouge for so long, and this was they time to, I guess, to just express they madness. Express they self because they mad,” Boosie said.
So killing cops is just black people expressing themselves? How about art, or basket weaving?
Finally, Boosie gives a half-assed condemnation of the Baton Rouge police killings:
“But I just tell everybody to calm down and let's just try to find a better way. I don't know the better way, but I just say calm down and try to find a better way,” said Boosie.
Actually, he doesn't really condemn the killings. Basically he's saying blacks should find a better way than killing cops to express their anger over cops doing their jobs, but if that's not possible, the cop-killing can continue.
Lil Boosie is a career criminal with a long line of arrests and convictions including drug and weapons charges. He was acquitted of murder, but police believe he may be involved in at least 5 other killings. This is a thug that has no respect for the law or human life.
Follow Brian Anderson on Twitter
For the past year, the homes of judges and ministers in India's capital have been guarded by a group of barking men.
Their target: the roving gangs of rhesus macaques that uproot vegetable gardens, strip fruit trees bare and raid garden tea parties.
New Delhi's monkey police use their voices, imitating the whoops and guttural barks of the grey langur monkey, a natural enemy of the smaller rhesus macaque.
The growing monkey problem led politician Ambeth Rajan, to ask the government on the floor of the upper house of Parliament about what India's government was doing about “the monkey and stray dog menace…particularly inside and around the area of Parliament House.”
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu replied that the New Delhi Municipal Corporation employs “40 trained young men who can disguise themselves as langurs and scare the monkeys away,” according to the transcript on the Parliament website.
While the statement had many thinking there were boys in monkey costumes running around the capital, the answer may have been misunderstood.
By disguise, the minister meant that the men imitated the noises langurs make, said a city official who declined to be named.
Until last summer, Delhi's streets were patrolled by actual langurs. Monkey catchers and their trained langurs walked a beat in posh neighborhoods or rushed to the scene of a macaque invasion. But the Indian government decided a year ago to start enforcing a rule against keeping langurs in captivity, putting an end to the practice.
The result has been a rise in monkey-related complaints to the New Delhi Municipal Corporation.
Without their langur partners, most monkey catchers moved to other professions. “We couldn't find people who knew the tactics to scare the monkeys,” said the NDMC employee.
The municipality has outsourced the policing of monkeys to a contractor and identified 40 important locations that need protection including the homes of ministers and around Parliament.
Pramod Kumar is one of the forty monkey impersonators. He is stationed outside the home of a Supreme Court Justice, and sees between 50 to a 100 monkeys daily. He growls at them or chases them with a stick but says he doesn't use a costume.
It remains unclear if the new troop of monkey guards are as effective as the originals.
“It can take an hour or more for the monkeys to get scared away,” said the city official. “They don't get scared easily.”
--Preetika Rana contributed to this post.
Follow Sean on Twitter @McLainSean.
Next Game: Grambling 5/10/2017 | 6 p.m. SEC Network+
AUBURN, Ala. – In the longest game in Alabama baseball history at 6:36, the Crimson Tide took down the fourth-ranked Auburn Tigers on the Plains to complete the weekend sweep. The Sunday victory improved the Tide to 18-29 overall and 5-19 in Southeastern Conference play.
The victory marks the third time Alabama has swept the Tigers in Auburn in consecutive weekend series in program history and the first time the Tide has completed back-to-back three-game series sweeps of AU in Auburn. Alabama has also won seven straight games at Auburn to tie for the longest winning streak over the Tigers in Auburn, which came from May 6, 1955-April 21, 1958 – the only other time UA has accomplished the feat.
Sunday's series finale saw seven lead changes, including three different times in extra innings where Alabama scored and Auburn matched to extend the game up until the 15th inning. In that 15th, the Crimson Tide was able to score two on a Sam Finnerty RBI-single and a sacrifice fly from Connor Short to take the decisive lead. The Tide then brought in Garrett Suchey with a runner aboard, but the junior shut the door with a lineout to center for the game's final out to secure the UA sweep.
Alabama used eight total pitchers and 20 players saw time at the plate, including three who did both – Finnerty, Zac Rogers and Sonny Potter . The Crimson Tide's seventh pitcher, Potter (1-1), got his first career win with 0.1 of an inning worked. Suchey followed him with 1.0 inning of scoreless baseball for his third save of the season.
The Tide offense was led by Chandler Taylor , who finished 4-for-6 with two doubles, a home run, one RBI, a team-high three runs scored and two walks. Also homering was Hunter Alexander as part of his 2-for-6 night that included a team-high tying two RBIs, two runs scored and a pair of walks.
Auburn kicked off the day's scoring, plating one run apiece in the first and second innings to take a 2-0 advantage. Alabama took its first lead of the day in the fourth, scoring three runs on four hits for the 3-2 lead. Alexander notched a two-run home run to the deepest part of the park making it a 2-2 game. Kyle Kaufman followed with a double and then Short recorded a two-out double of his own, bringing in Kaufman to give the Tide the one-run lead.
The Tigers evened things up in the bottom of the fifth then took a one-run lead at 4-3 in the sixth. In the top of the seventh, Alabama pulled out front, scoring a pair of runs on just one hit. An infield single from Cobie Vance with two in scoring position brought in the tying run. With runners at the corners and two down, a chopper from Alexander at the second baseman was misplayed to allow the man from third to score, giving UA the 5-4 lead heading to the stretch.
Auburn tied things up in the bottom of the seventh. A leadoff single and a wild pitch put a Tiger at second. Another error allowed two to reach before a wild play allowed Auburn to cross the tying run. What looked like a potential 6-4-3 double play resulted in a force at second but the runner at first was called safe. The Tide first baseman turned around to debate the call, and while his back was turned the man at third took advantage to score without a throw, bringing the tally to 5-5 after seven.
The two teams stayed scoreless in regulation to move the game into extras, where they would first match each other with one run apiece in the 10th inning. Walker McCleney singled up the chute with a man on third to score one, giving the Tide the advantage heading into the home half. Auburn answered the call with one of its own in the bottom of the 10th.
In the 11th, the two teams matched with one apiece again. Taylor sent a 2-2 pitch to straightaway center for a solo homer to move Alabama in front, but the Crimson Tide was unable to maintain the lead. In the bottom of the inning, Auburn scored one to send things forward.
The game went scoreless in the 12th, but the 13th saw each squad post a two-spot in the inning. A suicide squeeze by Vance with runners on the corners brought in the go-ahead run and became out No. 2 for UA in the inning. Intentional walks to Taylor and Alexander loaded the bases for Zac Rogers , who drew a free pass with the bases loaded to send in one more for Alabama. Auburn came right back with two runs of their own in the bottom of the 13th to extend the game.
The 14th was another scoreless frame, but Alabama took the decisive advantage in the 15th with two runs for the 11-9 lead. Another Taylor double led off the frame before an error on Alexander's grounder to short put Tide at the corners. One out later, Finnerty found an opening on the left side for a single to score the go-ahead run. A wild pitch moved both into scoring position before Short's sacrifice fly to deep left added one more insurance run.
Auburn would reach the tying and winning runs in the bottom of the 15th, but a lineout to center ended the game with both men stranded.
Next up for the Crimson Tide is a midweek trip to Birmingham to take on the Samford Bulldogs at Joe Lee Griffin Stadiun on Tuesday, May 9. The two teams are set for a 6 p.m. CT first pitch with the game airing live on YouTube (through SamfordSports.com). Alabama and Samford met earlier this season, with the Bulldogs claiming a 10-3 win on March 15 at Sewell-Thomas Stadiun.
Get all the latest information on the team by following AlabamaBSB on Twitter and Instagram and on Facebook at Alabama Baseball. General athletic news can be found at UA_Athletics on Twitter and Instagram and AlabamaAthletics on Facebook.
I've written before how certain seasons become identifiable with one player, or maybe a couple of players.
Last season, for example, clearly belonged to Justin Verlander. You can debate the historic nature of his season, but it just felt like his year, with the 24 wins, the no-hitter, the 100-mph fastballs in the ninth inning of starts and, eventually, the Cy Young and MVP trophies.
I'm not sure if 2012 will end up being one of those seasons; it's too early to know, plus the postseason can come into play -- 1988 turned into Orel Hershiser's year instead of Jose Canseco's when the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Oakland A's in the World Series.
But if I had to pick a face of the first half it's Andrew McCutchen, the 25-year-old center fielder of the first-place Pittsburgh Pirates. Yes, first-place Pirates. McCutchen had another huge game on Sunday in Pittsburgh's 13-2 victory over San Francisco, going 3-for-5 with two home runs, three runs and four RBIs. His two-run homer off Tim Lincecum in the first inning staked the Pirates to an early lead. He's now hitting .362/.414/.625, leads the major leagues in batting average and total bases, leads the NL in slugging percentage, ranks second to Joey Votto in OPS, and is among NL leaders with 18 home runs, 60 RBIs and 58 runs scored.
Jayson Stark gave his first-half NL MVP honors to McCutchen, and I'm inclined to agree. The Pirates keep winning, and McCutchen keeps delivering big hits.
Over his past nine games, McCutchen is scorching hot at 21-for-38 (.553) with 15 runs scored. But this stretch of dominance goes back to early June. McCutchen had helped keep the Pirates afloat the first two months, when the offense struggled to generate runs. The Pirates hit .228 in April and averaged just 2.6 runs per game. They weren't much better in May, hitting .210 and scoring 3.2 runs per game. Without McCutchen's .331/.389/.541 line through May, the Pirates wouldn't have been 25-25. On June 8 and 9, McCutchen went hitless in consecutive games for the only time this season. Since June 10, he's hitting .443 with 27 RBIs in the 26 games he's played. And since June 1, the Pirates are 23-12. If you want to go back a bit further, the Pirates are 34-19 since May 12, tied with the Angels and Yankees for the best record since that date.
McCutchen hasn't been a one-man show. Neil Walker had five hits on Sunday. A.J. Burnett won his ninth consecutive decision. Pedro Alvarez has been blasting some home runs and the bullpen has been terrific. The Pirates -- with 19 consecutive losing seasons -- are in first place at the All-Star break for the first time since 1997. It's the feel-good story of the first half.
"I am not going up to bat to hit home runs," McCutchen said after Sunday's game. "I am just trying to put good swings on balls and when I do that, depending on where the pitch is and how my swing is, some balls go out."
We've seen plenty of those good swings so far.
My other top-five faces of the first half:
R.A. Dickey has dominated so far with 2.40 ERA, a 0.93 WHIP, and a 12-1 record. AP Photo/Peter Morgan
2. Mike Trout and Bryce Harper
Youth, energy, excitement and, best of all, talent ooze from every pore of their body. Not since Alex Rodriguez and Ken Griffey Jr. broke in with the Mariners have we seen players of this ability at this age, where we can realistically say "There is no limit to their potential."
Let's start with Trout. Stark gave his first-half AL MVP to Trout -- and once again I agree. It's time to stop looking for holes in his game. He doesn't have any. The 20-year-old rookie outfielder, who spent the first 20 games of the season at Triple-A, hit his 12th home run in the Angels' 6-0 shutout over the Orioles on Sunday. Simply put, he's having one of the greatest rookie seasons of all time and one of the greatest seasons ever by a 20-year-old. He's hitting .341/.397/.562 and leads the AL in batting average and stolen bases while ranking fourth in OPS. Entering Sunday, his Baseball-Reference WAR (wins above replacement level) was an astonishing 4.6 in just 63 games.
We ran this list earlier in the season, but here are the players since 1901 who had a 5.0 WAR season since 1901:
Ty Cobb, Tigers, 1907: 6.6
Mel Ott, Giants, 1929: 7.3
Ted Williams, Red Sox, 1939: 6.6
Mickey Mantle, Yankees, 1952: 6.3
Al Kaline, Tigers, 1955: 8.0
Frank Robinson, Reds, 1956: 6.2
Vada Pinson, Reds, 1959: 6.3
Ken Griffey Jr., Mariners, 1990: 5.0
Alex Rodriguez, Mariners, 1996: 9.2
Jason Heyward, Braves, 2010: 6.3
As for Harper, he's younger than Trout and is hitting .282/.354/.472. Like Trout, he's an impressive blend of power and speed. Most impressively for a 19-year-old, he's held his own against left-handers after struggling against them in his brief sojourn through the minors. Maybe nobody is surprised by this since Harper's future stardom was projected ever since he appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated as a 16-year-old with anecdotes of his Ruthian feats at the plate.
Still, he's 19. Most kids his age are in Class A or rookie ball. Harper currently owns an .826 OPS. The only two 19-year-olds to post an .800 OPS were Ott and Tony Conigliaro. Maybe pitchers will find holes in their swings in the second half. Maybe the long grind of 162 games will wear them out. Or, scary thought, maybe they'll get better.
3. R.A. Dickey
The Mets are a surprising 46-40, and their 37-year-old knuckleballer is a huge reason why with his 12-1, 2.40 first half. He's allowed one run or no runs in 10 of his 17 starts and opponents are hitting .203 off him. No pitcher who employed the knuckleball as his primary pitch has ever won the Cy Young Award. I have a feeling Dickey will be in that discussion come season's end.
4. Josh Hamilton
In a season of perfect games, no-hitters and other pitching gems, Hamilton's four-homer game on May 8 in Baltimore stands out. So do his 27 home runs and 75 RBIs -- and that's despite a June slump that saw him hit .223 with four home runs. It will be interesting to see if Hamilton or Jose Bautista -- also with 27 home runs -- can chase down Roger Maris' 61 home runs. No, that's not the single-season record, but let's just say it will be interesting to see how everyone reacts if that number is approached.
5. Joey Votto
Votto's 14 home runs and 48 RBIs may not impress you, but hopefully his .348/.471/.617 line does. That on-base percentage is 90 points higher than Hamilton's and Votto actually raises his numbers with runners in scoring position (.377/.535/.836). With 35 doubles in the Reds' first 85 games, Votto is on pace for 67, which would tie Earl Webb's record set in 1931. It's an obscure record, but it will be a fun chase if Votto gets close.
It's been a wild ride in the first half. I can't wait for the second half.
PHOTO OF THE DAY
We analyzed the potential role of pizza on cancer risk, using data from an integrated network of case‐control studies conducted in Italy between 1991 and 2000. Cancer sites were: oral cavity and pharynx (598 cases), esophagus (304 cases), larynx (460 cases), colon (1,225 cases) and rectum (728 cases). Controls were 4,999 patients admitted for acute, non‐neoplastic conditions to the same hospital network as cases. Odds ratios for regular pizza consumers were 0.66 (95% confidence interval, CI = 0.47–0.93) for oral and pharyngeal cancer, 0.41 (95% CI = 0.25–0.69) for oesophageal, 0.82 (95% CI = 0.56–1.19) for laryngeal, 0.74 (95% CI = 0.61–0.89) for colon and 0.93 (95% CI = 0.75–1.17) for rectal cancer. Pizza appears therefore to be a favorable indicator of risk for digestive tract neoplasms in this population. © 2003 Wiley‐Liss, Inc.
Pizza is one of the best known and most widespread Italian foods, and it is said to be the most common generic commercial sign of Italy worldwide. Investigating and quantifying any potential role of pizza on cancer risk seems to be a curious issue, but may well have interesting implications in respect to dietary advice in Italy as well as elsewhere. Limited and inconclusive information is available on the potential influence of pizza, however, as a food item or as an indicator of any specific dietary pattern, on cancer risk. An inverse trend in risk with increasing number of portions of pizza was observed for prostate cancer in the U.S. Health Professionals Follow‐Up Study.1, 2 In a case‐control study from southern Italy on 132 cases of colorectal cancer, the odds ratio (OR) for frequent consumption of pizza was 0.89 (95% confidence interval, CI = 0.51–1.53).3 We analyzed data from a large and integrated network of case‐control studies conducted in Italy, including detailed information on pizza eating as well as on a large number of potential confounding factors.
MATERIAL AND METHODS Case‐control studies on digestive tract and laryngeal neoplasms have been conducted between 1991 and 2000 in various regions of northern, central and southern Italy.4, 5, 6, 7 Our analysis included 598 patients (512 men, 86 women) with incident, histologically confirmed cancer of the oral cavity and pharynx, 304 (275 men, 29 women) with squamous‐cell oesophageal cancer, 460 (415 men, 45 women) with cancer of the larynx, 1,225 (688 men, 537 women) of the colon and 728 (437 men, 291 women) of the rectum. The comparison group included 4,999 patients (2,724 men, 2,275 women) admitted to the same hospital network as cases for acute, non‐neoplastic diseases. Twenty‐five percent of controls were admitted for traumas, 30% for other non‐traumatic orthopaedic conditions, 18% for acute surgical disorders and 27% for miscellaneous other illnesses. Response rate was more than 95% for both cases and controls. All subjects were interviewed using a standard questionnaire, including information on socio‐demographic factors and lifestyle habits, such as tobacco smoking and alcohol consumption. Subjects' usual diet before diagnosis (or hospital admission) was investigated using a validated 78‐item food frequency questionnaire8, 9 that included a specific question on pizza. For the present analyses, pizza eating was classified in 3 categories: non eaters (<1 portion of pizza/month), occasional eaters (1–3 portions/month) and regular eaters (1 portion of pizza or more/week). OR and the corresponding 95% CI, for subsequent levels of pizza eating were derived by unconditional multiple logistic regression models, including terms for age, gender, study center, education, alcohol and tobacco consumption, energy intake, body mass index and for colon and rectum, a measure of physical activity.
RESULTS Table I show the distribution of cases and controls according to pizza consumption and the corresponding multivariate ORs. Compared to non‐pizza‐consumers, the multivariate ORs for pizza eaters (≥1 portion/month) were 0.73 for oral cavity and pharynx, 0.53 for esophagus, 0.85 for larynx, 0.81 for colon and 0.88 for rectum. Corresponding ORs for regular pizza eaters (≥1 portion/week) were 0.66 for oral and pharyngeal, 0.41 for oesophageal, 0.82 for laryngeal, 0.74 for colon and 0.93 for rectal cancer. The trends in risk were significant for oral and pharyngeal, esophageal and colon cancers. Table I. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for various Neoplasms1 According to Pizza Consumption in Italy 1991–2000 Cancer Pizza eaters OR (95% CI)2 χ2 trend (p)4 Non Occasional3 Regular3 Occasional3 Regular3 All eaters Oral cavity and pharynx 310 213 75 0.76 (0.60–0.95) 0.66 (0.47–0.93) 0.73 (0.59–0.91) 7.92 (0.005) Oesophagus 175 105 24 0.57 (0.42–0.78) 0.41 (0.25–0.69) 0.53 (0.39–0.72) 17.46 (<0.001) Larynx 236 167 57 0.86 (0.66–1.11) 0.82 (0.56–1.19) 0.85 (0.66–1.08) 1.71 (0.191) Colon 503 473 249 0.84 (0.72–0.97) 0.74 (0.61–0.89) 0.81 (0.70–0.93) 10.97 (0.001) Rectum 301 260 167 0.85 (0.71–1.02) 0.93 (0.75–1.17) 0.88 (0.74–1.04) 0.74 (0.390) Controls 1,836 2,016 1,147 — — — — No appreciable difference was found according to gender for colorectal cancer, the ORs of pizza consumers being 0.78 (95% CI: 0.65–0.94) in men and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.66–1.02) in women for colon cancer, and 0.91 (95% CI: 0.73–1.14) and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.63–1.08) respectively for rectal cancer (not shown in Table I). The data were inadequate to analyze women only for upper digestive and respiratory tract neoplasms.
DISCUSSION The findings of this uniquely large and integrated series of case‐control studies from Italy suggest that pizza eating is a favorable indicator of risk for digestive tract neoplasms. In contrast, major sources of refined carbohydrates in Italy, mainly bread and pasta, were directly associated with the risk of colorectal cancer4 but inconsistently related to the risk of cancer of the upper aero‐digestive tract.5, 6, 7 Pizza, however, does not include only variable amounts of carbohydrates (∼50%), but also tomato sauce (20%), mozzarella cheese (20%) and olive oil (4%), plus additional toppings in a proportion of cases. The favorable influence on the risk of the neoplasms investigated may therefore be related to tomatoes or olive oil, which have been shown to be inversely associated to the risk of various cancers, including those of the digestive tract and larynx.4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 Cooked tomatoes (and especially tomato sauce) are rich in lycopene, a carotenoid that has been shown inversely related to cancers of the prostate in the US,2 of the digestive tract in Italy,12 and of several other sites.2 Our study has some of the limitations and several strengths of hospital‐based case‐control studies. In particular, controls included a wide range of acute non‐neoplastic conditions unrelated to long term modification of diet, participation was almost complete, and allowance was made for tobacco, alcohol, education and other major potential confounding factors. Reproducibility of information on pizza consumption was 0.66.8 Even if the association is real, drawing inferences about specific components of pizza, nutrients or micronutrients remains difficult, because pizza may simply represent an aspecific indicator of Italian diet. Some (olive oil, fish, vegetables and fruit), though not all, aspects of Mediterranean diet have shown a favorable effect on the risk of several chronic diseases, including cancer.11, 13, 14, 15, 16 In fact, it has been estimated that a traditional healthy Mediterranean diet could prevent 10–25% of several common neoplasms in developed Western countries.10 Extension of the apparently favorable effect of pizza on cancer risk in Italy to other types of diets and populations is therefore not warranted.
Acknowledgements The authors thank Mrs. J. Baggott and M.P. Bonifacino for editorial assistance.
Next January will be an expensive month for Martin and Kim MacKriell.
Their three children were all born on the same day, beating odds of one in 130,000 â so they won't just be tightening their belts after Christmas.
Triple trouble: Robin, at the back, Rebecca and baby Ruth
The couple's son Robin was first, born on January 29, 1994, then along came Rebecca exactly two years later. This year, the trio was completed when Ruby was born on â you've guessed it â January 29.
‘Everyone thinks it is really weird,' says 14-year-old Robin, who acts as spokesman because his parents are deaf.
The chances of Mr MacKriell, 40, and his 41-year-old wife, from Gloucester, having three children on the same day are ‘about 7.5 in a million', claims Prof Bill Notz from Ohio State University.
That's one in 133,000 and it means one thing for certain â decorator Mr MacKriell will have to paint a lot of walls to pay for the birthdays in 2009.
The family was amazed when Ruby was born, said Mr MacKriell, a director of Gloucestershire Deaf Association.
When they were younger, Robin and Rebecca, 12, used to celebrate together but as they have grown they have marked their birthdays separately.
But next year is going to be one big family party with three sets of gifts.
Robin added: ‘It's a bit like Christmas without the tree, us all getting presents on the same day.'
Linebacker Reuben Foster was once a top five player, and now might fall into the Cardinals' lap
Any team that needs a quarterback is going to generate tons of buzz about which passer they'll take. Fans and analysts all begin looking at system, history, and value to predict who they should take to play under center.
Lost in all the furor, though, is the fact that the Arizona Cardinals need a linebacker just as badly as they need a quarterback. Karlos Dansby was signed in place of Kevin Minter, but the veteran is no sure thing, and definitely isn't a long-term solution. They're in need of a young, talented inside linebacker, and it's pretty urgent.
At one point, former Alabama linebacker Reuben Foster was one of the top five players in the entire draft. His talent was obvious to anyone who saw him play, and watched him make play after play. Something happened on the way to the draft though.
The first blip on the radar came at the combine, where he was sent home after an altercation with a nurse. This, naturally, brought up questions about his attitude. The big hit came more recently. Last week, word came out that Foster failed a drug test at the combine. This was in the form of a diluted sample. Failing a drug test is potentially very damaging to his draft stock, especially when combined with attitude questions, and shoulder injury concerns.
There is a lot to like about Foster too. He's a heat-seeking missile on defense, going sideline to sideline, exploding into ball carriers. He's a sure tackler, and is solid in coverage as well. Talent-wise, he's easily the best linebacker in the draft.
The worries with Foster have certainly affected his draft stock. Many now believe that he'll fall out of the first round completely. If so, the Cardinals might be chomping at the bit to grab him in round two. If he falls to them, he's an instant upgrade alongside Deone Bucannon, and potentially a consistent All Pro. Off the field concerns make him risky, but if they can get him in round two, the Cardinals pretty much have to take him.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Never underestimate the dishonesty of politicians.
Exemplary is the opposition of President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to extending the Rohrabacher Medical Marijuana Amendment to prohibit the expenditure of federal funds to prosecute medical marijuana businesses that are operating legally under state law. At present, 29 states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana. (The federal Controlled Substances Act would otherwise expose the distributors or users to federal prosecution.)
The amendment made its way into federal law in a 2014 federal appropriations bill. Three years later, not a crumb of evidence has surfaced suggesting that the amendment had spiked marijuana use or promoted or compounded any tangible evil.
During his 2016 campaign, Mr. Trump earnestly promised to “make medical marijuana widely available to patients, and allow states to decide if they want to fully legalize pot or not.”
As U.S. senator, current Attorney General Sessions' sound track was high octave opposition to the federal government's penchant for intruding on state prerogatives over voting rights, detentions of or undocumented immigrants, or otherwise. As Attorney General, Mr. Sessions has backed away from the Obama administration's aggressive oversight of local police forces that have chronically violated constitutional rights.
After making proper deductions for ordinary political dishonesty, voters in 2016 were reasonably confident that Messrs. Trump and Sessions would enthusiastically support an extension of the Rohrabacher Medical Marijuana Amendment. The idea that the federal government should stick its nose into the medical marijuana business is preposterous. It has no national security dimension. It is vastly less risky than alcohol or tobacco. And there is nothing in the dynamics of state politics that make state jurisdictions ill-suited to deciding whether their citizens should have access to medical marijuana. Equally if not more important, every federal dollar expended investigating or prosecuting medical marijuana businesses is a dollar unavailable to detect and prosecute international or home-grown terrorists. In other words, to oppose the Medical Marijuana Amendment is to provide material assistance to ISIS and other international terrorist organizations.
These facts, however, have not deterred Messrs. Trump and Sessions from abandoning their campaign promises or professed constitutional principles. Earlier this year in inking a Continuing Resolution to fund the government, Mr. Trump appended a signing statement addressing the Medical Marijuana Amendment which asserted: “I will treat this provision consistently with my constitutional responsibility to take care that the laws be faithfully executed.”
There may be crazier constitutional interpretations, but if there are, they do not readily come to mind. The amendment is a federal law that supersedes the Controlled Substances Act. It represents a time-honored exercise of the congressional power of the purse. James Madison, father of the U.S. Constitution, elaborated in Federalist 58: “This power over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people, for obtaining a redress of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure.” Thus, Article I, section 9, clause 7 prohibits the executive from spending money “but in consequence of appropriations made by law.” Additionally, the Anti-Deficiency Act, 31 U.S.C. 1341(a)(1)(A) prohibits the executive from expending federal funds not authorized by Congress. In sum, Mr. Trump's hint that the Medical Marijuana Amendment transgresses his obligation to faithfully execute the laws is laughable.
In May, Mr. Sessions wrote a letter to Congress vehemently denouncing the Medical Marijuana Amendment. He referenced “an historic drug epidemic and potentially long-term uptick in violent crime.” But anything is possible. Violent crime may have crested and we may potentially witness a long-term downtick. The attorney general was unable to point to any trends in criminal justice during the three long years since the Amendment became law indicative of pernicious effects.
On Sept. 6, 2017, the House Rules Committee—a puppet of House Speaker Paul Ryan—blocked a floor vote on the Medical Marijuana Amendment. But the Senate Appropriations Committee has passed it, which makes the amendment a candidate for inclusion in a final spending bill.
Every member of Congress should recognize that a vote against the Amendment is a vote in favor of ISIS, al Qaeda, and sister international terrorist organizations. They rejoice at witnessing our law enforcement resources squandered on chasing after medical marijuana businesses rather than devoted to capturing, prosecuting or killing them.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
NORWOOD PARK — Firefighter Anthony Napolitano Tuesday defeated Ald. Mary O'Connor to win the 41st Ward seat on the Chicago City Council.
During the six-week runoff campaign, O'Connor and Napolitano tussled over the city's looming pension crisis, the jet noise blanketing the Far Northwest Side and the responsiveness and transparency of the ward office.
"Not for one second did I think we could knock off an incumbent alderman," Napolitano said Tuesday night after defeating O'Connor with 52 percent of the vote, according to unofficial returns. "I'm beside myself. I'm excited."
Napolitano, who blasted O'Connor as "rubber stamp" for Mayor Rahm Emanuel, will be the only Republican on the Chicago City Council when he is sworn in next month.
Emanuel won re-election Tuesday night.
DNAinfo/Tanveer Ali
Napolitano said he would focus on public safety in the 41st Ward, which includes Edison Park, Norwood Park, O'Hare and Edgebrook, is home to a large population of city workers, police officers and firefighters.
"We need more police officers," Napolitano said.
Napolitano will join fellow firefighter Ald. Nicholas Sposato (36th), who will represent the 38th Ward, on the City Council. He will take a pay cut as an alderman, city records show.
"It is probably a crazier job than I'm prepared for," Napolitano said at his victory party at Mo Dailey's Pub and Grille, 6070 N. Northwest Hwy.
While O'Connor accused Napolitano of having no real plan to address the pension issue, Napolitano said the reforms O'Connor supported would hurt city employees like himself and his family members who paid into their pension accounts twice a month for years.
Napolitano has ruled out a property tax increase to meet the state Legislature's requirement that city to make a $550 million pension payment to police and fire pension systems by 2016, which would force officials to either drastically cut services, raise taxes or borrow a significant amount of money.
Heather Cherone breaks down the results:
The 41st Ward, which includes Edison Park, Norwood Park, O'Hare and Edgebrook, is home to a large population of city workers, police officers and firefighters.
Napolitano criticized O'Connor for failing to make good on her promise to hold a City Council hearing on what can be done to reduce the racket made by planes using the newest east-west runway at O'Hare Airport.
"We should be heard," Napolitano said.
O'Connor, who campaigned on a record of accomplishments that she said included new schools, parks, roads and sewers, declined interviews Tuesday night.
O'Connor "ran a good campaign," Napolitano said.
In an email to supporters, O'Connor thanked those who worked on her campaign and said she was proud of her record.
"I wish we could be doing this together for the next four years, but the voters have made another choice," O'Connor said.
O'Connor called Napolitano to congratulate him on his victory, and left a message on his voice mail, said Thomas Bowen, a spokesman for her campaign. O'Connor will discuss the transition with the alderman-elect next week, Bowen said.
Ald. Mary O'Connor campaigns Saturday in front of the Roden branch of the Chicago Public Library. (Facebook)
Former Ald. Brian Doherty, who resigned from the council in 2011 after representing the 41st Ward for 20 years, was one of Napolitano's precinct captains. Doherty was the lone Republican at City Hall for most of his tenure.
In her message to supporters Tuesday night, O'Connor said before she took office, the 41st Ward was "an afterthought when it came to services from downtown and policy decisions."
Doherty said Tuesday night he was "vindicated" by Napolitano's victory.
"She has to take responsibility for her defeat," Doherty said at Napolitano's victory party. "Up here, they'll tell you when you've missed the mark."
For more election coverage, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Top rocker Gruff Rhys returned to his hometown last night to speak about his first foray into writing film scores.
The Super Furry Animals frontman created music for the film Set Fire To The Stars which will be released in the USA next month.
Starring Celyn Jones from Holyhead and Lord Of The Rings actor Elijah Wood, the film tells the story of one week in the life of iconic Welsh poet Dylan Thomas when he visits New York in 1953.
The movie was shown to an appreciative audience at Neuadd Ogwen, Bethesda and afterwards Gruff, Celyn and the film's co-producer Andy Evans, answered the audience's questions.
Gruff, known as someone who likes to push the envelope musically, says he was surprised to be asked to write the music for the film.
And he was even more surprised to find himself composing a jazzy score for the movie.
He said: “It's great to create a score for a film. I've learnt a lot and it's been a really different experience for me.”
Putting together a jazz band to meet the challenge, Gruff found himself experimenting with different sounds and styles.
“I formed a jazz group with drummer Chris Walmsley, Jim Barr who is the double bass player with Portishead, Osian Gwynedd (formerly of Big Leaves and Sybridion) on piano and Gruff Ab Arwel from Y Niwl who arranged the strings.
“It was really good because it's been really varied but it means we've had to adopt a particular instrumentation and not veer from that,” he added.
But although musically different it is not a style he expects to continue playing.
“I wrote a lot of music for the film, enough for a double album. And some of the pieces have been stripped right back to just piano in places.
“There's only one song that is a '50s trad jazz pastiche. They needed a song that was being played on the radio in the background.
“I had to pinch myself that it was really happening because that's something I never expected to make.
“There's also two or three songs and the theme song that are mostly instrumental, although I was trying to get a jazz band to play.
Krautrock instrumentals, but it ended up sounding like neither.
“It's nice to try to come up with different musical ideas that will take me somewhere I've never been before,” he said.
Currently preparing for the launch of a book about the history of the Super Furry Animals, Gruff said he would like to write another film score.
“But you can't speculate on this kind of things. They happen or they don't. Through writing songs I've ended up in some really different situations where I could never have pictured myself, so it's definitely part of the adventure for me, but I don't crave anything in particular. I take it as it comes,” he said.
Celyn Jones told the audience getting Gruff Rhys to provide the film's soundtrack had proved the ultimate coup.
“I'm playing my literary hero in a film scored by my musical hero – it doesn't get much better than that,” he said.
Seeing the movie completed and being shown in cinemas was the culmination of a life-long dream of playing the boozy Swansea bard
for the 35 year-old actor, who also co-wrote the script.
He said: “I was aware of Thomas back during my drama school days in Oxford, but it wasn't until I wandered – quite by chance – into a second-hand bookshop there that the idea for this film came about.
“Inside, I picked up a copy of Dylan Thomas In America by John Brinnin, the American academic who'd first invited him to the States for a reading tour.
“Ever since then I've wanted to make a film about their relationship.”
Co-written with Downton Abbey director Andy Goddard, Celyn described the script as akin to Withnail & I, the cult 1987 comedy about two sozzled thespians whose friendship becomes strained during an increasingly drunken weekend away.
“Set Fire To The Stars is very much one of those never-meet-your-heroes-type stories.
“When Brinnin, who was a big admirer of Thomas, brought him over to New York and became his agent he really didn't know what he was letting himself in for.
“Theirs was very much a ‘rock star and his fan' kind of relationship, with both men polar opposites of each other both in terms of geography and their approach to life.
“And the reality of that situation quickly dawned on Brinnin when this lumbering unmade bed of a man hovered into view, stuffed into his duffel coat, with hair like a bird's nest and a massive appetite for the strong stuff,” he said.
Celyn added the film was shot during an 18-day shoot in Swansea last February.
“Our crew did an incredible job recreating New York City in south Wales,” he added.
He said the movie will be released in the USA in March but first he will attend an awards ceremony in Miami where it has been nominated for best script.
Hello again, dice jugglers. Welcome to Part 4 of ARR!. Today, we're going discover the dark secrets of Merric Gallowstree and the bargain our wild warlock made. Over the last two weeks, we've assembled six individuals, given them a name, a Class, a Race, and a Background. Now, we're going to fill in their character sheets. As I mentioned in a previous article, I am not rolling for these characters stats. While that is an entirely feasible method of character creation in Dungeons and Dragons, if you plan to roll your stats, it is advisable to do that at the beginning of the character creation process. That way, your Ability Scores can inform your choice of Class. We've simply reversed the situation for a change of pace in ARR!.
With that in mind, these are recommended selections to help make these characters “mechanically sound.” It is not to optimize or “munchkin” them, nor is it to force each character into a single niche. With six characters at the 1st Level, the players will be doing the bulk of the choosing as their characters advance in experience. For now, we're just looking to make sure they feel fun to play. To that end, we'll primarily be using the default ability and spell suggestions in the Player's Handbook. After all, nothing is crueler than having a player agree to play a random character and then giving them the sheet for a nearly unplayable mess. That's how you teach players to never agree to do random things again.
Rule #1: If the players aren't having fun, it doesn't matter.
Alright, I'm going to try and keep this light and clean so that I don't lose too many people by just talking about numbers and abstract stats that, if you're relatively new to gaming, may get you lost, but enough to let our seasoned folks know where we are.
Assigning Ability Scores
There are six Ability Scores we have to flesh out for our party members. Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma. These scores will give our characters bonuses or penalties for in-game actions. We're going to use the Score Assignment method; instead of rolling random Ability Scores or using a point buy system, we're just going to assign scores from a set of six.
The Ability Score scale runs roughly from 1 to 30, with 1 being so poor that it's surprising you're still alive, and 30 being the score many deities possess.
Our six scores are: 15, 14, 13, 12, 10, and 8.
In this case, 10 is “average.” You receive no bonuses, no penalties. These six numbers give us four things we're skilled at, one thing we're average at, and one thing we kinda suck at. This will be easiest to get usable characters out of random loons.
Ability Scores: Merric Gallowstree
First, we have our Halfling Warlock Merric Gallowstree . A random roll lets us know Merric is specifically a Lightfoot Halfling. This detail matters, as it will give him different bonuses and abilities. As a Warlock, Merric's Charisma should be his highest score so that he can cast spells well—we'll assign it the 15. This rises to 16 because he gets a bonus to Charisma as a Lightfoot.
. A random roll lets us know Merric is specifically a Lightfoot Halfling. This detail matters, as it will give him different bonuses and abilities. As a Warlock, Merric's should be his highest score so that he can cast spells well—we'll assign it the 15. This rises to 16 because he gets a bonus to as a Lightfoot. Second, his Constitution will get the 14, as it's recommended that he be quite durable. His other four Ability Scores are up to us. As Merric has been living as a Hermit, defending a great mystery.
will get the 14, as it's recommended that he be quite durable. His other four are up to us. As Merric has been living as a Hermit, defending a great mystery. It would stand to reason then, that his Intelligence and Wisdom are both above average. Since Merric is a Warlock perceiving messages and strange signs from his patrons that others can't see, let's give his Wisdom the 13 and his Intelligence the 12.
and are both above average. Since Merric is a Warlock perceiving messages and strange signs from his patrons that others can't see, let's give his the 13 and his the 12. Now for his most “average” skill. Surviving alone, let's reason, has probably left him relatively nimble. Dexterity will get the 10. Again, his being a Halfling gives him a bonus to Dexterity. This time, it raises it to 12.
will get the 10. Again, his being a Halfling gives him a bonus to This time, it raises it to 12. Finally, that leaves the 8 for Strength. Apparently, Merric has never been incredibly strong.
Merric's Spells & Skills:
Using the Player's Handbook recommendations, Merric will receive the spells and skills listed below. Also, being 1st Level, Merric has a +2 Proficiency Bonuses. This means everything we say he has a “Proficiency” in, he gains a +2 to using.
Eldritch Blast and C hill Touch cantrips. These are two attack spells he can use in combat. Both are ranged spells. One is great against the undead, and one can be upgraded later in his Warlock levels. Cantrips can also be used over and over with no issue.
and C cantrips. These are two attack spells he can use in combat. Both are ranged spells. One is great against the undead, and one can be upgraded later in his Warlock levels. Cantrips can also be used over and over with no issue. We'll also give him the 1 st level spells Ray of Sickness and Witch Bolt . These are two more ranged attack spells. At 1 st level, he'll only be able to choose one spell to cast once per day.
level spells and . These are two more ranged attack spells. At 1 level, he'll only be able to choose one spell to cast once per day. Merric starts with 10 Hit Points (8 + his Constitution modifier of 2.) Every time he gains a level, he can either roll a 1d8 or gain 5 Hit Points (plus his Constitution modifier), depending on how your group chooses to run the game.
modifier of 2.) Every time he gains a level, he can either roll a 1d8 or gain 5 Hit Points (plus his modifier), depending on how your group chooses to run the game. Merric has Proficiency with Light Armor and Simple Weapons.
with Light Armor and Simple Weapons. He has Proficiency in Saving Throws for Wisdom and Charisma (both of these will help him resist different dangers and types of spells.)
We also have to choose two skills from a list. We already know that Merric is in trouble for his discoveries and that he's been doing extensive research since then. Therefore, he'll get:
Proficiency in the skill Investigation .
the skill . Proficiency in the skill History.
Merric's Equipment & Special Features:
Next, we're choosing Merric's equipment.
His Dexterity means he would favor long-range weapons over close-range ones, so we choose a light crossbow and 20 bolts over an extra melee weapon.
means he would favor long-range weapons over close-range ones, so we choose a light crossbow and 20 bolts over an extra melee weapon. We choose an arcane focus over a component pouch so that Merric never has to worry about having special “eye of newt, tongue of dog” goodies for his spells. We'll let Merric's player decide exactly what that focus should be.
Finally, we'll give him a scholar's pack over a dungeoneer's pack as he's been an intelligent hermit more than a cave diver. The contents of each pack are in the Player's Handbook. Suffice to say, the scholar's pack isn't as all-around useful as the dungeoneer's pack but it's in theme for our character.
Finally, he has a set of leather armor, two daggers, and a simple weapon. We'll pick a simple spear for his weapon, as it's appropriate for someone who's been surviving on their own, as well being quite versatile. With his Strength score so low, Merric will need all the help he can get. Thankfully, his daggers are considered Finesse weapons, so he gets to add his Dexterity bonus instead of his Strength.
Finally, we get to Merric's special features:
As a Lightfoot Halfling, he has a base walking speed of 25ft. per turn and is considered a Small creature.
He's also Lucky, meaning whenever he rolls a 1 (typically an automatic failure in DnD), he can reroll the die and must take the new result.
He is Brave, meaning he gets Advantage on saving throws against being frightened.
on saving throws against being frightened. He has Halfling Nimbleness , so he can move through the space of any creature a size larger than he (which even includes the other party members.)
, so he can move through the space of any creature a size larger than he (which even includes the other party members.) Further, he's Naturally Stealthy and can attempt to Hide even when only behind someone a single size larger. Now, we come to the DEFINING MOMENT for Merric.
Who is his Otherworldly Patron?
Merric is a Warlock, meaning his spell-casting abilities come from a deal with a powerful entity, not unlike a deity, but of stranger origin. It could be a powerful Archfey, like the Queen of Air and Shadows, or perhaps Oberon, the Green Lord. It could also be a Fiend from the Abyss looking for a soul to corrupt and a passageway out of their rank prisons. Or it could be a Great Old One from beyond the known reality, like Dendar the Night Serpent.
And our random number generator says…. an Archfey.
This will add to Merric's list of spells he can choose as he advances in levels, and well as granting him Fey Presence . This will allow Merric to force all those within a 10 ft. cube of him to roll Wisdom save against his spellcasting ability or be either charmed or frightened by his presence. Merric chooses which he would prefer each time the ability is used. Once used, Fey Presence can't be used again until Merric takes a rest, either short or long.
. This will allow Merric to force all those within a 10 ft. cube of him to roll Wisdom save against his spellcasting ability or be either charmed or frightened by his presence. Merric chooses which he would prefer each time the ability is used. Once used, can't be used again until Merric takes a rest, either short or long. Finally, we'll pick Merric's last Language gained from his Background as Sylvan, the language of the Fey.
So there we have it. Deep in the wilderness, a lone Halfling has been surviving in isolation. He has knowledge that those out there in the wider world would kill him to have. His experiences have left him few social graces but haven't tarnished his capacity for manipulating and seeing through others. He has sworn a pact with a great being of the Feywild. Power, in exchange for his service. A small shadow in the trees, living off nature, and hunting for secrets.
Concept Art
The concept art for Merric Gallowstree was created by our resident artist, Ryuu Kazarishi.
Come by next week as we continue building random characters with character, and eventually, an entire campaign all by the power of the random number generator. Thanks for reading and remember…
STAY RANDOM!
Share this:
Tweet
The subject of this post is probably a bit too technical to interest many readers, but I've been meaning to post something about it for a while and seem to have an hour or so to spare this morning so here goes. This is going to be a battle with the clunky WordPress latex widget too so please bear with me if it's a little difficult to read.
The topic something I came across a while ago when thinking about the way the evolution of the matter distribution in cosmology is described in terms of fluid mechanics, but what I'm going to say is not at all specific to cosmology, and perhaps isn't all that well known, so it might be of some interest to readers with a general physics background.
Consider a fluid with density . The velocity of the fluid at any point is . The evolution of such a fluid can be described by the continuity equation:
and the Euler equation
in which is the fluid pressure (pressure gradients appear in the above equation) and is a potential describing other forces on the fluid (in a cosmological context, this would include its self-gravity). To keep things as simple as possible, consider a pressureless fluid (as might describe cold dark matter) and restrict consideration to the case of a potential flow, i.e. one in which
where is a velocity potential; such a flow is curl-free. It is convenient to take the first integral of the Euler equation with respect to the spatial coordinates, which yields an equation for the velocity potential (cf. the Bernoulli equation):
The continuity equation becomes
This is all standard basic classical fluid mechanics. Now here's the interesting thing. Introduce a new quantity defined by
in which and is a constant. Using this construction, it turns out that
.
After a little bit of fiddling around putting this in the previous equation you can obtain the following:
which, apart from the last term and a slightly different notation, is identical to the Schrödinger equation of quantum mechanics; the term would be proportional to Planck's constant in that context, but in this context is a free parameter.
The mysterious term is pretty horrible:
and it turns the Schrödinger equation into a non-linear equation, but its role can be understood by seeing what happens if you start with the normal single-particle Schrödinger equation and work backwards; this is the approach taken historically by David Bohm and others. In that case the term appears as a strange extra potential term in the Bernoulli equation which is sometimes called the quantum potential. In the context of fluid flow, however, the term describes the the effect of pressure gradients that would arise if the fluid were barotropic. In the approach I've outlined, going in the opposite direction, this term is consequently sometimes called the “quantum pressure”. The parameter controls the size of this term, which has the effect of blurring out the streamlines of the purely classical solution.
This transformation from classical fluid mechanics to quantum mechanics is not a new idea; in fact it goes back to Madelung who, in the 1920s, was trying to find a way to express quantum theory in the language of classical fluids.
What interested me about this approach, however, is more practical. It might seem strange to want transform relatively simple classical fluid-mechanical setup into a quantum-mechanical framework, which isn't the obvious way to make progress, but there are a number of advantages of doing so. Perhaps chief among them is that the construction of means that the density is guranteed positive definite; this means that a perturbation expansion of will not lead to unphysical negative densities in the same way that happens if perturbation theory is applied to directly. This approach also has interesting links to other methods of studying the growth of large-scale structure in the Universe, such as the Zel'dovich approximation; the “waviness” controlled by the parameter is useful in ensuring that the density does not become infinite at shell-crossing, for example.
Anyway, here are some links to references with more details:
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1993ApJ…416L..71W
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1997PhRvD..55.5997W
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2002MNRAS.330..421C
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2003MNRAS.342..176C
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2006JCAP…12..012S
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2006JCAP…12..016S
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2010MNRAS.402.2491J
I think there are many more ways this approach could be extended, so maybe this will encourage someone out there to have a look at it!
Advertisements
The NWSL #PassTheBall campaign has noble roots, but women's football in America is in an odd place. The US Women's National Team has won 3 World Cups, is a world power, and averaged nearly 26,000 attendees at USWNT matches in 2015. By all accounts, the NWSL should be drawing bigger crowds and more tv viewers. Sexism, though somewhat difficult to prove or quantify, surely plays a role in the disparity between the growth of soccer in America, the popularity of soccer among girls and women, and the struggles of NWSL. The success on the field has not yet translated to success off it and so the meritocracy that we believe sports to be, seems hindered.
That issue is not easily solved of course, as hearts and minds need to change. The #PassTheBall campaign is not the way that happens.
Julia Roberts, Ellen Degeneres, David Beckham, among others appear in the main ad to suggest you watch NWSL on lifetime. Fair enough. Star power sells. The wheels fall off when Ellen points out that Julia Roberts calls the players great athletes and not great female athletes. Now all the viewer can think about is the fact that these poor women are marginalized and could be great role models and you should really really help them out by watching.
This criticism of the campaign may seem harsh, but NWSL is good soccer. Full stop. It doesn't need your sympathy. A competent campaign would show some highlights, have the celebrities talk about their favorite teams or favorite moments, anything other than make people feel like their viewership is making some special ladies feel like they're actually professional soccer players. It may attract some that want to be on the cutting edge of social justice, but in order to be taken seriously, they have to stop trying to be taken seriously. The novelty is going to wear off.
A perceived problem with women's sports in general, is that they market themselves as “just as good as the men” or “important for women's rights.” This message results in a great product that is pushed into the “other” category so that the focus is on the gender of the players, rather than the sport.
The challenge for the NWSL is that it has to market itself as an up and coming soccer league rather than a women's league. It has to appeal to the skill and entertainment value of the players, find voices that can articulate what they love about the league, market it as another soccer community with passionate fans, and avoid making male supporters feel like they're being benevolent by watching. The goal should be to make fans.
Going forward, NWSL has the ability to market the league with fantastic goals, excellent passes, and great saves. The playoffs can be an exciting draw for casual fans or fans looking for a new soccer experience. It is the league's best opportunity to use and capture them.
Megan Rapinoe (Seattle Reign) is one of the most skilled players in the world. Tobin Heath (Portland Thorns) is a magician on the ball. Alex Morgan (Orlando Pride) has been a FIFA world player of the year finalist and Carli Lloyd (Houston Dash) has won it. The league's all-time leading goal scorer, Samantha Kerr (Sky Blue FC), is a 24 year old Aussie, who many feels should have been in the conversation for World Player of the Year.
Don't miss the storylines of a player like Julie Ertz (Chicago Red Stars), who had an near disastrous own goal in the World Cup, redeem herself and become one of the up and coming midfielders in the game. There are no shortages of compelling stories that can span all ages – Mallory Pugh (Washington Spirit) is 19 and already a top player
In short, some of the best players in the world play in the NWSL. The greatest consequence of the league's financial struggles would be seeing these players go abroad, making it hard to see them on the pitch in person. Soccer is a game of skill and intelligence. It's a bit physical, it's a bit technical, it's a bit tactical – regardless of gender.
Something more like this:
The NWSL playoffs are worth tuning in for. Don't watch it for just your mom, sister, or grandmother. Don't watch it for just your daughter or women's rights. Watch it for all those reasons and more. Many people overlook how entertaining and good the soccer itself is and thus perpetuate the misconception that these are “just women,” which is not just a terrible shame, but a disservice to the tremendous athletes that take the field, entertaining millions of people. They aren't there out of pity, but out of love – for the game, for the community, for the experience. It's not something you want to miss.
President Trump's hardline stance on Qatar emerged not long after his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner's attempt to score a "half-billion dollar investment" from a Qatari billionaire fizzled, The Intercept reported Monday.
Trump in recent weeks has accused Qatar of funding terrorist activities and taken credit for the ongoing blockade several Gulf nations have imposed on Qatar. Kushner has reportedly "played a key behind-the scenes role in hardening the U.S. posture toward the embattled nation," The Intercept reported.
But before Kushner was involved in these talks, he was reportedly in negotiations with former Qatari prime minister and billionaire Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani to secure an investment as he worked to refinance the Kushner family's stake in a building on New York City's Fifth Avenue. The Intercept noted that Kushner and his family are "severely underwater" on the property, located at 666 Fifth Ave., and that "it is difficult to overstate just how important to Kushner the investment ... is for him, his company, and his family's legacy in real estate."
The deal between Thani and Kushner hasn't panned out, with some saying it's dead and others saying it's simply "on hold as the deal's mix of loans and equity was reconsidered." Either way, the existence of this deal and Trump's subsequent stance on Qatar raises serious questions, The Intercept contended:
If the deal is not entirely dead, that means Jared Kushner is on the one hand pushing to use the power of American diplomacy to pummel a small nation while on the other his firm is hoping to extract an extraordinary amount of capital from there for a failing investment. If, however, the deal is entirely dead, the pummeling may be seen as intimidating to other investors on the end of a Kushner Companies pitch. [The Intercept]
Read the full story at The Intercept. Becca Stanek
Anonymous promise 'Nightmare on Elite Street' for public figures accused of child sex abuse cover-up BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Masked protesters will march on the homes of alleged “elite” paedophiles and public figures they claim have been involved in the “nightmarish” cover-up of child sex abuse. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/anonymous-promise-nightmare-on-elite-street-for-public-figures-accused-of-child-sex-abuse-coverup-30990051.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25733694.ece/c0f67/AUTOCROP/h342/ANON
Email
Masked protesters will march on the homes of alleged “elite” paedophiles and public figures they claim have been involved in the “nightmarish” cover-up of child sex abuse.
In a video released on YouTube, Anonymous says it has exposed a club of people in positions of trust and responsibility that have been murdering and torturing children.
“Friday the 13th will see us become the nightmare on Elite Street,” the message says.
“Politicians, royals, media, religious figures, singers, actors, men and women; it seems that the long grotesque arm of this club has no bounds.
“You think you are safe. You think we will not directly interrupt your lives. You are wrong. You are the stuff of nightmares.”
“We are calling for an evening of action. On Friday 13th we will march to the homes of some of those involved in this nightmarish cover-up,” it added.
The network of masked campaigners have claimed that Operation Death Eaters will engage in a protest focusing on “elite paedophiles” in the hope of launching a victim-led independent inquiry into child abuse, rape, torture and murder.
Recent sex abuse allegations have led to the Met police's investigation into three alleged murder cases of young boys dating back to the 1970s and 1980s following the evidence of a witness known as Nick.
He claims the existence of a VIP Westminster paedophile ring allegedly involving high-profile politicians. Nick, a victim of childhood sexual abuse, says he was present at an “abuse party” where two boys were murdered. He said one was strangled by a Tory MP.
A member of Anonymous, who goes by the pseudonym Jake Davis, said that the activists are protesting to spread information rather than to cause chaos.
He told Sky News: “This isn't a situation where we are looking to create mayhem. It's about giving the public information so we can confront these problems that go back decades.
“The stories that are coming out are the torture and murder of children with our trusted politicians and that is unacceptable.”
However, concerns have been raised that the night of action could put children further at risk.
Former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection centre (CEOP), Jim Gamble, told Sky News: “It's fraught with so many difficulties.”
He welcomed any attempts to come forward to police with information to target paedophiles, he warned that working outside a framework could result in “reckless disclosure” that might “ruin lives”.
Justice Lowell Goddard is leading an inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, it was announced earlier this month.
The 66-year-old from New Zealand said she had no links to anyone that she would scrutinise during proceedings as she claims there is no such thing as an “establishment” in her country.
Dozens of masked members gathered outside the BBC offices in December to protest against DJ and alleged paedophile Jimmy Savile, who was said to have sexually assaulted and raped hundreds of children over 50 years.
Source: Independent
Further reading
Naomi Long: New hope for victims of Kincora
Operation DeathEaters: Anonymous calls for activists to help expose international paedophile networks
Russell Brand asks 'is the establishment riddled with paedophiles?' in the latest Trews YouTube video
Sex abuse inquiry: 'Victims receive death threats' after MPs publish their identities online
Thatcher stopped officials publicly naming Sir Peter Hayman as suspected paedophile
Westminster child abuse inquiry to hear Margaret Thatcher was presented 'allegations of unnatural sexual proclivities' after file found in National Archives
Child abuse inquiry: Three MPs and three peers named in paedophile dossier handed to Scotland Yard
Child abuse inquiry: Met Police investigate alleged murders of three young boys by VIP paedophile ring
Sex assault Tory MP visited Kincora boys' home, claim retired detectives
Case must be included in UK probe, says lawyer
Kincora: Amnesty welcomes move not to prosecute witnesses
Kincora: Let the inquiry chairman do his job
Kincora Boy's Home: Inquiry is a betrayal of the abused
MI5 officers 'won't give evidence' in Kincora sex abuse probe
Kincora probe detectives had to ask Ian Paisley if he was gay
Kincora: MP Keith Vaz backs call for east Belfast home to be included in UK-wide inquiry
Kincora: MI5 knew about it but did nothing, that much is certain
Full story of Kincora Boys' Home in east Belfast yet to be told, says child sex abuse victim
Kincora: Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt joins calls for inquiry into abuse at boys' home
Baroness's brother 'tried to limit probe into Kincora'
Kincora: MI5 'must hand over files on abuse at east Belfast boys' home'
Editor's viewpoint: We must know truth of Kincora
Child abuse inquiry must look at Kincora Boys' Home, says Amnesty International
MI5 'blocked exposure of Kincora sex abuse scandal'
Kincora Boy's Home scandal: South African intelligence 'secretly backed loyalist paramilitary group Tara'
Kincora Boys' Home scandal: journalist Peter McKenna dies
State papers: The perjury that allowed Kincora suspect preacher to walk
Westminster's dark secret: abuse of children, adultery, homosexuality and sadomasochism were all seemingly lumped together
Civil servant Mark Sedwill admits Home Office ‘probably' destroyed paedophile dossiers
Westminster child abuse dossier: Geoffrey Dickens also gave copy of file to top prosecutor Sir Thomas Hetherington - so why did DPP fail to act on evidence of paedophile ring?
Historic child abuse files missing
Tory peer Lord Brittan defends handling of 1980s sex abuse dossier
Abuse claims police matter - Clegg
Abuse probe 'into soul of society'
From the archives
Kincora: Sex racket at children's home (Irish Independent, 1980)
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Can war be avoided? Can the people of yet another British colony find a peaceful solution to their quest for true democracy, or will the Empire prevail? Find out in this gripping new game of political brinkmanship that embroiled Lower Canada in the 1830s.
The British Loyalists may have the backing of an Empire, but the people of Lower Canada are faithfully represented by charismatic Patriote leaders, who remain, to this day, some of the most influential figures in the history of the Quebec province.
As the Patriote player you must galvanize your constituents across the wide-open rural counties of Lower Canada, attempting to unify them to your cause, county by county, outwitting your opponent through clever political maneuvering and wrangling. But you must never neglect the urban centers of Montreal and Quebec, for without these essential poles your cause will be lost. You must also worry about holding troublemakers at bay as they seek to foment the people and call them to a hopeless uprising against the British army. Do your best to guide this colony into the future - peacefully or painfully.
As the Loyal player, representing a loose coalition benefiting from the system in place under the British Crown, you have a solid foothold in the two cities and it is from this base that you will launch your political campaign. The Patriotes will dominate the far-flung rural areas for a time, but you must use your financial edge and the threat of army retaliation to stymie self-rule and freedom. Let the seeds of violence slowly take root as you steer people towards the status quo and quench their thirst for a fairer political system.
Wedged between the American Revolution and the subsequent Revolutions of Europe (the Spring of Nations), the inhabitants of Lower Canada voiced their demands for greater power for elected officials and the recognition of the Canadians' rights. What started as an ideological conflict eventually turned to something much uglier, as hundreds died on improvised battlefields.
"Prelude to Rebellion" depicts this conflict of ideas in an exciting new card-driven game using key historical events of the 1830's to drive a rich and colorful narrative.
Game Components:
1 Mounted Map Board Depicting Lower Canada
147 Event Cards split into 4 decks
2 Player Mats for Special Actions
4 Custom Scoring Dice - 14mm with printed faces: RC = Rural Counties, EI = External influence, O = Organizations, UC = Urban Counties
100 Die-Cut Markers
275 Red and Green Cubes - placed on the board as a result of card-play, showing levels of support
STRETCH GOALS:
Goal #1 - $8,500 - Dice and Cube Bag
Goal #2 - $12,500 - BIGGER DICE - Increase the size of the 4 Custom Scoring Dice With Printed faces from 14mm to 16mm
Goal #3 - $17,000 - ENGRAVED DICE - Upgrade the 4 Custom Scoring Dice to include ENGRAVED 16mm faces
INTRODUCTORY VIDEO:
ADDITIONAL TUTORIAL VIDEOS
Tutorial #1 - Mobilization: https://youtu.be/ma5SjlgNMco
Tutorial #2 - Scoring: https://youtu.be/y8duX2gYsLw
Tutorial #3 - Key Rules: https://youtu.be/ULZ8KmAxLJU
Advancing into the next frontier in astrophysics and cosmology depends on our ability to detect the presence of a particular type of wave in space, a primordial gravitational wave. Much like ripples moving across a pond, these waves stretch the fabric of space itself as they pass by. If detected, these weak and elusive waves could provide an unprecedented view of the earliest moments of our universe.
In an article appearing in the May 21 issue of Science, Lawrence Krauss, ASU theoretical physicist and cosmologist, and researchers from the University of Chicago and Fermi National Laboratory explore the most likely detection method of these waves, with the examination of cosmic microwave radiation (CMB) standing out as the favored method.
During the past century, astronomy has been revolutionized by the use of new methods for observing the universe, but still today the origin of dark energy and dark matter is unknown. The answer to these and other mysteries may require us to probe back to the earliest moments of the Big Bang expansion. Questions of origins, such as "How did the Universe begin?" provoke fascination and are at the forefront of ASU's Origins Project, which Krauss directs.
"Before a period of 380,000 years after the Big Bang, the universe was opaque to electromagnetic radiation," said Krauss, a professor in ASU's School of Earth and Space Exploration and the physics department in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. "So, to explore earlier times we need to search for other observables outside of the electromagnetic spectrum. Gravitational waves interact very weakly with matter and so gravitational waves produced near the very beginning of time can make their way unimpeded to us today, providing a potentially new probe of early universe cosmology."
In 1916, Albert Einstein predicted the existence of gravitational waves. Based on his theory of general relativity, objects cause the space around them to curve. When large masses move through space, a disturbance is generated in the form of gravitational waves, but because of the weakness of gravity, astronomical amounts of matter must be moved around to generate waves on a scale that might actually be detectable.
"Imagine floating in space far away from Earth alongside two mirrors many miles apart," Krauss said. "If a gravitational wave were propagating through space, you would see the distance between the two objects increase and then decrease rhythmically as the wave passes, perhaps by an almost imperceptible amount. As these waves propagate throughout the universe they may continue to diminish in strength, but they would never stop nor slow down since they move through matter essentially unimpeded."
"Primordial Gravitational Waves and Cosmology" was written by Krauss; Scott Dodelson, Fermi National Laboratory and University of Chicago; and Stephan Meyer, University of Chicago. In their Science review, they have determined there to be two major sources of gravitational waves: The inflation immediately after the Big Bang, and the possible phase transitions at early times. Other present-day sources may include colliding black holes or two huge stars orbiting each other.
Although these space-time ripples are imperceptible to humans, highly sensitive detectors and experiments such as the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO), located in Livingston, La., are being designed to look for precisely such waves. Gravitational radiation from the early universe can be detected indirectly through its effect on the polarization of the CMB radiation (relic radiation from the Big Bang which permeates all space). However, the current generation of direct gravitational wave detectors, LIGO included, does not have sufficient sensitivity to probe for the signals of possible primordial gravitational waves.
"The greatest sensitivity to a primordial gravitational wave comes from the distinctive detailed pattern of polarization in the CMB," Krauss said. "If gravitational waves produced by either inflation or phase transitions existed when cosmic microwave background radiation was created, they would be imprinted on the CMB and be detected as polarization."
As challenging as it is to detect, the technology to build sufficiently sensitive experiments is in hand -- and well worth the effort, according to Krauss.
"As we enter the second decade of the 21st century, we are poised to enter a new realm of precision cosmology, one that could provide a dramatic new window on the early universe and the physical processes that governed its origin and evolution," Krauss said. "The European Space Agency's Planck satellite was designed to image the CMB over the whole sky, with unprecedented sensitivity and angular resolution, and will provide new data on polarization within the next three to four years and with that we hope for direct observations of waves from the beginning of time."
On the occasion of the Free Culture Forum in Barcelona, La Quadrature du Net releases three films to inform citizens and urge them to take action against ACTA, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement.
ACTA is a threat to Internet users' fundamental freedoms and to EU Internet companies' competitiveness and free competition. The European Parliament will soon decide whether to give its consent to ACTA, or to reject it once and for all.
Every citizen can help defeat ACTA by spreading this video across the Internet, urging their fellow citizens to mobilize, and contacting their elected representatives.
Learn more about this dangerous agreement at http://lqdn.fr/acta.
Many thanks to Benoît Musereau for directing these films.
For how to act against ACTA, right now, please refer to our wiki.
You can add this video to your website, just copy/paste the following HTML snippet :
<iframe src="http://mediakit.laquadrature.net/embed/716?size=medium" style="width: 650px; height: 500px; border: 0; overflow: hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"></iframe>
You can also see share this video on YouTube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=citzRjwk-sQ
and Dailymotion : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xlz8g0_say-no-to-acta_news
NO to ACTA (Threat to the Internet edit.)
We also prepared a version focusing on ACTA's threats to fundamental liberties online:
You can add this video to your website, just copy/paste the following HTML snippet :
<iframe src="http://mediakit.laquadrature.net/embed/717?size=medium" style="width: 650px; height: 500px; border: 0; overflow: hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"></iframe>
You can also see share this video on YouTube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My4c82IxM94
and Dailymotion : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xlz8gq_say-no-to-acta-internet_news
NO to ACTA (Patents threats to access to medicine and seeds edit.)
We also prepared a version focusing on agriculture and the right to food
You can add this video to your website, just copy/paste the following HTML snippet :
<iframe src="http://mediakit.laquadrature.net/embed/718?size=medium" style="width: 640px; height: 500px; border: 0; overflow: hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"></iframe>
You can also see share this video on YouTube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xewEFJ6y_Q
and Dailymotion : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xlz8h6_say-no-to-acta-patents_news
JASPER, Alta. • The smell of crude oil lingers as Rob Scott eases his pickup truck into a pump station and stops next to a tangle of white pipelines and valves jutting from the ground.
[np_storybar title=”Keystone delays mean increase in dirtier rail transport: TransCanada” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2013/03/14/keystone-xl-delays-mean-increase-in-dirtier-rail-transport-transcanada/?__lsa=f862-08a5″%5DA TransCanada Corp. executive says opponents to the Keystone XL pipeline should consider one consequence of delays in building the oil pipeline — an increase in dirtier and more dangerous rail transport.
Continue reading.[/np_storybar]
On the eastern edge of Jasper National Park in Hinton, Alta., the aroma serves as a pungent reminder of the hidden pipeline network that cuts through the surrounding evergreen forest here, under glacier-fed rivers, around wetlands and over two mountain ranges en route to Canada's West Coast.
The pump station, located about 300 kilometres west of Edmonton, offers a final glimpse of a 36-inch jumbo pipeline — the same diameter as TransCanada Corp.'s controversial Keystone XL project — that passes unseen through Jasper, a UNESCO World Heritage site, and Mount Robson Provincial Park to Rearguard, B.C. Built over a two-year window beginning in 2006, the so-called Anchor Loop is now the linchpin of a $5.4-billion expansion proposed by Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. to its half-century-old Trans Mountain pipeline system, Canada's lone oil outlet to the Pacific.
“Most people don't even know there's a pipeline there,” said Mr. Scott, an operations liaison with Kinder Morgan, pointing out of his truck window to a grassy ditch beside the highway. “In fact, when we were originally looking to expand, lots of people didn't even realize there was an existing pipeline running through the park to the coast.”
Houston-based Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP wants to increase capacity on the Edmonton-to-Vancouver oil pipeline to 890,000 barrels per day, from 300,000 barrels today.
Much of the work through Jasper, save for spot digs and pressure tests to ensure the existing 24-inch pipeline is not damaged, is done, thanks to a $527-million expansion completed in 2008 that boosted capacity on the system by 40,000 barrels a day but left room for additional growth in incremental phases.
That gives Kinder Morgan “a huge advantage” over Enbridge Inc.'s rival Northern Gateway project, Lanny Pendill, a senior energy analyst at Edward Jones & Co., said in a telephone interview from St. Louis.
The $6.6-billion Gateway scheme, which would carry up to 525,000 barrels a day to a new marine terminal proposed for Kitimat, B.C., must forge a new path across two mountain ranges and hundreds of rivers farther north.
“If you've already got the right-of-way, right off the bat you've got less impact on the environment versus trying to cut a new route from Alberta all the way to the West Coast,” Mr. Pendill said.
“So it is absolutely helpful, but you're still going to have, in my view, some pretty tremendous environmental opposition, simply because you are carrying more crude through a very pristine environment, and then you are talking about additional tanker traffic” on the coast.
A detailed facilities application for the Kinder Morgan expansion has yet to be filed with Canada's National Energy Board.
But the supersized pipeline is in high demand to transport growing volumes of Alberta's oil sands and related products to markets in California and Asia — away from the U.S. Midwest, which has been overrun by a fountain of tight oil unleashed from North Dakota's Bakken formation and others like it.
Thirteen oil sands companies, including Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., Canadian Oil Sands Ltd., Cenovus Energy Inc., Imperial Oil Ltd., Suncor Energy Marketing Inc. and China's Cnooc Ltd. (via its purchase of Nexen Inc.), have signed 15- or 20-year transportation agreements for capacity on the line, expected to be in service by 2017.
You're still going to have some pretty tremendous environmental opposition, simply because you are carrying more crude through a very pristine environment
In all, Kinder Morgan says it has secured shipping commitments for 708,000 barrels per day of production. Another 180,000 barrels is set aside for spot market sales, according to a project fact sheet.
Whether the company can mollify critics, environmental groups and municipal leaders concerned about the impact of such an expansion — from competing land uses in the densely populated B.C. Lower Mainland to increased tanker traffic in Vancouver's Burrard Inlet — is an open question.
In interviews, company executives highlighted the Anchor Loop expansion through Jasper as a model for development that could apply elsewhere on the route. The Trans Mountain system owes its current configuration to piecemeal expansions completed since it was first commissioned in 1953.
From Edmonton, the existing 24-inch pipeline cuts a swath 18 metres wide through sparsely populated west-central Alberta to the industrial town of Edson. The right-of-way then doubles in size for about eight km to accommodate a 30-inch diameter pipeline that parallels its 1950s-era twin, before eventually yielding to the 36-inch jumbo oil pipe at Hinton.
By the time it reaches Jasper, a town of about 4,000, the route has shrunk to a path no wider than seven metres, suitable at some points for cross-country skiers, Mr. Scott said.
More than half of it, or 56%, follows the existing right-of-way carved from the forest in the 1950s to make way for the original pipeline, which today lies dormant in the park but would be reactivated under current expansion plans.
According to Calgary-based Tera Environmental Consultants, which led environmental assessments of the 2006 expansion, all but 1% of the rest abuts the highway, roads, power lines and abandoned railway grades in the park — an approach Kinder Morgan officials said could also be used in the Lower Mainland to allay routing concerns.
“Linear disturbances have a pretty negative impact generally speaking on wildlife corridors,” said Éric Hébert-Daly, national executive director of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society.
But rights to expand in the park, in a sign of the legal advantages that underpin the current proposal to more than double capacity on the rest of the pipeline, were grandfathered into the order-in-council approving the original construction in 1951, he added.
“The twinning was kind of a fait accompli going in,” he said, referring to the 2006 approval. “It's not like the creation of a new pipeline or new linear disturbances altogether, so that makes a big difference to us.”
The pipeline's footprint through Jasper is also an example of the commercial advantage Suncor Energy Inc. alleges Kinder Morgan is wielding over captive shippers seeking alternative markets from the West Coast.
Suncor, in filings with the NEB, has argued the Houston-based pipeline company is using its status as the only Pacific outlet for Alberta's landlocked crude to raise shipping fees on the expanded system. A ruling on the project's proposed tolls is expected by June.
Kinder Morgan disputes the claim, putting the company in the unusual position of extolling the commercial and environmental benefits of an existing asset while also highlighting the challenges of laying fresh pipe through the Fraser Valley and B.C.'s Lower Mainland to justify a projected return-on-equity described by Suncor as “excessive.”
“There are lots of different concerns along the pipeline. When we built it in 1952-53, you go through places [and] it was just bush. And now there are subdivisions,” said Mr. Scott, the operations liaison in Jasper. “I think it will help us in that the way it was done through the park is the way we want to do it again.”
This is the first in a three-part series.
"Collecting metadata is technically complicated and expensive, and based on other countries' experience it cannot help in effectively fighting crime," he said.
When Wangle began building its $4.99 per month VPN after it reverse-listed on the ASX in 2015, it had no intention of ever letting the Government or Federal Police rifle through the metadata of customers, as such agencies can now apply to courts to do.
"We'd built our VPN to be like Fort Knox, then nine months ago the regulator came knocking," said Mr Smith.
The Australian Communications & Media Authority had deemed the VPN that Wangle had just put into the app stores to be a 'carrier' of data for the purpose of the Telecommunication Act, so as an Australian company it would have to obey the amendments which had passed Parliament in 2015 and allow that data to be interrogated.
Wangle CEO Sean Smith: ACMA-compliant, and content Supplied
Wangle's VPN faced a complete re-engineering, its share price fell from 5 cents back to the 2 cents it had started on, and the staff who had been stretching its $4.3 million raising for two years without revenue had to stretch some more.
Starting over again was harder for Wangle than it would be for most VPNs, which are built on two major open-source platforms, OpenVPN or OpenSSL. Wangle's was built from the ground up using patented "network optimisation" technology, allowing it to attain a speed which independent testing from PwC claimed to have found up to twice as fast as OpenVPN.
The "interrogation" of the data now allowed by the ACMA-enforced rebuild of Wangle's VPN would allow it to become even faster, said Mr Smith, thanks to better understanding of network traffic in real time.
Advertisement
He stressed that the data of users would not be freely available to outside agencies.
"The data is secured, encrypted and anonymised. The keys that link it to people are in a separate database that the Goverment has to go through the courts to get, so it's not open slather," Mr Smith said.
However the Wangle VPN's ACMA compliance meant it would probably not appeal to those attracted to the "dark side" of VPNs, said Mr Smith.
"The guys who want to use a VPN to spoof their location, grab content they shouldn't have, or hack, we're not interested in them. And if Netflix US came to us and said traffic from your IP range was flooding into our servers, we'd follow it up and disconnect repeat offenders," he said.
Wangle's market would be for "good VPN users", Mr Smith said, such as individuals wanting a way to access wi-fi free from hacker threats, and corporates providing remote staff a secure way to access their intranet.
He added that Wangle would never inject malware or 'malvertising' - software designed to damage or gain access to a users' information - as a recent CSIRO study of 283 offshore VPNs found 38 per cent had done.
A new net nanny
Potential new sources of revenue had been opened by the ability to intercept encrypted data, he added. Wangle has formed a partnership with Perth's Telethon Kid's Institute to develop a web monitoring tool for parents, using algorithms to pick up "troubling" network activity.
Advertisement
"For instance a sure sign of cyberbullying is a huge drop off in traffic to certain social media sites. We can tell if someone's been hiding a phone in bed and using it all night, which can be a red flag for predatory behaviour," Mr Smith explained.
The tool, to be called Wangle Family Insites, worked better than content-blocking solutions for parents, as they tended to only work on the home network, and teenage internet use was now mainly mobile, Mr Smith said.
"The alternative today is spyware, which erodes trust, and kids still find a way around it."
Wangle's product for parents interrogated only the metadata generated by children, and never made available the content they were seeing itself, Mr Smith added.
Attorney General Ken Paxton issued an amicus brief Wednesday expressing his support of President Donald Trump's travel ban, effectively becoming the first state attorney general to back the controversial executive order.
Under the executive order, travelers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Yemen, Sudan, Somalia and Libya are barred from entering the United States for the next 90 days. Last month, the ban immediately created chaotic scenes in major airports across the country, where refugees in transit were detained.
“The law makes it very clear that the president has discretion to protect the safety of the American people and our nation's institutions with respect to who can come into this country,” Paxton said in a news release. “The safety of the American people and the security of our country are President Trump's major responsibilities under the law.”
Last week, a three judge panel from the 9th Circuit Court upheld a temporary restraining order that blocked parts of the order. In his brief, Paxton said the "president's immigration order is a lawful exercise of congressionally delegated executive power over foreign affairs and national security."
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
To view the brief, click here.
Read related coverage:
Most Texas Republicans in Congress backed Trump's travel ban, while Democrats viscerally opposed it, according to a Texas Tribune survey of the Texas delegation.
Trump's executive order banning travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries led to the detainment of several travelers at Texas airports.
Image copyright AP Image caption Opinion polls suggested the result was too close to call
Danes have rejected adopting EU rules on cross-border policing in a referendum that could have seen the country take closer ties with the bloc, according to final results.
Denmark's centre-right government had wanted to abandon some Danish opt-outs from EU home affairs legislation.
But with all votes now counted, more than 53% said No to the proposals.
The vote comes weeks after the Paris attacks and as Europe struggles to deal with record numbers of migrants.
"It is a clear no," Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said, adding he had "full respect" for the voters' decision.
Profile: Denmark's anti-EU party
The government, backed by the opposition, had campaigned for Yes, saying it would help Danish authorities in the wake of the Paris attacks.
Analysis: Gavin Lee, BBC News Copenhagen
Ultimately, voting No means Denmark remains exempt from large parts of the EU's criminal justice and home affairs system, a position it negotiated in 1993.
It risks losing access to Europol, Europe's crime and intelligence-sharing agency, a service frequently used by Denmark.
The confusing wording of the referendum question seems to have been a factor.
One voter described it as "the most baffling in the history of the EU", and on the foggy, wet streets of Copenhagen, that sentiment seemed to be shared by voters as they left polling stations, saying the question was too complicated and technical, and that explanations from politicians were not comprehensive.
For Denmark's government, urgent talks will now take place between Copenhagen and Brussels, to work out the ramifications of what the No vote means.
The result is likely to have been monitored by British politicians, interested to see with the upcoming UK referendum battle about to play out, how the gut instinct of the voters can be tied to current European events, and how the particular phrasing of the question can discourage or influence how tied-in to the European project Britons want to be.
Read more from Gavin
Several of the Paris attackers were French nationals who had been living in neighbouring Belgium. At least one surviving gunman, Salah Abdeslam, is thought to have fled across the French border in the aftermath of the shootings and suicide blasts in Paris on 13 November.
The result means Denmark will have to negotiate a special agreement to stay inside Europol, the EU's law enforcement agency which tackles organised crime and terrorism.
"We will work very hard for the Danes to get the best possible agreement. But it will be difficult," Soren Gade of the governing Venstre party told the Ritzau news agency.
Immigration concerns
The anti-immigration Danish People's Party (DPP), which props up Mr Rasmussen's administration in parliament, had urged voters to say No to avoid giving away further sovereignty to Brussels.
Although a Yes vote would not have affected Denmark's opt-out on immigration, the DPP argued that it could eventually have led to immigration policies being dictated by the EU.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption PM Lars Lokke Rasmussen had campaigned for a Yes vote
Image copyright AP Image caption But the Danish People"s Party, led by Kristian Thulesen Dahl, warned it would hand too much power to Brussels
Unlike Denmark, the UK and Ireland have opt-ins on justice and home affairs legislation, which enable them to choose whether to accept or reject legislation on a case-by-case basis.
The result of the referendum is likely to be of interest in Britain, whose government is trying to renegotiate its relations with the EU before holding a vote on whether to remain in the bloc.
EDIT 04/01/16 - Before you get your teeth into this article I can now verify I've seen a Technical Directive issued by Charlie Whiting that rules out the concept. (Although it's still worth a read as it not only explains my thoughts behind this concept but also the previous use of DRD and the F-Duct)
It's about that time when changes to the regulations cause us to have a good old look at what might now be possible. The implementation of wastegate exhausts has got us all wondering what advantage the teams can possibly glean. Unfortunately their positioning along the cars centreline rules out any edge of floor/diffuser blowing tomfoolery. However, how they're used along the centreline could yield some interesting applications in any case
Before we get going, make sure you're sitting comfortably and have a drink as this is going to be a long one. Let's start with a little history lesson.... (If you want to cut to the chase and/or don't need the history lesson skip to the end of the article where I've added a brief version of the Active-DRD concept) EDIT 04/01/16 - Before you get your teeth into this article I can now verify I've seen a Technical Directive issued by Charlie Whiting that rules out the concept. (Although it's still worth a read as it not only explains my thoughts behind this concept but also the previous use of DRD and the F-Duct)It's about that time when changes to the regulations cause us to have a good old look at what might now be possible. The implementation of wastegate exhausts has got us all wondering what advantage the teams can possibly glean. Unfortunately their positioning along the cars centreline rules out any edge of floor/diffuser blowing tomfoolery. However, how they're used along the centreline could yield some interesting applications in any caseBefore we get going, make sure you're sitting comfortably and have a drink as this is going to be a long one. Let's start with a little history lesson.... (If you want to cut to the chase and/or don't need the history lesson skip to the end of the article where I've added a brief version of the Active-DRD concept)
Back in 2010 McLaren arrived to pre-season testing with what they code named the RW80, but was latterly dubbed the F-Duct by the mainstream media.
McLaren's blown rear wing concept was known in-house as the RW80 but when the media noted the chassis duct had the 'F' from Vodafone emblazoned on it, it became known as the F-Duct.
The shark fin engine cover connected the pipework to the upper flap The flaps were hollow, allowing the airflow ducted to them to pass air through slots on their rear face The slots on the rear face of the wing were placed differently depending on how the team wanted the wing to 'stall' Under normal conditions airflow passing through the airbox duct would pass down through the engine cover outlet. In order that the wing 'stalled' / drag reduction took place the driver would place his hand/knee (dependent on the car) over a hole in the cockpit, which in-turn created a switching effect at the junction (fluidic switch) causing the airflow to pass down the pipework to the rear wing through the slots on the rear wing, interrupting the normal flow pattern and 'stalling' the wing.
Here's an overview of how the F-Duct system worked. When not in operation air flowed through the duct astride the cockpit and into the cockpit via the aperture, the pipework at the junction was shaped that when inactive the airflow from the airbox passes down through the neutral feed. When activated by the driver (places his hand/knee/leg over the cockpit aperture) the airflow moves down toward the junction and the airflow switches, to supplying the rear wing. NB Green denotes active airflow, whilst Yellow denotes no supply. The system, whatever you choose to call it, had a scoop mounted on the upper surface of the chassis, with ductwork passing through the monocoque to the rear of the car. Meanwhile the air box was divided, with some pipe work responsible for the usual task of intake air and cooling whilst the another made its way toward a junction. This junction split, with pipework feeding both the rear wing and the outlet just above the beam wing. This was made possible by the connecting engine cover and slots placed on the rear face of either the mainplane or top flap (each team chose differently dependent on how they wanted to stall the rear wing).Under normal conditions airflow passing through the airbox duct would pass down through the engine cover outlet. In order that the wing 'stalled' / drag reduction took place the driver would place his hand/knee (dependent on the car) over a hole in the cockpit, which in-turn created a switching effect at the junction (fluidic switch) causing the airflow to pass down the pipework to the rear wing through the slots on the rear wing, interrupting the normal flow pattern and 'stalling' the wing.
Outlawed by the FIA in 2011 owing to the danger of driver interaction it was replaced by DRS (Drag Reduction System), which was initially, during qualifying, unlimited in its use, whilst in race conditions it can only be used in 'activation' zones and only when a driver is 1 second behind the one he trails at the detection point. It's use has been somewhat diluted since its introduction in my opinion, with the length of zones increased/decreased throughout race weekends in the past in order to facilitate better racing. This often led to teams carrying numerous flap sizes and having to test their vMax in order to decide which way to go for qualifying and the race. With the zones rigid in their length throughout race weekends it has become somewhat of a formality that the chasing car will overtake and is now moreover a tool to return the drivers to their status quo dependent on the tyre wear, rather than a tool to create overtaking opportunities.
In 2012 Lotus looked into another option to reduce drag, which they simply dubbed the 'device', I decided to call it DRD (Drag Reduction Device) as the mainstream media (Sky and the BBC) had begun confusing fans by calling it Double DRS (DDRS), an acronym already in use with Mercedes employing a drag reducing device that used DRS to 'stall' the front wing.
The Lotus drag reduction device seen implemented on the E20 here with flo-viz applied. You'll note the flow separation in the centre of the wing caused by airflow being blown laterally out of the slots in the pylon
DRD was tested repeatedly by Lotus throughout 2012 and others joined them, with Mercedes, Sauber and Red Bull all trialling their own versions (albeit I was never really convinced that Red Bull were doing the same thing). However, it never really reached its potential and featured in just one race, when Kimi Raikkonen gave it an outing at Silverstone. The problem with DRD was it was passive, unlike the RW80/F duct it relied solely on air speed to create the switch, which made it difficult to tune. The problem was speed, set the threshold too low and it would create an imbalance during cornering, too high and its effect was nullified by the additional weight and complexity of the components.
So, come on Matt, why are you dragging all this up again?..
Well, if we take a mixture of both the RW80 switchable concept and DRD blown pylon it is entirely plausible the introduction of wastegate exhausts may have inadvertently reopened the door to the blown wing. There are undoubtedly several ways in which this could work (trust me I've drawn several), but I've chosen perhaps the easiest to explain in order that we get the idea out on the table.
Firstly let's talk about the wastegates function, which is to relieve boost from the turbine when it exceeds the requirement. F1 Powerunits have electronically controlled wastegates, of which the ECU are in command of and can specify changes based on differing parameters. Therefore it is entirely plausible that you could utilize a low speed wastegate and high speed wastegate, with the low speed wastegate opened up until a given rpm or a steering wheel override command is deployed by the driver. Furthermore, as the Turbo is supplemented by the MGU-H whilst the wastegate is in operation you can still keep the turbo in the optimum operational window.
Getty Images
Ray Lewis's oldest son, Ray Lewis III, will be a freshman on the football team at Miami in the fall. But because of his famous name, he's already accustomed to having a spotlight on him. And that spotlight isn't always comfortable.
Local 6 in Orlando has profiled Tatyana McCall, the mother of Ray Lewis III and two of Ray Lewis's five other children, and in the profile McCall talks about how she has to talk to her son about the 2000 incident that left two people stabbed to death and resulted in Ray Lewis pleading guilty to obstruction of justice after first being charged with murder.
McCall described the scene at her house after the AFC Championship Game, when Ray Lewis III got a message on Twitter referring to his dad as a murderer.
“We're all celebrating and Ray-Ray casually walks into the kitchen and shows me a tweet on his cell phone,” McCall said. “Someone tweeted to him, ‘How does it feel to have a father who's a murderer?' So Ray Ray said, ‘So what should I say?' And I said, ‘What do you think you should say? Is your father a murderer?'”
This appears to be the exchange McCall is referring to: Ray Lewis III got a message saying, “how does it feel to have a dad who killed someone,” Lewis replied by tweeting, “I feel like a boss,” and the person who sent the tweet responded, “dude that's pretty sad. Grow up.”
McCall defends Lewis, saying, “He's got a past. So what?” But for their oldest son, that past can lead to some uncomfortable questions.
Last year my family and I experienced a serious financial hardship. We had to foreclose on the home we had lived in for twenty years, our dog of fourteen years had passed away and we had absolutely no money to spend on anything extra. Our spirits were low and the Christmas season didn't seem to matter. We sold all of our Christmas decorations in a yard sale, so Christmas wasn't going to happen (and the tree wouldn't have fit in our new apartment anyways.) I was embarrassed when people would ask anything about Christmas and I had a hard time facing all of my friends and family members that I normally bought gifts for. A few friends knew what was going on and reached out to help. Before I knew it a small pre-lit tree was left on our doorstep. And that one act of kindness gave me an idea. My birthday happens to be two days before Christmas so I had received some extra money. I went out got some food and a couple of gifts for my mother. She had the hardest time with it; every year she was able to buy great gifts and this was the first time she couldn't afford to buy anyone anything. So when Christmas day came and when she saw her gifts she was overtaken with emotion. It was then I realized that it truly is the small things that make holidays memorable. Most people probably can't remember half the gifts they received last Christmas.
Guest post by Peter Greene.
A recent recurring refrain around and about the comments sections is the notion that the Common Core standards are, in and of themselves, quite fine, and if we could just uncouple them from the testing and implementation regimens, all will be well. The standards themselves are an improvement so let's build on that opportunity, and not stand in the way of fine new standards just because their ugly testing step-cousin is trying to sneak through the door with them.
The Common Core standards could really work - we just need to get rid of the high stakes tests...
I can remember thinking like that. I can remember looking at the standards and thinking, "Many of these are actually fine." (I should note that I teach at the high school level, not elementary.) In fact, one of my earliest complaints about the CCSS was that they were one more example of folks telling us to do things that we already did. And I don't think there's a teacher alive who wouldn't relish the promise of freedom to pursue the standards in any way they deemed best.
"You know," I thought at one point. "If it were possible to just use these standards as a rough guide to follow as a thought best, and we got the government to stop testing, I could live with this."
And that was the moment when I knew that, no, the Common Core standards were not pure of heart and I would never learn to love them.
Because what would decoupling look like, after all? What incantation would exorcise the testing demons? Would teachers go to government and say, "Thank you for these guidelines. Trust us-- we will use our best professional judgment and produce the best-educated generation of students ever. Just step back and watch us work." No, that would never work, and it would never work because the CCSS are not for us. They never were.
People who like the standards are looking at them as a guide, as that helpful assurance that teachers sometimes like that we are on the right page. We like standards. We like standards like drivers like white lines. And we think of standards as a map, a tool to help us find our way. To us standards say, "Here's a map. We trust you to find your way."
Not the Common Core. The primary purpose of the CCSS is to call teachers out. It says, "Here's what you are supposed to be doing, or else. And we'll be checking up on you every step of the way." It is not a tool to be used by teachers; it's a tool to be used on them.
The Common Core standards say, "Here's what you must prove you're accomplishing." If you tell your students that you expect them to study and learn the chapter about Torquemada and 15th Century Spain, they know there's a test coming. Everyone expects the Spanish Inquisition. The CCSS are not about helping us teach; they are about holding us accountable, so they are meaningless without testing (and some parts are meaningless with it).
Since they were designed to hold teachers accountable, they were designed to be tested. Let's look at the reading literature strand for 11-12 grade. RL.11-12.1, 2 and 3 deals with key ideas and detail, and all three standards have one thing in common--they focus always and only on the text. RL.11-12.3 tells us to analyze the impact of the author's choices, but not the intent or context of them. So a CCSS-style study of The Sun Also Rises would not include the impact of the Great War on Hemingway's generation, Hemingway's own background, the rise of post-modernism, or the emerging literary techniques of the period. Nor would we look at how prevalent themes of the generation find expression in the novel.
We would study The Awakening without applying an understanding of women's roles in the fin de siècle American South. We would study the impact of sarcasm on "A Modest Proposal" without studying what prompted Swift to write it. We would study The Bell Jar without ever considering the life of Sylvia Plath. And Animal Farm would be a curious fairy tale about talking animals.
Why would we strip all this literature of its richness, depth and complexity, the very human qualities that make it worth reading in the first place? Because measuring students' grasp of such ideas would be hard. Because the standardized test would not be standardized, because we could not control for the depth and breadth of background information that individual students brought to the table. Because the only serious answers to the only important questions would have to be in the form of essays instead of bubbles. And real essays (not the standardized faux essays) are not cost-effective to score.
We cannot ask a student to explain how he understands Hemmingway's novel as an expression of a generation's confusion and alienation after World War I. But we can ask him to read a paragraph from the novel and pick the most important sentence in it.
These are not standards designed to foster a richer and deeper understanding of literature. They are designed to produce easily testable results.
You may reply, "Well, you can teach all that other nifty stuff if you want. Go ahead and enrich your lessons above and beyond the CCSS."
Well, if I am enriching above and beyond the CCSS, what do I need the CCSS for? If the CCSS is not laying out a path for a full quality education, what path is it marking?
It's laying out the path for the test. The Common Core standards are just the largest-scale test-prep guide ever created. The CCSS tell us what we need to cover for the test, and the test tells us how well we covered it. If there were no tests, the CCSS would not matter.
The CCSS are also, of course, about making money. NCLB also wanted to bust into the big piggy bank that is public school funding, but NCLB was a big blunt hammer; CCSS is a more sophisticated machine, with many interlocking parts.
But the biggest-- the hugest, in my opinion-- reason that Common Core standards cannot be rescued is reflected in the difficulty all of us who write about education these days, and it is probably the biggest lesson that the powers that be learned from NCLB.
The biggest mistake in NCLB is that they gave the whole thing a name. The testing, the state standards, the punishing evaluations, the funding pressures-- everything was gathered under the No Child Left Behind banner. Oh, how we loathed it. We called it funny mocking names. But even when we couldn't see the full picture, we knew its name. We knew its name.
This thing that's happening now? The contempt for teachers, the drive to privatize, the evaluation-based punishment, the dismantling of our profession, the destruction of public education, the redirection of billions of tax dollars, the secrecy, the ill-conceived standards-- we can see all its pieces, but the great chewing mechanism does not have a name. The lack of shorthand title for the great galumphing monstrosity allows its creators, our leaders, to pretend that all these are separate elements, when in fact, they are all one well-coordinated machine.
If these are all separate and discrete pieces, they cannot be parts of a giant machine chewing apart the entire American institution of schooling. And this leads to the belief that some of these separate pieces can be rescued -- that we can accept some and leave the rest behind.
The Common Core standards are part of a coordinated interlocking machine, and its creators will never let you take only a piece of it home. The testing regimen is not its own separate thing that can be just thrown out any more than it was its own thing when it was the engine of NCLB. If you want only one cog, you can't extract it from the machine.
What do you think? Was the Common Core written as a map for test-makers and a tool for those seeking to hold teachers accountable? Does this make it impossible to rescue from these purposes?
Peter Greene has taught English for more than thirty years in Northwestern Pennsylvania. He also writes a weekly newspaper column, and plays in a 157 year old town band. His blog is Curmudgucation.
Earlier this year, we revealed details on Chuck's 2015 book, which would actually be a new collection of short stories called Make Something Up. Today, Doubleday feeds us some new details!
Doubleday announced today that Chuck Palahniuk's first short story collection, MAKE SOMETHING UP: Stories You Can't Unread, will be published on April 7, 2015, in conjunction with the release of the 10-issue FIGHT CLUB 2 graphic novel series by Dark Horse Comics.
A compilation of 21 stories and 1 novella (some previously published, some not), MAKE SOMETHING UP will both disturb and delight. Fans will be excited to know that the story "Excursion" is a precursor to FIGHT CLUB and will show Tyler Durden as you've never seen him before.
In MAKE SOMETHING UP, both the absurdity of both life and death are on full display; in "Zombies," the best and brightest of a high school prep school become tragically addicted to the latest drug craze: electric shocks from cardiac defibrillators. In "Knock, Knock," a son hopes to tell one last off-color joke to a father in his final moments, while in "Tunnel of Love," a massage therapist runs the curious practice of providing 'relief' to dying clients. Funny, caustic, bizarre, poignant; these stories represent everything readers have come to love and expect from Chuck Palahniuk.
The stories over the weekend were bad enough – the Associated Press, with a long history of suing over quotations from their articles, went after Drudge Retort for having the audacity to link to their stories along with short quotations via reader submissions. Drudge Retort is doing nothing different than what Digg, TechMeme, Mixx and dozens of other sites do, and frankly the fact that they are being linked to should be considered a favor.
After heavy criticism over the last few days, the A.P. is in damage control mode, says the NYTimes, and retreating from their earlier position. But from what I read, they're just pushing their case further.
They do not want people quoting their stories, despite the fact that such activity very clearly falls within the fair use exception to copyright law. They claim that the activity is an infringement.
A.P. vice president Jim Kennedy says they will issue guidelines telling bloggers what is acceptable and what isn't, over and above what the law says is acceptable. They will “attempt to define clear standards as to how much of its articles and broadcasts bloggers and Web sites can excerpt without infringing on The A.P.'s copyright.”
Those that disregard the guidelines risk being sued by the A.P., despite the fact that such use may fall under the concept of fair use.
The A.P. doesn't get to make it's own rules around how its content is used, if those rules are stricter than the law allows. So even thought they say they are making these new guidelines in the spirit of cooperation, it's clear that, like the RIAA and MPAA, they are trying to claw their way to a set of property rights that don't exist today and that they are not legally entitled to. And like the RIAA and MPAA, this is done to protect a dying business model – paid content.
So here's our new policy on A.P. stories: they don't exist. We don't see them, we don't quote them, we don't link to them. They're banned until they abandon this new strategy, and I encourage others to do the same until they back down from these ridiculous attempts to stop the spread of information around the Internet.
Trigger Warning: This post contains many depictions and images of violence against people because of their identities.
Roughly two days ago, the entire world was stunned at the annoucement that Donald J. Trump would be the next President of the United States. His campaign was fueled, at the grassroots level, by animosity toward those he deemed “others”. His rhetoric was not merely divisive, it was also vitriolic. It motivated many violent crimes toward those that he cast outside the label of “American.”
Those who opposed Trump deeply feared that his victory would motivate even more hate against Americans. After only a single day, that appears to indeed be the case.
Below are the stories of those who have been assaulted or harassed by people who now believe that only some colors and creeds get to be American citizens. It is ugly. It is scary. It is very painful.
When people condescendingly tell you that it “will be okay” and to “not worry” — show them this. There are a lot of reasons to worry for our beautiful, diverse nation.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
These stories are heartbreaking. The values of our nation are under siege, but that does not mean hope is lost. Democracy is about more than just showing up on Election Day. It is about standing up, speaking out, and defending the minority against the majority.
America is made great not by our leader, but by Americans. Often, the best eras in our country follow our darkest chapters.
Update: While we give benefit of the doubt to victims and survivors, we are also responsive to new information. Submit any corrections to Trending@ThoughtCatalog.com
Update 2: #1 was not verified by Walmart, while police say they have not been able to get in contact with the victim in the case of #4.
Anyone following her updates online could see that Mandy Wilson had been having a terrible few years. She was diagnosed with leukaemia at 37, shortly after her husband abandoned her to bring up their five-year-old daughter and baby son on her own. Chemotherapy damaged her immune system, liver and heart so badly she eventually had a stroke and went into a coma. She spent weeks recovering in intensive care where nurses treated her roughly, leaving her covered in bruises.
Mandy was frightened and vulnerable, but she wasn't alone. As she suffered at home in Australia, women offered their support throughout America, Britain, New Zealand and Canada. She'd been posting on a website called Connected Moms, a paid online community for mothers, and its members were following every detail of her progress – through updates posted by Mandy herself, and also by Gemma, Sophie, Pete and Janet, Mandy's real-life friends, who'd pass on news whenever she was too weak. The virtual community rallied round through three painful years of surgeries, seizures and life-threatening infections. Until March this year, when one of them discovered Mandy wasn't sick at all. Gemma, Sophie, Pete and Janet had never existed. Mandy had made up the whole story.
Mandy is one of a growing number of people who pretend to suffer illness and trauma to get sympathy from online support groups. Think of Tyler Durden and Marla Singer in Fight Club, only these support groups are virtual, and the people deceived are real. From cancer forums to anorexia websites, LiveJournal to Mumsnet, trusting communities are falling victim to a new kind of online fraud, one in which people are scammed out of their time and emotion instead of their money. The fakers have nothing to gain from their lies – except attention.
These aren't just people with a sick sense of humour. Jokers want a quicker payoff than this kind of hoax could ever provide. It requires months of sophisticated research to develop and sustain a convincing story, as well as a team of fictitious personas to back up the web of deceit. Psychiatrists say the lengths to which people like Mandy are prepared to go mean their behaviour is pathological, a disorder rather than simply an act of spite. The irony is these people might actually be classed as ill – just not in the way they claim to be.
Some psychiatrists have started using the term Münchausen by internet (MBI) to describe this behaviour. Whereas Münchausen syndrome requires physically acting out symptoms to get attention from doctors, online scammers just have to be able to describe them convincingly. There's a potentially limitless audience of sympathetic ears, and success can be quantified by the number of concerned emails and message board posts generated by your lies. Some even go so far as to fake their own deaths, reading their own obituaries and observing the torrent of grief from the comfort of their living room. If they are rumbled – and they rarely are, conclusively – they just go to another support group, and to a fresh batch of trusting victims. The people they've fooled rarely find it so easy to move on.
No one suffered more from Mandy's lies than Dawn Mitchell, the 42-year-old Canadian who eventually exposed her. She became aware of Mandy's plight in 2007, when other mothers on the site signed off their posts urging for prayers and positive thoughts for their critically ill Australian member. "When you've got young children of your own, hearing about another mother who might leave her children motherless makes you more emotional."
She began providing the round-the-clock emotional support that Mandy craved. "I could spend an hour with her in the morning, a couple of hours in the afternoon, then I'd be up at night after the kids went to bed, sometimes until one o'clock. Instead of having a glass of wine with my husband in the evening, I was on the computer listening to Mandy talk about her latest infection," she says. "She was always on the verge of death. If I denied her and she died, then how would I feel?"
Dawn is now ashamed she was taken in for three years of fictitious suffering, as well as the tragic, unexpected "deaths" of Mandy's supposed real-life friends, Sophie and Pete, for whom she genuinely mourned. But Mandy put serious effort into her lies. When she posted as herself, she'd type as if she'd suffered a stroke, with lots of double letters and strings of words spelt backwards. Each of her personas had their own online identity and style. However much time Dawn devoted to comforting Mandy, Mandy must have spent more preparing for their online encounters. She emailed Dawn a photograph of herself apparently bald from chemotherapy, holding her baby son up to the camera. She even faked a seizure while they were having a webcam chat, convulsing with her eyes rolled back as Dawn looked on in horror.
The deceit only began to unravel because Mandy became greedy for Dawn's attention. "In the last six months it got a little silly," she says. "She was going from peritonitis to flesh-eating staph that was doing so much damage doctors were cutting flesh off her fingers and arms. There were too many dramas, too close together." Dawn wasn't prepared to share her growing doubts with the other forum members until she was completely sure. Nobody wants to falsely accuse a dying woman of lying. So she searched for Sophie and Pete's obituaries on Australian websites and found no record of their deaths. She looked closely at the photo of Mandy's bald head and noticed a five o'clock shadow. And when she went through Mandy's Facebook page, she discovered Mandy had been playing online games and commenting on friends' pictures at times when she was meant to be comatose or sedated.
Dawn confronted Mandy over Skype in March. At first Mandy played the role of wronged woman, but faced with Dawn's evidence, she begged for forgiveness. It fell to Dawn to tell the rest of the support group that the whole story had been a sham.
"She stole time from my kids and my husband, and I was able to be sucked in for so long because I couldn't fathom anyone making all this up for nothing. Why would someone want to hurt people like that? I'll never know."
MBI provides an explanation – albeit one that's been considered only by a handful of psychiatrists. They have plenty of cases to study. There's the anorexic mother and daughter who kept an eating disorders support group updated from the hospital where they were both in intensive care, until the forum members noticed they both consistently misspelled the same words, and revealed them to be the work of a lone faker. There's the 40-year-old single mother who posted for months on an ovarian cancer website until her 17-year-old daughter came online to announce news of her death, and her own tragic diagnosis with ovarian cancer. When her daughter's boyfriend informed the group that she, too, had died, someone smelled a rat and rang the local health department. There was no record of either death.
Then there's 18-year-old Limeybean, one of the internet's most notorious fakes, who said she was an immigrant living in London with a rare, untreatable form of tuberculosis. Limeybean blogged about her struggle on LiveJournal and garnered a wide following of concerned readers. When her death was announced on a friend's MySpace page, the LiveJournal community went into mourning. But some began to have doubts. One of her followers – a medical student – compared her account of the illness with what his textbooks said about tuberculosis. It didn't add up. When the community felt they had conclusive proof of her fakery, Limeybean returned briefly from the dead to resurrect her blog, only to delete it again and vanish.
"We can only guess why people do this, because rarely do the perpetrators come forward," says Dr Marc Feldman, clinical professor of psychiatry and author of Playing Sick. "Many of these people are simply after attention and sympathy that they feel unable to get in another way. These are people who often lack social skills, and they can't come up with more straightforward ways to ask that their needs be met."
Feldman is a specialist in factitious disorder – an umbrella term describing cases where people intentionally act ill, or claim their loved ones are ill, without obvious benefit to themselves. He coined the term MBI in 2000. "It's hard to say how common it is because the disorder is based in deceit. We're only detecting cases where the ruses have failed, which is probably a minority." Still, he hears of a new case every three weeks or so, and believes the phenomenon is becoming more widespread. "With the explosion of internet-based support groups and special interest groups, increasing numbers of people have realised these forums can be abused."
While it's impossible to develop a profile of the typical support-group scammer, there's little doubt that women are disproportionately involved, both as perpetrators and as victims. This is true of both MBI and factitious disorder in general. Online self-help forums tend to attract greater numbers of women than men, so women are more likely to be drawn into such a scenario in the first place, but Feldman offers another explanation. "Jails are full of men who get their needs met in direct, pathological ways, and women tend to resort to behaviour that elicits attention in an indirect way."
Jeanette Navarro is one of the few fakers who's prepared to talk about what she did. She's 24 and runs an online business from her home in the Philippines. She describes herself as an outcast, alienated from her family, with few friends. Jeanette does have a real medical condition – a rare autoimmune deficiency – but when she joined a worldwide online support group for fellow patients in 2008, she found herself exaggerating her symptoms and fabricating other personas to draw attention to herself.
"I was good at first. I didn't lie then," she says. "Everyone felt for me. Everyone was very sympathetic. It felt wonderful." Somewhere along the way, she says, she got "lost" amid the affection the group showed her. "I have never felt more loved and cared for in my entire life. I suddenly craved everyone's attention." After two months, she fell genuinely ill and took a break from the site for couple of weeks. "When I went back online, I found people were looking for me. That's when I posted as another person and told the group Jeanette was in a coma."
Her first lie was met with a deluge of compassion. Jeanette became intoxicated. "It made me feel so good, spending time with people who genuinely cared for me, even if they didn't know I was a fake." Once Jeanette started to lie, she found she couldn't stop. She'd spend 15-20 hours online a day, answering the 50 or so emails that arrived from concerned well-wishers, and ultimately invented five different characters to embellish and sustain the deception if attention moved away from her. Managing it all was demanding, she says. "My computer and desk were full of Post-it notes to remind me of what things I'd said to the group about a particular person."
Jeanette carried on for seven months, killing off two of her personas in dramatic fashion. But when she had time away from her computer she began to think about what she was doing. "It dawned on me I was playing with people's emotions. I started feeling guilty." Then she posted a long confession to the group, giving her real phone number, inviting people to vent their anger upon her.
The 200 people she'd been lying to were appalled, of course. "They said I was the lowest, most horrible, most despicable person that ever existed. They told me they wished I would just die," she says. Two years on, Jeanette often gets messages from group members telling her they're still devastated by what she did to them. She is now receiving psychiatric help, and takes medication for depression.
It can be almost impossible for online support groups to move on once they've found a faker in their midst, and some communities have been destroyed by the experience. They are supposed to be places of refuge for vulnerable people, and the trust on which they are based can be replaced by pervasive paranoia. If there's no outright confession, the group can be divided in two, with one side supporting the suspect and the other demanding their exclusion from the community.
With 1.2m visitors a month and 25,000 forum posts every day, Mumsnet has had its fair share of scammers abusing its message boards. One recent example involved a mother who'd been posting about her daughter's death in the bereavement forum, and was then found to have logged on using multiple identities, each with their own traumatic tale. After she was banned from the site, the women on the forum described feeling "violated", both by the suspected lies and by the witch-hunt that took place to try to expose them.
But Mumsnet's size makes it robust enough to bounce back from cases like this, and founder Justine Roberts takes a pragmatic approach to suspected scams. "It's part of our philosophy to take people at face value," she says. "We'd rather be taken in than deny support and advice to someone who's real."
Given that most fakers vanish at the first murmurs of doubt, there's little opportunity for their mindset to be studied by psychiatrists, or for them to get the treatment they may need.
MBI is a new concept, too new for the international psychiatric bodies who publish diagnostic criteria to have weighed in on whether it should be recognised as a distinct condition. But for those who specialise in factitious disorder, the idea seems very plausible. "It makes perfect sense that getting sympathy from potentially hundreds of people may be much more powerful than getting it just from one person in a white coat," says Dr Richard Kanaan, consultant psychiatrist at London's Maudsley hospital.
Whether feigning illness online or in the real world, fakers are often profoundly disappointed when they're told they may be ill after all. Many appear to prefer the stigma of being labelled cruel to that of being a psychiatric patient. According to Kanaan, this could be a false distinction. "There's confusion about where the line lies between being a bad person and being ill. Someone who's doing this, I'm afraid, could be both."
• Some names have been changed.
This house encased in snow and ice up to 7 inches thick may look fake, but photographer John Kucko assures his social media followers it's anything but.
The beach home in Webster, New York, about 5 miles from Rochester, is located in a “very remote” area near the shoreline of Lake Ontario. In the spring and summer, it's a weekend getaway; but when it comes to winter, it's more of a hazard than anything else.
Kucko said he frequently visits the spot to shoot sunsets year-round. But when he stopped by the secluded spot on Sunday, he couldn't believe his eyes.
Photographer John Kucko captured another photo of the “Ice House” on Monday. John Kucko Digital/Facebook
“We're probably coming off a record warm month of February, and then this happens,” Kucko told CBS News. “The waves have just been incredible.”
This house, unlike neighboring houses facing the lake, doesn't have a retaining wall. Therefore, the freezing temperatures combined with water and wind coated the house in layers of ice.
“The wind chill was below zero,” Kucko described.
When Kucko posted photos of the house, which looks like it could be part of a scene out of “Frozen,” on his Facebook page, he was slammed by critics, claiming the picture had to have been photoshopped.
Hours later, Kucko posted a follow-up video to prove he did not, in any way, alter the photo.
“Some parts look apocalyptic up there,” he wrote on his Facebook page, along with a 30-second video. “The violent wind we've had the last five days has taken a toll.”
A house in Webster, New York, was encased in ice up to 7 inches thick on Sunday. John Kucko Digital/Facebook
For the past 5 days, the area has seen incessant winds with gusts up to 81 mph, Kucko said. And it looks like the cold weather is going to continue, as a blizzard prepares to hit the Northeast starting Monday.
The National Weather Service announced a blizzard watch for coastal regions including New York City and upstate New York. Up to a foot of snow or more is forecast for all of Western New York.
For now, Kucko says the homeowners are steering clear of the igloo-like home. Maybe they'll return when it warms up, he joked.
“I mean, I love R Kelly. And all he does is talk about his dick.” Jonathan Higgs laughs as he explains his musical philosophies. The response was prompted by a self-indulgent inquest into the intricacy, robustness and wit of the band's song-writing, however my question produced results separate from my expectations.
For a band of such colour and inventiveness, lead singer Higgs almost seemed to downplay the level of care that is clearly put into his song-craft. Asked if modern pop music should feature sophisticated lyrics, the frontman said: “You can't prescribe art. A caveman whacking a club against a rock has probably moved somebody just as much as the works as Tchaikovsky.” Drummer, Michael Spearman did concede a small amount of pride however: “I'm kind of proud that we are bold enough to go there. But it's not our place to say if other people should.”
Sat in the band's elevated cabin of a dressing room in the cramped-yet-colourful suburban venue, unseasonable September warmth filtered into the room. As an avid fan of the Mercury-Prize–nominated four pieces, I was keen to get the latest on their new album. Before that though, the aforementioned Higgs and Spearman let me in on the secret to their success: hangovers.
“I think we're basically always hungover before a performance.” Higgs says. This, coupled with the award-winning Goose IPA, Honkers Ale and 312 Urban Wheat Ale being served at the venue, lead to a quick-fire quizzing of beer interests: “I've only just recently dipped my toe into the pale arena, but I do still crave lager sometimes.”
On the new album, both Michael and Jonathan seemed upbeat about its production. After initially making tongue-in-cheek suggestions that it may be a heavy metal record, Higgs explained that it could end up being a more insular experience than their previous record and more akin to their 2010 debut Man Alive. “I think we're going to have to go back to looking a bit more inwards. Looking outside is a bit too mental at the moment.”
Everything Everything excel at their satirical stabs at current affairs. 2015's Get to Heaven was an exemplary regurgitation of the various horrors the world faced during the year of 2014. Terrorism, war and the very trajectory of humanity were all tackled across the breadth of the 11-track album. The band notably received attention for the track Zero Pharaoh, which seemed to mirror the rise of Nigel Farage and the UK Independence Party. On that note, I asked songwriter Higgs on Brexit, and how it may affect his creative output.
The frontman nodded his head and jokingly exclaimed “Called it”. It is clear from my perspective that there is a certain desire in Higgs to transmit strong feelings regarding the referendum vote, but he stays as humble as ever. “My account of it isn't going to be particularly enlightening. It would already match the feelings of 48% of the country. But it will affect this record. Inevitably.”
Given the macabre themes of past records, I was interested to know if the band could ever envisage a thematically optimistic album. Higgs did not seem enthralled by the prospect.
“I couldn't do a fully positive album for the sake of it. I'm not a very positive person anyway.” He laughs: “Unless you found God or something. But I've already dabbled in that. You can't really pretend to be religious.”
Asking for details of what proved to be a stunning set later that evening in front of an 1,000-strong crowd was an entertaining experience. Spearman and Higgs exchange a glance before gleefully announcing: “It's gonna be bangers ‘n' mosh.”
Bangers and mosh, it was indeed.
CLOSE Rock band celebrates 30th anniversary of "The Joshua Tree" Sunday night at Lucas Oil Stadium. David Lindquist / IndyStar
Rock band performs 30-year-old songs of 'The Joshua Tree' and also looks ahead with new single
U2 members the Edge (left), Bono (foreground) and Larry Mullen Jr. perform Sunday at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Robert Scheer / IndyStar)
U2 vocalist Bono asked Sunday's crowd at Lucas Oil Stadium to support and "hold up" his band as a type of invocation for the show celebrating the 30th anniversary of "The Joshua Tree" album and tour.
But the Irish quartet led by example, delivering a two-hour musical pep talk for the United States.
Thinking locally, U2 showcased some of the best things about Indianapolis — things Hoosiers may undervalue or not even know about.
Sharing, sharing: It seems like half of Indy was at U2's concert last night
Bono mapped out his plan for the evening by referencing a quote by Indianapolis native Kurt Vonnegut. In his 1952 novel "Player Piano," Vonnegut wrote, "I want to stay as close on the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center."
This ambitious sentiment rings true in the context of "The Joshua Tree," an album of great commercial success built on the unlikely topics of labor strife ("Red Hill Mining Town"), political complacency ("In God's Country") and South American dictators ("Mothers of the Disappeared").
U2 didn't play it safe or predictable in 1987, and it was rewarded with "biggest band in the world" status.
Three years before "The Joshua Tree," U2 had a hit with "Pride (In the Name of Love)" — a song inspired by civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. On Sunday, Bono reached back to an Indianapolis moment when quoting Robert F. Kennedy's remarks given in a park near 17th and Broadway streets the night King was assassinated in 1968: "What we need in the United States is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer"
Four years after "The Joshua Tree," U2 conquered the music world again thanks to its "Achtung Baby" album. The band is dedicating performances of "Achtung Baby" track "Ultraviolet (Light My Way)" to the appreciation of strong women.
Images of bold, defiant poet Mari Evans and hair-care entrepreneur Madam C.J. Walker showed up as Hoosier representatives on U2's massive video screen during Sunday's rendition of "Ultraviolet."
Changing focus from Indianapolis to the United States, Bono spoke highly of opportunity and generosity in a country still under construction and a place that serves as an idea the rest of the world relies on. Opportunity, for instance, is something that's been available to immigrants. And generosity is a foregone conclusion as costs related to hurricanes Harvey and Irma escalate.
During Sunday's rendition of "Where the Streets Have No Name," Bono subbed the word "hurricane" for "poison rain" in the lyric "I want to take shelter from the poison rain."
Mondo video: How U2's 1987 tour influenced look of 2017 show
IndyStar podcast: The Edge recalls band's 1987 prank on Indianapolis
Ms. Pat: Hoosier comedian writes book on harrowing, hilarious life
Perhaps aware of his Red State surroundings, Bono stayed largely nonpartisan in his messages. Sunday's version of "Bullet the Blue Sky" didn't feature the anti-President Trump lyrics heard when U2 played "The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon" Thursday. For what it's worth, Hillary Clinton's image generated sizable cheers among the estimated audience of 45,000 when it appeared during "Ultraviolet."
Of all the "Joshua Tree" songs, "Running to Stand Still" may be the one that applies the most to 2017 Indiana. The song's heroin imagery translates easily to our state's opioid epidemic.
On a lighter note, Bono noted the 30th anniversary of the Dalton Brothers, a fake band created by U2 at the Hoosier Dome on Nov. 1, 1987.
NEWSLETTERS Get the The IndianapoLIST newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Your Indy-area things to do source. Sorting out the best concerts, dining spots, art shows and more. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Wed Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for The IndianapoLIST Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Travel issues prevented supporting act Los Lobos from getting to the show on time, so Alton, Luke, Duke, and Betty Dalton stepped up to perform a short set of country songs. In reality, the Daltons were Bono (Alton), guitarist the Edge (Luke), drummer Larry Mullen Jr. (Duke) and bass player Adam Clayton (portraying Betty in drag).
"Some of you were there. Some of you wish you weren't," Bono said Sunday.
A different type of debut made Indianapolis the most forward-looking date on the "Joshua Tree" nostalgia trip.
U2 played "You're the Best Thing About Me" for a concert audience for the first time (after playing the song on "The Tonight Show"). The upbeat love song, scheduled for inclusion on upcoming album "Songs of Experience," may or may not have staying power. But "Best Thing" didn't wilt when slotted among monster hits "Beautiful Day," "Elevation" and "Vertigo."
Long known for borrowing snippets of classic songs to fold into their own, the members of U2 inserted Simon & Garfunkel's "America" into "Bad"; David Bowie's "Starman" into "Beautiful Day"; and the Rolling Stones' "It's Only Rock 'n Roll (But I Like It)" into "Vertigo."
Acoustics and sonic clarity are a question any time a concert is presented at the gigantic NFL stadium.
A positive, if unscientific, sign arrived when supporting act Beck — playing a strong sampler from most eras of his career, highlighted by the folksy "Lost Cause" and the rambunctious "Where It's At" — called out to attendees at the top of the venue and received instant recognition.
During U2's portion of the show, it was evident Bono's between-song banter echoed harshly off the back of the room. In terms of the music, U2's strategy appeared to be "play loud" to deliver first-generation sounds to as many people as possible.
Let's be thankful pleasant weather conditions allowed the stadium's roof to be open and for potential echoes to be liberated to the sky.
Call IndyStar reporter David Lindquist at (317) 444-6404. Follow him on Twitter: @317Lindquist.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2vZNfhV
MAS clarifies regulatory position on the offer of digital tokens in Singapore
Singapore, 1 August 2017... The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) clarified today that the offer or issue of digital tokens in Singapore will be regulated by MAS if the digital tokens constitute products regulated under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (SFA). MAS' clarification comes in the wake of a recent increase in the number of initial coin (or token) offerings (ICOs) in Singapore as a means of raising funds.
2 A digital token is a cryptographically-secured representation of a token-holder's rights to receive a benefit or to perform specified functions. A virtual currency is one particular type of digital token, which typically functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account or a store of value.
3 ICOs are vulnerable to money laundering and terrorist financing (ML/TF) risks due to the anonymous nature of the transactions, and the ease with which large sums of monies may be raised in a short period of time. MAS' media release of 13 March 2014 had communicated that while virtual currencies per se were not regulated, intermediaries in virtual currencies would be regulated for ML/TF risks. MAS is currently assessing how to regulate ML/TF risks associated with activities involving digital tokens that do not function solely as virtual currencies.
4 MAS' position of not regulating virtual currencies is similar to that of most jurisdictions. However, MAS has observed that the function of digital tokens has evolved beyond just being a virtual currency. For example, digital tokens may represent ownership or a security interest over an issuer's assets or property. Such tokens may therefore be considered an offer of shares or units in a collective investment scheme1 under the SFA. Digital tokens may also represent a debt owed by an issuer and be considered a debenture under the SFA.
5 Where digital tokens fall within the definition of securities in the SFA, issuers of such tokens would be required to lodge and register a prospectus with MAS prior to the offer of such tokens, unless exempted. Issuers or intermediaries of such tokens would also be subject to licensing requirements under the SFA and Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), unless exempted, and the applicable requirements on anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism. In addition, platforms facilitating secondary trading of such tokens would also have to be approved or recognised by MAS as an approved exchange or recognised market operator respectively under the SFA.
6 The types of digital tokens offered in Singapore and elsewhere vary widely. Some offers may be subject to the SFA while others may not be. All issuers of digital tokens, intermediaries facilitating or advising on an offer of digital tokens, and platforms facilitating trading in digital tokens should therefore seek independent legal advice to ensure they comply with all applicable laws, and consult MAS where appropriate.
1 Examples of schemes falling under the revised definition of a collective investment scheme are found in Section 3 of the Consultation Paper on Proposals to Enhance Regulatory Safeguards for Investors in the Capital Markets, July 2014.
In 1970, Hunter S Thompson wrote The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved, his seminal article about America's most celebrated horse race. The writer's first piece of gonzo journalism, it was a vivid sketch of the event's drunken debauchery. Four decades on, has much changed?
Image caption The Kentucky Derby is at least as famous for what goes on off the track as on it
The sun is barely over the yardarm at Louisville's race course, but the notorious infield is already looking not dissimilar to the "sea of drunken horrors" and "huge outdoor loony bin" depicted by Thompson all those years ago.
Given that Churchill Downs opens for business at 08:00 on Kentucky Derby day, it is little surprise to find over-refreshed punters staggering about in the noon sunshine as though buffeted by hurricane-force winds.
In the whole of North America, it is said that only New Orleans during Mardi Gras can match the party atmosphere of the Kentucky Derby.
Jennie Rees, turf writer for Louisville's Courier-Journal newspaper, says: "The Derby is a real slice of Americana. The only thing I think we don't have from you guys [in the UK] is the gypsies - no gypsies in the infield. But we do have a lot of raucous revellers."
Some of the antics at Churchill Downs would make Aintree in its pomp look as tame as a maiden aunt's cribbage luncheon.
When Thompson wrote his famous article about the Derby, he was not interested in the actual race.
As the gonzo writer himself put it: "We didn't give a hoot in hell what was happening on the track. We had come there to watch the real beasts perform."
From Hunter S Thompson's The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved Now, looking down from the press box, I pointed to the huge grassy meadow enclosed by the track. "That whole thing," I said, "will be jammed with people; fifty thousand or so, and most of them staggering drunk. It's a fantastic scene - thousands of people fainting, crying, copulating, trampling each other and fighting with broken whiskey bottles. We'll have to spend some time out there, but it's hard to move around, too many bodies... We'll just have to be careful not to step on anybody's stomach and start a fight." I shrugged. "Hell, this clubhouse scene right below us will be almost as bad as the infield. Thousands of raving, stumbling drunks, getting angrier and angrier as they lose more and more money. By mid-afternoon they'll be guzzling mint juleps with both hands and vomiting on each other between races. The whole place will be jammed with bodies, shoulder to shoulder. It's hard to move around. The aisles will be slick with vomit; people falling down and grabbing at your legs to keep from being stomped. From that point on - almost from the very moment we started out to the track - we lost all control of events and spent the rest of the weekend churning around in a sea of drunken horrors.
He would no doubt find today's infield - a carnival of half-naked humanity basting under an apricot sun - familiar.
Bare-chested men juiced up on bourbon wrestle in a mire of mud, while amorous couples roll in the grass. Young women - hoisted aloft like trophies by sombrero-wearing college quarterbacks - expose their breasts, prompting a chorus of hoots from male admirers.
The scene evokes a sumptuous tableau of bacchanalian misrule painted by the baroque master Rubens.
By late afternoon senseless bodies are strewn everywhere like fallen combatants from some mighty battle.
Why do 160,000 or so punters travel every year from across the United States to watch a horse race that lasts barely 120 seconds?
It is because this meeting is known as the most exciting two minutes in sport.
Stud fees
Set up in 1875 to emulate England's Epsom Derby, it is America's oldest continual sporting event.
Steeped in tradition and pageantry, this is the race every horse-owner wants to win.
The one-and-a-quarter mile (2km) taut oval course is only open to three-year-old thoroughbreds that have never run it before.
The victorious owner trots off with most of a $2m (£1.2m) purse, and an offer to sell his horse to a stud farm for up to $1m (£619k) a day.
Little wonder the floral blanket draped over the winning horse's withers, for which the race is known as the Run for the Roses, is so prized.
Churchill Downs' track announcer, Mark Johnson, who comes from Skegness, Lincolnshire, believes the Derby is "without a shadow of a doubt" more important than the two legs of the Triple Crown which follow (the Preakness Stakes in Baltimore, Maryland, at the end of May and June's Belmont Stakes in Elmont, New York).
"The Kentucky Derby transcends sport," he says. "All humanity is there. It's probably a little more Royal Ascot than Grand National.
Image caption The mint julep is a much cherished Kentucky Derby tradition
"It involves high society and high sport and high stakes. But if you want to make it a debauched party you can. The infield is more like Woodstock than a race meeting."
Thoroughbreds and prodigies
If the infield specimens could be compared to wild mustangs prancing in the prairie dust, then those up on Millionaires' Row are pampered like human thoroughbreds.
In this hermetically sealed, air-conditioned oasis strut the seersucker suit-wearing aristocrats of Derby day.
A seat among these celebrities, socialites and cigar-chomping captains of commerce can cost up to $8,000 (£4,900).
Leggy Southern belles glide in a cirrocumulus of perfume, with the grace of pedigree race horses, through this elite club.
Glossy manes of hair tumble down their sun-kissed backs, beneath cartwheel-sized hats.
These prodigies of millinery - adorned with tulle, feathers and flowers - are one of the most cherished traditions of the annual Kentucky swill.
Many of the punters are liberally indulging in another hallowed Derby custom: the mint julep, a beverage of bourbon, sugar syrup, bruised mint leaves and shaved ice served in a highball glass.
In praise of mint juleps "The preparation of the quintessence of gentlemanly beverages can only be described in like terms. A mint julep is not the product of a formula. It is a ceremony and must be performed by a gentleman possessing a true sense of the artistic, a deep reverence for the ingredients and a proper appreciation of the occasion. It is a rite that must not be entrusted to a novice, a statistician nor a Yankee. It is a heritage of the old South, an emblem of hospitality and a vehicle in which noble minds can travel together upon the flower-strewn paths of a happy and congenial thought." From a letter by Lt Gen Simon Bolivar Buckner, 1906
For those abstemious enough to remain on their feet until the big race, they are unlikely ever to forget the experience.
From the derby winner's circle a bugler dressed like a master of foxhounds sounds the Call to the Post.
As 20 majestic horses are led to the starting gate by outriders, Churchill Downs twitches with anticipation.
Kentucky - the home of bluegrass and bourbon, Abraham Lincoln, Muhammad Ali and, last but not least, Colonel Sanders - is a proud commonwealth.
So when a marching band strikes up the state song, My Old Kentucky Home (a plantation slave lament), grown men choke back tears.
A reverent hush descends across the field as the fired-up horses bounce in their stalls, impatient to get to work.
The bell trills, and the cavalry charge begins.
Over the track spurt the mounts, like jets of liquid crystal - it is a living sonnet to motion.
Image caption Mario Gutierrez rode I'll Have Another to victory at this year's Derby
Down the homestretch, I'll Have Another erupts like a flaming meteor from a storm cloud of horseflesh and hurtles down the final furlong to victory.
As the chestnut colt flies over the finish line, the crowd's roar consumes Churchill Downs with the fury of a tempest.
The Kentucky Derby is over, but its spell lingers long in the air, like the smell of sulphur from fireworks.
It is true that this epic race meeting still offers decadence and depravity in abundance.
But it has much more than that. Another famous American author who immortalised the event in prose expresses it well.
In 1956 John Steinbeck wrote: "The Kentucky Derby, whatever it is - a race, an emotion, a turbulence, an explosion - is one of the most beautiful and violent and satisfying things I have ever experienced."
PEBBLE BEACH, Calif. -- NHL officials approved a radical realignment plan Monday that will give the league four conferences instead of six divisions and guarantee home-and-home series among all teams.
The Board of Governors authorized commissioner Gary Bettman to implement the proposal pending input from the NHL Players' Association. It could be put in place as early as next season.
The league considered two plans to accommodate Atlanta's move to Winnipeg this past summer. The first would have simply moved the Jets to the Central Division and either Detroit or Columbus to the Southeast.
"The simple one wasn't as simple as it looked when you got done with it," Bettman said.
The board opted to go with the more dramatic switch, creating four geographic conferences -- two with eight teams and two with seven.
The new format will increase overall travel in the regular season, especially for Eastern Conference teams who will now have more trips West. But it cuts down on travel for some Western Conference teams, which was a critical issue for teams such as Detroit, Dallas, Columbus and Nashville.
"More teams are going to have to do more travel. There are things in there that everybody likes to a degree and some they wouldn't like but ultimately it's about compromise," Detroit general manager Ken Holland said. "From the Detroit Red Wings perspective, we like it."
The debate process lasted for roughly an hour. Although no official vote count was released, the changes required at least 20 of the 30 teams to ratify.
"This is not a subject that everybody is going to get their first choice on," Bettman said. "What you try to do is come up with something that everybody can live with, get comfortable with and understands the value of. Because if you ask 30 clubs, you'd probably get 30 different solutions. That's what makes this a difficult process."
The union representing faculty at 14 universities in Pennsylvania is mulling a strike due to a lack of progress toward a new contract.
The Association of Pennsylvania State College and University Faculties (APSCUF) will decide on August 25 whether its members will vote to authorize a strike.
If a majority of delegates from the 14 campuses approve, the union will set a date for the strike-authorization vote.
The union described negotiations with the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education as "stagnant" on Friday.
The next bargaining session is scheduled for July 19.
"As the faculty and coaches responsible for providing a quality education, we place students at the center of our decisions," APSCUF President Dr. Kenneth M. Mash said. "But the changes the State System wants to make to our contract would make it nearly impossible for our members to deliver that quality. We are fully prepared to stand up for our current students, our future students, for all our alumni, and ourselves."
The previous contract expired June 30, 2015.
The union represents 5,500 faculty and coaches at Bloomsburg, California, Cheyney, Clarion, East Stroudsburg, Edinboro, Indiana, Kutztown, Lock Haven, Mansfield, Millersville, Shippensburg, Slippery Rock, and West Chester Universities.
Massive public debt: bad. Massive private debt: excellent. Gordon Brown's bubble: economic ruin. George Osborne's potential bubble: economic salvation. Benefits for non-home-owners: unaffordable. Cash bungs for property buyers: essential.
Recite this catechism often and loudly, and over time you too will appreciate the wisdom of the coalition's economic policy.
The consensus over Wednesday's budget was that it was a do-nothing affair, a feeble huddle of small measures washed away in a sea of red ink and broken targets. In terms of central government giving and taking – the traditional stuff of Red Books – it was as small beer as that penny off a pint indicates. But stack up the announcements that don't touch the public balance sheets and the chancellor was strikingly radical.
Because it turns out that Osborne does believe in that apparent epitome of economic loucheness, borrowing to invest. He just wants you and me to do it, using our own wee savings. Sure, No 11 will give us a leg-up, by guaranteeing over £100bn of our loans and sloshing easy money through the banks. But, despite all Vince Cable's exhortations, the chancellor will not do the obvious and less risky thing of public investment.
Have a look at the supplementary document on Help to Buy that the Treasury issued alongside the budget. Billed as a "technical paper", it's not half as innocuous as that sounds. Rather, it's one of the biggest state interventions in the mortgage market in Britain's postwar history.
Help to Buy builds on (no pun intended) existing, largely failed, schemes to help first-time buyers purchase a newly built home. This is in itself problematic, since it's really a bung for the likes of Taylor Wimpey and Barratts and all the other purveyors of identikit housing estates. But warning signs really start flashing with Osborne's proposal to offer banks government guarantees on £130bn of mortgages where the borrowers have low deposits. This isn't just for new homes, it's for any house worth up to £600,000 and it's available not just to first-time buyers, but to people moving up the property ladder.
When the scheme was announced, Ed Miliband's troops successfully got ministers squirming over whether it would be offered to those buying a second home. But that is to miss the bigger point. The first is the risk to public finances: if the property market turns seriously sour, the government stands to make a loss. But the second is the way that ordinary Britons are now being used as economic cannon fodder. Osborne may say, as he did last week, that "you can't cure a crisis caused by debt with more debt". But he doesn't really mean that, because he's just about to launch a policy aimed to get Britain out of its depression – and it relies on households sinking into the red to take part in a property Ponzi scheme.
As I say, the policy is new – but the strategy it's part of has been knocking around for about three decades. The postwar British state used to protect citizens against market failure through the welfare state, through government pump-priming of the economy and through rising wages. But after Thatcher, it was increasingly left to Britons to protect themselves by taking on shares in privatised utilities, by buying up council houses – and by taking on debt, with all the attendant risks. This is what the political economist Colin Crouch has dubbed "privatised Keynesianism": debt is used to reflate the economy, but it is taken on not by the public sector but by individuals, couples, families.
Privatised Keynesianism sounds a bit joyless, but the political classes found something to give it extra zap. Call it housing-market heroin: the special high the Brits get when property prices are really taking off and Sarah Beeny is on the telly explaining how we can all cash in. Thatcher was the first PM to really push housing-market heroin with her right-to-buy programme and her Lawson boom but, with their love of aspiration and Home Ownership Task Force, Blair and Brown knew its potency, too.
Osborne's strategy combines both privatised Keynesianism and housing-market heroin. Yet this is a particularly dangerous time for him to push either. For a start, Britons are already up to their eyes in debt and, outside London, the housing market is flat on its back.
The estate agency Knight Frank estimates that it will take until at least 2019 before property prices are back to the levels of 2007. Add to that the Office for Budget Responsibility's forecast that real wages in Britain in 2015 will be 9% lower than they were in 2010. So the housing market looks less of a sure thing than at any time since 1994, and Britons' personal finances are a wreck. Osborne may think he's found an update of right-to-buy, but it looks more like right-to-be-repossessed.
Still, back to that coalition catechism. Government borrowing to build council housing: forbidden. Individual borrowing to buy an overpriced two-bed flat: encouraged. The way to make the economy stronger is to make it more fragile. And we're all in it together, except really, when it comes to managing your way through this depression, you're on your own.
People were asked to agree or disagree with the statement "Our laws should respect and be influenced by UK religious values".
The proportion of Muslims who agreed (79 per cent) was higher than for Christians themselves (70 per cent).
The ComRes poll for the BBC appeared to contradict calls by some politicians to remove faith from the public arena.
Hindus (74 per cent) also gave more support than Christians to a strong role in public life for the UK's traditional, Christian religious values.
The results suggested that people of different religions would rather there is some kind of faith-based framework to life in Britain, even if it is not based on their own religion.
Several years ago the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor, warned that Christianity was "all but vanquished" as the guiding principle for Britain's moral framework.
But, according to the poll, 91 per cent of Muslims agreed that religion "has an important role to play in public life" while 73 per cent of Christians also agreed.
Atheists have recently stepped up their campaign against the role of religion in public life, including using advertisements on the sides of buses.
But the poll suggested that, even with baptisms, church weddings and attendance at Sunday church services declining, people are unwilling for secularism to replace religion completely.
The poll also found that only 54 per cent of Christians and 52 per cent of Muslims agreed that the media reported their religion accurately.
The BBC are just one of a partnership of content providers who commissioned the report.
Internet Service Providers (ISP's) are exaggerating the cost of meeting the ever-increasing demand for data, according to a new report.
The report by Plum Consulting says that, although some ISP's argue their costs are ‘ballooning' because of increasing internet traffic, they have concluded that this is not the case.
For traditional fixed line services in particular, the costs of carrying traffic are only a small part of ISP's total revenue. More importantly this percentage is expected to stay the same or decline in future.
Mobile networks are acknowledged as slightly different, according to the report, the cost of adding capacity is higher but mobile network technology has seen improvements and these costs have fallen.
Online content providers
The same report also picks up on a number of other related internet economy ‘myths'. Including the idea that applications and content providers 'cause' traffic and they ‘free ride' on networks. Content providers include, for example, the BBC and its iPlayer application. The report itself was commissioned by content providers including the BBC, Channel 4, Skype and Yahoo!.
It puts forward the idea that it's consumers that cause the traffic in accessing these services rather than the content and application providers themselves. It also points out that these providers often invest in internet access infrastructure and actually stimulate demand for internet access in the first place.
More like this…
This is clearly photoshopped, as bicycles were not even invented until after Einstein's death.
Donald Trump is doing such a great job of draining the swamp in Washington. Not only is he filling his cabinet with billionaires and generals -- ideally, there should be a few people who are both -- he's also doing everything he can to wipe every last vestige of the Obama administration from the government, even if it means we won't have actual ambassadors to a bunch of countries as of January 20, because they were appointed by Obama, and other countries are laughing at us because he was so weak. Now, thanks to Gizmodo, we know that Team Trump has also "instructed the head of the National Nuclear Security Administration and his deputy to clean out their desks when Trump takes office on January 20th," according to an official in the Department of Energy. It's not like we really need anyone running that agency anyway, since it's not involved in something important like drilling for oil, expelling illegal aliens, or yelling at celebrities. What the hell does the NNSA even do, anyway?
The NNSA is the $12 billion-a-year agency that “maintains and enhances the safety, security, and effectiveness of the U.S. nuclear weapons stockpile.” It's unclear when the two officials will be replaced.
Oh, the nuclear weapons stockpile. Yeah, that's probably fine, those things just sit there until we need them, right? Besides, as Gizmodo acknowledges, it's not like the people at the top of the agency are actually out there maintaining the nukes; that's handled by lower-level folks who'll stay on anyway, unless they think climate change is real, or flee civilization altogether for wherever the fallout is least likely to reach. The top guy at the agency, Undersecretary for Nuclear Security Frank Klotz, and his deputy, Madelyn Creedon, have been given their walking papers, and at some point, we assume, Trump will find somebody to replace them and the Senate will eventually confirm those people, probably. Nobody has been named yet, and in previous administrations, it's not unusual for the previous administration's appointees to stay in place -- Barack Obama kept G.W. Bush's heads of the NNSA until Klotz and Creedon were confirmed in his second term.
Oh, and maybe some other people at the NNSA will be out, says Gizmodo's source:
“Secretarial and administration appointments that don't require Senate confirmation, mostly performing policy, liaison, and strategic advisory capacities in support of the agency they're at. They serve at the will of the head of their agency. Those people are, theoretically, also out on inauguration day unless otherwise directed, which hasn't happened yet to my knowledge.” The source later added, “I'm more and more coming around to the idea that we're so very very fucked.”
Oh come on now. It's only the political leadership, and while this will be the first time in its 17 years of existence the NNSA won't have leaders, it's not like the weapons themselves will be abandoned, probably. It just won't have anyone running it, so the professionals can do what they think is needed. The agency's director only does stuff like asking Congress for a budget and stuff, so probably Congress will remember to allocate funds to maintain the nukes, we guess. Oh, yeah, there's that program to upgrade the arsenal that Obama started, and maybe a director for the agency could be important in making sure that happens, too, but meh, it'll probably get done eventually, don't you think? It's not like Trump wants to expand our nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes, after all.
Anyway, once Rick Perry is confirmed as secretary of Energy, we bet he can find some really capable heads of Texas chemical plants to fill the jobs, then just sit back and let them get to work. Or maybe the Russians can help us out.
[Gizmodo]
The churchtower in Näfels (Keystone)
The cantonal court of Glarus in eastern Switzerland has released a farmer from the obligation, dating back 655 years, to finance an “eternal lamp” in the Roman Catholic church in Näfels village. The debt stemmed from a 14th century murder.
In 1357 a certain Konrad Müller was accused of killing a man named Heinrich Stucki, as recorded in contemporary documents. To save his soul and to avoid vengeance from the family of his victim, he offered to maintain an eternal lamp in the church of Mollis “for eternity”.
Under the agreement, failure to provide oil for the lamp meant the man would forfeit his land to the church, the Swiss News Agency reported.
During the Reformation the eternal lamp was transferred to the church of St Hilarius in Näfels and over the centuries that followed, landowners honoured the commitment, which amounted to SFr70 per year to pay for the nut oil – and later the candles – that lit the lamp.
Generations of landowners accepted the burden – but not the current owner, who bought the land from his mother in 2009 and refused to pay for the candles.
The parish of Näfels then moved to enter this obligation into the land registry of the commune, yet the farmer still refused to comply. The church took legal action against the man but in its judgment of December 20th, made public on Monday, the cantonal court found in favour of the farmer, awarding costs against the parish.
It was never about the money, the lawyer for the parish was quoted as saying in the NZZ Online newspaper, rather “a simple clearing up of the land registry”.
The court ruled that the customary law, valid at the time of the murder, was null and void at least since the reform of the mortgage system which took place in the middle of the 19th century. Furthermore there was no particular link any more between the land and the eternal lamp.
swissinfo.ch and agencies
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
Fly us to the Moon…South Pole to be precise
The possible deposits of water ice, heavily cratered terrain and long periods of sunlight make the lunar South Pole and areas around it extremely interesting for explorers and scientists. It is therefore a prime target for future human missions to the Moon.
The south polar region of the Moon, with dark craters and high ridges, is a world away from the relatively smooth terrain visited by Apollo astronauts four decades ago. This rugged moonscape is the target for Europe's next leap into space.
ESA is now asking industry to submit proposals for this Lunar Lander mission.
Europe is now looking at a lander mission to pave the way for astronauts. This precursor would be the first European Moonlander and the first to visit the south polar region.
Preparing for human exploration Aldrin's lunar bootprint ESA's Lunar Lander would pave the way for future human exploration on the Moon. There are two core goals. The first requires that it uses the latest navigation technology to fly a precise course from lunar orbit to the surface and touch down safely and accurately. On the way down, it must image the surface and recognise dangerous features by itself, using its own ‘intelligence'. Then the Lander shall investigate this unique region with a suite of instruments. It will investigate the properties and possible health effects of radiation and lunar dust on future astronauts, and it will examine the soil for signs of resources that could be used by human explorers.
Europe's vision: a leader in exploration Lunar Lander concept from OHB-System AG Several European industrial teams have already assessed the various mission options and designs. The next step is ‘Phase-B1', which will mature the mission and spacecraft design and examine in detail the demands of landing and working at specific southern sites. This 18-month phase will begin this summer, taking the Lunar Lander from a design concept to hardware reality. The goal is for launch by the end of this decade. Involving European researchers and industry is crucial for defining the detailed mission objectives and identifying instruments to address them. For instance, a request for information in 2009 produced more than 200 responses.
The state government's lockout laws are keeping tourists away from Sydney's Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras and have turned the city into a "laughing stock" overseas, according to venue owners around Oxford Street.
The festival, which ends with the famous parade and after party next weekend, typically attracts 30,000 interstate and international visitors each year and injects more than $30 million into the economy.
Sydney's Mardi Gras attracts visitors from all over the world, but venue owners say they expect revenue to fall drastically this year. Credit:Janie Barrett
But Shadd Danesi, owner of the internationally known Arq nightclub at Taylor Square, said crowds before this year's Mardi Gras were much smaller.
"In past years we had a lot of tourists here. I'm not seeing that at present," he said. "The streets are pretty quiet, it hasn't got the buzz in the area."
Access to affordable and abundant energy has enabled some of the most incredible advances in human history. Worldwide, cheap energy has fueled massive economic growth, lifted billions of people out of poverty, expanded agricultural production, and lengthened human lifespans.
But the staggering environmental and public health impacts of our modern energy system are well-documented too. It has become commonplace to illustrate the problems of climate change, air pollution, and lack of access to electricity as critical failures that demand rethinking energy. But many solutions proposed are too often linear at best, while the problems, especially climate change, are getting exponentially worse.
Humanity can do better. Solutions don't need to be linear. We can rapidly solve the problems of our energy system with global and exponential approaches. For example, the remarkable drop in the price per kilowatt-hour of solar photovoltaic cells has drawn analogies to Moore's Law of exponential growth in computer chip transistor density, and prompted an influx of new ideas in the energy space. Through open innovation, modernized regulatory systems, and new business models, we can evolve from complaints about the status quo to rapidly identifying and deploying real solutions to our grandest challenges.
Consider what happened with telecommunications: places like sub-Saharan Africa, which had few telephone wires for communicating, rapidly adopted mobile phones. Could a new approach to energy leapfrog a similarly centralized electricity model? With the innovative approaches to energy being pioneered in Africa today – for example, using small renewable systems combined with mobile payment systems – it is quite possible that national grids will be disrupted by new approaches from regions that have never had access to reliable electric power.
Capitalizing on the power of the crowd and models that reduce risk will help accelerate this important transition. By harnessing genius of the crowd, we can rapidly identify energy breakthroughs because we exponentially increase both the number of innovators and the diversity of problem-solving approaches. Open innovation–crowdsourcing, challenge grants, hackathons, and others–gives innovators everywhere more shots on goal. And all we need is one shot to go in.
One of the most successful open innovation models is the incentive prize competition. Prizes catalyze exponential solutions to grand challenges by identifying an audacious target for anyone to try and meet, and then paying the innovators that can solve that challenge.
XPRIZE is committed to applying the prize model to incentivize a better energy future. XPRIZE has started with perhaps the most pressing problem of our current energy system: the CO 2 emissions that drive climate change. While fossil fuels have unleashed unprecedented improvements in everything from transportation to industry, the consequence of unfettered release of CO 2 has the potential to devastate our planet.
We recently announced the NRG COSIA Carbon XPRIZE, a four-year competition that challenges anyone from anywhere in the world to develop innovative approaches for converting CO 2 emissions into valuable products. The teams that convert the most CO 2 from a working power plant into products that have the highest value will take home the $20 million prize.
The Carbon XPRIZE highlights how we can target solutions to specific problems by reducing the cost of finding new solutions in the energy industry. Open innovation tools and the power of the crowd can become our greatest assets in reducing the risk that comes with disrupting a critical system like energy.
In traditional R&D, money is provided in advance to invest in the development of possible solutions. Conversely, in a prize model, teams must demonstrate performance before the prize is awarded, and hence prizes “pay for success.” In doing so, prizes leverage the prize purse into total investments of 10x or greater, attract a large community of solvers, and increase the probability of finding solutions. As a result, prizes and challenges are increasingly being offered by a variety of organizations, from innovative corporations like Google and Virgin, to government and educational institutions like the U.S. Department of Energy, the European Union, and MIT.
We at XPRIZE believe a new type of energy system is possible: one that is sustainable, accessible, reliable, and abundant. Even with the existing sunk costs of energy infrastructure, it is only a matter of time before more efficient, more dynamic, and more sustainable approaches to energy come to the fore. But climate change doesn't wait for action. To act on climate now, we must embrace today's tools that accelerate innovation, de-risk opportunities, and leverage diverse investment.
By enlisting the innovators of the world – from scientists to investors, tinkerers to entrepreneurs – we will see breakthroughs that protect our planet, all while empowering billions more people with economic opportunity.
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
CONGRESS and President Barack Obama return to work in Washington on September 8th, after Labour Day. But a summer of golfing has done nothing to improve the nation's political temper. Democrats and Republicans are in the throes of one of their periodic shouting matches about who is to blame for the gridlock on Capitol Hill and, more broadly, about the merits and flaws of bipartisanship. “Now more than ever,” yelled a representative recent headline on salon.com, an online magazine, “bipartisanship is for suckers.”
Stoking the liberal side of this debate is Congress's failure to make progress on health-care reform. A cacophony of voices is urging Mr Obama to stop seeking compromise with the Republicans, which seems wasted effort, and use Democratic votes alone to ram his flagship domestic project through Congress. It is not just the netroots who are up in arms: on August 30th an editorial in the New York Times concluded “with considerable regret” that the ideological split between the parties was too wide to bridge.
The White House is signalling impatience too. Mr Obama's press spokesman, Robert Gibbs, complained this week that Mike Enzi of Wyoming, one of the three Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee who are supposed to be hammering out a compromise on health with three Democrats in Senator Max Baucus's “gang of six”, had “turned over his cards on bipartisanship” and walked away. Mr Gibbs was responding to a radio broadcast in which Mr Enzi had excoriated the Democrats' reform plans. If Mr Gibbs is right, the outlook for bipartisan reform has indeed darkened. The “gang of six” had seemed the likeliest forum to produce a bill that might attract cross-party support in the Senate.
For the moment, however, Mr Obama gives no hint of abandoning his (stated) preference for bipartisan lawmaking on health, climate change and other matters. This dispirits those Democrats who yearned, after eight years of George Bush, for audacious change. These loyalists are dismayed by Mr Obama's recent softening of his insistence that any health reform must include a “public option” (under which private insurers would face competition from a government-run scheme). But Mr Obama's retreat on this suggests that he is not yet convinced by the notion of driving through controversial legislation on Democratic votes alone, even if he could overcome the doubts of the Democrats' own fiscal conservatives. Weighty calculations of principle, presentation and practical politics lean the other way.
The principle at stake is not only the promise Mr Obama made at his inauguration to transcend “petty grievances” and “worn-out dogmas”. Almost every president says something like that. A long-established idea in American politics also holds that big laws—the sort that alter the face of the country—are likelier to endure if they collect support from both parties. That was the thinking behind great bipartisan measures such as the creation of Social Security in 1935 and of Medicare in 1965, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and—in 1986—the tax reform engineered by Ronald Reagan and his ideological opposite, Speaker Tip O'Neill. Mr Obama says he wants to stop America from being bankrupted by health bills and the planet from frying. Those are causes big enough to make it worth travelling the extra mile to sign up the other party, which will one day return to government.
As for presentation, America has just buried Ted Kennedy, lionised now in a thousand editorials for having been, among other virtuous things, a shining exemplar of bipartisanship. Americans seemed to admire a senator whose firm stand on the left of the Democratic Party did not stop him from making Republican friends and cutting bargains with them in order to make laws—a talent that persuaded a veteran conservative pundit, George Will, to declare him the most consequential Kennedy brother. After a summer of ugly tribal arguments in town-hall meetings on health care, politicians may feel the need to pay lip service, at least, to the idea of bipartisanship.
And yet in the Washington think-tanks the passing of Ted Kennedy has revived a different debate. Is bipartisanship still feasible in today's America? Is it even desirable? Pietro Nivola, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, has doubts on both counts. Grand bargains are harder in an age when both parties, but especially the Republicans, have become more ideological and cohesive. Congress no longer contains legions of conservative Democrats from the South or moderate Republicans from the north-east willing to make common cause—or laws. The gerrymandering of electoral districts has slashed the number of swing seats, forcing candidates to nurture their wild-eyed base, rather than reach out to moderates, to win their primaries. Religious polarisation has sharpened the gap between the parties, sucking believers into the Republican camp and driving the secular to the Democrats.
During the raucous fight over health care, Democrats have affected particular indignation over the remark in July of a Republican senator, Jim DeMint of South Carolina, that “if we're able to stop Obama on this, it will be his Waterloo. It will break him.” How very non-bipartisan. And yet nothing could be more natural than for an opposition to scheme to thwart the governing party. Mr Nivola argues that rather than wringing their hands, Americans should welcome the fact that their parties have become aggressively opposed. “As in Europe,” he says, “the majority rules and the minority has to bide its time.” This produces clearer choices for voters and makes it easier to hold governments to account. Nothing wrong with that.
Unless, perhaps, you are the one who is going to be held to account. As anxious Democrats resume work next week, even his allies admit that Mr Obama has had a torrid summer. His approval rating has fallen from about 70% at the time of his inauguration to around 50%. Independents in particular seem to be losing faith. Health-care reform has taken a bashing. By mid-August only 46% of Americans approved of Mr Obama's handling of it, down from 57% at the end of April. Americans understandably doubt whether any of the bills before Congress can cut costs and extend coverage at the same time. If health reform fails, energy legislation will falter too.
These are not circumstances in which Mr Obama will rush to heed the advice of those who want the Democrats to go it alone. White House aides say only that when the president returns to work he will be “very active”. He is scheduled to address a joint session of Congress on health care next Wednesday. As for the public option, it seems that he will still not insist on it if that puts off Republicans. Besides, if there is comfort for the president in the polls, it is last month's finding by the Pew Research Centre that a growing proportion of Americans (29%) blame the Republican leadership rather than Mr Obama (17%) for their failure to work together. If nothing else, bipartisanship has always been an excellent way for presidents to spread the blame in case things go wrong.
MarketWatch has just reported that the Senate has made it safe to bet big and naked on Wall Street. An amendment to the Finance Reform Bill that would have outlawed Naked CDS – Credit Default Swaps that are pure bets on what will happen on default positions taken by others; this prudish amendment has thankfully been rejected. Now naked CDS are a big, multi- trillion-$ Casino operation on Wall Street and other global markets. It is the source of huge growth and profits, so the Banksters are loath to see their money making operations closed down. So there is major pushback from the financial plutocrats against any Washington efforts or from other government capitals where financial reforms are being considered. But naked or synthetic CDS are not very defensible because they are blatant gambling serving no insurance or other economic purpose.
So the Banksters SpinDoctors are arguing that gambling $Trillions is vital to providing information on terms and conditions in the broader derivative markets. Supposedly these naked bets are valuable for setting the rates in the Credit Default markets and defining the value of the underlying CDOs. Of course, no one bothers to mention the fact that many of these markets are so opaque, complex and closed that little or no information gets transmitted, disclosed or otherwise disseminated to the public. The simple fact is that these are largely and deliberately private gambling havens where buyers and sellers and terms are only known to a small set of market makers and participants. This was the underlying problem in September 2008 when Lehman went tits up – nobody knew who owed what and to whom because of the complexity and opaqueness of many of the transactions. And so financial markets – and broad categories of lending and loaning just stopped working.
But hey one of the major causes – opaque and naked big bets in the multi-trillion dollar derivative markets are a Banksters growth industry. So the US Senate has seen fit to let that gambling haven continue on. Here is how MarketWatch describes the situation:
However, naked credit default swaps are derivative investments set up by two investor groups that have no insurable interest but are betting on whether another bond will default or not. The measure, which was introduced by Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., would have been attached to a bank reform bill under consideration in the Senate. A measure banning naked credit default swaps was approved by the House as part of a bank reform bill it approved in December.“There is not one social or economic benefit to these investments,” Dorgan said.
How could one let a Senator from North Dakota[?!] rule the roost? So let us not fault the US Senate when one of their kind goes astray! Here is a vital American industry, subject to great job losses and financial distress [in the latter case falling from 41% of all US business profits in 2007 to estimates of only 40% in 2009]. So Saints Preserve US, the US Senate had to and did preserve these vital “financial operations” so at least Wall Street should and shall live long and prosper!
xXx: Return Of Xander Cage or as it's known as xXx: Reactivated in some countries is a 2017 American action film that was directed by DJ Caruso and was written F. Scott Frazier. The film features stars like Vin Diesel, Donnie Yen, Deepika Padukone, Kris Wu, Ruby Rose, Tony Jaa, Nina Dobrev, Toni Collette and Samuel L. Jackson and is the third installment of the xXx franchise and serves as a direct sequel to the 2002 film xXx and 2005 film xXx: State Of The Union.
The film starts off after four skilled people had infiltrated a highly guarded CIA office in New York City and stealing a Pandora's Box device that is capable of hijacking and controlling satellites to crash into specific locations as warheads. CIA Agent Jane Marke tracks down the former xXx operative Xander Cage, who had been living in self-imposed exile in the Dominican Republic and convinces him to return to active duty and retrieve the device.
Originally, Jet Li was brought on board to star as the films main antagonist, Xiang. However on February 12, 2016 news came out that he dropped out and was eventually replaced with Donnie Yen. Unlike the previous films, which were distributed by Columbia Pictures, this release was made available by Paramount Pictures on January 20, 2017 in 2D, RealD 3D, and IMAX 3D. This also marks the first film to be produced by Revolution Studios in ten years since the 2007 film The Water Horse: Legend Of The Deep. xXx: Return Of Xander Cage received mixed reviews from film critics and ended up grossing over $346 million worldwide against its $85 million production budget, making it the eighth highest-grossing film of 2017 and the highest-grossing film from the Revolution Studios franchise.
The Film Itself (5/5):
xXx: Return Of Xander Cage is a film that you have to go in with absolutely no expectations whatsoever. Films like this are loaded with on the edge of your seat action and excitement and if you're not paying attention throughout the film, you can easily get lost in the story line. That said, this new release to the franchise did an absolutely fantastic job at falling right in line with the two earlier films and it kind of brought things full circle overall. The story that we are given is one that myself and my wife both found to be interesting and very well maintained throughout and we had absolutely no issues with the movie itself.
Picture Quality (4/5):
The visual presentation that xXx: Return Of Xander Cage was absolutely stunning. Allowing for a crystal clear look into this governmental agency and all of the off-the-wall action their most notorious agents go through allowed for an all out immersive experience. Experiencing what seemed to be absolutely no distortion in the picture quality at all, I thoroughly enjoyed the visual experience that was provided. I only have one small complaint with this release and is with the CGI effects. Granted, 4K is still a considerably new technology, there were definitely some spots where the CGI was obvious. The use of HDR with this release was fascinating in that it offered an extreme boost to the color palette and allowed for everything that was unfolding to feel that much more real.
Audio Quality (5/5):
Packaged with a Dolby Atmos audio track, xXx: Return Of Xander Cage offers an all out immersive experience for those who have the ability to make use of the technology behind it. The overall quality of audio is one that I would say is one of the best action soundtracks to hit the 4K market. It's so good that it absolutely compliments the full throttle action in the film. The audio track definitely makes its presence known from every speaker that's in the mix and with that experience, it offers that much more of a lifelike experience for home theater enthusiasts.
Blu-ray.com reports that there is an issue with Xander Cage's dialogue around the 19-minute mark, where it sounds “scratchy and tinny” however I did not experience that while watching this movie tonight.
The Packaging (3/5):
xXx: Return Of Xander Cage comes packaged in your standard 4K UHD amaray case. Contained within that case is the standard 4K UHD release of the film as well as the standard Blu-ray copy of the film. The discs are generic in that they do not feature any artwork whatsoever and only contain the necessary text that's related to this release. There is also a digital copy redemption pamphlet for on the go streaming and there is a slipcover that's been made available in the initial pressing of this film. The artwork for the slipcover features the same art as the amaray case.
Special Features (4/5):
Just like every other (with the exception of a couple of releases), there is no additional content available on the included 4K UHD disc. All additional content that is provided is on the included Blu-ray disc; and with xXx: Return Of Xander Cage, there definitely is a good amount of content that allows consumers to dive deeper into the film and its production. Included with this release is:
Third Time's The Charm: Xander Returns
Rebels, Tyrants & Ghosts: The Cast
Opening Pandora's Box: On Location
I Live For This Sh#t!: Stunts
Gag Reel
Technical Specs:
Video
Codec: HEVC / H.265
Resolution: 4K (2160p)
Aspect Ratio: 2.40:1
Original Aspect Ratio: 2.39:1
Audio
English: Dolby Atmos
English: Dolby TrueHD 7.1 (48kHz, 24-bit)
French: Dolby Digital 5.1
Spanish: Dolby Digital 5.1
Portuguese: Dolby Digital 5.1
Subtitles
English, English SDH, French, Portuguese, Spanish
Final Thoughts:
When xXx: Return Of Xander Cage was originally announced, I will admit, I got rather excited as I had thoroughly enjoyed the first two films respectively. However, given the recent rise in sequels and reboots, I was slightly nervous that they would royally screw this film up. That said, this movie was extremely fun to watch and I was not disappointed by it at all, with the exception of the obvious computer-generated images that were used in some of the action sequences. The audio and visual presentation of this release was stellar and allows for this addition to my collection to be a new feature piece when showing off my living room setup to guests. If you're looking at picking this film up, I'd highly recommend ordering it now. Even if you don't have the capability to make use of the 4K, get the UHD because down the road, should you decide to upgrade; this release is one that you should have in this format at hand.
[paypal_donation_button]
Hillary Clinton on her emails: I want them out, too! She says she has limited say over timetable while judge orders rolling release of emails.
Hillary Clinton and the State Department on Tuesday insisted they are not slow-walking the public release of her emails during her time as secretary of state, while a federal judge ordered up a plan for a rolling release of the hotly anticipated documents.
“Nobody has a bigger interest in getting them released than I do,” Clinton said to reporters in a rare instance of fielding press questions on the campaign trail.
Story Continued Below
The 55,000 pages of emails have become the source of much heartburn, speculation and bureaucratic man-hours since news emerged earlier this year that Clinton used a private email server during her time as secretary of state.
The controversy has complicated the roll-out of Clinton's presidential bid and played into criticism that she and her husband are unduly secretive.
Clinton said in March that she wanted the State Department to release the emails, and since then, the agency has assigned 12 staffers full-time to reviewing the Clinton emails, according to an official.
The State Department on Monday night proposed a deadline of January 2016 to complete its review and publicly release the whole set of documents, but a federal judge on Tuesday rejected such a plan.
U.S. District Court Judge Rudolph Contreras on Tuesday said in a written order State must propose a new schedule by next Tuesday that involves disclosing the records batch-by-batch on a regular basis and updating the court every 60 days on the releases.
With the email controversy freshly swirling around her on the campaign trail, Clinton took a few questions from reporters on Tuesday — the first time she had done so since April 21, much to the jeers of her Republican opponents.
“Anything that they might do to expedite that process I heartily support,” she said to reporters after a roundtable in Cedar Falls, Iowa. “I want the American people to learn as much as they can about the work I did with our diplomats and our development experts.”
She contended she has limited say over the timetable.
“They're not mine,” Clinton said about her emails. She turned over copies of them to her former department last December. “The State Department has to go through its process, but as much as they can expedite the process, that's what I'm asking them to do.”
State spokesman Jeff Rathke said Tuesday that the agency will abide by the judge's order.
“I don't have anything to add to what was in the court papers,” Rathke told reporters at a daily briefing. “Clearly, the court has issued an order, and we'll comply with it.”
Asked if State was “slow-rolling” release of the records in order to benefit Clinton politically, Rathke said, “No.”
Rathke reiterated State's position that its initial proposal to release most of the records in a single batch was driven by a desire to ensure all the emails are handled appropriately.
“We have a large volume of records that cover the entire span of Secretary Clinton's time at the department. I'm sure you could imagine this would cover pretty much any topic. It could cover any topic on our foreign policy agenda,” the spokesman said.
“If certain things were released early and there were other records pertinent to the same topic that that might not have been finally processed, there was a desire to do them all at once so they'd be processed in their entirety.”
The emails have also been a subject of intense interest from a House committee investigating the Benghazi attacks, and documents unearthed as part of that probe have slowly leaked out.
Some of the emails revealed that Clinton forwarded unsubstantiated intelligence on Libya from Sidney Blumenthal, a family ally, to top officials at the State Department, according to documents obtained by The New York Times.
Blumenthal, a longtime Clinton family counselor and, according to the Times, an employee of the Clinton Foundation at the time, sent the intelligence reports based on information he had gathered while working as an adviser to Constellations Group, a private consultancy.
Clinton's habit of forwarding the memos to top advisers like Jake Sullivan and Chris Stevens, the ambassador who was killed during the 2012 attacks, raised questions among committee members about the extent of Blumenthal's influence at State — considering that aides cast doubt on the credibility of the memos in several emails.
At a brief hearing on Tuesday on Freedom of Information Act lawsuit brought by Vice News, Contreras did not set a specific date by which State must begin releasing the emails.
However, the judge gave the government one week to provide a schedule for the periodic release of records, Vice News lawyer Jeffrey Light said after the session.
Contreras also gave State one week to say exactly when it plans to release a portion of the records relating to the deadly attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, as well as other Libya-related issues. State officials have previously pledged to release those emails “soon” but have never offered a specific date.
The State Department has said the release is taking a while because it must thoroughly review the Clinton emails for sensitive information typically removed from records before they are released under FOIA. State official John Hackett said in the declaration filed Monday night that the agency wanted to post the bulk of the records online at once in order to make sure the FOIA rules and policies are consistently applied.
“The Department intends to post the releasable portions of the collection at the conclusion of its review process, which will facilitate consistency in the application of FOIA exemptions and the public's access to and understanding of the documents,” Hackett wrote in the Monday document.
Clinton has said she turned over all messages that were arguably work-related but decided to delete a roughly equal number of messages that her lawyers determined were personal or private in nature.
The State Department could also face deadlines to disclose portions of the records in other FOIA suits. Last week, a judge ordered State to release records from Clinton's top aides on specific topics by September. It's unclear whether the requests in that case, brought by conservative group Citizens United, would encompass some of the Clinton emails.
The term structure of interest rates has long been recognised as a potential source of information about future macroeconomic developments. This prevalent belief on the forward-looking characteristic of the yield curve is best represented by the expectations hypothesis (EH). According to this theory, the slope of the yield curve reflects market expectations of the average future path of short-term interest rates. Following the EH, it makes sense then to use yield curve information to forecast macroeconomic aggregates such as real economic activity and inflation.
In the EH framework, bond yields are fully determined by the expected path of the short-term interest rate with zero or constant term premium component. If bond yields are partly made up of time-varying term premia not only does the EH not hold but also the information content of the yield curve with respect to macroeconomic aggregates may be affected. Therefore, determining the contribution of the expectations and term premium components in bond yields might allow a more precise interpretation of the dynamics of the term structure of interest rates and the construction of better information variables for macroeconomic forecasting.
In this paper, we investigate the failure of the EH and its consequences for macroeconomic forecasting. We adopt the Dewachter and Iania (2011) Extended Macro-Finance (EMF) model, which augments standard Macro-Finance (MF) models of the term structure of interest rates with the inclusion of three financial factors and two stochastic trends. The first two financial factors reflect financial strains in the money market, while the third financial factor captures time variation in bond risk premia. The two stochastic trends allow for highly persistent processes capturing time variation in long-run inflation expectations and in the equilibrium real rate, two key components of long-run interest rate expectations. Through the lens of this MF model, we analyse two relevant issues related to the failure of the EH: the dynamics of bond risk premia and the information content of the term spread and its expectations and term premium components for forecasting economic activity and inflation.
Our analysis contributes to the current MF literature in several ways. First of all, we show that the EMF model is able to extract reasonable estimates for the term premium dynamics. The dynamics of our term premium are similar to those of Kim and Wright (2005), which are considered by Rudebusch Sack and Swanson (2007) to be the most representative among five measures examined by these authors. To do so, we use a single factor as the main driving force behind bond risk premia and which captures most of the co-movement in realised excess returns. This factor is similar to the return-forecasting factor proposed by Cochrane and Piazzesi (2005), the CP factor, which is however extracted by means of ad-hoc predictive regressions. When compared to realised excess returns, our model-implied risk premia are unbiased and generate an in-sample fit and out-of-sample forecasts that are in line with those generated by Cochrane and Piazzesi's method.
Second, we find that (i) the expectations component of short-term bonds is mainly driven by monetary policy shocks while that of long-term bonds is affected by all macro shocks and in particular long-run inflation shocks, and that (ii) movements in the term premium component are mainly associated with financial shocks, with some limited impact of liquidity and policy rate shocks. These results show that the relevance of introducing stochastic end-points and risk premia dynamics in a MF model is not limited to the improvement of the yield curve fit, but is also essential in the identification of bond yield expectations and term premium components.
Third, we show that while the decomposition of the term spread into its expectations and term premium components is crucial for forecasting inflation changes, it is less relevant in the forecasting of real activity. Our results suggest that looking at the term spread to infer future changes in inflation (via, for example, the Fisher hypothesis) might be sub-optimal since the information content of the term spread is affected by the presence of a risk premium component. This finding has remained stable for the past decade and is robust to the inclusion of control variables. For real activity measures like real GDP growth and the output gap, the decomposition of the term spread is less important. For GDP growth, we find that the increase in the adjusted R² is not statistically significant most of the time. For the output gap, the results are mixed. When the term spread is used as the only predictor variable, its decomposition in expectations and term premium components clearly increases the predictive content for the output gap. However, this improvement vanishes once we control for the current value of the output gap and the short-term interest rate. Furthermore, we document that, over the last decade, the decomposition of the term spread has lost forecasting power for both measures of real activity.
Istanbul (CNN) At least 39 people were killed and at least 69 wounded in an attack in a nightclub early Sunday as they were celebrating the new year, Turkey's Interior Minister said.
"We are face to face with a terror attack," Interior minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters.
Twenty-one of the dead have been identified, he said. Of those, 16 were foreign nationals and five were Turkish.
US officials also called it a terrorist attack, making it the first of 2017.
Latest developments
The death toll from the Reina nightclub shooting has risen to 39
The number of injured is at 69; "Four of them are in critical condition -- one very critical," says Interior Minister
At least one gunman still on the run -- it is unclear how many attackers were present
No claim of responsibility has yet been made
US, Turkish officials say incident is a terrorist attack
Soylu also said that "the efforts to locate the terrorist are ongoing. Security forces have begun the necessary operations. God willing soon (the attacker) will be apprehended."
Around 1:15 a.m. Sunday, the gunman shot a police officer who was guarding the front gate at the Reina nightclub, killing him, Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said.
"He entered the club and attacked innocent people who were there to celebrate the new year. It was a cruel, cold-blooded act," the governor said.
There have been no claims of responsibility. The fate of the attacker -- or attackers -- was also unclear.
Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub This still photo, taken from surveillance footage and released on Monday, January 2, is believed to show the gunman responsible for carrying out a New Year's Day attack on the Reina nightclub in Istanbul. The popular nightclub was attacked shortly after midnight on Sunday, January 1. At least 39 people were killed and 69 were wounded, Turkey's Interior Minister said. Authorities are still searching for the attacker. Hide Caption 1 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A Turkish special forces officer stands near the Reina nightclub on January 2. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted to Twitter. Hide Caption 2 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A friend of someone killed in the attack reacts near victims' pictures outside the nightclub on January 2. Hide Caption 3 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A police officer inspects cars near the scene on January 2. Hide Caption 4 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub People carry the coffin of Yunus Gormek, a victim of the attack, during a funeral ceremony in Istanbul on January 2. Hide Caption 5 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub People mourn outside the Forensic Medical Center in Istanbul on January 1. Hide Caption 6 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub Relatives of Ayhan Arik, one of the victims of the attack, cry during a funeral ceremony in Istanbul on January 1. Hide Caption 7 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub An ambulance rushes from the scene of the attack on January 1. Hide Caption 8 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A woman is consoled at the site of the attack. Hide Caption 9 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub Medics wheel a stretcher at the scene. Hide Caption 10 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub Police officers stand guard. Hide Caption 11 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub People leave the scene of the attack. Hide Caption 12 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A medic reacts near the scene of the attack. Hide Caption 13 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub Hide Caption 14 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A wounded victim is rushed from the scene. Hide Caption 15 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub Medics and security officials work at the scene of the attack. Hide Caption 16 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub A wounded person is put into an ambulance. Hide Caption 17 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub People walk in the rain near the scene of the attack. Hide Caption 18 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclub An ambulance transports those wounded in the attack. Hide Caption 19 of 19
'Crazy people shooting everything'
Witnesses in the club said they heard a loud noise, then a security officer told everyone to get out.
One victim said he didn't know how many attackers there were, but he saw one person and hid.
"I got shot in the (expletive) leg, man," he told journalists in English as he was taken into an ambulance. "These crazy people came in shooting everything."
A security camera captured the moment a gunman dressed in dark clothing dashed into the Reina nightclub as bullets ricocheted in the street.
The assailant, who has not yet been identified, opened fire inside the high-end nightclub in the busy Besiktas neighborhood, according to Turkish state-run news agency Anadolu.
CNN Map
Besiktas, on the European shore of the Bosporus, is known for its expensive, upper-middle class neighborhoods. The popular area had been under heavy police security for new year celebrations.
Ortakoy, where Reina is located, is a vibrant seaside neighborhood that caters to a wide range of people, from the uber-rich who party at clubs like Reina, to students who buy stuffed baked potatoes from vendors along the Bosporus.
Reina itself is one of the first clubs to open along the famous strait and remains a touchstone for Istanbul's exclusive nightlife. It boasts a classic Istanbul view.
Several analysts said the attack looked more like a jihadist-inspired attack.
"In terms of the soft-target aspects of this attack, it's a youthful place, a bar that's pretty well-known in particular to expats. It's sort of the lively area of Istanbul, and especially on New Year's Eve night -- all of those have hallmarks of ISIS-inspired, if not directed attacks to maximize casualties and get a lot of news around it," said Juliette Kayyem, CNN's national security analyst.
Turkey's recent tumult
Turkey has endured a recent wave of terrorist attacks, leaving many people wary.
"This attack is, of course, a horrible development, but not shocking to many Turks who chose to stay inside this New Year's Eve," said Aykan Erdemir, former member of the Turkish Parliament.
"Turkey is known to host these big parties to celebrate New Year's, but this year most citizens were wary of Islamist attacks so they chose to celebrate it at home with their friends."
He said the attack seemed similar to what happened at the Bataclan, a Paris concert hall that was attacked by gunmen in 2015.
"This is an attack on the Western lifestyle. This is an attack on Turkey's secular, urban way of living. And this will simply fuel the ongoing cultural clashes, the ongoing polarization in Turkey," Erdemir said.
The United States condemned the attack.
"That such an atrocity could be perpetrated upon innocent revelers, many of whom were celebrating New Year's Eve, underscores the savagery of the attackers," National Security Council spokesman Ned Price said in a statement.
The US State Department said the attacks like this one on its NATO ally "only reinforce our strong determination to work with the government of Turkey to counter the scourge of terrorism."
The US Embassy in Turkey warned citizens to avoid the area where the attack occurred.
A violent year
Turkey faces numerous battles across different fronts. Not only has the Syrian conflict and refugee crisis spilled over into Turkey, but Turkey is also battling ISIS and Kurdish militants.
Both have staged attacks in Turkey, which is still reeling from a bloody and failed military coup in July.
ISIS is suspected in a June attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport that left 44 people dead and an explosion at an August wedding, not far from the border with Syria, that killed at least 54 people.
Meanwhile, Turkish security forces clash on an almost daily basis with Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants, mostly in predominantly Kurdish parts of southeastern Turkey.
pair of bombings in Istanbul killed 44 people and wounded 155 others December 10 in an attack by a breakaway group of the PKK. The two explosions occurred after a heavily attended soccer game at Besiktas Vodafone Arena.
Poll: Obama's approval rating falls
President Obama (Photo11: Getty Images)
President Obama's support may be eroding amid reports of surveillance programs and Internal Revenue Service abuses.
A new CNN/ORC International poll gives Obama an approval rating of 45%, a drop of 8 percentage points over the past month.
Possible reasons: Reports of massive National Security Agency surveillance programs that gather phone numbers and Internet activity, the IRS targeting of conservative groups, and actions surrounding the Sept. 11 attack on a U.S. facility in Benghazi, Libya.
"The drop in Obama's support is fueled by a dramatic 17-point decline over the past month among people under 30, who, along with black Americans, had been the most loyal part of the Obama coalition," says CNN polling director Keating Holland.
Holland also said: "It is clear that revelations about NSA surveillance programs have damaged Obama's standing with the public, although older controversies like the IRS matter may have begun to take their toll as well."
Also from CNN:
"The poll indicates that for the first time in Obama's presidency, half of the public says they don't believe he is honest and trustworthy.
"And Americans are split on the controversial National Security Agency anti-terrorism program to record metadata on U.S. phone calls, but they support the NSA program that targets records of Internet usage by people in other countries.
"That doesn't mean they necessarily like what is going on: Just over six in 10 believe that government is so large and powerful that it threatens the rights and freedoms of ordinary Americans."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/11TNa86
Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-NY) and Fox News' Megyn Kelly this afternoon spent the better part of 10 minutes talking over each other on the White House's compromise with Republicans to temporarily extend the Bush-era tax cuts for all Americans.
Weiner lamented the fact that the House in the past two years has sent more than 200 bills to the Senate only to see them “die,” which he said makes it essentially impossible to get much of anything done.Earlier in the interview, Kelly demanded to know what Obama should have done to extend only the middle class tax cuts, a question Weiner had already addressed. But Kelly wasn't quite satisfied with his answer. So Weiner essentially repeated himself.
“My grievance with him is that he did not fight a vigorous enough battle for this … not just in the last week, not just in the last month, in the entire last year.”
Watch the entertaining exchange:
Healthy Baked Zucchini Fries – with a crispy “junk food” taste!
Do you count calories?
These crispy baked zucchini fries have just 35 calories per serving!
Even if you ate the entire recipe in a single serving—which would be quite a lot of fries!—it's still under 200 calories.
I used to think counting calories was a ridiculous waste of time and energy. Going by calories alone, a white rice cake would be a better snack choice for someone on a diet than a highly nutritious banana spread with a little peanut butter. However, in the years of writing this blog, I've met quite a few people who swear by counting calories, who say it's the only thing that's worked for them and that it offers a sense of routine and control, helping them lose unnecessary weight or make healthier choices. While I still don't personally count calories, I now at least respect the practice and concede that it might be the best option out there to help some people turn their lives around for the better.
If you don't count calories and think the idea of counting calories is a complete waste of time? You'll just fall in love with the crispy “junk food like” taste of these crispy baked fries. It's one thing on which calorie counters and carb-o-holics can agree:
These zucchini fries are almost impossible to stop eating!
Dip them in ranch, marinara sauce, or even my Healthy Ketchup Recipe.
I initially worried about trying these without the egg wash called for in most breaded recipes. But making egg-free and vegan zucchini fries turned out to be really simple and just as good as any egg-based breaded recipe I've ever tried.
I brought the zucchini fries to a Memorial Day barbecue… people were quite surprised I came with something other than dessert ;).
Crispy Baked Zucchini Fries
Crispy Healthy Baked Zucchini Fries Total Time: 20m Yield: 40-45 zucchini fries Print This Recipe 5/5 5 / 5 12 Ingredients 2-3 small zucchini, sliced into fry shapes
1/4 cup flour (I used chickpea flour to offer a gluten-free option, but I don't see why regular flour shouldn't also work.) (24g)
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp garlic powder
1/2 cup milk of choice
1 cup breadcrumbs (I made my own by toasting Ezekiel bread and processing it in a food processor. If you're gluten-free, use gf bread.) (40g) Instructions Zucchini fries recipe: Preheat oven to 420F. Lightly grease a cooling rack, place it on a baking tray, and set aside. Set up an assembly line: flour and spices in one bowl, milk in another, and breadcrumbs in a third. Dip each zucchini stick in the flour, then the milk, then the breadcrumbs. Place on the cooling rack. Bake 18-19 minutes, or until desired crispiness is reached. Makes 40-45 fries. View Zucchini Fries Nutrition Facts
Links Of The Day:
Deep Dish Cookie Pie
Chocolate Workout Brownies
The secretly healthy chocolate brownies high in protein, oil-free, and vegan!
5/5 (12) 5 / 5 12
Seeking to propel the US faster into the fray on curbing climate change, President Obama laid out an aggressive plan Tuesday to sharply curb smokestack emissions of existing coal-fired power plants and to double wind, solar, and other renewable energy production from today's levels.
Under a hot summer sun, wiping his brow repeatedly as if to underscore the presence of global climate change, Mr. Obama told an audience of students at Georgetown University that future generations of Americans – including their children – would have to live with the consequences of current US climate policy.
“We don't have time for a meeting of the flat earth society,” Obama said. “Sticking your head in the sand might make you feel safer, but it's not going to protect you from the coming storm. And ultimately, we will be judged as a people and as a society and as a country on where we go from here.”
Though welcoming any support from lawmakers, he said he would forge ahead even without help from Congress, which has not been able to pass a climate change bill since Obama took office.
In going it alone, the president framed his program in terms of what he could accomplish solely with regulatory power of the executive branch in three areas: cutting carbon pollution using the Clean Air Act; preparing the US for the worst impacts of climate change through investment in infrastructure and technology; and leading diplomatic efforts to address the issue internationally.
Measures, he said, would include developing new efficiency standards for buildings and appliances, expanding energy sources like solar and wind on public lands, and bolstering climate-change affected communities. It would also mean investments in a hardened power grid, highways, sea walls, and other infrastructure to prepare for more damaging storms and other impacts of global warming.
The fate of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline, he suggested, would be determined by whether or not it would contribute to global warming through a net increase in greenhouse gases – or not.
By far, the most significant and controversial part of the plan is his new mandate for the Environmental Protection Agency to develop regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions from both new and existing coal-fired power plants. It's that part of the plan that holds the potential to reap huge gains – slashing carbon emissions as much as 500 million tons a year, according to a recent study by the Natural Resources Defense Council.
The electric utility industry is the single largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States, accounting for one-third of total US greenhouse gas emissions and about 40 percent of all carbon pollution from fossil fuel burning.
Newly proposed power plants were already in the EPA's cross-hairs for greenhouse gas regulations under the Clean Air Act. But the president's move to expand such controls to existing plants can, all by itself, get Obama a long way toward his goal of a 17 percent reduction in US greenhouse gas emissions – from 2005 levels – by 2020.
There are, so far, precious few details on how the EPA will handle this mandate. But clues as to how it might happen can perhaps be found in recent reports by environmental groups – and in the president's speech.
Obama spoke about “directing the EPA to develop these standards in an open and transparent way, to provide flexibility to different states with different needs and build on the leadership that many states and cities and companies have already shown.”
That flexibility mandate could easily end up mirroring a state-by-state averaging approach to carbon emissions from power plants, which was detailed in an influential NRDC plan that appeared in December, several energy experts said.
Under that plan, EPA would, first, set state-specific emissions rates, “reflecting the diversity of the nation's electricity sector.” Second, it would give power plant owners and states broad flexibility to meet standards in the most cost-effective way. The EPA would then set emissions standards – the rate of carbon emissions – for power plants by first tallying the share of electricity generated by coal and gas-fired plants in each state during a set of baseline years – in the NRDC example, 2008-10. Then, the agency would set a target emission rate for each state for 2020, based on the state's baseline share of coal and gas generation.
Finally, the emissions standard for each state would be a cumulative, overall emission rate average of all fossil fuel plants in the state. Under that umbrella, an individual plant could emit at a higher or lower rate, the NRDC plan suggests.
“Under a plan the NRDC has proposed, the Environmental Protection Agency could develop safeguards under which each state would have its own carbon reduction target, tailored to its specific energy mix,” said President Frances Beinecke, in a statement this week. “Utilities would have the flexibility to find the most cost-effective way to hit the target.”
Computer modeling of the NRDC plan, which used the same model used by the EPA, suggests that if the EPA does follow this approach, the US could see a 26 percent cut in power plant emissions – and an overall reduction in the US carbon footprint of 10 percent by 2020 – the largest share of achieving the 17 percent reduction the president has called for.
But it could also mean closing many conventional power plants that can't meet even flexible emissions standards – and that worries the utility industry.
The electric generation fleet “is in the midst of a major transformation to a significantly cleaner fleet as a result of several factors,” acknowledged Tom Kuhn, president of the Edison Electric Institute, the trade group representing 70 percent of the US electric power industry.
Concerning the president's plan, the industry wants ”achievable compliance limits and deadlines,” he said, in a statement. “We look forward to working with the administration as it further develops its climate plan and with other key stakeholders, including Congress and the states, which will play a critical role in helping to forge workable regulations.”
Anticipating opposition in Congress and among industry groups, Obama took on his critics in advance, noting that past regulatory measures that cleaned up smog and acid raid were, at the time, predicted to have drastic impacts on the economy. That didn't happen, Obama said.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Now, what you will hear from the special interests and their allies in Congress are that this will kill jobs and crush the economy and basically end free enterprise as we know it,” Obama said. “The reason I know you'll hear those things is because that's what they've said every time America sets clear rules and better standards for our air and our water and our children's health. And every time, they've been wrong.”
The alternative, he noted, is that those in positions of responsibility “will need to be less concerned with the judgment of special interests and well-connected donors and more concerned with the judgment of posterity – because you and your children and your children's children will have to live with the consequences of our decisions.”
Vancouver City Council is expected to approve the third and final phase of the Cambie Corridor plan on Wednesday, that will see more affordable ground-level family homes built within a 10-minute walk of the Canada Line.
Specifically Phase 3 calls for a gentle transition from the higher density housing right on Cambie Street into the surrounding neighbourhoods, which are currently dominated by single-family homes.
"We see this as a key opportunity to achieve many city wide goals around livability, sustainability and affordability, said assistant city planner Susan Haid on Tuesday.
According to Haid, the new plan allows for more varied ground-oriented dwellings, such as townhomes and row housing, with two or three bedrooms for young families.
City planner Brian Jackson said they have also tried to avoid repeating mistakes made in plans for nearby Marpole, which upset many residents with changes to bring in higher density.
"We learned from that, that not all single-family neighbourhoods want to change," said Jackson.
It's going to take more than street smarts to thrive in the new GTA Online update.
The manufacture and distribution of illegal arms comes to Southern San Andreas next week on Tuesday June 13th in Gunrunning, the latest GTA Online update for PS4.
To thrive as an arms dealer in GTA Online: Gunrunning, it's going to take more than street smarts. Choose your supporting vehicles and armaments wisely for your best chance to outwit both the feds and rival dealers. Start moving weapons to eager buyers in Los Santos or Blaine County to earn a tidy profit and tap into powerful new upgrades, modifications and heavy-duty weaponry. Here's a look at just a few of the potent new tools at your disposal in Gunrunning. For more details on Gunrunning visit rockstargames.com/newswire.
Busy November for Skopje as Darwin Airline heads to Priština
Skopje Alexander the Great Airport handled 62.371 passengers in November, an increase of 11% compared to last year's 56.180. A total of 60.873 passengers were registered on scheduled flights, compared to 50.089 in November 2011 or an increase of 21.5%. The strong results were achieved due in part to Wizz Air, which opened a base in the Macedonian capital in late October. In November, the no frills carrier welcomed 15.565 passengers on its six newly launched routes from Skopje.The strong passenger growth comes on the back of a lacklustre October when numbers plummeted by 9%. With strong growth and the prospect of a further Wizz Air expansion next year, Skopje Alexander the Great Airport is likely to come close to handling one million passengers by the end of 2013, the first time in thirteen years. The airport welcomed a record 1.000.200 passengers in 2000. However, this impressive figure had more to do with the political turmoil in the region rather than natural growth. In 2011, Skopje welcomed 759.928 passengers through its doors, its best result since 2000.Meanwhile, the Swiss based Darwin Airline has announced it will be launching flights from Zurich and Geneva to Priština from December 14. Flights from Zurich will operate on a daily basis while services from Geneva will run twice per week. A Belle Air Airbus A319 will be used for the abovementioned flights. The airline will also launch services from Zurich and Geneva to Niš Constantine the Great Airport next week. Originally, flights were to be inaugurated tomorrow, however, the service launch has now been moved to December 22. The airline will operate services from Zurich and Geneva to Niš on its fifty seat Saab 2000 aircraft until January 20.
LONDON, May 24 (Reuters) - Commodities-related revenue at the 12 biggest investment banks fell 29 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2017 to its lowest in more than a decade, mainly due to weakness in the energy sector, a consultancy said on Wednesday.
Revenue from commodity trading, selling derivatives to investors and other activities in the sector fell to $800,000 million in the first three months of the year, financial industry analytics firm Coalition said in a report.
“The continued decline in revenues resulted in the lowest levels since 2006, predominantly due to poor performances in energy,” it said.
Coalition has been analysing bank data since 2006.
Banks' commodity revenue has been on a steady downward path in recent years as they have exited or downsized their commodity business due to heightened government regulation and poor performance from the sector.
In the fourth quarter, commodity revenue jumped 20-25 percent, largely due to an improvement in U.S. power and gas activity. But it declined 7 percent for the whole of 2016 due to weakness in the oil sector.
Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs , HSBC, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Société Générale and UBS. (Reporting by Eric Onstad; Editing by Mark Potter)
The second season of the “Walking Dead” spinoff “Fear the Walking Dead” premiered Sunday on AMC to huge ratings. It was the most-watched thing on Sunday on cable and broadcast. But taking a step back, it's a good time to appreciate just what the “Walking Dead” franchise has done for the two companies that distribute it, AMC Networks on television and Image Comics in print.
Namely, say what you will about the show or the comic book, but it's managed to fund a creative renaissance at two of the top producers of original content in their respective mediums.
That “The Walking Dead” is the top show on cable isn't exactly news. It's a scripted drama that somehow beats out live sports, which are usually the biggest draw on cable. Even “The Talking Dead,” the post-airing recap and discussion show hosted by Chris Hardwick, is the top-rated talk show on the tube.
Here are the day-of total viewers for each episode of “The Walking Dead,” from STVPlus+:
According to data from SNL Kagan, a television research company, AMC brought in an estimated $500 million in advertising revenue in 2015, up from $262 million in 2010, the year “The Walking Dead” premiered and when “Breaking Bad” and “Mad Men” were the chief boutique offerings for the network.
Indeed, AMC's financial documents directly underscore just how crucial the program has been for the network. According to AMC's most recent financial disclosures, advertising revenues increased by $102 million from 2013 to 2014 across all of its networks and by $181 million from 2014 to 2015. The company explicitly credited “The Walking Dead” for the increase. A hit like “The Walking Dead” can have major trickle-down effects as well, giving AMC more leverage when negotiating its bundle with distributors.
That “The Walking Dead” has been able to hold down substantial ratings and pull in the requisite coin has also given AMC the chance to invest in scripted dramas that other networks might have passed on, such as “Better Call Saul,” “Turn,” “Halt and Catch Fire,” and the forthcoming “Preacher” and “Feed the Beast.”
So “The Walking Dead” has helped fund a scripted renaissance on the small screen, but its effect on Image Comics, which publishes the comic, is even more pronounced.
“It's pretty apparent [that] the TV show's 2010 premiere coincided with dramatic growth in Image's market share in the comics shops,” said John Jackson Miller, a comics historian who tracks sales at Comichron. If “The Walking Dead” were its own company, Miller said, today it would have the seventh-highest market share in the entire comic shop market.
The success of the book, especially after its adaptation to TV, not only made Image lots of money, but also allowed the company to turn around and recruit other creators. “They were looking for that hit for a long time,” Miller said in a phone interview. “‘The Walking Dead' was that hit, and it was a proof of concept.” After the show came out, interest in “Walking Dead” blew up, and sales with it: Back in 2012, Miller said, “The Walking Dead” accounted for a massive 35 percent of Image's comic shop sales. That meant that Image could sell the success of “The Walking Dead” — the company's ability to nurture a concept into adaptations, for instance — to other creators.
But back to that “making lots of money” thing: The real success of “The Walking Dead” for Image has been in the trade paperback market, where comic book arcs are bundled into books and sold at bookstores in addition to comic shops. Trades of “The Walking Dead” are nearly permanent fixtures in the monthly Nielsen BookScan top-20 graphic novels list. This means a large revenue stream for Image — where “Walking Dead” creator Robert Kirkman was made a partner in 2008 — that can be used to fund new books.
This appears to have worked out: Although sales of “The Walking Dead” remain robust, the title's share of Image's comic shop sales dropped to 15 percent in 2015, Miller said. That's due to the success of Image's other post-“Walking Dead” hits, such as “Saga,” “Paper Girls,” “The Wicked + the Divine” and “Sex Criminals.”
Thanks to large sales of “The Walking Dead” in comic shops and even bigger sales of the collected trade paperbacks in bookstores, Miller said that Image — at first a home for the exiled intellectual property of seven comics creators — enjoyed a rebirth as the top independent publisher in the field two decades after its founding.
I'd end this article with a corny line connecting zombies to rebirth or some nonsense, but we're better than that. I don't care for the show or read the comic, but as a huge fan of “Better Call Saul” on AMC and “Saga” and “The Wicked + the Divine” at Image, I have to love “The Walking Dead.” In the end, it's funded a creative renaissance at two major production houses.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The first trailer for Battlefield 1's single-player campaign will be released tomorrow, September 27, EA has announced. While you'll have to wait another day to see the full video, EA has released an animated GIF from the trailer that teases out what you can expect.
In the GIF, we see what looks like a wartime photographer snapping a photo as the pilot flies upside down. The soldier on the ground nearly has his head ripped off. Take a look:
Your first look at the #Battlefield 1 Single Player is coming tomorrow.
Subscribe to see the trailer first: https://t.co/12s3stVZ5A pic.twitter.com/QQitM0Y4mt — Battlefield (@Battlefield) September 26, 2016
EA has not yet said much at all about Battlefield 1's single-player campaign, so fans may be happy that they may get some more answers tomorrow. In May, lead designer Daniel Berlin teased that the campaign may follow multiple different characters. It "will focus on different stories and different personalities across the world," he said.
One of the playable characters will be the Bedouin woman warrior from the game's announcement trailer. She also showed up in a subsequent trailer in a sequence related to Lawrence of Arabia
The African-American Harlem Hellfighter group may also be featured in the campaign. According to Berlin, EA's overall goal is to spotlight lesser-known elements of WWI.
"When we set out on this game, we wanted to depict not just the common view of what the war was like," he explained. "We wanted to challenge some preconceptions. We want to delve into some of the unknowns of WW1. Maybe people don't know that this person fought or that person fought, that this army was involved. We're stretching out and bringing all those stories into the game."
Battlefield 1 comes out on October 21 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. EA/Origin Access members can start playing on October 13, while people who buy the Early Enlister edition can get in on October 18.
The Xen Project, once a Citrix project, and now a Linux Foundation Collaborative Project , announced on March 10th the release of the Xen Project Hypervisor version 4.4 with enhanced ARM support. For both datacenter and cloud production managers this is big news. Xen is a very popular server-level virtualization program.
This latest release also includes major enterprise computing improvements for mobile and cloud environments where virtualization technology is increasingly in demand. For ARM in specific, the project claims that this "new release introduces significant stability, usability and performance improvements for the ARM architecture and extended hardware compatibility. AppliedMicro's X-Gene, the Arndale Board, Calxeda ECX-2000, TI OMAP5 and the Allwinner SunXi boards all now have support." All this means it will be much easier for hardware and embedded vendors to port the Xen Project technology to new ARM Systems on Chips (SoCs) easily.
A lot of this has come from major code contributions from AMD, Citrix, Intel, Oracle and SUSE. The reason they're doing this, Lars Kurth, Chairman of the Xen Project advisory board, explained in a statement, is that "Virtualization and low-powered servers are leading companies to rethink the datacenter and its potential for efficiency. Our solution contains IT-related costs, plus it meets the security and scalability needs of today's elastic cloud, mobile and social networking companies. The latest updates continue the Project's track record of rich collaboration and widespread development from many of the world's technology leaders. This certainly explains the significant growth of ARM support, which we're pleased to see advance so quickly."
There are more enhancements in this release. These include 64-bit guest support on ARMv8 platforms. Plus, all userspace tools, such as the xl domain management tool, can run on 64-bit systems and can be used to create 64-bit virtual machines (VM) out of the box. There's also extended support for ARM specific boot loaders and firmware interfaces, and support for physical partitions and Logical Volume Manager (LVM) volumes to store VM disks.
Lest you think this is all boring tech stuff with no relevance to your life, Xen is the VM hypervisor that powers Amazon EC2 and Rackspace Cloud and other top cloud services rely on Xen. Without Xen, a lot of today's most important cloud services wouldn't be in business.
Looking ahead, Xen is getting ready to give virtual desktops better support. Recognizing that high-availability and stability are critical to Virtual Desktop Infrastructures (VDIs) and cloud deployments, Citrix contributed the new event channel implementation to the Xen Project code-base. This, in theory, should enable the hypervisor to run thousands of guests on a single physical machine. In addition, Xen 4.4 has added more features to SPICE, an open-source video desktop protocol. These include clipboard sharing and USB redirection. The net result should be a much richer connection for virtual desktops with better graphics performance.
Put it all together and once more Xen, a quiet, invisible part of the virtualization and cloud world, will once more be enabling us to get ever more from our physical servers and their data-centers.
Related Stories:
Debuchy has played 10 Premier League games for Arsenal
Arsenal defender Mathieu Debuchy dislocated a shoulder during the 3-0 Premier League win against Stoke.
The Frenchman, 29, landed heavily after colliding with Stoke's Marko Arnautovic and was replaced by Hector Bellerin in the 13th minute at Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said: "It's dislocated so it will take a while. He will have to see a specialist."
Debuchy, who joined from Newcastle last July, has missed three months of the season with an ankle injury.
During that absence Calum Chambers and Bellerin deputised at right-back.
Debuchy receives treatment by the side of the pitch
Speaking after the game, Wenger confirmed Debuchy would not be fit by next week.
An ongoing ankle injury to left-back Kieran Gibbs may influence his activity in the January transfer window.
"Nacho Monreal and Debuchy can play centre-back. But if Gibbs is not here, Monreal cannot play centre-back and if Debuchy is not here, he cannot play centre-back.
"This is a position where we are short."
Chambers was also absent from the win against Stoke through illness.
Three bonus tracks will feature on special release
The deluxe edition tracklist for Noel Gallagher‘s new album ‘Chasing Yesterday' has been revealed.
Gallagher announced details of his new album, which will be released on March 2, 2015 under the name of Noel Gallagher & The High Flying Birds, during a Facebook Q&A in London earlier this week (October 13).
The album, which features new single ‘In The Heat Of The Moment' plus Johnny Marr on the track ‘Ballad Of The Mighty I' will feature three additional tracks for those who purchase the deluxe edition. These tracks are titled ‘Do The Damage', ‘Revolution Song' and ‘Freaky Teeth'. See below for a full tracklist.
In addition to the album, details of a UK arena tour were also announced with dates in London, Manchester, Glasgow, Nottingham and Belfast. Tickets go on sale from 9am this morning (October 17). Scroll down for full details.
In Pictures: Noel Gallagher's 12 Most Memorable Lyrics About Life
‘Chasing Yesterday' tracklist
‘Riverman'
‘In The Heat Of The Moment'
‘The Girl With X-Ray Eyes'
‘Lock All The Doors'
‘The Dying Of The Light'
‘The Right Stuff'
‘While The Song Remains The Same'
‘The Mexican'
‘You Know We Can't Go Back'
‘Ballad Of The Mighty I'
‘Do The Damage' (Bonus Track)
‘Revolution Song' (Bonus Track)
‘Freaky Teeth' (Bonus Track)
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Noel Gallagher will play:
Belfast, Odyssey Arena (March 3)
Dublin, 3 Arena (4)
Nottingham, Capital FM Arena (6)
Glasgow, The SSE Hydro (7)
Manchester, Arena, (9)
London, O2 Arena (10)
Tickets are available here
This year, Oasis' first two albums – ‘Definitely Maybe' and ‘(What's The Story) Morning Glory?' – have been reissued. NME's newest Collector's Edition is an attempt to bottle up and present the wild spirit of those times. Over 100 pages it tells the story of every song they wrote, recorded and released during the time, delves into the NME, Melody Maker and VOX archives to pick out some classic interviews, and builds up to the peak of their career: playing to a quarter of a million people at Knebworth Park in August 1996.
Download this issue here OR order the print copy here
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=3813015408001
ST. LOUIS — Jason Hammel is pitching like an All-Star again — the way he did as a sign-and-flip guy in 2014 and a rotation anchor for last year's playoff team — so the question for the Cubs now becomes: Is this sustainable?
Hammel doesn't look at it that way, not after clearing his head during the offseason, altering his training program and refocusing for a World Series contender. He wants more.
Hammel 2.0 handled the St. Louis Cardinals during Tuesday night's 12-3 victory at Busch Stadium, working into the eighth inning for the first time this year, allowing only one run and tying his season-high pitch count (103).
“I do feel different,” said Hammel (6-1, 2.17 ERA). “I'm definitely not happy with the walks. I know I can do better, as long as I clean that up. I still think the timing's off with the delivery that I've adapted to now.
“But I'm not thinking that far down the road right now. I'm just going game by game, pitch by pitch. I think that's going to be the right mentality for me. Instead of: ‘Don't falter.'
“I'm not a negative thinker anymore. I'm just going to stay positive. We're going to stay here and now and be present.”
Hammel described his outing as “effectively wild” and joked about his second three-game hitting streak: “Who's counting?” It also helped that the Cubs built a six-run lead before he threw his first pitch, so manager Joe Maddon wouldn't be so quick to turn the game over to the bullpen.
Hammel excelled for the Cubs in 2014, going 8-5 with a 2.98 ERA in his first 17 starts before getting packaged with Jeff Samardzija in the Addison Russell blockbuster trade with the Oakland A's. But Hammel found it difficult to uproot his family midseason and struggled to make a quick adjustment to Oakland, finishing at 2-6 with a 4.26 ERA in the American League.
Hammel got off to another hot start last season (2.86 ERA in 103-plus innings) before a leg injury messed with his mechanics and led to a breakdown after the All-Star break (5.10 ERA in 67 innings).
“I believe it's sustainable, absolutely,” Maddon said. “The biggest thing, again, is if he knows where his fastball is going, he will pitch deeply into a lot of games, because his ball's got great movement on it. So there's a lot of mishits, and also his breaking ball is really good.”
Hammel understands his importance to this team, how carrying this momentum all the way through to the finish line would be huge for the 2016 Cubs.
“I don't see why not,” catcher David Ross said. “He was our best starter last year in the first half. That says a lot with the group that's in this room.
“He does a good job of keeping those guys off-balance and making the pitches when he needs to. He just looks a lot more sound mechanically. Even when he gets out of whack, he finds his way back into the count.”
FAST-TRACK the implementation of the P50-billion Metro Cebu Expressway project, which will traverse Naga City in southern Cebu to Danao City in northern Cebu, as this will ease traffic in Metro Cebu.
Incumbent Naga City Mayor Kristine Vanessa Chiong made this appeal as she and several local government officials welcomed the plan of the Department of Public Works and Highways in Central Visayas (DPWH-7) to start the project by next year.
Chiong, in a text message sent to Cebu Daily News yesterday, said the project would not only decongest traffic, particularly in the southern portion of Metro Cebu in which Naga City is included, but it would also foster growth in their city's business sector.
“It's a welcome development to ease the worsening traffic in the South of Cebu, and hopefully this will also pave way for more businesses to invest here in Naga City. … It's definitely good for Naga and the Nagahanons,” said Chiong.
The project was proposed last May, but on Sunday, engineers from DPWH-7 announced that its implementation is expected to start next year. The Expressway project was designed to shorten the usual travel time between the two cities from three hours to one hour only.
The DPWH-7 engineers also hoped that the project would be completed before the term of President Rodrigo Duterte would end on 2022.
Big help
Gov. Hilario Davide III said that the proposed project would serve as a big help to solve the growing traffic problem in Metro Cebu.
“Maayo na (That's great). And (good thing) that it will be materialized because if it does, I think that would really cut travel time (from Naga to Danao), and will ease traffic particularly in the (outskirts) of Metro Cebu. We welcome that,” said Davide.
Looking forward
Cebu's 1st District Rep. Gerald Anthony “Samsam” Gullas said he is looking forward for the project to come into fruition.
“We are looking forward to this project, and (together) with Talisay-Minglanilla-Naga Coastal Road, it will surely help the traffic situation in my district,” said Gullas.
Last June, the DPWH-7 also announced its plans to construct the P16-billion Bypass Road that will traverse across the coastal barangays (villages) of Talisay City, Minglanilla and Naga City. It was intended to ease the now-growing vehicular volume in the southern portions of Metro Cebu.
The project, whose funds will be sourced from the national government, is currently pending review from the National Economic and Development Authority (Neda).
The unveiling of the Bypass Road came a month after DPWH Secretary Mark Villar announced the implementation of the Metro Cebu Expressway on May, and whose feasibility studies for the project had been completed earlier this year.
Villar expressed optimism that the Expressway would be finished before the end of President Duterte's term in 2022.
Consultations
Meanwhile, Cebu City barangay officials said that the initial consultations were already done regarding the implementation of Metro Cebu Expressway project.
According to Association of Barangay Councils (ABC) President Philip Zafra, the DPWH-7 already met with some barangay officials and representatives earlier this year regarding the project which is expected to start by next year.
“There was already initial consultation and the identification of the area. This is similar to the transaxial project of the province although it is shorter,” Zafra said.
He added that they were told by DPWH-7 officials that the alignment of the expressway are mostly located in the mountainous areas of the barangays in Cebu City.
Zafra, who is the barangay captain of Tisa, said this is a welcome development as development could be diverted in the mountain barangays.
It is also easier in Cebu City considering that the city government has already done several road opening and road improvements in the mountain barangays.
“This will pass through the mountain sitios of Tisa. This is indeed a good news to address the nagging problem of street congestion and traffic. People are longing for this,” he said.
Lower cost
The expressway project, which is expected by DPWH-7 officials to cost lower at around P20 billion, is expected to cut travel time fro Naga City to Danao City to only one hour compared to the usual three hours.
DPWH-7 planning division head Engr. Nonato Paylado said that an initial P300-million allocation has been included in their budget for 2018.
The amount will be used for both initial civil works and right of way acquisition for segment 3 of the project which will be from Naga City to Minglanilla town.
Although he did not divulge details, Paylado confirmed that the alignment of the expressway is mostly located along mountain slopes and within mountain barangays.
“There is a proposal of a tunnel but not final yet. It is along the section somewhere in the mountain barangay of Cebu City. That is all for now,” he said.
For his part, Zafra said the barangay officials of the city who attended the consultation were also supportive of the project which is envisioned by the DPWH to be finished before the term of President Rodrigo Duterte ends on 2022.
Personally, Zafra said the project will also be beneficial since it would also cut his travel time from Barangay Tisa going to his home in Consolacion town.
Advertisement Chase for the Stanley Cup continues: Penguins take series over Rangers Penguins 6, Rangers 3 Share Copy Link Copy
Mike Sullivan was right. The past is the past for the Pittsburgh Penguins.Pittsburgh ended its postseason hex against the New York Rangers emphatically Saturday, lighting up Henrik Lundqvist in a remarkably easy 6-3 rout in Game 5 to win the series 4-1 and advance to the Eastern Conference semifinals.Rookie Bryan Rust scored twice during a four-goal burst in the second period and Matt Murray made 38 saves for the Penguins. Pittsburgh which outscored the Rangers 14-4 over the final three games to gain a measure of revenge after New York ended the Penguins' seasons each of the last two years.Not this time. Matt Cullen, Carl Hagelin, Conor Sheary and Phil Kessel also scored for the Penguins to end a miserable and brief postseason for Lundqvist, who stopped just 17 of 23 shots and failed to make it to the third period for the third time in the series.Sullivan kept insisting his team's previous playoff meltdowns against the Rangers had no bearing this time around, pointing to a remade roster infused with inexperience and unburdened by previous playoff disappointments. Yet there was a tinge of "uh oh" as New York beat Murray twice in the opening 10:35, doubling its output against him in the previous six periods combined.The 21-year-old Murray dazzled in his first two playoff starts, turning away 47 of the 48 shots in Pittsburgh victories in Games 3 and 4, wins that gave the Penguins control of the series while simultaneously putting the Rangers in a comfortably familiar position. New York's resiliency when facing elimination has practically become a rite of spring for the Rangers, who came in to Saturday 15-4 in situations when a loss would end their season, a run that includes rallying from a 3-1 deficit two years ago against Pittsburgh in the Eastern Conference semifinals, a comeback that sent the Penguins and their star-laden roster into an 18-month malaise that didn't break until Sullivan's arrival as head coach in mid-December.Consider the funk officially over following a 20-minute clinic in the second period that showcased how Sullivan's system - which focuses on playing end-to-end instead of side-to-side - and some midseason roster tweaking by general manager Jim Rutherford have returned Pittsburgh to legitimate Stanley Cup contender status.Tied at two, the Penguins simply skated by the older, slower and decidedly lethargic Rangers. Rust gave Pittsburgh the lead for good by tapping in a pretty feed from Trevor Daley at the top of the slot, the defenseman faking a shot before sliding a pass to Rust at the doorstep 5:21 into the second. The 39-year-old Cullen doubled the Penguins' advantage just over four minutes later when Rust's aggressive forechecking took two Rangers off the puck and left it sitting there for Cullen to whip over Lundqvist's glove.Sheary pushed it to 5-2 when Sidney Crosby skated into the New York zone, drew the Rangers' attention then fed it to the streaking Sheary, whose shot zipped into the top corner. By the time Rust finished off a 2-on-1 by burying a saucer pass from Evgeni Malkin to give the Penguins more cushion than Murray would possibly need, the 421st consecutive sellout at Consol Energy Center was giddily chanting "Hen-rik! Hen-rik!" at the person most responsible for Pittsburgh's recent playoff anguish.Instead this time it will be the Rangers who head into the offseason with questions after losing four games to goaltenders who entered the playoffs with zero combined postseason starts.Jeff Zatkoff sparkled in Game 1 to give the Penguins the early momentum, a game in which Lundqvist exited following the first period after getting scratched in the right eye by a teammate's stick. Lundqvist returned to help the Rangers even the series, but it would be New York's last stand. The Rangers were dreadful at Madison Square Garden, stymied by Murray and Pittsburgh's seemingly relentless pressure. When the Penguins' second-period deluge subsided, Lundqvist spent the final 20 minutes of New York's forgettable postseason on the bench in favor of backup Antti Raanta.NOTES: Rick Nash, Dominic Moore and Chris Kreider scored for the Rangers. ... Pittsburgh finished the series 8 of 21 on the power play. The Rangers were 2 of 19 with the man advantage. ... The Rangers scratched Tanner Glass and opted to go with seven defensemen rather than the usual six.10929024Get the WTAE Pittsburgh's Action News 4 App
It is black, dark and loud. Emergency lights and searchlights are switched off. Cell phones and laptops are prohibited. We are speeding toward the ground, in a steep, winding trajectory. In the end, we land softly as a feather. "The Russians know what they're doing," goes through my mind, and the thought alleviates my initial fear.
It is an exceptional journey through Syria, because participation is by invitation of the Russian military only. Let me be frank: If you agree to go on such a trip, then you are aware of the fact that the Russian military will show only what it wants to show. After all, the Russian army is actively participating in the war and is fighting alongside President Bashar al-Assad's troops. Yet the opportunity to gain such a unique perspective does not often arise for a reporter. That is why I have accepted the invitation.
Juri Rescheto, Moscow correspondent for DW
Russia's Hemeimeem air base in western Syria looks like a maximum security unit. Even when you need to use the bathroom, you go in small groups accompanied by a polite sharpshooter. We do not stay there for long. After a sleepless night full of uncertainty during the long flight from Russia to Syria, we already move on again in the early hours of the morning, headed for the next military airport. This time, a two-hour helicopter flight takes me through central Syria over areas controlled by the jihadists: "Islamic State" (IS), al-Nusra and al Qaeda. We fly very low, sometimes only 20 meters (66 feet) above the ground, as we see on the aircraft flight instruments. I feel as though it is even lower: as though we are about to touch the desert at any moment.
Chief witnesses to Russian aid
"The helicopter is agile and quick, but also an easy target for the enemy, if it is discovered, of course. You can hide better between the hills," explains Igor Konashenkov, the Russian defense ministry spokesman, to the droning roar of the rotor.
The ancient city of Palmyra is our first stop and the most spectacular one. During its year in the hands of IS, the world-famous ruins faced destruction. Now, a dozen Western journalists "embedded" like me with the Russian army will see what the Russians are doing here. From the Russian perspective, they are doing nothing but good. With reconnaissance work, training and technological consulting, they have helped Assad's troops recapture Palmyra from IS. Now they are clearing mines, the deadly traps left behind everywhere by IS: in walls and ceilings, behind columns and even in the ground under the asphalt. When we arrive, a mine-clearing team consisting of around a dozen people are already there. Centimeter by centimeter, they scan the ground. We are allowed to watch them working as long as necessary. The images are to speak for themselves; they will be seen around the world.
There are various spellings for Hemeimeem, Russia's military base in Syria
Guarded by sharpshooters
The journey continues in a so-called pod: That is what armored passenger vehicles are called here. It is stuffy and cramped; you can see everything outside through small round holes the size of tennis balls.
We reach Qaryatain, a small town in the desert that was still held by the terrorist group IS just four days before. The city must have once been beautiful, but not much is left of this beauty. Qaryatain, which means "two villages," looks like a ghost town today. A year ago, 14,000 people lived here, most of them Sunnis and Syrian Christians. One night in August last year, IS terrorists arrived, abducted 250 people and occupied the city.
Now a handful of Western reporters, guarded by a handful of Russian snipers, are walking around here.
Symbolic gestures
Whether coincidentally or not, aid packages from a Russian military truck have arrived at the market square and are being handed out when we arrive. Around 100 people, mostly men, stand patiently in line. They look exhausted. Russians have already supplied the needy with 15 tons of food, according to their own accounts. "Russia is with you!" says a Russian officer and shows me a bag. "That's what's written on it in both Russian and Arabic. Everyone gets two kilos of rice, two cans of beef, two cans of fish, sardines and two kilos of sugar." Two flags fly over the truck, a Russian one and a Syrian one. The image is symbolic and memorable.
Historic Palmyra is full of mines left by IS
The Syrians we speak to express their gratitude to Assad's troops and the Russian army. They see both parties as their liberators. "I came back immediately when I found out that IS is gone," says 72-year-old Abdurahim Abdalla. The jihadists took control of Qaryatain in August 2015. Mr. Abdalla is wearing a Bedouin scarf on his head and has a single visible tooth in his mouth. He left his home town and moved to Damascus to stay with relatives. Many of the 14,000 residents did the same. Those who stayed because they could not escape had to pay IS. "Those who could not pay were kidnapped, tortured and killed," recounts Father Jack Murat, a priest of the Syrian Catholic Church in Qaryatain.
Syrian mosaic
The Syrian flag now flies above the entrance to the church to show visitors who are in charge. Up until four days ago, IS had its command center at this Christian site. That is probably the only reason why the church in Al-Qaryatain remained largely unscathed, with the exception of the altar and the adjacent graveyard.
Right now, a church service is unthinkable, but at least the scriptures are still there. They are lying on the floor and in bookshelves. Candles are burning and there is a withered rose. Our arrival was much awaited, and people are delighted. A high-ranking clergyman speaks of a new beginning and of hope. His words sound melodramatic, but his joy is genuine. What effect do the crimes of IS terrorists acting in the name of Islam have on the co-existence of Christians and Muslims? That is what I ask a petite woman praying quietly in the back of the church. "We in Syria have always lived together," she replies. "I cannot imagine anything else. Syria is like a mosaic and we are all its stones. If one of these stones is eliminated, the whole mosaic will be affected."
Many Syrian civilians are gradually returning to Palmyra, much of which has been badly damaged
Torture chamber in the church
Many stones are lying around in the back rooms of the church. They come from the large hole in the wall that was probably made when Syrian troops recaptured the town. And there are shoes, many shoes. "They come from the terrorists," says Father Jack. IS militiamen probably used the dusty kettles, dishes and water containers scattered on the ground. IS set up a prison and a torture chamber in the catacombs of the church. "The church is the most peaceful place in the world," sighs Father Jack quietly. "It radiates nothing but goodness. But knowing what has been done here, of all places, my heart bleeds."
Accompanied by the Russian special forces, we leave Qaryatain. I am glad to have their protection, because the ceasefire is broken every day. We all notice this when we suddenly hear gunfire. Black smoke rises. "We have to hurry," says General Konashenkov. The return trip to the Hemeimeem air base is faster. Night vision devices are used on our flight back to the Russian maximum security unit - in the middle of Syria.
After many drama-filled turbulent years, Peter Sunde, the infamous Pirate Bay spokesman, has resigned. Citing a complete lack of time, Peter says he wants to concentrate on new things, including several projects and a book. "I am leaving a role in order to be a person instead," he said.
In perhaps not a completely unexpected move, Peter Sunde, the public voice of The Pirate Bay, has announced his retirement as site spokesman. With the sale of The Pirate Bay to Sweden's Global Gaming Factory still promised for the final days of August, it's doubtful whether his unique blend of abilities would be compatible with their immediate business strategy, if the deal sails through.
But of course, being involved with the running of The Pirate Bay means there is little time for anything else and this is the main reason cited by Peter behind his decision to quit – he wants time to do other things.
“I want to build something new and I want to focus my energy in a different direction. I have projects waiting to be finished, a book is waiting to be finalized and many more books are waiting to be read,” he said.
Touching briefly on the challenges facing the site's operators, Peter – who is known to millions of Internet users as brokep – said that they had “been raised to another level” adding that it's “time for biological dispersal.”
Promising not to give up his battle in pressing for a better Internet, Peter says his resignation marks the end of an era, “..but I am simply leaving a role in order to be a person instead,” he said.
BitTorrent will miss you – Good luck Peter!
Abbott's 'reckless' offer pushed Wilkie to Labor
Updated
Independent MP Andrew Wilkie has questioned Opposition Leader Tony Abbott's judgement in making a $1 billion offer to rebuild the Royal Hobart Hospital, describing it as "almost reckless".
Mr Wilkie yesterday announced he would support Prime Minister Julia Gillard's attempt to form government because he believed Labor would better be able to offer a stable, competent and ethical government.
And he told ABC 1's 7.30 Report Mr Abbott may be regretting making his hospital an offer in light of a potential $11 billion shortfall in Coalition costings.
"I think he might be having a different view tonight about who he should've made that offer to, because as generous as it was, it was almost intoxicating to look at a piece of paper that offered me $1 billion," he said.
"But I very quickly came to the conclusion that it was almost a reckless offer because there was no indication of where that money might've come from; there was no suggestion it was part of some normal process that is in place for raising or for allocating funds.
"And there's also the problem that it was against a backdrop of a big black hole in the Coalition's election promises."
He says Labor's more modest offer of $340 million showed a commitment to process which was lacking in the Coalition.
"That $1 billion was very attractive initially but the gloss soon wore off," he said.
"Now I compare that with the ALP's pledge to allocate some $340 million to rebuild the Royal Hobart Hospital, but that is through the normal process of a grant from the health and hospitals fund.
"So it is abiding by process. It is a more modest and realistic sum at a time when the federal budget is under a little bit of strain and struggling to get back to surplus.
"And importantly, I managed to negotiate something which is quite equitable. By bringing forward the next round of health and hospital fund, it means something like $1.8 billion will be released to go to hospitals around the country, including $340 million for the Hobart hospital."
Sticking to their guns
But Opposition finance spokesman Andrew Robb says Mr Wilkie provided the figure and the Coalition was well-placed to fund the rebuild.
"It was on his advice the most important program for his electorate and for Tasmania from his point of view," he said.
"It was Andrew Wilkie who said to Tony Abbott 'We need a new hospital, the state has not got any money and we could need up to a $1 billion to produce that hospital'.
"That hospital - in fact any concessions we seek to make to the various independents... - [will] be paid out of savings that we have identified throughout this budget process."
Mr Robb also contested the Treasury costings of Coalition election promises, which show a potential shortfall of between $7 billion and $11 billion.
"We reject outright that our costings are under threat," he said.
"We had three or four hours with Treasury yesterday... and what we discovered in that discussion was that it wasn't a question in error of costings, there was simply differences of opinion about assumptions."
And he said the $1 billion offer for the hospital remained on the table despite Mr Wilkie siding with Ms Gillard.
"That is now a project that we will factor into our long-term spending program," he said.
Mr Wilkie has also indicated he would be willing to work with the Coalition in the event Mr Abbott is able to form government.
"I'm actually confident that, even if Tony Abbott becomes prime minister, I will be in a position to influence policy and in a position to get some good outcomes for my electorate of Denison," he said.
Keeping mum
The other potential kingmakers are continuing to hold their counsel, telling Sky News they hope to make a decision early next week.
In a wide ranging interview, the independent MPs Tony Windsor, Rob Oakeshott and Bob Katter refused to indicate which way they are likely to vote.
However Mr Oakeshott said the issue of the Coalition's costings would weigh on their decision making process.
"You're going to expect more mistakes in an opposition package than a government package, but somewhere up to a $10.5 billion miss is a big miss," he said.
When quizzed about the role of the Greens in Senate both Mr Winsdor and Mr Oakeshott expressed optimism about their ability to work constructively on rural and environmental issues.
"A lot of people in the country are concerned about the Greens, I'm not. In fact over time I've developed a good relationship with Bob Brown," Mr Windsor said.
"We've got to recognise that every environmental policy is not necessarily bad. I don't agree with everything the Greens do, but I'm not petrified about the circumstances of them being in the Senate.
"I say to the farm groups that these people are going to be in a very prominent position in the Senate for some years. Rather than just write them off as being just anti-agriculture, which in my view they're not, go and talk to them, go and raise the issues."
And even self-described anti-Green Bob Katter said there were areas of policy that he agreed with the Greens on, such as restricting food imports, biofuels and the power of the major supermarket chains.
"I was surprised that there was common ground and very aggressive common ground. That's common ground with us, but not with the major parties I might add," he said.
The political horsetrading is expected to take a back seat today as Ms Gillard and Mr Abbott attend the funeral of the latest soldier to be killed in Afghanistan.
Topics: federal-elections, government-and-politics, elections, federal-government, hobart-7000, australia, tas
First posted
NEW YORK (Official Release) – The NBA announced today that it will expand use of the Replay Center beginning with the 2016-17 regular season.
This season, active referees in the NBA Replay Center will be responsible for determining the outcome of all replay situations except for player altercations and flagrant fouls, which will continue to be decided by on-court referees. Examples of replays that will now be determined by the NBA Replay Center are foul calls coinciding with shot-clock violations as well as clear-path and end-of-quarter fouls.
Last season, the second year for the state-of-the-art NBA Replay Center in Secaucus, N.J., current referees were added to the Replay Center for all games to make decisions on certain replay situations and facilitate the on-court review of others. The Replay Center ruled on 72 percent of all replays and the average review time for all replays was 31.9 seconds, a reduction of nearly 25 percent from the 2014-15 season (42.0 seconds).
For the 2016-17 season, on-court referees will continue to trigger all replay reviews. Replays determined by referees in the Replay Center will continue to be communicated to an on-court referee for administration of the call. The current standard for overturning a call made on the floor (“clear and convincing evidence”) will remain for all replay reviews.
The expanded use of the NBA Replay Center was unanimously approved by the Board of Governors. Measures to extend both the coaching box and the players' substitution box were also approved.
In July, the Board of Governors approved rules changes for the 2016-17 season pertaining to deliberate away-from-the-play fouls.
Sunset Song (2015)
L ast week, just before the release of his new film
beloved filmmaker Terence Davies (widely considered to be Britain's greatest living auteur) stopped by the Criterion kitchen for lunch. Davies's films—from his melancholy autobiographical drama
to his devastating adaptation of Terence Ratigan's
—are layered studies of human emotion, exposing both the depths of suffering and the joys that make life worth living. An unsurprisingly quick-witted and passionate conversationalist, Davies was quite simply a pleasure to be around—and he became especially animated when our discussion drifted toward two of his great loves: the plays of Anton Chekhov and musicals from the 1950s.
We spoke to Davies about a range of topics, his affection for theater, the films he'll never forget, and his idols. And as we sat down to eat, we jumped right in.
I know you absolutely adore Doris Day—have you met her? No—I don't want to be disappointed. Gena Rowlands once said to me, “I can get you an introduction,” and I said, “I don't want one. I want to remember her as I saw her in those wonderful musicals when I was growing up," because I do love her, I really do love her. Is there anyone else you've idolized in that way? Yes, but they're all dead. Oh, I would have loved to have met Thelma Ritter. She was nominated six times and never won—she deserved to win. Are there any up-and-coming English filmmakers you find intriguing? I don't go to the cinema anymore. I can't suspend my disbelief. When you make films, you become conscious of everything, because of your syntax—the shots, where's the logic of the sequence—especially when they cut all over the place.
The Long Day Closes (1992)
No, over the years it's progressed, especially with directors working with the same people, giving the same dull performances—you think, stop acting! Why would you want to watch the same performance? Why? It's dull. Since you're not seeing new films, which old ones are you revisiting? They tend to be the ones I discovered in my teens and twenties. A lot of the old films you couldn't see then, there was no kind of art cinema, and so you saw them on the television. On Sunday afternoon, BBC One had a series called Love Story, and they showed Letter from an Unknown Woman, The Heiress, and they were revelations! And then I would go to see them when they were screened in London. But I just can't suspend my disbelief anymore. I'm only ever drawn to a story that I can see—if I can see it, then I know what to do with it. If I can't see it on the page, there's no point for me. The films I love, I can remember where I saw them, the route I took, and where I sat—and it's that vivid. They have a sort of wonderful glow about them. And some of them are terrible, but I don't care! I always cry in Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing when she runs up the hill at the end. I do think cinema has changed, because once you move out of the studio and do things in real locations it changes the writing and it changes acting, it just does. It's very interesting. I was watching Murder, She Wrote, and June Allyson and Van Johnson have a scene together, and they were acting as if they were in a studio in the late forties, early fifties—you don't see acting like that anymore, you just don't! What was the first movie you fell in love with? When I was seven I saw Singin' in the Rain—how could you not love it? Jean Hagen gives one of the great comic performances.
Davies on the set of Sunset Song (2015)
Related Films The Long Day Closes Terence Davies
Sunset Song,
September 24, 2017 — A Volvo XC90 Android Auto lawsuit alleges the SUVs were marketed and sold as being compatible with the Android Auto feature when in fact they are not.
Android Auto is described as a smartphone application for Google Android cell phones and designed to work with the display screen of the Google Android user's car. A user can control their smartphone through the car's touchscreen display, steering wheel buttons and by voice commands.
Volvo's marketing materials allegedly pushed the in-car technology user interface called “Sensus” that was, or would eventually be, compatible with Android Auto.
Plaintiff Robert Middien claims Volvo started selling Volvo XC90 crossover SUVs in 2014, and in 2015 Volvo began selling the 2016 XC90, but did not sell a 2015 XC90.
The plaintiff claims Volvo specifically focused on the Sensus system by emphasizing its compatibility with Android Auto. But the plaintiff says Volvo would sometimes falsely market that Sensus on the Volvo XC90 was compatible with Android Auto, yet at other times Volvo would advertise that Sensus would eventually be compatible with Android Auto in the future.
However, the lawsuit alleges the Sensus never was, and never will be, compatible with Android Auto in XC90s SUVs.
In December 2016, Volvo added Android Auto to the 2017 XC90s and offered upgrades to create compatibility with Android Auto. However, those upgrades were only available for 2017 XC90 models that had been built after April 2016 and allegedly not available for any 2016 models.
The plaintiff says Volvo now admits on its website the Sensus system on the 2016 XC90 is not and never will be compatible with Android Auto.
The lawsuit includes this alleged statement from Volvo:
"For installation of Android Auto to be possible, the car must be equipped with two USB ports (USB hub). If the car has only one USB port then it is not possible to use Android Auto. It is not possible to install Android Auto on the XC90 or XC90 Twin Engine model year 2016 since they do not have the USB hub. It is not possible to retrofit the USB hub on these models."
According to the plaintiff, the 2014 and 2016 Volvo XC90s have only one USB port and it's not possible to install Android Auto and impossible to retrofit the USB hubs.
In addition, the lawsuit alleges the 2017 Volvo XC90s manufactured before April 2016 also have only one USB port, making it impossible to install Android Auto.
The plaintiff says about 29,000 SUVs are affected by the problem, and every owner and lessee paid too much for their SUVs that were marketed as compatible with Android Auto.
The proposed class-action lawsuit includes all U.S. consumers who purchased or leased a new 2014 or 2016 Volvo XC90 or a new 2017 Volvo XC90 with a Sensus systems incompatible with Android Auto.
The Volvo XC90 Android Auto lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts - Robert Middien, et. al., v. Volvo Cars of North America, LLC.
The plaintiff is represented by Shapiro Haber & Urmy LLP.
In a Western system, Mr. Bo might be called a populist. In China, where lockstep unity is a foundation of the party's claim on power, he was a fearsome unknown.
“The concern was not that Bo would change the delicate balance of power, but that he would lead the party completely out of control,” said Cheng Li, an expert on China's elite at the Brookings Institution in Washington. “It's more than a power struggle. It's a corresponding interest to maintain the legitimacy of the Communist Party — to survive.”
Wu Si, a liberal intellectual and editor based in Beijing, said in an interview: “What in actuality are the rules of transferring power at the highest levels now? It's not clear.”
“But Bo Xilai seemed to be heading down a new road,” Mr. Wu said.
Mr. Bo is mostly identified as the charismatic darling of China's new left, the intellectuals and policy wonks who argue that China should use state power to assure social equality and enforce a culture of moral purity and nationalism. Mr. Bo's policies in Chongqing, from the mass singing of Mao-era songs to his pitiless anticorruption campaign, were conceived with the help of leftist theorists at the government-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing.
But Mr. Bo was also adaptable. As mayor of Dalian in the 1990s, he sought to remake the northeastern coastal megalopolis into a new Singapore. To waves of favorable publicity, his government rewarded citizens who reported rude taxi drivers and fined those who uttered unpleasantries like “nao you bing,” or, roughly, “numbskull.”
In Dalian, and in Chongqing, he could pursue liberal causes as easily as leftist ones. He proposed experimenting with direct elections in local townships, courted foreign investment, mounted aggressive tree-planting and pollution cleanup campaigns and built low-income housing.
Only Prime Minister Wen Jiabao, who has cultivated an image as the caring grandfather figure of the national leadership, rivaled Mr. Bo's popularity. But while the modest Mr. Wen was always careful to show his loyalty to the party's central command, Mr. Bo often seemed to appeal to the disenfranchised masses who longed for someone to shake things up.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Bo Xilai was differentiating himself from other leaders in a very conspicuous way,” Susan Shirk, a scholar of the Chinese elite at the University of California at San Diego, said in a recent interview. “His style of politicking was antithetical and threatening to a political oligarchy that was trying to keep the competition among themselves hidden from the general public.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Bo's ambition and abrasive style made some enemies in the elite, notably Mr. Wen. His posting in 2007 to Chongqing, deep in China's interior, was seen by some as an effort to sideline him. Instead, it became the base for his campaign to join the Politburo's Standing Committee, the nine-member body at the peak of the Communist hierarchy whose membership will turn over this fall.
In a governing elite that makes big choices by consensus, experts say, Mr. Bo might well have vaulted onto the Standing Committee with the support of sympathizers, had Chongqing's police chief, Wang Lijun, not fled to the American Consulate in Chengdu, in nearby Sichuan Province.
Mr. Wang carried papers that he said implicated Mr. Bo's family in a criminal inquiry of the death of a British businessman, Neil Heywood, an acquaintance of the Bo family. Mr. Bo and Mr. Wang are now said to be confined in Beijing while party officials investigate those and other claims.
To incumbent leaders who worried about Mr. Bo's destabilizing impact, “the Wang Lijun case was just a godsend,” said Huang Jing, an expert on elite politics and director of the Center on Asia and Globalization at the National University of Singapore.
“It opened up a big hole, and the Bo Xilai camp, I believe, simply collapsed.”
Shorn of their standard-bearer, China's leftists seem in at least temporary retreat. Censors this week shut down several Web sites supporting Mr. Bo for one month, including the well-known Utopia, which caters to the far left. Simultaneously, a weekly legal affair magazine published an interview in which one of Utopia's founders claimed it had been “hijacked” by extremists who promoted Mr. Bo's experiments in Chongqing.
More broadly, China's leadership has moved swiftly to paper over any sign of discord. Communist Party journals have showcased exhortations to promote stability and ignore malicious rumors — a clear reaction to false reports of an impending coup that spread online last week.
The newspaper The People's Liberation Army Daily minced no words. “Historical experience shows that whenever the party and country faces major issues, and whenever reform and development reach a crucial juncture, struggle in the ideological arena becomes even more intense and complex,” it said. “We must pay close attention to the impact of the Internet, mobile phones and other new media on the thinking of officers and troops.”
Enforced by the leadership, China's rigid status quo is returning in full force. Which is not precisely what China's reformers were hoping for.
“On first look, I think it's a good thing,” said Mr. Wu, the liberal intellectual, of the impact of Mr. Bo's ouster on party politics. “But on second look, I think, not necessarily.”
For many states, the rainy season is over, and most of the Western United States is now locked into a fourth consecutive year of drought. The imminent dry summer is particularly foreboding for California, where more than 44% of land area is engulfed in an exceptional level of drought. This was the highest such share nationwide and the kind of water shortage seen only once a century.
According to a study by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), “Droughts in the U.S. Southwest and Central Plains during the last half of this century could be drier and longer than drought conditions seen in those regions in the last 1,000 years.” The likelihood of such a drought is 12%, NASA scientists estimated.
Based on the most recent drought levels estimated as of the week ended April 14 from the U.S. Drought Monitor, 24/7 Wall St. identified the nine states with the most widespread severe to exceptional drought conditions. During periods of severe drought, crop or pasture losses are likely, and water shortages and restrictions are common. Relative to historical trends, severe drought is expected once every 50 years. During times of exceptional drought, these conditions are intensified and water shortages are considered water emergencies. These are the 9 states running out of water.
In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Brad Rippey, agricultural meteorologist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), said, “Where people live and where the precipitation falls are two completely different areas.” As a result, water needs to be transported to meet water demands in each state. States rely on a range of water sources.
While Great Plains states rely heavily on groundwater, the western part of the country relies more heavily on surface water, which is replenished each year primarily by the spring thaw. Snowpack levels, therefore, are very important for water supplies.
The U.S. climate is also highly variable, which means wet seasons in different parts of the country occur at different times during the year. For large swathes of the nation, the wet season is primarily in the early spring. Across the Great Plains and southward, on the other hand, the wet season typically peaks during May, June, and July. As Rippey explained, current drought levels as of mid-April may still have a chance to improve in states such as Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas.
In Western U.S. states, however, peak precipitation was expected from October through March, which means in states such as California, Oregon, and Nevada, the drought levels will most likely not improve much from their mid-April conditions.
The ramifications of such severe drought conditions for these states and for the nation are manifold. California and the Great Basin are major sources of the nation's food. The production of several water-intensive crops such as cotton, corn, soy, wheat, and rice are already down substantially from when the drought began. Cattle and other livestock also require large quantities of water and nutritious pastures and drinking water.
Beyond the economic impacts, municipal cutbacks and water restrictions have a tangible impact on individuals living in these areas. In addition, Rippey said the likelihood of wildfires is much higher than normal as a result of the dry weather.
On the bright side, Rippey noted the current drought in California is approaching the level of drought experienced in the late 1970s — the last time such drought levels affected the state. This time, reservoirs are at higher levels than they were in the 70s, and water consumption is lower. It appears people are more conscious of the situation, and there may be ways for state officials to adjust to the problem.
To identify the states running out of water, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the percentage of land area in severe to exceptional drought from the U.S. Drought Monitor as of the week ended April 14, 2015. To be considered, a state needed to have at least 20% of its land area affected by severe to exceptional drought. While New Mexico did not meet these criteria after a welcome late winter monsoon, the state still suffered among the worst long-term drought conditions, according to Rippey. We also reviewed drought levels during the same week in 2014. Peak drought levels for 2014 in each state, as well as the number of people affected by each level of drought are also from the Drought Monitor.
A U.S. conservative activist has called a Polish newspaper he is suing for defamation a “far-left, globalist, progressive outlet” and referred to the reporter who attacked him in an article he wrote for the paper last year as a “fantasist and fairy-tale writer.”
Matthew Tyrmand of the Project Veritas group — who brought the case against Gazeta Wyborcza's publisher Agora and Tomasz Piatek, the newspaper's journalist who wrote an article entitled ‘Leopold's son, Trump's man' — spoke to Breitbart London about his courtroom opponents.
“They hate the right, they hate nationalist populists, even free marketers. They hate anyone who doesn't share their globalist, leftist, progressive, radical world view,” he said of Gazeta Wyborcza, which he called “very very corruptible” due to its post-Communist era ties.
“Tomasz Piatek has had many run-ins with the courts regarding defamation in the past. He's more of a fantasist and a fairy-tale writer than a reporter,” he said.
In an article published in May last year, Piatek made a number of remarks about Tyrmand – who has previously written for Breitbart News — which the 36-year-old believes were malicious lies published purposely to defame his character as retaliation for an article he wrote only nine days earlier, exploring potential George Soros links with KOD – the Committee for Defence of Democracy [Komitet Obrony Demokracji].
Tyrmand said: “This was very much a response to James O'Keefe [founder of Project Veritas] and my investigation into Soros and KOD. There's no coincidence in terms of timing, and the timing was such that we did this investigation, we put it out there on Breitbart and elsewhere, I did a bunch of Polish media around it and then a Soros-backed outfit was at the same time funding Gazeta Wyborcza.
“Agora [which Soros's Open Society Foundations recently took a large stake in] went in and bailed them out because the last government was doing so through PZU [a state owned insurance company] but with the electoral shift in power, that was no longer viable.
“So MDIF [Media Development Investment Fund] comes in as a philanthropic entity that invests where ‘free press is under assault,' which is obviously nonsense in Poland.
“He comes in, and shortly after, Piatek writes a hit-piece filled with lies saying that I was on Trump's payroll and by extension that I was a [Vladimir] Putin shill. All this happens at the same time. Incidentally, during that time Gazeta Wyborcza is putting in inserts to fund KOD.”
When Tyrmand saw Piatek's article he believed he had a strong case against the newspaper.
“When the piece came out I reacted immediately on social media and thought, ‘this is unconscionable.' I called my lawyers and said ‘how far beyond the line is this?' I thought it was [beyond the line] because not only were these lies, but they were really easily verifiably lies,” he said.
Piatek wrote about Tyrmand again last November, this time responding to being sued by the Polish-Jewish-American writer. He suggested Tyrmand's lack of Polish language skills meant he probably didn't read his article and that his lawyers should have explained to him that he was wrong.
Tyrmand said: “He blamed my lawyers, which is amazing. They're the best lawyers in Poland on IP [intellectual property].
“These lawyers play at the highest level and yet he makes that smear, saying that I didn't understand what he was saying. Everybody understood what he was saying and that was a cop out, and it was a weak cop out, to try and remove his own culpability and shift it.”
Piatek also told Associated Press he found it suspicious Tyrmand had waited until July to start proceedings against him, after he had published another article criticising Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz, a claim Tyrmand finds laughable.
“It took me a few weeks to go through the fact patterns with my lawyers,” he explained.
The son of the popular late anti-Communist novelist, writer and editor Leopold Tyrmand, has written for Breitbart London on the health of Polish democracy after the election of the Law and Justice Party, and how Poland is one of the best places for Jews to live; neither of which are in tune with Gazeta Wyborcza's narratives. He has also not been afraid to criticise the paper in previous articles.
Tyrmand said: “I am an existential threat to them because I have the ability to go, not just in Poland where they are pretty well-hated and understood, but all over the world to talk about what they do and what they represent.
“It wasn't surprising that this piece especially, because it hit close to home with the investigation into Soros and KOD, who they are aligned with, meant that they pulled out all the stops in going after me.”
Tyrmand's colleague James O'Keefe, who Piatek referred to in his piece as a ‘specialist in illegal recordings and eavesdropping,' was the first to take the witness stand on Wednesday, June 21.
“James O'Keefe coming to testify was really great, because here's a really high-profile crusader for journalistic truth and transparency in media,” Tyrmand said.
“Him coming to Poland really helped establish the credibility of the argument as well as give it huge visibility, given his visibility,” he added.
If he wins, Tyrmand wants an apology and 50,000 Polish zlotys which he intends to donate to five Polish charities. He also wants corrections to be made to the article.
“I'm not looking for them to strike the column. I'd like the column to remain up but with highlights on each of the ten or a dozen or so lies that I pinpointed, clarifying that they were not honest and giving the truth,” he said.
The next court session takes place in November, where Tyrmand said will call more witnesses to the stand to testify on his behalf.
Image copyright PA Image caption At the top of the property pile is London's Eaton Square that will set you back £16,944,000 on average
London's Eaton Square has been named the most expensive place to buy property in Britain, with a home costing an average of nearly £17m.
The Belgravia address tops a list that shows every English region now contains "a million pounds" streets.
Research by Lloyds Bank also shows the most expensive street in Wales is Llandudno's Llys Helyg Drive, with an average property price of £1.064m.
The Scores, St Andrews, top Scotland's list with an average of almost £2.2m.
How to keep house prices low forever
Does it pay to sell a home online?
Reality Check: Have right-to-buy homes been replaced?
Where can I afford to live?
Eaton Square made it to the top of the property stack based on recorded land registry prices.
Built in the 19th Century around a private garden, it features stucco white facades and is handy for Knightsbridge and Chelsea.
It is one of three squares developed by the Grosvenor family following the end of the Napoleonic wars and the conversion of Buckingham House into a palace for King George IV.
Eaton Square takes its name from Eaton Hall in Cheshire, the country home of the Duke of Westminster.
It has boasted numerous famous residents including ex-prime ministers Neville Chamberlain and Stanley Baldwin as well as actress Vivien Leigh, former Bond star Sean Connery and TV cook Nigella Lawson.
A £55m seven bedroom terrace, complete with a winter garden and retractable glass ceiling, on Eaton Square was the most-viewed home for online property website Rightmove in 2016.
The townhouse, which is listed with Knight Frank, also comes with a swimming pool, six bathrooms and a double garage.
Image copyright Knight Frank Image caption A property on Eaton Square was the most viewed home on Rightmove in 2016
Image copyright Rightmove Image caption The townhouse features a swimming pool and retractable glass ceiling
Image copyright Knight Frank Image caption It is on the market for £55m
Image copyright Knight Frank Image caption The house interior features several chandeliers
Image copyright Frank Knight Image caption It also comes with a winter garden
Image copyright Knight Frank Image caption One of seven bedrooms in the property
Outside London, addresses in Surrey and Oxshott - the home of Wimbledon champion and Sports Personality of the Year Andy Murray - feature in the top 20 most expensive residential streets, along with Poole and Oxford.
North of London, England's most expensive address is Park Lane, Altrincham, with an average property price of just over £2m.
Most expensive address in your region:
Image copyright Google Image caption Farquhar Road in Birmingham is the most expensive street in the West Midlands, with an average value of £1,434,000 per home
London: Eaton Square, Westminster - £16,944,000
South East: Camp End Road, Weybridge - £5,164,000
South West: Panorama Road, Poole - £4,618,000
North West: Park Lane, Altrincham - £2,059,000
East: Storeys Way, Cambridge - £1,914,000
West Midlands: Farquhar Road, Birmingham - £1,434,000
Yorkshire and the Humber: Ling Lane, Leeds - £1,319,000
East Midlands: Warren Hill, Leicester - £1,288,000
North East: Runnymede Road, Newcastle Upon Tyne - £1,103,000
Scotland: The Scores, St Andrews - £2,179,000
Wales: Llys Helyg Drive, Llandudno - £1,064,000
Wales has two streets with average property prices in excess of £1m - Llys Helyg Drive in Llandudno, where homes typically fetch £1,064,000, and St Anne's Close in Swansea where average properties go for £1,029,000.
Scotland figures were produced by the Bank of Scotland. Although the top spot went to a street leading to the first tee of St Andrew's Old Course, 10 of Scotland's most expensive streets are in Edinburgh.
Forecasters at the Royal Chartered Institute of Surveyors are predicting a 3% typical price rise for houses next year, in spite of Brexit uncertainties.
The Nationwide Building Society is more cautious, estimating prices will grow at 2%, fuelled by continuing low interest rates.
Thousands of protesters swarm Spain's capital A huge anti-austerity rally surrounds Madrid's parliament building, despite aggressive policing
Your message has been sent successfully
UPDATED:
Thousands of protesters clashed with riot police in Spain's capital Tuesday in a showdown on the doorstep of the parliament building in Madrid.
Tuesday's march aimed to manifest rage against a new round of harsh austerity measures the government will announce in the 2013 budget on Thursday.
Advertisement:
A manifesto for the day stated that "the current situation has exceeded all tolerable limits" and demanded a reconstitution of the entire Spanish government, including electoral and tax reform, and a moratorium on Spain paying national debts in the service of "private interests."
The Indignados, as the Spanish anti-austerity, anti-capitalist demonstrators are known, strongly influenced Occupy organizing models and tactics last year, including repurposing city squares for encampments and assemblies.
Twitter reports and livestream videos have captured police firing rubber-coated bullets into the crowd, while others were seen striking protesters with batons. BBC Europe estimated over 1,300 riot police have been deployed. The sun has set over Madrid, but the crowd around the parliament remains thousands-strong.
This image, posted by Twitter user @_cypherpunks_ captures the size and density of the crowd:
[embedtweet id="250674234446188544"]
UPDATE: Live reports via Twitter suggest that the police are growing increasingly aggressive with the crowd as the night wears on. Twitter user Alejandro Sierra posted this dramatic image of nearly a dozen police swarming violently around one protester:
Advertisement:
[embedtweet id="250687419924500480"]
Why subscription?
Note: everything below is about the official MMO world only. The single-player mode and unofficial private servers are available without subscribing.
Screeps is an unusual MMO game that has no counterparts at the moment. There are numerous online games where your character exists in the game world only while you're online and disappears after you exit the game. There are fewer games that have your character or units continue some defined automatic activity even after logging out. But only Screeps runs your scripts in full continuously, on the 24/7 basis, and you are allowed to use them for anything JavaScript allows.
This makes Screeps more like a hosting or cloud computing service rather than a traditional online game. We offer you server CPU time and fixed amount of memory that you can use as you wish (though it's still preferable to use it in relation with the game!). Though a new player gets a quite low initial CPU limit, after upgrading your game level you can end up with your limit up to 300 ms per game tick which is quite a serious hosting asset.
As we designed the game, we were considering numerous options and finally came to a conclusion that justification of such expenses requires only one model: game time (or, in our case, CPU time) subscription. And note that we don't offer multiple subscription options: the subscription cost is the same for all players. Thus we avoid creating game advantages for certain groups of players since all are provided with equal opportunities to use server resources.
If you don't wish to use such resources on general terms, you can just confine yourself to purchasing a starter kit on Steam. A minimum 20 CPU amount will be reserved for you on the official MMO server, but it won't grow following your game level. That's a perfectly fine way to play Screeps too, since we have a standalone non-subscription world shard, where you can compete with other non-subscription players on equal terms.
“The Minister of Public Health and Sanitation has noted with great great concern the ongoing debate over the safety of GMO foods…”
Heather Callaghan
Activist Post
In a gutsy move, Kenya's government has banned all imported GMO goods – effective immediately. They are also suspending all sales of genetically modified produce and foods with GM ingredients until health safety is confirmed. The ban is not permanent, however – it depends on what evidence the ministry concludes. Biotechnology research can continue.
On November 8th, Health Minister Beth Mugo made the announcement with Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki present and also said:
My ministry wishes to clarify the decision was based on genuine concerns that adequate research had not been done on GMOs and scientific evidence provided to prove the safety of these foods.
Taking a better-safe-than-sorry approach, she added, “Where there is apprehension and uncertainty regarding the safety of food products, precaution to protect the health of the people must be undertaken.”
This new health fear is most likely a result of the now famous French GMO study in September, complete with pictures of grotesquely tumored rats. Or maybe even rising suspicions and admissions of biotech scientist knowledge of an infertility gene – and a coordinating rise of infertility and miscarriages in humans but definitely, undeniably those issues and death in cattle eating GMO feed.
One biotech scientist wrote to Natural Society, telling them it would be “awesome” if “this **** causes infertility” because he's among those who fiercely believe the world is overpopulated, and goes on to say that GMO is saving the planet.
The news is flying fast with cheers through anti-GMO consumers on Facebook using the Internet meme picture of a happy African boy with a fist in the air saying “Aww Yeah!!!” and “Kenya just banned GMOs!”
Despite hints of ultimate depopulation efforts and major safety concerns, it is not surprising that many biotech researchers, universities, farmers, students, and consumers are unhappy about the decision. They've got investments riding on genetic modification in fear of a growing (deliberate) food crisis and hopes of economic uptick.
They are also perplexed because, until now, GMO efforts enjoyed friendly laws. Dr Silas Obukosia, Director Regulatory Affairs at Africa Harvest thought the ban was misinformed and hindered Kenya's ability to increase food production:
Mugo's ban on the importation and trade of GMOs due lack of evidence regarding their safety is puzzling. This is because major investments such as the approval of the National Biotechnology Development Policy by the Cabinet in 2006, and the enactment of the Biosafety Act in 2009, and gazettment of three different biosafety regulations in 2011 have been made to address the issue of safety. A lot of money has been pumped in by universities in creating masters and PhD programmes in biotechnology which need to be supported by friendly laws. Source
But take a good look at the names of those institutions – bias much? It is reminiscent of our FDA and USDA allowing Monsanto to conduct its own safety studies.
The pressure is on with headlines like “Kenya risks losing billions over GMO ban.” Those are hypothetical billions of course – it was spoken at a big Ag Biotechnology forum and focused on Africa being a transit point for GM food with other countries. Arguments against the ban focus on food security, the economy, and wasted money – not sincere public health.
While those will cry unfair – what we don't want to see in Africa is what's happening in India, where tens of thousands of farmers have committed suicide, some by dousing themselves with Roundup-ready pesticides and setting fire, making one last statement about their betrayers. They risked Monsanto crops and went destitute when “the crops to end world hunger” failed to yield. They, their families and their communities lost more than just their initial investments.
Ms. Mugo and the cabinet have more true public safety in mind than many will ever realize for some time to come. Let's hope the ban holds during their safety confirmations – if the ban is lifted do you think it will make the news? They've already taken a big step with the ban and nipping disease and corporate takeover in the genetic bud.
Bitcoin donations have helped Sean's Outpost, a homeless outreach centre in Pensacola, Florida, to achieve outsized success this year.
Donations flooded in when its founder, Jason King, asked for bitcoin contributions back in March. As 2013 drew to a close, he announced:
“We served 30,000 meals in 2013 and we were able to make a downpayment and pay off the first year's mortgage for Satoshi's Forest, our nine-acre homeless sanctuary. We got a lot done in 2013 for a new charity.”
Sean's Outpost raised more than 200 BTC this year from donations, according to King. Now the homelessness activist wants to contribute to the bitcoin community in his own way, by running 5,172 km from Miami to San Francisco to raise funding and awareness about both bitcoin and homelessness.
He said: “It's basically running a marathon a day, every day, for four months.”
Long-distance enthusiast
King is a long-distance running enthusiast who says he has run “several hundred” kilometres before, although this would be the longest run he's attempted.
[post-quote]
He will set off from the North American Bitcoin Conference which ends on 26th January, in Miami, where the starting gun will be fired.
King will then make his way to Austin, which is 2,166 km or a 19-hour drive away, to speak at the Texas Bitcoin Conference on 6th March.
His support crew for the trip will consist of his wife and three children, who will drive alongside him in the family campervan.
“We're working on the route right now. We'll be planning bitcoin meetups, so anyone can stop by and meet up. We'll have information for people who don't know anything about bitcoin.”
King added that he hasn't decided on the finish line yet, but it would be one of the many bitcoin hangouts in San Francisco.
Without a hitch
Given his four month absence from Sean's Outpost, how will the charity fare without its founder's presence?
King stressed that although the media spotlight has been focused on him this year, the charity has a full-time staff of five and a team of 10 volunteers that will keep it running smoothly, no pun intended.
“It should run without a hitch without me there. I'll still be helping out, answering e-mails, but everything can't just go away because Jason King's not there.”
King has set the audacious goal of raising 1,000 BTC over the course of the run, he said: “I know it's a lot to expect in four months, but homelessness is a big problem.”
Sean's Outpost currently works with more than 400 homeless people in Pensacola, a city with a population of about 461,000. Some of these people have remained ambivalent about bitcoin, while others have embraced the cryptocurrency. King said:
“We have guys who got really into bitcoin. They're on reddit and forums all the time. We have guys who got off the street because of bitcoin.”
Sean Dugas
According to King, of the 200 BTC raised by his charity this year, almost all of it has been spent. Sean's Outpost has, however, maintained a reserve fund of 30 BTC, which it intends to hold as an investment.
The continuing media attention on the organisation, which is named after King's “best friend” Sean Dugas, who was murdered in 2012, has made King uncomfortable, although he is trying to capitalise on it for his activism. He is working on opening up Sean's Outposts in other cities.
“[The media attention] has been a little awkward, because I like to focus on the work I do. But I'm asking people all over the world to believe in what we're doing, so communicating back is an important part of the relationship.”
CoinDesk previously reported on Justas, a “voluntarily” homeless man in Spain who uses bitcoin and other technology tools to sustain his way of life.
Marathon Image via Shutterstock
This may just be the cutest photograph ever taken, as two furry little friends develop a special bond.
Delicate friendship: The ginger cat and baby deer share an affectionate moment (Picture: Rex/ Vitaly Tkach)
The moment was captured at the Odessa Zoo, Ukraine, and stopped visitors in their tracks as they passed by the enclosure.
As the baby deer rested in the shade during a warm summers day the domestic zoo cat approached.
After a quick hello both decided a bit of sleep was in order and the ginger moggy nestled peacefully into the side of the deer.
Photographer Vitaly Ktach snapped the special moments and said everyone was watching on in amazement.
‘The affectionate behaviour of the cat towards the young deer had myself and other visitors watching in disbelief,' explained Ktach. ‘The cat seemed to really taking its time to run its fur along the deer, which must have felt very nice. ‘It then sat down and they enjoyed gently rubbing their faces together. They looked in bliss!'
Franklin Delano Roosevelt's whimsical birth announcement demonstrates that he was known as FDR from the very beginning. Image courtesy NARAuser.
The Kennedys are back in the headlines today—this time it's RFK Jr. That three-initial formulation, common to the Kennedy family since the 1960s, has lately appeared in headlines about French politician Dominique Strauss Kahn (DSK), Osama Bin Laden (OBL), and even LeBron James (often referred to as LBJ, though his middle name is Raymone). When did we start referring to famous people by three initials?
When we elected a president named FDR. His full name, of course, was Franklin Delano Roosevelt, but that was a mouthful. And referring to Roosevelts by their initials was a family tradition, probably because many in the clan shared first names. (There were multiple generations of James Roosevelts, for instance.) FDR's mother, Sara Delano Roosevelt, sometimes went by SDR. And Franklin's distant cousin, Theodore Roosevelt, may have been the first president to go by his initials in headlines, though in his case there were only two. “TR” seems to have caught on in his days as New York police commissioner in the 1890s mainly because the tabloids found “Roosevelt” unwieldy—to his friends, he remained “Theodore.” H.L. Mencken noted that some British prime ministers from around TR's time also went by two initials in the press, including Campbell Bannerman (“CB”) and Lloyd George (“LG”).
As for Franklin, the nickname was stamped on him from birth: A card announcing his arrival in the world on Jan. 30, 1882, depicted a stork carrying a bundle inscribed, “F.D.R.” Young Franklin apparently fancied the appellation, signing “FDR” on a letter he sent to a friend as early as age 9. Newspapers no doubt found the abbreviation especially handy, given that there had already been a President Roosevelt. (“FDR” appeared in the New York Times from the first year of his presidency.) Many of his New Deal programs were similarly stamped with three-letter initialisms (WPA, TVA, SSA, etc.). That may have been a coincidence, or it may have reflected a cultural trend, as companies such as IBM, RCA, NBC, and CBS had risen to prominence in the previous decade. (Three-letter abbreviations of business titles, such as CEO and CFO, came along much later.)
Given FDR's popularity and longevity in office, it's no surprise that subsequent Democratic presidents followed his example in nomenclature. Like FDR, John F. Kennedy wasn't his family's first prominent politician. His father, Joseph Kennedy, had served under FDR as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
But perhaps the most enthusiastic—and calculating—adopter of the convention was JFK's successor, Lyndon Baines Johnson. As a congressman, long before he became Kennedy's vice president, he reportedly instructed an assistant always to refer to him by his initials: “FDR–LBJ, FDR–LBJ. Do you get it? What I want is for them to start thinking of me in terms of initials.” He didn't stop there. His wife was conveniently nicknamed Lady Bird Johnson, and the couple gave their daughters (Lynda Bird and Luci Baines) names with the same initials. Even the family dog was Little Beagle Johnson.
By then the naming trend had spread to other public figures, including Martin Luther King Jr. (it's possible “King” was too generic for abbreviation-seeking headline-writers), but it sputtered out among presidents with Richard Nixon. He titled his autobiography RN, but the press generally seemed content to use his full surname.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks H.W. Brands of the University of Texas at Austin, Bob Clark of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum, Mark Liberman of the University of Pennsylvania, and Ben Zimmer of Visual Thesaurus.
This post first appeared at Truthout.
On April 30, Senator Bernie Sanders, the only socialist in Congress, announced his presidential candidacy in the Democratic race. So far, he is the only candidate challenging Hillary Clinton from the left. For immigrant rights activists and organizers, Senator Sanders' populist agenda provides a new platform to develop an alternative strategy and vision for the movement.
Since 2006, mainstream immigrant rights organizations and legislators have heavily focused on passing some form of comprehensive immigration reform legislation that provides a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants (while further militarizing the border). However, during this process, actual voices and concerns of undocumented immigrants were often lost, if not neglected. Undocumented immigrants' personal – and sometimes painful – stories were used to garner sympathy for the legislation instead of addressing the root causes of the problem.
More than anything else, the DREAM Act demonstrates the failure of mainstream immigrant rights organizations. Initially, the DREAM Act focused on undocumented youth amid federal failures to move something more comprehensive. The bill soon garnered popularity and gained support from both the Democrats and the Republicans. As the bill's popularity rose, many undocumented youths adopted the term “DREAMers” to identify themselves.
However, the DREAM Act's characterization of undocumented youth created dilemmas within the immigrant rights movement. In the words of the Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, “The DREAM Act will give children brought to this nation by their parents through no fault of their own … the opportunity to gain legal status.” This popular – and now dominant – narrative portrayed many undocumented youths as clueless and innocent children who deserved second chances and their parents as wrongdoers. Moreover, the bill's requirements – such as four-year college education, military enlistment or the age limit – marginalized thousands who did not meet the criteria.
These internal contradictions could be ignored because the prospect for the immigration reform was so positive, and the legislation created space for a groundswell of undocumented youth to step out of the shadows. At the same time, they severely restricted the energy of the movement. Mainstream organizations and the media tokenized DREAMers as aspiring Americans with remarkable academic achievements. Moreover, many immigrant rights organizations recognized the appeal of DREAMers to wider audiences, and foundations turned them into lucrative funding source. In a way, DREAMers became a commodity for fundraising efforts while perpetuating model minority stereotypes.
The current political paralysis at the federal level exemplifies the immigrant rights movement's need for an alternative strategy and vision. In 2013, the Senate passed its own immigration bill, concomitant with the explosion of a new electorate sensitive to – or directly impacted by – reform efforts. Still, the GOP-dominated House failed to produce any meaningful legislation – apart from an attempt to repeal the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a temporary protection for undocumented youth.
Moreover, President Obama, who calls himself “champion in chief” of immigrant rights, continues to tear apart thousands of communities every day. Unless the administration's draconian deportation policy is stopped, President Obama will deport more than three million people by the time he leaves office. Last November's executive action, which expanded protections for undocumented people (while further excluding others), resulted from dedicated pressure from immigrant rights activists. Even then, this temporary and insufficient measure is on hold in federal court.
Under these circumstances, the immigrant rights movement needs to build stronger alliances with different social movements to rise together. Senator Sanders' populist agenda provides the precise opportunity to build pressure against the prevailing political order in all its dysfunction.
With the rise of Clintonian Democrats in the '90s, the party effectively abandoned its working-class base – while continuing to provide an illusion of functioning democracy, with an increasingly reactionary opposition party. As Noam Chomsky once said:
The US is still a one-party state, the business party. But it only has one faction: moderate Republicans, now called New Democrats (as the US Congressional coalition styles itself). There is still a Republican organization, but it long ago abandoned any pretense of being a normal parliamentary party.
Senator Sanders' populist platform directly tackles the public's despair with the current system. Sanders' agenda focuses on the ordinary people who have lost their voice in the political discourse. His policy agenda includes public investment, a living wage, equal pay for women and a single-payer health-care system. Now, he is proving his willingness to challenge the oligarchs controlling the political system. As he described the implications of this agenda to the Associated Press, “I've run outside of the two-party system, defeating Democrats and Republicans, taking on big-money candidates, and, you know, I think the message that has resonated in Vermont is a message that can resonate all over this country.”
Bernie Sanders himself declared that he entered the race to win, and he will lead a “Political Revolution” for working families. Then, his agenda further expanded to protect all working families including immigrant families. Senator Sanders and his staff must articulate their vision for immigrant families who are vulnerable under the system. Their plan should challenge the root causes of migration and protect all undocumented immigrants. His immigration agenda should include:
Lastly, the immigrant rights movement must step onto this populist platform and demonstrate how the rigged system fails to address issues people actually care about. Immigrant rights activists and organizers must show how the suffering of undocumented immigrants resonates with others who are marginalized by the unjust and unequal system. We need to show solidarity and build alliances with social movements that are also seeking genuine change instead of relying on Hillary Clinton and the hopeless Democratic Party.
The views expressed in this post are the author's alone, and presented here to offer a variety of perspectives to our readers.
Copyright, Truthout.org. Reprinted with permission.
A report by the Swedish Migration Agency has revealed that the government in the Scandinavian country has granted temporary residence to 40 asylum seekers who are suspected of having committed war crimes in Syria and Iraq. The suspects do not want to return home as they fear that they will be killed if they do.
Asylum expert Magnus Bengtsson noted that although war crimes suspects who seek asylum come to Sweden using false identities, the Swedish authorities have uncovered their real identities after thorough investigations. He pointed out that the people in question have not been sent back to their country because they risk getting killed or tortured, and “some” have been given temporary residence permits.
In a related matter, Swedish state television has claimed that hospitals in Sweden have treated 301 citizens who were injured in Syria and Iraq after joining the ranks of Al-Nusra Front and Daesh.
Healthy people given the serotonin-enhancing antidepressant citalopram were willing to pay almost twice as much to prevent harm to themselves or others than those given placebo drugs in a moral decision-making experiment at UCL. In contrast, the dopamine-boosting Parkinson's drug levodopa made healthy people more selfish, eliminating an altruistic tendency to prefer harming themselves over others. The study was a double-blind randomised controlled trial and the results are published in Current Biology.
The research provides insight into the neural basis of clinical disorders characterized by a lack of concern for others, such as psychopathy. Serotonin and dopamine levels have both been linked to aggressive and antisocial behavior, and this study helps explain why.
"Our findings have implications for potential lines of treatment for antisocial behavior, as they help us to understand how serotonin and dopamine affect people's willingness to harm others for personal gain," says lead author Dr Molly Crockett, who conducted the study at UCL and is now at Oxford University. "We have shown that commonly-prescribed psychiatric drugs influence moral decisions in healthy people, raising important ethical questions about the use of such drugs.
"It is important to stress, however, that these drugs may have different effects in psychiatric patients compared to healthy people. More research is needed to determine whether these drugs affect moral decisions in people who take them for medical reasons."
The study, conducted by researchers from UCL and Oxford University and funded by the Wellcome Trust, compared how much pain people were willing to anonymously inflict on themselves or strangers in exchange for money. A total of 175 healthy adults took part, 89 randomised to receive citalopram or placebo and 86 randomised to receive levodopa or placebo.
Participants were randomly assigned to the roles of decision-maker and receiver and anonymously paired up such that each decision-maker did not know who the receiver was and vice-versa. All participants were given mildly painful electric shocks matched to their pain threshold so that the intensity was not intolerable. Decision-makers were explicitly told that shocks to receivers would be at the receiver's own pain threshold.
Decision-makers went into a room alone with a computer terminal, and each took part in 170 trials. For each trial, they had to choose between different amounts of money for different numbers of shocks, up to a maximum 20 shocks and £20 per trial. For example, they might be offered a choice of 7 shocks for £10 or 10 shocks for £15. Half of the decisions related to shocks for themselves and half to shocks for the receiver, but in all cases the decision-makers would get the money.
At the end of the session, one of the chosen trial results would be implemented so that the decision-maker or receiver received the shocks and the decision-maker received the profits. As such, their decisions had real consequences. Decision-makers knew that their decisions would be kept secret so that fear of judgment or retaliation would not skew the results.
A similar experiment conducted by the same team previously showed that people disliked harming others more than harming themselves, a behaviour known as 'hyper-altruism'. This behaviour was seen again in this study, with most people more willing to harm themselves than others for profit.
On average, people given a placebo were prepared to pay approximately 35p per shock to prevent harm to themselves and 44p per shock to prevent harm to others. Those on citalopram were far more harm-averse, willing to pay an average 60p per shock to prevent harm to themselves and 73p per shock to prevent harm to others. Over the course of the experiment, this meant that people on citalopram delivered an average 30 fewer shocks to themselves and 35 fewer shocks to others than those on placebo.
People given levodopa, however, were not willing to pay any more to prevent shocks to others than to prevent shocks to themselves. On average, they were prepared to pay approximately 35p per shock to prevent harm to themselves or others. This meant that they delivered on average 10 more shocks to others during the experiment than the placebo group. They were also less hesitant to deliver shocks to others, making the decision faster than those on placebo.
There was no Google Earth, no Gore-Tex and only a modest measure of hope on the February night in 1943 when six Norwegians parachuted into the remote and frigid Telemark region of their home country for an outdoor challenge like few others.
They had skis and explosives and a destination: the German-controlled Norsk Hydro facility, high on an isolated and snowy ridge. The Norwegians intended to destroy equipment inside that the Germans were using to produce what is known as heavy water, a crucial ingredient in making a nuclear weapon and one they feared the Nazis would use to build an atomic bomb. One of the demolitions experts on the team, Birger Stromsheim, died Nov. 10 in Oslo at 101.
It was not the first attempt to destroy the heavy water equipment. Just a few months earlier another group of four Norwegians became stranded in the area after British soldiers for whom they were doing advance work were captured, tortured and eventually killed. That first group hunkered down for the winter in an abandoned cabin, built a makeshift radio from a car battery and stolen fishing rods and began planning their own rescue and another assault on Norsk Hydro. They ate lichen that they scraped from rocks, killed an occasional reindeer for meat and vigilantly avoided detection by the occupying Germans.
The second effort would not fail. After parachuting to a plateau, the second group, some of whom grew up in the area, skied in subzero temperatures for several days before uniting with the four stranded soldiers. The combined group then made its way to the opposite side of a steep gorge from the Norsk Hydro facility. With the only bridge across guarded by Nazis, they descended to the bottom and climbed to the top on the other side.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Stromsheim was 31 at the time of the assault, the oldest member of the mission. He was particularly respected for his expertise in explosives and for his calm.
Screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
The sad conventions of society demand that the world is populated by Peters, Pauls, and Marys.
This is nothing more than lamb-like conformism. Better to be one of the crowd than one endowed with a name like "Bannister."
So I find myself doffing my cap and lowering my quiff on hearing that a pair of proud parents have allegedly refused to bow to convention. They appear to have named their child after something that creates a new convention: Hashtag.
Awkward Messages spotted this phenomenon and promulgated it with glee.
For an announcement on Facebook declared: "Hashtag Jameson was born at 10 oclock last nite. She weys 8pounds and I luv her so much!!!!!!"
It was accompanied by a picture of a very serene little child.
Being of wrinkled eye, I naturally wondered whether this could possibly be real. There is no sure way of knowing.
Certain doubts do creep across one's mind. For example, if this lovely little thing's parents were somehow enamored of Twitter, why would they announce the child's birth on Facebook, yet no evidence of a tweeted announcement has appeared?
And the spelling in the announcement suggests a slight lack of skills or an excess of Bushmills.
But who wouldn't dream of a mom one day screaming: "Hash, take out the trash!!"? Or, perhaps: "Tag, you're a drag."
You will be stunned into renaming your firstborn "Sanity" when I tell you that the Twitter hashtag #Hashtag is already vibrating with commentary on this subject.
Sample, from 4030Lisa: "A couple named their child #hashtag? Call protective services because that's just cruel, not cute, not funny & too soon, won't be relevant."
Or this, from tweeter Dr. Phillips: "Woman names child #HASHTAG "Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." --Einstein."
Unless these alleged parents appear on the "Today Show" and live-tweet the whole thing, I shall remain skeptical that Hashtag Jameson is a real human being.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201605/1132/1155968404_4902310533001_160519-Clinton-00-01-22-06-Still001.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Hillary Clinton thinks the Democratic Party would unify around her to stop Donald Trump. Clinton: 'No way' I won't be Democratic nominee
Hillary Clinton on Thursday said there is "no way" that she will not be the Democratic presidential nominee in 2016, and that Bernie Sanders would do well to unify behind her as the party's standard-bearer against Donald Trump
"I will be the nominee for my party, Chris," the former secretary of state told CNN's Chris Cuomo in an interview from Park Ridge, Illinois. "That is already done, in effect. There's no way that I won't be."
Story Continued Below
As for Bernie Sanders, Clinton said "he has to do his part to unify."
"He said the other day that he'll do everything possible to defeat Donald Trump. He said he'd work seven days a week. I take him at his word," Clinton said. "I think the threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy and our economy that I certainly expect Sen. Sanders to do what he said he would."
Clinton dodged a question from Cuomo on whether she would choose Sanders as her running mate.
"What brings us together is Donald Trump. I think that's what brings us together," she said, after remarking that would be a discussion for later.
Sanders' campaign argued that the primary isn't over yet, citing his string of wins in Indiana, West Virginia and Oregon as evidence that voters disagree with Clinton's proclamation.
“We expect voters in the remaining eight contests also will disagree,” Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said in a statement. “And with almost every national and state poll showing Sen. Sanders doing much, much better than Secretary Clinton against Donald Trump, it is clear that millions of Americans have growing doubts about the Clinton campaign.”
Assessing her chances against Trump, Clinton said the party would unify.
"That doesn't mean we won't have some vigorous discussion and debate about issues, about the platform, about all of the process of a convention. I welcome that. I think that's healthy. I think bringing people into the party giving them a voice at the end is going to help us in the fall. I think as I said I will certainly do my part and more to reach out and bring in Sen. Sanders' supporters and I have every reason to expect he'll do the same," she said.
"I think we'll have a great convention in Philadelphia and then we'll go out and carry on the campaign against Donald Trump," Clinton continued. "And the Republicans. And I really believe that we're going to have a strong, compelling case to make about the choice that the American people will be facing. And I feel, you know, very optimistic about how the election will come out and I also feel optimistic about the country."
According to data from the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), in 38% of all union recognitions in 2009, the latest year for which data is available, unions bypassed secret ballot elections and instead used card checks to unionize employees. Specifically, the NLRB reports that unions won 794 single-union representation elections. During that period, the NLRB recorded 485 notices of card check union recognition.
Currently, unions can bypass secret ballot elections by using paid labor organizers to persuade workers to sign “card check” agreements authorizing union representation. Following that, they can pressure companies to “voluntarily” accept a card check recognition of the union. Unions' pressure tactics run from paid picketers to political fights to brand attacks and much more. Union front groups are common, as are bogus attacks by other community groups on the union's payroll.
Unions' overall modus operandi is to blackmail a business by escalating pressure tactics until it capitulates to the card check. The process is unregulated, and anecdotal evidence suggests that signed agreement cards are often obtained through deception, coercion, and intimidation of employees.
By requiring a federally supervised secret ballot election, unions and employers could not agree to deny employees the right to vote in private.
.
.
Above: Samuel Amos Woolley (1825-1900) was a member of the prominent early LDS Woolley clan. Like his more famous brother Edwin D., Samuel was bishop of a Salt Lake City ward. He served a mission to India beginning in 1853. This photo was scanned from Preston Woolley Parkinson, The Utah Woolley Family, Salt Lake City, 1967, p. 165; it is available in numerous places on the internet. The photo appears both as shown here and “flipped” so that Woolley is looking to his left; I don't know which is correct.
Below: John Henry Smith (1848-1911) was an apostle, and briefly a counselor to Joseph F. Smith (both callings much later than the date of this wedding picture), and he was the father of George Albert Smith. This photo was scanned from the Teachings of the Presidents of the Church: Brigham Young manual (1997), also, coincidentally, on p. 165.
.
.
Notice anything peculiar? No? How about some closeups:
.
. . . . . .
.
Can you see it now? If not, you may have to find copies of the books for clearer pictures – I can't blow these up any more without the images falling apart.
I have no explanation.
UPDATE: Here's another image of Bishop Woolley, generously furnished by Bill West, which shows his hoop much more clearly:
.
. . . .
.
Tea Sommeliers Are The Hot New Thing In Food Pairing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kathy YL Chan for NPR Kathy YL Chan for NPR
Even those of us who can't tell the difference between a pinot noir and a merlot are probably familiar with the basic rule of wine pairing: white wine with fish and red wine with steak. But when it comes to tea pairings, we're stumped.
Yet it turns out there is an art to unlocking new flavors in your food by pairing it with tea. Sipping oolong with a buttery, citrusy madeleine can highlight the flowery and milky notes of the tea, while a hot cup of green tea melts the texture of goat cheese and enhances its creamy notes.
Now a whole new breed of experts has risen up to spread this knowledge: tea sommeliers.
"The whole idea of pairing tea with food is that you should have a tea that's going to enhance the flavor of the food, or vice versa," explains Aurelie Bessiere, a tea expert at Palais des Thes, a tea production company based in France. "What you want to happen in your mouth is to feel the different layers of taste and flavors of both tea and food."
This is where tea sommeliers come in.
"It's like a wine sommelier, giving you advice, depending on what kind of tea you want to drink, what time of the day it is, and what you're eating," says Bessiere, a tea sommelier herself.
It's a fairly new concept — and very much a Western term, Bessiere says. In the East, by contrast, the rituals surrounding tea follow stricter guidelines and often have a deeper cultural as well as political meaning behind them, as exemplified by the Japanese tea ceremony.
To become a tea sommelier, you need to know a lot about tea: where it's from, how it's made, the different aromas and flavors in tea and which ones pair well with what kind of food, says Bessiere. The International Tea Masters Association even developed an aroma wheel for tea, modeled on a wine aroma wheel, which lists aromatics such as spicy, earthy and floral as starting points for evaluating tea.
Palais des Thes, which offers tea sommelier training classes in Paris, often works with hotels and restaurants around the globe that are gradually changing their approach to tea, bringing it to the front and center of the dining experience.
One of the restaurants it recently started working with is Eleven Madison Park in New York — a fine-dining establishment also known for its tea program.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kathy YL Chan for NPR Kathy YL Chan for NPR
"My goal has always been to put together a tea list with the same standard and rigor as you would with wine," says Christopher Day, the dining room manager and head of the tea program at the restaurant. "I try to taste and select teas that are representative of the major styles of oolong, black and green tea."
The tableside tea program at Eleven Madison Park boasts four different oolongs, two different types of pu'erh, a Hawaiian black tea and many more tea options — loose tea, not tea bags — directly sourced from the country of origin through vendors like Palais des Thes, Teance and In Pursuit of Tea, and individual farms as well.
The tea can be served by the pot, or tableside in the Chinese traditional gong-fu style with gaiwan (a three-piece ceramic tea cup with lid, cup and saucer) at any point of the meal. The gong-fu style of tea-drinking is rooted in the traditional Chinese tea ceremony. It's seen as an intimate act between drinker and server that demonstrates both art and skills in brewing and serving tea. Both the tea selection and the accompanying service go above and beyond the Earl Grey or chamomile tea bag you might find at most restaurants.
Tea sommeliers make their recommendations much like their counterparts in wine do: They talk with the diners, taking into consideration what they're looking for in the tea and what dishes they've ordered, Day says. "We provide background but also space in terms of recommendations" for tea and food pairings. There are general guidelines, but experimenting is really the best option, according to Day.
"We once served a pu-erh at cellar temperature with celery root that had been cooked in a pig's bladder," Day tells of a particular pairing experiment. "The reasoning was that the bladder course was extremely fragrant, and we wanted to highlight the earthiness of the tea on the palate without competing with or diminishing the fragrance of the bladder course, which was cut open in front of the guests and served immediately. It worked extremely well."
For many customers, the pairings can be a revelation, says Jeff Ruiz, head of the tea program at the restaurant Atera in New York City.
Atera offers a tea pairing that's specific to the course, matching six types of tea with the restaurant's 16- to 18-course tasting menu.
"Everyone that gets it, it changes their perspective," Ruiz says, with customers often exclaiming how eye-opening the pairing experience has been.
When you pair a specific tea with a specific dish, the pairing can "unlock a third flavor," Ruiz says. He's fascinated by the multidimensional flavors you can coax out of teas and enjoys the challenge of exploring potential pairings with Atera's chef.
For example, a new dish on the menu — foie gras with blackcurrant and peanut — is paired with a second-flush Darjeeling tea prepared hot.
"[The tea] helps the foie gras melt. It brings everything together. Black tea tannin matches the fat content in the foie gras. Everyone is skeptical, but it just works, and it works beautifully," Ruiz says.
Experiment With Tea Pairings
"Every tea has a story to tell," says Christopher Day, head of the tea program at Eleven Madison Park in New York City. Tea sommeliers are there to help tell that story, but you don't need to be an expert in tea to appreciate the long history and variety of flavors the beverage brings, especially when paired with food.
In fact, here are some simple food and tea pairings you can try at home, suggested by the tea experts we spoke with for our story.
Butterfly of Taiwan ooolong with sheep cheese such as Ossau Iraty
The cheese enhances the fruity (think apple puree and candied citrus) and honey notes of the tea, which seems sweeter. The strong woody notes of the tea are elevated to a lighter and greener tone.
Nepal Arya Tara black tea & Pleasant Ridge Reserve extra aged cheddar
This pairing enhances the sweet, fruity notes of both the tea and the cheese. The cheese cuts the astringency of the tea and makes it much rounder. The green, vegetal notes of the tea become stronger, allowing for a fresh and long-lasting finish.
Bao Zhong imperial oolong tea with a madeleine
The slightly lemony madeleine melts in the mouth with the tea, and its buttery and citrus notes highlight the flowery (rose, jasmine) and milky notes of the tea.
Oriental Beauty oolong with almond cherry bars
The peach and apricot notes and distinct honey sweetness of the tea accentuate the flavor of the cherries.
Kabuse green tea with melted chocolate
The kabuse is a green tea with high levels of umami — a pleasant, savory taste — as well as sweet and salty. When these three flavors hit melted chocolate, you unlock a flavor similar to pure cantaloupe.
Tea Tuesdays is an occasional series exploring the science, history, culture and economics of this ancient brewed beverage.
The rainbow papaya is a tasty tropical fruit with a creamy, ­yellow-orange flesh. Who could possibly not like that?
Meet Jeffrey Smith of the Institute for Responsible Technology, based in Fairfield, Iowa. He readily admits to not being a doctor, or any sort of scientist. But he's pretty sure eating that kind of papaya will make you more susceptible to colds, hepatitis and HIV.
Despite the lack of any verifiable evidence backing up that assertion, a lot of people believe him.
That's because rainbow papaya is “genetically modified,” a term that has become vilified in recent years. It means that something has been bred to have more desirable traits — in the case of the rainbow papaya, it has been vaccinated against ringspot, a disease that killed off Hawaii'sconventional papaya trees. To growers on the island, rainbow papaya is not some menacing interloper. It's their future.
The rising tension between ­anti-GMO crusaders and researchers striving to improve crops is the focus of “Food Evolution,” a documentary narrated by science superhero Neil deGrasse Tyson.
[Neil deGrasse Tyson explains the big bang — and everything else]
The film is one of more than 180 selections from 32 countries being screened across Washington March 14-26 as part of the Environmental Film Festival in the Nation's Capital (dceff.org). The largest and longest-running environmental film festival in the country turns 25 this year, and the schedule features a wide range of topics: baby elephants, coral reefs, nuclear power, recent political developments.
Opening night at the National Geographic Society features 2017 Sundance selection “Water & Power: A California Heist,” Oscar-winner Alex Gibney's exploration of California's water crisis. Stick around after the show for a discussion with director Marina Zenovich and environmental attorney Adam Keats, who is featured in the film.
There are similar panels of experts after most of the documentaries, including “Food Evolution,” which screens March 17 at the Carnegie Institution for Science. So prepare your papaya questions for filmmaker Scott Hamilton Kennedy, Johns Hopkins University bioethicist Gail Geller and Cornell plant biologist Sarah Davidson Evanega.
Lowe Mill Arts & Entertainment
A tiny furball with a frown has gone from anonymous feline to worldwide Internet sensation. Grumpy Cat has already conquered the realms of LOLcats, YouTube, Facebook, and SXSW. Now, she has become the star of a real-world art exhibit featuring the work of more than 30 artists.
The Grumpy Cat Art Project is on exhibit at Lowe Mill Arts & Entertainment complex in Huntsville, Ala., which contains more than 100 different artists in studio spaces, along with small businesses and restaurants. A call went out to the resident artists to contribute to the Grumpy Cat extravaganza, and lots of them stepped up to share their grouchy visions.
The media the artists used to convey the essence of Grumpy Cat are much more varied than the famous feline's expressions. One entry, dubbed "Sir Grumpsalot," was created out of painted glass. There is also a painted rock, a ceramic pottery piece, a paper pulp relief, and a piece of colored chain mail where the links form a portrait.
The artists interpreted Grumpy Cat as jewelry, stained glass, a wax gargoyle, and even as the new star of "Game of Thrones" in a portrait showing the kitty adorned with baby dragons. Much like Helen of Troy, Grumpy Cat may become known as the face that launched a thousand portraits.
The artworks are viewable online and will be going up for sale in an online auction lasting from May 27 through May 31. You may not be able to have Grumpy Cat herself, but you can at least have a fine artistic image of her in your personal collection.
Methanhydrat has released a brand-new mod for Dead Space 2, offering true raw mouse input. As the modder noted, Dead Space 2 suffered from negative mouse acceleration issues. In addition, its sensitivity was tied to its framerate, resulting in really awful controls once the framerate was dropping.
However, and thanks to this mod, PC gamers can finally enjoy the game with proper mouse controls. According to its description, this mod features raw mouse input independent of FPS or VSync. It also packs teasonable sensitivity range and same sensitivity in each direction.
This mod also disables any dead zone for slow movement and improves the mouse cursor. Furthermore, the camera does not automatically re-center, and there is a configuration via the ingame settings.
In short, this is a must-have mod for those wishing to re-experience Visceral's horror game.
It's worth noting that Methanhydrat is responsible for such similar mods for other titles. Dark Souls, Metro 2033, FEAR 2 and Mass Effect are some of them.
Those interested can download Dead Space 2 Mouse Fix from here.
Have fun!
Microsoft Studios vice president, Phil Spencer, will take charge of the Xbox division Microsoft announced today.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in a company announcement today that Spencer will head up Xbox, Xbox LIVE, Xbox Music, Xbox Video and Microsoft Studios.
"Phil will report to Terry Myerson, allowing us to keep gaming close to the group developing operating systems across devices," Nadella said. "In this new job, Phil will lead the Xbox, Xbox Live, Xbox Music and Xbox Video teams, and Microsoft Studios. Combining all our software, gaming and content assets across the Xbox team under a single leader and aligning with the OSG team will help ensure we continue to do great work across the Xbox business, and bring more of the magic of Xbox to all form factors, including tablets, PCs and phones."
This move keeps the Xbox and gaming division separate from Microsoft's devices and services division, led by former Nokia chief Stephen Elop.
"Combining these teams will strengthen the connection between some of the world's most innovative creators and those building the Xbox itself," Spencer said in a statement.
"You will hear much more as we head into E3, but we are at the beginning of an incredible new chapter for Xbox and I can't wait for the days and years ahead. This is going to be fun."
There have been many calls for the company to spin off the video game business, which many analysts claim is a waste of resources for the tech giant. Even Elop reportedly suggested that a spin-off of Xbox might be in the company's best interests.
But Microsoft under Steve Ballmer, and now under Satya Nadella, may see Xbox as a long-term path toward creating a profitable home entertainment ecosystem, linking PCs, tablets, and other devices to the couch through a unified experience. Or, as Evercore analyst Kirk Materne puts it, Xbox creates "a halo effect for other Microsoft consumer devices."
Spinning off Xbox, regardless of its annual losses, would leave a noticeable gap in that ecosystem.
Critics disagree. Microsoft should focus on smartphones and mobile, many argue, not on the flagging console business.
"The growth in video games is on tablets and smartphones and the music and video content is already on the move in mobile smartphones and tablets," Nomura Equity analyst Rick Sherlund said at the time of the Xbox One launch. "Sure, it's nice to watch this on the big screen too, so we are not saying there is no market for this, just that it is probably not enough to cement Microsoft in the consumer space relative to disintermediating smartphones and tablets."
Of course, Sherlund also argued that unifying Xbox under one umbrella would be more trouble than it's worth.
"With the top 2 layers of management already reassigned or off to other endeavors, getting the band back together is potentially awkward since Xbox does not exist as a business unit any longer; it is now broken up and distributed across functional areas," he noted.
Microsoft's move to unify the Xbox brand under Spencer indicates renewed commitment to the gaming system and its place in the broader Microsoft entertainment ecosystem. For fans of the Xbox brand, this should come as good news. Shareholders may not see immediate returns on the Xbox One, but I'd argue a long view is in order.
Not only does Xbox help Microsoft remain a major player in the living room, it drives innovation at the firm. Where that innovation will lead is anyone's guess, but it's crucial to Microsoft's long-term success. Video games and productivity, Microsoft's biggest moneymaker, may seem like opposite ends of the spectrum, but innovation from either side can be beneficial to the other.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
Goaltender Martin Brodeur remains one of the most prominent names on the NHL free-agent market. He said Thursday it could stay that way for a while.
"I'm still looking for the right fit, and the right fit might not come this summer, it might come later on in the fall," Brodeur told Yahoo Sports. "I'm pretty open-minded. Regardless of what happens, if I play or don't play, I'm ready for anything. I'm looking forward to a new challenge, regardless if it's outside of hockey or still in hockey with a different organization."
FANTASY RANKINGS Offseason top 200 fantasy ranks NHL.com Fantasy Staff
With many players changing addresses over the past few weeks, NHL.com fantasy hockey insiders Matt Cubeta and Pete Jensen have put together their offseason top 200 fantasy hockey player rankings. READ MORE › With many players changing addresses over the past few weeks, NHL.com fantasy hockey insiders Matt Cubeta and Pete Jensen have put together their offseason top 200 fantasy hockey player rankings. MORE FANTASY HOCKEY COVERAGE ›
There are few apparent openings for a No. 1 goalie as Brodeur looks to move on from the New Jersey Devils, and many Stanley Cup threats seemingly have their backup in place.
"If I'm going to not play with a contender, then definitely I'd like to play a lot," the 42-year-old said. "I'm really open-minded about the situation I'm looking for, but it's pretty specific, and me and my agent (Pat Brisson) are kind of looking at different options."
Brodeur was speaking from the 2014 American Century Championship golf tournament in Lake Tahoe, Nev. He isn't ready to start his post-playing career yet, but when he does, he'd like it to be off-ice with the Devils.
"It's more in the office kind of job," Brodeur said. "I've been doing this, the day-to-day operation as far as playing the game, for a long time, and I don't know if I want to get back in coaching. Everybody knows that coaching is probably harder than player [because it's] time-consuming.
"It will be something a little different than coaching; but again, I don't close any doors on anything that [general manager Lou Lamoriello] would approach me [with] in the future."
Brodeur earlier this offseason said he expected the 2014-15 season would be his last. He was 19-14-6 last season with a 2.51 goals-against average and .901 save percentage. His 688 regular-season victories and 124 shutouts are NHL records.
Three of his sons -- Anthony Brodeur, Jeremy Brodeur and William Brodeur -- are participating in Devils development camp this month.
JACKSON, Miss. — The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Mississippi today filed a lawsuit to challenge an anti-LGBT law passed this spring that allows public officials and businesses to refuse to serve gay and transgender individuals.
The lawsuit, which targets the registrar of vital records, was filed on behalf of ACLU of Mississippi members and Nykolas Alford and Stephen Thomas, a gay couple who are engaged to be married and face discrimination as a result of this law.
Plaintiffs Nykolas Alford and Stephen Thomas have been engaged for nearly two years. They describe the law, HB 1523, as “a slap in the face.”
“When HB 1523 passed, it was heartbreaking because it takes away our chance to finally be treated equally. At a time when we're supposed to be excited as a couple engaged to be married, this law permits discrimination against us simply because of who we are. This is not the Mississippi we're proud to call home. We're hopeful others will come to realize this and not allow this harmful measure to become law,” they said.
The Supreme Court was clear in its marriage ruling last year: States must provide the “same legal treatment” to married same-sex couples that they provide to the marriages of different-sex couples. HB 1523 directly contradicts the Supreme Court's ruling by treating the marriages of same-sex couples differently than the marriages of everyone else, the ACLU said. The statute does not authorize anyone to discriminate against the marriages of different-sex couples based on religious beliefs. It singles out the marriages of same-sex couples and provides a special right for governmental officials and for-profit businesses to discriminate against them.
“We're stepping up to fight this sweeping anti-LGBT and unconstitutional law that authorizes discrimination against gay and transgender people,” said ACLU Staff Attorney Josh Block. “HB 1523 has no rightful place in Mississippi or in our history books, and we're hopeful this lawsuit can stop as much of it as possible before it goes into effect. We won't rest until every last piece of this law is struck down and all LGBT people in Mississippi have equal justice under the law.”
The harms caused by HB 1523 are not limited to married same-sex couples. In particular, HB 1523 includes many provisions authorizing discrimination against transgender people outside the context of marriage, and against anyone who has sex outside of heterosexual marriage. For procedural reasons, those other provisions cannot be attacked in this pre-enforcement challenge against the registrar, but the ACLU and ACLU of Mississippi are committed to challenging these other provisions as soon as possible if they go into effect.
“The ACLU stands firmly against discrimination in all forms,” said ACLU of Mississippi Executive Director Jennifer Riley-Collins. All citizens deserve the right to be treated equally regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. The ACLU of Mississippi will continue to work to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties that the U.S. Constitution guarantees everyone in this country.”
The case, ACLU of Mississippi v. Judy Moulder, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi in Jackson. The ACLU and attorney Oliver Diaz are co-counsel.
The complaint can be found at:
https://www.aclu.org/legal-document/alford-v-moulder-complaint
More information is at:
https://www.aclu.org/cases/alford-v-moulder
About this mod Bandits want what you have, Drug Addicts want your chems and plain crazy cannibals will hunt you for your meat. Enemies will now seek you out, no matter where you try and hide, bandits will attempt to rob or kill people in populated areas too Permissions and credits Author's instructions Don't upload anywhere else, no permissions will be given File credits This author has not credited anyone else in this file Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points Translations German Translations available on the Nexus Language Name German Author: Svorge No Place is Safe - Hunted Encounters - German Translation German Author: commodore777 NIS Hunted Encounters - German Changelogs Version 2.2 Removed patrolling bandits and patrolling Deathclaws, due to bug which they caused all the other enemies to never spawn Fixed no enemies spawning after encounter with patrolling enemies Adjusted settings to ensure enemies spawn correctly again
Version 2.1 Added Patrolling Bandits who spawn as you progress the game, they have a high chance to spawn outside settlements and attack Added 5 Deathsclaw encounters who spawn as reach level 40+, they have a high chance to spawn outside settlements and attack but also seek you out if you cross their path on the map Changed interior spawning times and settings making them wait for a while, should make it smoother and less likely for them to appear moments after you enter a cell Many small fixes and edits to settings to ensure enemies spawn within reasonable peramiters
Version 2 Fixed cannibal boss spawning at low level Changed some settings for when enemies are in interiors to prevent teleporting Added a new safeguard package to stop enemies teleporting while inside interiors Decreased times for enemies to look for player, which should help stop them teleporting once they are occupied
Version 1.9 Fixed bug where interior enemies where teleporting to the player as soon as they spawned Changed Interior spawns to seek out the player once both are in interiors, they also stop randomly and wait in ambush sometimes before searching again Removed Railway Rifle from standard enemies, only stalkers and bosses, and high level enemies should carry them now
Version 1.8 Fixed Gunner faction Added gunners back to gunner faction
Version 1.7 Small fix to Hunter Killers, should now be hostile
Version 1.6 Fixed cannibals spawning at level 1 Fixed Addict teleporting to player aftre being triggered Fixed Tracker boss spawning at level 4, should have been in level 40+ Randomised the spawn times once triggered, so even i dont know when they are coming to find you
Version 1.5 New advanced spawn system, will reduce chances of enemeis spawning on player greatly 3 new enemy types, Hunter killers, Stalkers and Titans Fixed INterior spawning, no longer spawns on player Mostly fixed Exterior spawning, rarely spawns directly on player any more Level cap for spawns increased to 80 New triggers, some enemies will spawn when certain items (including quest items) are taken by player Moved npcs to secret interior cell to avoid conflictions
Version 1.4 Changed the way enemies seek you out, which prevents them spawning directly on you while resting, instead they appear about 5 metres or more away depending on terrain and scenery Reduced amounts of ammo on enemies, some enemies were spawning with far too much
Version 1.3 Enemies should no longer spawn directly on player, but nearby and will detect you when you move after resting When resting in interior, enemies should spawn at the furthest door from you Created optional Easy version Removed unused Purified water, dirty water, wine and fooodpaste from levelled lists
Version 1.2 I decided to remove the chestpieces from the new enemy levelled lists as they were making them naked, so should no longer encounter naked enemies Adjusted levelled lists for addict drugs, they now have a chance to carry any drug in the game Various Adjustments to ammo and chance of having chems, food ect as the enemies were sometimes spawning with 5-6 stimpacks or radaways. Should be fair now and only have 1-2 max
Version 1.1 Power armour glitching on Trackers Fixed Removed Synth chestpiece from new enemie's outfits due to it making them naked Set Enemies to only pursue player after level 3 and above OR when they trigger them by entering a specific location to avoid enemies spawning during the new game sequence Bandit bosses now have better equipment Slightly increased chance of bosses spawning Enemies Now will spawn up to level 55 on level up, but will still spawn independantly when visiting locations Added 31 new spawns
Tired of a static, predictable game?
This mod changes that
Description
If updating from 1.3 or 1.4 To a newer version, it requires a clean install (remove mod, load game, save game, exit, check new version. play, save game) Failure to do this will break the mod, as a new spawn system is in place
This mod adds a number of encounters, based on level as well as when you obtain certain items, for example taking a high tech weapon or rare item may cause some Stalkers to come after you. New enemies will seek you out and try to kill you and can find you no matter where you are and will find ways into your settlement, after all they didn't make it this far without some skills.
Battles will become unpredictable and you will always be watching over your shoulder for the next Maniac who wants to steal what you have as well as random interactions where they are robbing or trying to attack a settlement.
Simply play as normal and eventually someone will come looking for you, be warned, this mod wasn't made to be easy and enemies spawn at high levels even from a new game. Sometimes you will have to just run, but they wont give up their pursuit once they see your loot.
The aim is to be a realistic mod and may sometimes appear unbalanced as a result
When resting, enemies that are currently looking for you may catch up and appear when you wake.
New enemy types:
Bandits
The most common type of enemy, they want your stuff. They use anything from Melee to high level rifles and will chase you down.
They have good gear and powerful weapons, and know how to handle a firefight
Cannibals
Looking to cut your flesh away and eat it, they are recognised by their poor appearance of rags, may carry guns or melee. The weakest of the new enemies they are easy to shoot down but have been known to easily sneak up on people.
Maniacs
Men and women driven insane by radiation, they are crazy blood seeking murderers. They prefer melee weapons such as rippers and sledgehammers, but don't be fooled. Due to their insane nature they have a 30% increased running speed and attack speed and wont give up easily
Addicts
Looking for their next fix, they are fuelled with buffout, med X and any other number of drugs. They have over double the health pool of all the other classes and feel no pain, relentlessly attacking their enemy to get those precious chems
Trackers
Not as combat savy as the rest of the classes, but they have perception of 10. Meaning they are almost impossible to hide from. They are tasked by their Bandit group to find new targets and hunt them down, they have also been known to call in reinforcements if they cant take down their target
Stalkers
Carrying advanced tech, these enemies are rare but use stealth tech to hide and ambush you, if you take high tech items (such as an advanced alien weapon) these enemies will seek you out. They are rare, but cannot be targeted in vats, are almost invisible and use high tech grenades and laser weapons
Hunter Killers
Highly dangerous cyborgs, they were once escaped synths but something went wrong. They have upgraded themselves and they only spawn at high player levels. Very tough, high tech weapons and don't give up. Will hunt you down and destroy everything in their path to kill you
Titans
Power armour using bandits, they are the best of the best, even stronger than the boss classes of the human bandits. Very tough, but still use raider weapons. And they are still human, spawn at mid to high level players
Bosses
Each class also has a few bosses that may spawn at higher levels, however these are extremely rare. Just be warned, they have survived a long time in the wastes and have acquired some high level tech
How to play this mod
This mod doesn't require a new game, but some of the enemy spawns work when the player levels up (level 3 to level 80)
For example: Attacking a raider dungeon may trigger a few bandits coming after you to get revenge, they will spawn far away and then may take anything from a few minutes to and hour to find you on the map
Be careful when resting as they may ambush you when you wake up
Installation
Simple file, place in Data Folder
Permissions
Do not upload this anywhere else and do not edit and upload unless I give permission, if you are just translating it that's allowed just let me know
Known bugs
1. Do not use the 'kill all' command in the command console, this will break the mod, even If you cant see any enemies around.
2. Sometimes killing an enemy, loading a earlier save and playing again will cause them to never spawn again, unknown why3
3. IMPORTANT, I suggest you turn off sleeping in survival mode and do no rest, as enemies will tend to fast travel to you, this is not intended
A bipartisan pair of lawmakers is calling on the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee to hold a hearing on a planned sale of precision-guided munitions kits to Saudi Arabia.
The kits, which turn so-called dumb bombs into so-called smart bombs, are part of a $110 billion arms deal finalized by President Trump last weekend during his trip to Saudi Arabia — and they're prompting a fight in the Senate.
“The possession of precision-guided weapons should not be conflated with possessing dynamic targeting capabilities; the ability to strike an enemy and avoid civilian casualties requires extensive training, stringent targeting approval processes and clear rules of engagement,” Reps. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) and Ted Yoho Theodore (Ted) Scott YohoThe new Democratic Congress has an opportunity to move legislation to help horses On The Money: Trump says he won't declare emergency 'so fast' | Shutdown poised to become longest in history | Congress approves back pay for workers | More federal unions sue over shutdown The 7 Republicans who voted against back pay for furloughed workers MORE (R-Fla.) wrote to Chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) on Thursday.
“At a bare minimum, our committee has a responsibility to ensure that those capabilities are in place before allowing this sale to proceed.”
Lawmakers have 30 days from when they received notification of the sale — which occurred Monday — to block it.
In addition to sending the letter, Lieu on Thursday introduce a resolution that would put conditions on the sale of air-to-ground munitions to Saudi Arabia. The president would have to certify Saudi Arabia is taking all feasible precautions to protect civilians, facilitating the flow of humanitarian aid and taking steps to target terrorist groups.
In their letter, Lieu and Yoho focused on Saudi Arabia's conduct in Yemen's civil war, where it is leading a coalition fighting against Houthi rebels.
Critics, including Lieu and Yoho, have slammed Saudi Arabia for the high civilian death toll in the war, saying the kingdom is at a minimum woefully negligent in its targeting.
The pair wrote that administration officials have so far provided inadequate responses to their questions about the Royal Saudi Air Force's abilities.
In a letter dated April 26, the Pentagon told Lieu that it “shares [his] concern” about civilians in Yemen.
“U.S. civilian and military experts regularly engage with Saudi military personnel to ensure their awareness of the obligations under the law of armed conflict and of civilian casualty mitigation measures,” acting Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Theresa Whelan wrote.
Another letter from the State Department, dated May 2, told Lieu that “we continue to underscore the importance of civilian harm mitigation measure in our high-level discussions with Saudi Arabia.”
“Our efforts to reduce the risk of civilian casualties are conducted in parallel with our sustained diplomatic engagement to facilitate an end to the conflict in Yemen through a political solution, mediated by the United Nations,” Joseph Macmanus, of the department Bureau of Legislative Affairs, added in the letter.
Lieu and Yoho argue in their letter that the administration has not outlined how the precision-guided munitions will help the goal of a negotiated settlement to the war.
“After two years of conflict, Yemen faces one of the most urgent humanitarian crises in the world, with 7 million people facing severe hunger and 18.8 million in need of aid,” they wrote. “It is incumbent on our Committee to exercise its oversight powers to ask tough questions of the administration and shape U.S. foreign policy.”
President Obama recently floated the idea of mandatory voting as a way to get Americans to the polls. At Bloomberg View, Stephen L. Carter thinks that's the wrong approach, and a simpler solution would just be to pay people to vote.
The roughly 63 percent of Americans who stayed home in last year's election may find Carter's unashamed explanation of why he doesn't vote refreshing:
I find that I am more at peace when I don't bother following electoral politics than when I do. Staying away from the polls helps me to focus on my work, to take a relaxed attitude toward life, even to be a better husband and father than I otherwise might. So naturally I'm distressed at the thought that my government would even consider using coercion to disturb my peace of mind. This isn't apathy. And it's not that I'm uninformed. But given that my vote can't possibly make any difference to the outcome, I'm hard-pressed to come up with a reason to go to the polls. Our political parties and their supporters, with their adolescent sloganeering and emotional appeals, make the prospect of participation in their nonsense entirely unenticing.
Payments for ballots are effectively a negative poll tax, which is a compelling idea. Voting means time off work, and we already pay people for jury duty, another basic civic responsibility.
Welcome to Wonkbook. To subscribe by e-mail, click here. Send comments, criticism or ideas to Wonkbook at Washpost dot com. Follow Wonkblog on Twitter and Facebook.
What's in Wonkbook: 1) Negotiations with Iran 2) Long reads, including Judis on Rahm Emanuel 3) The most important blog fight ever, and more
Map of the day: American freight trains are suddenly carrying crude oil all over the country. As domestic drilling has expanded, the volume of crude moved by rail has increased from 55,000 barrels per day in 2010 to more than 1 million per day last year. Christopher Ingraham in The Washington Post.
1. Top story: Iran agrees to framework
Iran agrees in principle to constrain its nuclear ambitions. "In return, international sanctions that have battered Iran's economy would be lifted in phases if it meets its commitments, meaning it could take a year or less for relief from the penalties to kick in. The framework agreement, a milestone in negotiations that began 12 years ago, is not a final deal. But it creates parameters for three more months of negotiations over technical details and some matters that remain unresolved." Carol Morello in The Washington Post.
Negotiators have made a lot of progress. "There's still plenty of work to be done, but the diplomatic efforts of the U.S. and its interlocutors could now lead to a historic opening with the Islamic Republic, whose leadership -- at least some figures within it -- are desperate for closer ties with the West. Analysts appear surprised by the thoroughness of this framework agreement, which gives proponents of a deal hope that a real pact may be sealed this summer." Ishaan Tharoor in The Washington Post.
Both Iran and the United States had to be flexible in order to get this far. "Top Obama administration officials entered negotiations with Iran in September 2013 hoping to dismantle most of the country's nuclear infrastructure... The White House decided a less ambitious agreement would be pursued... with the U.S. making steady concessions over the course of the talks. But the Iranians also took steps—mothballing thousands of centrifuge machines, expanding the role of U.N. inspectors and diminishing its stockpile of fissile material—that many experts doubted they would." Jay Solomon and Carol E. Lee in The Wall Street Journal.
Ordinary Iranians are overjoyed at the prospect of an end to sanctions. "'We have been disappointed so many times, I can't really believe there might be an end to this,' said Mohammad Reza, 21. ... Many in Iran have spent the past week following the news, but also expressing doubt that there would ever be a solution. The sanctions have cut deeply into the lives of ordinary people, contributing to an inflation rate that has exceeded 40 percent, slashing buying power and generally casting a blanket of depression over the nation of 70 million." Thomas Erdbrink in The New York Times.
In Congress, lawmakers are going to try to force Obama to let them at least review the deal. "The White House and its Democratic allies in Congress have warned for more than a year against Congress taking steps such as imposing additional sanctions that could disrupt talks. But many Republicans, along with a number of Democrats, have increasingly called for lawmakers to have a greater role in the process, including the ability to review and either accept or reject any final deal. ... President Barack Obama is open to discussions with lawmakers about how they will play an oversight role." Michael R. Crittenden and Kristina Peterson in The Wall Street Journal.
But that doesn't mean they're set on rejecting it. "A pivotal player is the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee. A conservative former mayor and businessman, Mr Corker is no fan of Mr Obama but is more willing to give him a hearing than some of his more ferociously partisan colleagues. Mr Corker has drafted his own bill that would require the Obama administration to submit any final deal with Iran to Congress for 60 days of review. Mr Corker signalled that he would give Mr Obama and international negotiators some breathing room. ... Mr Corker's Democratic allies make it likely that he could pass a bill—though perhaps not with the 67 votes needed to over-ride a presidential veto." The Economist.
A final deal could lead to even lower oil prices. "The framework nuclear deal between Iran and six global powers on Thursday boosts the odds for the lifting of curbs on Tehran's oil exports, but it doesn't throw open the floodgates of Iranian crude supply just yet. ... Once sanctions are lifted, initial Iranian crude sales could begin trickling in from its stockpiles. Iran has put large volumes of crude into storage as it produced more than it could export or consume domestically. ... If sanctions are lifted Iran could supply another 1 million to 1.2 million barrels of oil a day by next year, adding to the global oversupply and pressuring oil prices." Eric Yep in The Wall Street Journal.
IGNATIUS: The deal isn't perfect, but there are no good options. "The most compelling argument President Obama made Thursday for the nuclear framework deal with Iran was also the simplest one: The pact, once concluded, would be preferable to any realistic alternative." The Washington Post.
2. Top long reads
Chicago is broken. Can either mayoral candidate fix it? "If you drive through the predominantly African-American neighborhoods on Chicago's far South and West Sides, it's difficult not to be struck by the sheer desolation. While much of the city—including Pilsen, a Mexican-American area where Garcia grew up—teems with life and commerce, swathes of the South and West Sides seem bereft of hope. Garbage is strewn on empty lots, stores are boarded up, and streets are deserted in daytime. ... As if the socioeconomic gap wasn't hard enough to solve on its own, it's made even more difficult by the local government's terrible fiscal condition. ... By the end of 2012, the assets in the city's funds amounted to just 36 percent of their liabilities. At this dismal level, the pension funds began to use their assets to pay off immediate benefits. That meant the total funds were being steadily reduced, which meant the investment income was also going down. The pension funds were in a death spiral—and they still are. ... Whoever ends up serving as mayor will face a daunting set of challenges, with few clear solutions in sight." John B. Judis in National Journal.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry governs like an old-school political boss. "His tenure as governor provides a window into how he might govern, combining unremarkable policy achievements with remarkable increases both in his power and in his dispensing of rewards for those who help him. Rick Perry represents a model of politician not yet quite known in American politics. He is less a cowboy governor than what would be termed in Mexican politics a caudillo, a strongman. It is no coincidence, then, that the criminal case against him in Austin represents a collision between his vast but informal power and the rules of the road in American governance. And there is more to this case than meets the eye." Richard Parker in The Atlantic.
It's time for a radical alternative to prison that would be less expensive and help people become productive citizens. "It's simply not true that to punish someone and control his behavior you need to lock him up and pay for his room and board. ... A substantial fraction of prison releasees go from a cellblock to living under a bridge: not a good way to start free life. Spend some of the money that would otherwise have financed a prison cell to rent a small, sparsely furnished efficiency apartment. In some ways, that apartment is still a cell and the offender still a prisoner. He can't leave it or have visitors except as specifically permitted. The unit has cameras inside and is subject to search. But he doesn't need guards, and doesn't have to worry about prison gangs or inmate-on-inmate assault. Drug testing and sanctions can avoid relapse to problem drug use; GPS monitoring can show where the re-entrant is all the time, which in turn makes it easy to know whether he's at work when he's supposed to be at work and at home when he's supposed to be at home." Mark A.R. Kleiman, Angela Hawken and Ross Halperin at Vox.
America's jails have become hell. "The modern American jail — which is distinct from prison, the place where those convicted of crimes go — primarily houses the legally innocent. ... Of course, not being convicted of a crime does little to change the character of time spent in jail. And because jails attract almost no media attention, because they are often run by corrupt or incompetent local officials, and because skinflint local governments often refuse to provide the money for decent conditions, in many cases jail time can be as unjust or brutal as that spent in state or federal prison — if not more so." Ryan Cooper in The Week.
There's little evidence that Alcoholics Anonymous helps people recover from addiction, but other techniques have been proven to work. "The debate over the efficacy of 12-step programs has been quietly bubbling for decades among addiction specialists. But it has taken on new urgency with the passage of the Affordable Care Act, which requires all insurers and state Medicaid programs to pay for alcohol- and substance-abuse treatment... With the Affordable Care Act's expansion of coverage, it's time to ask some important questions: Which treatments should we be willing to pay for? Have they been proved effective? ... Nothing about the 12-step approach draws on modern science: not the character building, not the tough love, not even the standard 28-day rehab stay." Gabrielle Glaser in The Atlantic.
Burdensome zoning and land-use regulations shrink the economy by a whopping 13 percent -- about $2 trillion per year. "Building regulations keep urban-land productivity low, and the costs are staggering. A 2005 study by Mr Glaeser and Raven Saks, of America's Federal Reserve, and Joseph Gyourko, of the University of Pennsylvania, attempted to derive the share of property costs attributable to regulatory limits on supply. In 1998 this 'shadow tax”', as they call it, was about 20% in Washington, DC, and Boston and about 50% in San Francisco and Manhattan. Matters have almost certainly got worse since then. Similar work by Paul Cheshire and Christian Hilber, of the London School of Economics, estimated that in the early 2000s this regulatory shadow tax was roughly 300% in Milan and Paris, 450% in the City of London, and 800% in its West End. The lion's share of the value of commercial real estate in Europe's most economically important cities is thus attributable to rules that make building difficult. One may find it hard to sympathise with Mayfair hedge funds facing high rents. But the net effect of these costs is felt more by the poor than by the rich." Ryan Avent in The Economist.
3. In case you missed it
Former Treasury secretary Larry Summers and former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke debate the future of the economy. "Why the heck are interest rates so low? ... Summers worries it's a new old problem called 'secular stagnation.' That's the idea that, absent a bubble, the economy will be stuck in a never-ending slump, because inflation-adjusted interest rates can't go low enough to get people to borrow and invest. ... But Bernanke thinks this is overly pessimistic. The U.S. economy looks like it's picking up speed now, and it was going plenty fast in the 1990s even before the tech bubble turned the Pets.com sock puppet into the avatar of irrational exuberance." Matt O'Brien in The Washington Post.
It's long past time to raise the tax on alcohol. "Higher taxes make alcohol more expensive. More expensive alcohol makes people drink less of it. And when people are drinking less, they're less likely to suffer costly health problems or do stupid things like drive drunk." Christopher Ingraham in The Washington Post.
Canada has found a way to get dads to do more housework. "It turns out that giving new dads the opportunity to spend some time with their new kids is not only important for the short term but also has huge consequences for the family dynamic later on. New research out of Canada being released Thursday shows that a small change in policy -- making it 'normal' and expected for fathers to take parental leave -- not only led men to spend more time with their new babies, but to also do more housework and pick up more child-care responsibilities down the road." Brigid Schulte in The Washington Post.
The Icelanders have risen up and humiliated their political class over its handling of the financial crisis, as I mentioned on Thursday.
But there's nothing terribly unusual about their sense of powerlessness and alienation from the writing of the rules of the banking and finance game.
When it comes to how banks are allowed to behave, sovereignty over decision-making rarely rests with citizens.
Did anyone actually ask us whether we wanted our banks rescued to the tune of £1.2 trillion during and after the crisis of 2008?
If they had, we might have said no.
So perhaps it's a good thing that politicians and central bankers simply did what they thought was best for us, without consulting - because if the banks had gone down, the contraction in our economy would have been far far worse than it turned out to be.
Better to leave it to the experts, eh?
But hang on a tick: who actually got us into this mess in the first place?
It wasn't the fault of ordinary citizens like you and me.
It was those self-proclaimed experts who allowed our banks to become too huge, too complicated, too addicted to taking crazy risks, and too poorly endowed with life-preserving capital.
We trusted the Treasury, the Financial Services Authority and the Bank of England to make the right decisions about the structure and stewardship of our banking industry - and they got it spectacularly wrong.
That's representative democracy - but actually normal representative democracy doesn't really operate in this sphere,
How so? Well, most of our elected representatives - including ministers - understand less about banking and finance than even those who actually ran the banks.
So, little did we know, we have been delegating most of the really important decisions about all this to a financial priesthood: faceless, unelected, unaccountable technocrats who make up a committee that meets in the picture-postcard Swiss town of Basel - what's known as the Basel Committee on banking supervision.
These financial priests let us down too.
The rules they imposed on banks that were intended to limit dangerous risk-taking actually had the effect of encouraging banks to behave imprudently.
Their rules made the financial system more fragile, not less.
Here's the funny thing. Although we as taxpayers have come to the rescue of the financial system on an unprecedented scale, we're allowing those aloof financial priests to design the new system.
It's true that ministers have published policy papers on the structure of regulation and the method for limiting the contagion when a bank gets into difficulties.
And the Tories have proposed that the Bank of England should have much more power to police banks.
As for the Basel Committee, it has set out plans to revise and rehabilitate its own flawed rules for the banking industry (and this weekend, the Basel Committee's host, the Bank for International Settlements - known as the central bankers' central bank - will warn commercial bankers that they may already be taking silly risks again).
But none of this represents a proper public debate on the big questions that matter, such as:
• whether there should be a limit on the size of banks;
• whether those banks that take our deposits and lend to business, and will always be supported by taxpayers because of their importance to the economy, should be prohibited from engaging in certain kinds of more speculative business; or
• whether our economy is excessively dependent on the City.
Since we've picked up an enormous bill for the banks' recklessness and fecklessness, you might think we should be having a proper say over what kind of banks we want, for our money.
Image copyright SPL
Errors that led to fingerprint and DNA records of hundreds of terror suspects being deleted were more widespread than thought, it has emerged.
The biometrics commissioner said two months ago that 450 profiles had been wrongly deleted from a police database in England and Wales.
But in an updated report, Alastair MacGregor revealed the figure was 810.
The Home Office, which released the report, said steps were being taken to fix the issue.
The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) said the identity of the individuals was known, and "the risks they potentially pose are being managed".
Under a new system introduced in 2013, DNA and fingerprint profiles of people who are not convicted of a crime have to be removed from a counter-terrorism database.
However, the records can be kept in the interests of national security - such as in cases where someone has been suspected of having links to terrorism - when a senior officer makes a national security determination (NSD).
But Mr MacGregor said the 810 profiles had been deleted because police officers had failed to make NSD applications in time.
Quick response urged
He found that in at least 108 cases there would have been national security grounds to store the data and the records "could and should have been retained".
He added: "It is obviously very important that steps quickly be taken to establish whether - and, if so, how - replacement material should be obtained from those individuals and/or other action should be taken to minimise any risk which they pose to national security."
Mr MacGregor also revised upwards the number of people on British counter-terrorism databases who have not been convicted of a "recordable" offence, from 3,800 to 4,500.
However, he said he was "broadly satisfied" that the issues he raised were being addressed.
A Home Office spokesman said: "The commissioner has concluded that steps are being taken to address these issues, and the police have provided further assurances that they will be kept under close review.
"The government's full response to the commissioner's annual report will be published in due course."
Assistant Chief Constable Alan Barr of the NPCC said the error was the result of "a number of different factors across our processes".
"We have worked with the biometrics commissioner to develop a comprehensive plan to rectify the immediate issues and to ensure this will not happen again," he said.
"The identity of these individuals is known and the risks they potentially pose are being managed in conjunction with partner agencies to minimise any long term risk to the public."
What is a DNA database?
Image copyright Science Photo Library
Police take a DNA sample from every individual they arrest, and since 1995 profiles have been added to an electronic database
Two types of DNA profile - a string of numbers and two letters (indicating sex) - are held; individuals and crime scenes
An individual sample is taken through a cheek swab and contains the entirety of a person's genetic information
The profile contains very limited information - but it is sufficient to identify a person, for example from samples taken at a crime scene
The database held 5.7m DNA profiles from individuals and 486,691 from crime scenes, as of 31 March 2015
The Home Office, which operates and maintains the database, says in 2014/15, it provided 30,330 matches, including to 438 offences of homicide and 635 rapes
Since 1998 more than 300,000 crimes have been detected with its help, it says
Source: Biometrics Commissioner's annual report, 2015, and Home Office and National DNA database annual report
New study by European Food and Safety Authority finds ‘high risk' to bees from neonicotinoid pesticide sprays prompting calls for extending ban
Three pesticides banned in Europe for their potential to damage bee populations could pose an even greater threat than was thought, according to a new assessment by the European Food Safety Authority (Efsa).
Already proscribed for seed treatments and soil applications, the Efsa analysis says that clothianidin, imidacloprid and thiamethoxam also pose a ‘high risk' to bees when sprayed on leaves.
The UK is currently facing a legal challenge to an emergency exemption it granted, allowing use of two of the substances, after protests by the National Farmers Union.
But far from supporting the British case, the advisory expert assessment will add to pressure for an extension of the ban to apply to fruit orchards after blooming, and crops gown in greenhouses, Greenpeace says.
“The commission should expand the EU-wide ban to cover all uses of neonicotinoids on all crops, and end the self-service approach to derogations. Viable non-chemical alternatives exist and the EU should encourage farmers to use them,” said the group's agriculture policy director, Marco Contiero.
“The evidence of harm is clear,” added Paul de Zylva, senior nature campaigner for Friends of the Earth. “Questions need to be asked about how these products were ever approved for use when they were not tested for their effects on different types of bees.”
Use of the prohibited substances has been linked to dramatic declines in bee populations. The EU's recommendations allow exemptions to the ban under some circumstances, and a review of their impact is expected in Brussels by the end of the year.
José Tarazona, the head of Efsa's pesticides unit told the Guardian that the new study backed previous risk assessments, in showing (or being unable to exclude) high risks to bees from neonicotinoids.
“It is clear that in some cases there is data suggesting high toxicity and potential risk from these substances,” he said. “We have less information for pollinators like bumblebees and for these species we take a precautionary and conservative approach in applying an additional safety factor for ensuring their protection, and that of other species.”
More than a quarter of European bumblebees – and nearly one in 10 of all honeybees – are at risk of extinction, according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's red list for bees.
But industry groups deny any link between the disappearing bees and pesticide use. Syngenta, which manufactures one of the banned substances even threatened to sue Efsa officials involved in the original risk assessment.
Jean-Charles Bocquet, the director general of the European Crop Protection Agency complained that the latest Efsa opinion relied on a bee risks guidance document that had not yet been approved by an EU standing committee. “As in 2013, Efsa's latest review of neonicotinoid pesticides has relied on an unapproved and entirely impractical regulatory standard,” he said.
A spokesman for Bayer, which manufactures the other two neonicotinoids, said that it would be requesting clarity from the commission about the document's regulatory status.
“The company is very concerned about honey bee health, but we do not think that further restricting certain uses of neonicotinoids will make any meaningful contribution to improving the situation,” Utz Klages said.
He attributed declines in European bee numbers to the weather, viruses and the availability of food and nesting sites.
The two women who managed to get onto the census website before it crashed were 38 year old mothers of two, the Australian Bureau of Statistics has revealed.
Releasing its profile of the ‘typical' Australian today, based on the 2016 census data, the ABS said a very clear picture emerged. “The average Australian today is 38, female, has two cars, two kids, and is a smoker half of the time,” an ABS spokesperson told media.
“50% of Australians are called Deborah; 50% are called Jenny,” he said.
But while that profile holds for Australians as a whole, by state, a very different picture emerges. “Everyone in Victoria is called Jenny, whereas in New South Wales, no-one is,” the spokesperson said. Deborah is the most popular name in New South Wales.
The ABS said that other states don't have people – a sizeable drop since the 2011 census.
Become a Shovel member. Or follow us on Email | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
Lab (ShutterStock)
Scientists Shannon Morris, Melissa Lee and Kevin Rafferty are suing the crime lab that they were fired from at New York State police department. When the two tried to correct errors they saw in the lab, they say they were silenced and others retaliated against them because the errors were working out in their favor to garner more prosecutions.
The department was working to implement a computerized DNA analysis system called TrueAllele which would guarantee results of the tests are correct. But because of pressure from the police to get more convictions, the use of the system was scrapped.
Their attorney John Bailey explained, “there are people that are very pro-prosecution. They were putting pressure on scientists to reach conclusions that were not scientifically valid. That's what my clients were objecting to.”
The three scientists have worked for the department for over 20 years with otherwise unblemished records. Of the 37 total staffers that were trained using the TrueAllele system, Morris, Lee and Rafferty were the most vocal in their criticisms of the department's old analysis method. They explained that it wasn't long before they were singled out in an “internal investigation” and accused of ethical violations. It served as a pretense to silencing them and blocking the program's full implementation.
State Police spokeswoman Kristin Lowman said the agency used the TrueAllele system but canceled it a year before their five-year contract was up. “The program was not progressing because of the internal investigation. The State Police is committed to the technology and is seeking a new request for proposals to move forward,” she said.
A second case has also been filed in New York City. According to a CBSNews/AP report, after she questioned the use of the DNA profiling technique, Dr. Marina Stajic was told she could retire or be fired from her job as the lab's director. Critics have argued that the system, known as “low copy number,” is unreliable and should not be used in court. Stajic says in the lawsuit documents that her superiors were “displeased that [she] appeared to be aligned with the criminal defense lawyers on the commission” whom she “viewed as adversarial.”
“Courts in all five boroughs have recognized that OCME's DNA techniques are reliable and generally accepted by the scientific community,” the Medical Examiner's office spokeswoman Julie Bolcer said in a statement to CBS.
Lowman claims police aren't concerned about the validity of testing, however, “We were audited by the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation on all aspects of our forensic biology (DNA) operation and are in full compliance with all of our accrediting and oversight body requirements.”
Neither case has gone to court as of yet.
California Cash Redemption Value Deposit notice on a bottle sold in continental U.S. indicating the container's deposit value in various states; "CA CRV" means
There are ten states in the United States with container deposit legislation, popularly called "bottle bills" after the Oregon Bottle Bill, the first such legislation that was passed.[1] Efforts to pass container deposit legislation in states that do not have them are often politically contentious. The U.S. beverage container industry—including both the bottlers of water, soda, beer, and the owners of grocery stores and convenience stores—often spends large amounts of money in the United States lobbying against the introduction of both new and amended beverage container deposit legislation.[citation needed]
Container deposit legislation (CDL) requires a refundable deposit on certain types of recyclable beverage containers in order to ensure an increased recycling rate. Studies show that beverage container legislation has reduced total roadside litter by between 30% and 64% in the states with bottle bills.[2]
Studies also show that the recycling rate for beverage containers is vastly increased with a bottle bill. The United States' overall beverage container recycling rate is approximately 33%, while states with container deposit laws have a 70% average rate of beverage container recycling. Michigan's recycling rate of 97% from 1990 to 2008 was the highest in the nation, as is its $0.10 deposit.[3]
Proponents of container deposit legislation have pointed to the small financial responsibilities of the states. Financing these programs are the responsibility of the beverage industry and consumers.[3] Producers are responsible for disposing of returned products, while consumers are responsible for collecting their refunds.
In Connecticut, Maine, Michigan, and Massachusetts the courts have ruled that unclaimed deposits are deemed abandoned by the public and are therefore property of the state. These states use this money to fund other environmental programs. In California and Hawaii uncollected deposits are used to cover the administrative costs of the deposit program.[3][4]
States with container deposits [ edit ]
Repealed legislation [ edit ]
Delaware (5¢), Beverage Container Regulation 1982 [Repealed in 2009]. Included beer, malt, ale, soft drinks, mineral water, soda water, and covered all containers under 2 U.S. qt (1.89 L) (with the exception of aluminum).[29] Container deposit legislation was repealed by Senate Bill 234. As of December 1, 2010, consumers no longer paid a deposit on containers; no refunds were paid after February 1, 2011.[30]
Delaware has a non-refundable 4¢ tax per beverage container sold, which retailers must remit to the state monthly.[31]
Washington State Late 1970s (5¢) aluminum can and (10¢) glass bottle return voted for and unanimously passed. Before implementation, state lawmakers repealed the law stating publicly that Washington State voters did not know what they had voted for. Mostly due to lobbying by large recycling companies not wanting to lose profits.[citation needed]
Proposed legislation [ edit ]
Texas unsuccessfully attempted to introduce a bottle bill into legislation in 2011. The bill set a redemption goal of 75%, with a deposit rate of 10¢ for containers 24 U.S. fl oz (710 mL) or less, and 15¢ for larger containers. Beverages covered would have been: beer, malt, carbonated soft drinks, mineral water, wine, coffee, tea, juices, flavored waters, and non-carbonated waters (dairy products excluded). Containers made of glass, plastic or aluminum containing a beverage of 4 L (1.1 U.S. gal) or less would have been covered.[32] The Texas bottle bill did not gather enough votes.[33]
Tennessee had attempted to pass the Tennessee Bottle Bill in 2009 and 2010, which was projected to increase its recycling rate from 10% to 80%.
The Massachusetts legislature failed over several sessions to expand its bottle law to cover bottled water and sports drinks in line with its New England neighbors. Massachusetts environmental activists attempted a ballot petition in November 2014. The bill failed 27% to 73%.[34] The beverage industry funded over 80% of a more than $9 million campaign, which outspent environmental groups by a margin of more than 6 to 1. The anti-bottle bill ads presented statistics that were shown to be false.[35]
See also [ edit ]
Nintendo's hidden Smash Bros Melee message that no one will see Nintendo's Treehouse translation team talks about why they leave Easter eggs in their work, including one message in Smash Bros Melee that's almost impossible to achieve.
Nintendo's Treehouse division, the translation team responsible for many of its successful franchises making the jump to the states, has hidden a few Easter eggs deep in the recesses of its games. At least one of them, in Super Smash Bros. Melee, is so hidden they expect no one will ever find it on their own.
The team told Kotaku that it has been putting in little jokes or bits of dialogue in obscure spots for years. They might find a line funny, but figure no one will ever see it. One particularly hidden message in Melee is only seen after the player finishes a million matches. Even if you played extremely short matches, you'd have to do it for thousands of hours just to make the special message appear.
"It was largely unexciting," said Treehouse's Nate Bihldorff, who worked on the Mario & Luigi games. "I think it said, 'Go outside.'"
So what's the point of inserting text that they're fairly certain no one will find? Translator Tim O'Leary said they were essentially "writing those for each other." But another Treehouse veteran, Rich Amtower, has a different perspective.
"That's what a lot of my philosophy of the writing of it comes down to--you wanna reward people for having gone through the trouble," Amtower said. "It's really fun to think that someone might have done all that stuff and then get that awesome message out of nowhere."
For consumers staring at their screen wondering why “House of Cards” is not streaming in HD or why the live season finale of “True Detective” on HBO GO is displaying a “buffering, please stand by” message, there are often more questions than answers and a slew of potential culprits. As frustrating as things can be now, there are some future scenarios where the situation could get worse.
Since launching Qwilt in 2011, I've seen online video grow to be one of the hardest challenges network operators face today. In my role as CEO, I've overseen Qwilt's engagements with more than 150 network operator customers worldwide — some of whom are experiencing 90% growth of video year over year which translates to 60% growth of their overall internet traffic. This presents not only a tremendous opportunity, but also its own set of challenges.
Advertisement
It takes a village: Ecosystem cooperation is paramount
Your ability to get a high quality, reliable video to stream at an affordable price is dependent on a remarkably sophisticated level of cooperation within the industry. At every step in the video streaming ecosystem, from the content provider's origin server, to commercial Content Delivery Network (CDN), to transit and peering exchange points, to the network operator and finally to your home, your stream must navigate a diverse group of commercial businesses, business models and gateways. Given that we want to use this model to support Live Event Streaming, this topic deserves more attention.
Today: Streaming content across the internet to consumers strains operator networks
Network operators increasingly view their fixed and mobile broadband offerings as strategic product lines. In August of last year, James Dolan, CEO of Cablevision, famously stated that given the inevitable transition of TV to the internet, “there could come a day” when Cablevision stops offering TV service, making broadband its primary offering. To this end, it's apparent cable operators are placing an increased focus on scale, optimization and Quality of Experience (QoE).
Adding to this, content providers like Netflix and Google now regularly publish ISP rankings that expose both the best and worst performing ISPs by region — rankings that have prompted ISPs to step up investments in their broadband offering in order to remain competitive in their markets. This also provides content providers with a clear and beneficial agenda for the ecosystem — to promote competition among broadband operators and encourage those who perform poorly to improve their game. Ultimately, these rankings ensure accountability lies with the network operator instead of the content provider when the consumer's experience is unsatisfactory and network performance is the cause.
Operators have started to respond to rising expectations about quality with more infrastructure investments and as a result, consumers have started to get better service. Forces within the ecosystem, in this scenario, are acting for the good of all members.
Why you should care about an open caching architecture
Fortunately, the long-term solution for online video is not just about building bigger networks. It's really about building an intelligent network that leverages optimization technology, such as transparent caching which pushes content out to the neighborhood where it can be delivered more cost effectively to consumers. A number of these online video optimization initiatives are already underway to address network scale within the current ecosystem model. Specifically, a number of US cable operators, including Mediacom Communications, have deployed transparent caching technology to leverage the value of caching video deep in their networks, close to consumers.
Tomorrow: Most content is streamed from cache in the neighborhood
Transparent caching deployed inside operator networks embraces an open architecture. This infrastructure is transparent, universal, neutral, trusted and secure. This open architecture stands in contrast to the closed cache systems operated by some content providers today which appear as black boxes to network operators. These closed caches systems address only one content provider at a time and, therefore, reduce the ability of operators to optimize traffic on their networks. So, for example, content streamed from Content Provider A will not be cached by Content Provider G's closed cache.
Operators are also deploying their own CDNs so they can offer video streaming directly to their consumers. However, given the commercial results published to date, an open caching architecture offers the most compelling overall value to network operators in terms of optimization for network costs and quality of experience. In the future, it's a good possibility that content providers will use operator caching resources just as they use core routers and data switches today to get their content to consumers.
Network operators have a strategic choice to make, therefore, in terms of how they prepare their networks for the future of online video. Now that it is evident a network-based caching function is needed to optimize online video, operators must choose between closed, proprietary systems from individual content providers and an open architecture for caching content within their networks. The business case for caching clearly points toward an open architecture.
Optimization of the network for online video depends on ecosystem engagement
With all that said, the online video situation is dynamic and there is some cause for concern. Given recent events such as the revelations of vast NSA surveillance programs, there are some new scenarios that may emerge. One particular scenario is encryption or related actions by the content providers that would obscure the video stream running across the operator network.
Currently, most content providers use HTTP protocols to transmit video from their servers to the consumer. This open protocol allows transparent caching technology deployed in operator networks to detect, classify, store and deliver over-the-top (OTT) video, including VoD and live, from a wide range of content providers. This caching optimization tool, therefore, is available to operators who are looking for an open, universal and content-agnostic networking solution to optimize OTT traffic. HTTP, when coupled with Digital Rights Management (DRM) offer content providers and consumers the privacy and protection they need to manage cost on the one hand while providing consumers with assurance of privacy on the other.
Despite this current status quo, content providers are considering further steps to obscure their content. Indeed, last November, Eric Schmidt, Google's executive chairman said, “Encrypting everything could end government censorship for a decade.”
A streaming video alliance could create an open forum where online video can flourish
We've reached the point in the evolution of online streaming where more open and transparent interaction among ecosystem members is in order. To this end, an industry forum may be a suitable vehicle to allow all members of the ecosystem, regardless of their size and role, to have a seat at the table. This forum, a video streaming alliance, would be charged with creating an open architecture for interconnection so members can know what to expect from each other in terms of operations, quality, security and privacy. Mutual goals of transparency, open architecture and quality of service will almost certainly emerge as themes to get the industry alliance off the ground.
We're fortunate to be at this formative stage of development in the industry. Together, as members of the ecosystem, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to chart the course for the streaming industry that will allow online video to flourish.
Alon Maor is CEO and co-founder of Qwilt, a provider of online video delivery and transparent caching solutions for service providers. With more than fifteen years of experience in multi-national high-tech companies and startups, Maor leads Qwilt's strategic direction, culture and business execution.
Photo courtesy of Shutterstock user designbydx.
Labour's ‘modernisers' must be willing to look to the past in order to build for the future, writes Progress deputy editor Conor Pope
In their feature for this month's Progress magazine, Ben Shimshon and Cordelia Hay lay out a few rules for progressives to start winning again in 2017, following the 2016 omnicock-up. One of the pieces of advice, in particular, struck a chord: get a change back message.
They contend that both of the big electoral upsets of the year were, to an extent, fairly standard ‘change' campaigns – with one shared subversion to the successful norm: they were about reversing change. Donald Trump's ‘make America great again' slogan rested on the pivotal ‘again', while Vote Leave's ‘take back control' needed the ‘back' in order to chime with the disenfranchised ‘left behinds' they needed to reach. As Shimshon and Hay write: ‘These little qualifiers offered a nostalgic inflection that softened these change messages. They reflected that, for many, the decades of constant change that have accompanied globalisation, technological advance and the onward march of ‘progressive' politics have been a disorientating and marginalising experience.'
For many of us, this is a disconcerting idea. So much of our success comes from moving things forward: we do, after all, think of ourselves ‘progressive'. From the ‘now win the peace' posters in the 1945 campaign, to Harold Wilson's ‘white heat' of the technological revolution, to the entire founding premise on which New Labour was built; it was all about the next, not the last.
Now, it seems it is as much about owning the past as owning the future.
But that reminds me of the reason that Jess Phillips gave to Jacob Rees-Mogg during the 2015 Labour leadership contest for not voting for Liz Kendall. She said that ‘Kendall[‘s leadership campaign] harks back to the past just as much as Jeremy Corbyn. It's just a more recent past.' Back, not forward.
I know that comment gave Progress chair Alison McGovern pause for thought too. How could the candidate of the ‘modernisers' in the party not be seen to be forward-looking?
While that is a problem – and moderate socialists and social democrats have a huge problem working out a vision for the present, let alone the future – it is only part of our difficulties.
What we learned from Richard Carr's excellent long essay (also in the latest issue of Progress) was the truth of Corbyn's ideological history, not the one that has helped him win such support. He is light on actual policy – we are yet to see anything concrete stuff on policy implementation – but he is big on messaging, and he has owned the past. More importantly, for many, he has owned Labour's past.
This is something I have written about previously, and is a failing of our own side. The victor writes the past and New Labour wrote itself out of much it. It had to be iconoclastic to win, by setting itself apart from ‘old Labour'.
But we know that New Labour was, in fact, very much in the vein of many Labour traditions. Recently, I came across a copy of the young Fabians magazine, Anticipations, from 1996. In an interview with Denis Healey, the ex-chancellor (who had first stood for parliament in 1945) argued that ‘[Clement] Attlee would agree with everything Tony [Blair] is doing'. It is a point my colleague Jerome Neil has also touched on recently.
It is something we must contend with if we are to win again. Should the hard-left manage to pass the McDonnell amendment at conference, we could be more likely to see Corbyn willing to stand down and one of his few ideological allies in the parliamentary Labour party receive his blessing. Then we will find out how much of his support depends solely on him, or whether the hard-left has put in place the infrastructure and a strong enough narrative to win without him.
We should always look to own the future – but I think as progressives that will always be something we aim for anyway. It is just that without owning the past, we will fail.
–––––––––––––––
Conor Pope is a deputy editor at Progress. He tweets at @conorpope
–––––––––––––––
Photo
THE MORNING PLUM:
The New York Times reports today that CIA analysts based their explosive conclusion that Russia tried to swing the election to Donald Trump on “overwhelming circumstantial evidence.” This leak appears to be the CIA's response to Trump's efforts to cast doubt on its investigative efforts. After the Post reported that the CIA had concluded that Russia tried to help Trump win, Trump denounced this as “ridiculous,” adding: “I don't believe it.”
Other top Republicans, such as Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, have responded by casting doubt on the report, too, albeit in a more restrained fashion. And that by itself is not necessarily objectionable. Skepticism is not an unreasonable response to anonymous leaks about alleged CIA conclusions.
But shouldn't this uncertainty lead Republicans to actively want a full congressional investigation designed to settle whether Russia did try to swing our election to Trump?
[Moscow rules?]
Instead, the response from Ryan — and, reportedly, from McConnell, too — to calls for a probe has been utterly ludicrous, and even dangerous, given the long term stakes involved for our democracy. In a statement, Ryan's office stopped short of saying whether he will support an investigation:
Speaker Ryan has said for months that foreign intervention in our elections is unacceptable . . . The speaker can not comment on or characterize the content of classified briefings but he rejects any politicization of intelligence matters.
In other words, Ryan may have been briefed on precisely what has been reported about the CIA's conclusion, and of course any Russian interference would be intolerable. But Ryan nonetheless won't lend support to a congressional investigation into whether it actually happened. For Ryan, the real problem here is apparently the publicizing of this conclusion — which he describes as “politicization.” Politico pressed Ryan's office for further clarification, and reported: “Ryan's office would not say whether he believes House committees, including oversight and intelligence panels, should investigate the matter.”
President-elect Donald Trump as well as Republican and Democratic lawmakers on Dec. 11 reacted to the CIA's assessment that Russia intervened to help Trump win the election. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Meanwhile, the Post reported that in September, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and other senators received a private briefing on the intelligence pointing to the conclusion that Russia tried to help Trump win. Administration officials asked for a united, bipartisan front, but McConnell refused:
The Democratic leaders in the room unanimously agreed on the need to take the threat seriously. Republicans, however, were divided, with at least two GOP lawmakers reluctant to accede to the White House requests. According to several officials, McConnell raised doubts about the underlying intelligence and made clear to the administration that he would consider any effort by the White House to challenge the Russians publicly an act of partisan politics.
McConnell has not commented on this report, and it's unclear if he supports any congressional probe. And incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus argued to NBC News that there is no “conclusive” proof that Russia tried to swing the election to Trump, but hedged on whether Trump wants to see an investigation (the wording is garbled, but to my knowledge, he has not since clarified), even as he also insisted Trump wants to get to the bottom of what happened.
If basic logic has any place in our discourse anymore, it should be obvious that this position is untenable. These Republicans all suggest we should not be getting ahead of what is conclusively known about Russia's efforts to interfere in our election. Again, that's not necessarily objectionable. But given this, establishing to the best of our abilities what actually did take place should be the first thing they want to see happen.
[Let's get the facts right on foreign involvement in our elections]
Other Republicans, such as Lindsey Graham and John McCain, have called for the facts to be established via a congressional investigation. Whatever role their hawkishness toward Russia is playing, they also crucially point out that a probe is the way to protect our democracy from future interference. As they note, potential interference may have “cut to the heart of our free society,” making it incumbent on Congress “to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter and defend against further cyber-attacks.” Or, as former U.S. ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul put it, only a comprehensive congressional investigation can assess what really happened, which is critical to our ability to “make important policy changes before the 2020 elections.”
Ryan and McConnell won't say whether they agree with this call for protecting our democracy. Perhaps they don't want Americans to find out that Russia actually did try to swing the election to Trump, because that could undermine the legitimacy of the election's outcome in the eyes of the public and diminish impressions of support for Trump, possibly making it harder to move the congressional GOP's agenda. (I'm not claiming this should undermine perceptions of the outcome's legitimacy — even if it did happen, it almost certainly wasn't decisive — but merely that it might do this.)
It's important to see all of this in its larger context. Trump has spent months sowing public confusion designed to weaken confidence in our institutions. Even after winning the electoral college, he falsely claimed that he actually won the popular vote when you factor in the millions who voted illegally, probably to lay the groundwork for a major wave of voter suppression and to exaggerate impressions of his popular support. Trump thrives on disinformation, uncertainty, and the erosion of the mere possibility of agreement on shared facts. And senior Republicans are actively helping him foment these things. Given the chance, Ryan and Priebus recently refused to clarify that, no, thousands did not vote illegally.
Trump seems to want that same fog of uncertainty to obscure whether Russia interfered in our elections — “nobody really knows,” he says of the CIA's conclusion — even if failing to get to the bottom of what happened could weaken public confidence in our system and possibly even put our democracy at risk in future elections. Thus far, senior Republicans appear willing to help him spread that fog once again.
********************************************************************************
* CONSERVATIVES DEMAND QUICK OBAMACARE REPEAL: The Post reports that conservatives in Congress are pushing GOP leaders to repeal the ACA quickly, with no delay to cushion the fallout and make time for a replacement. But here's the problem:
Part of the problem is that Republicans have never been able to agree on a replacement plan, despite railing against Obamacare for nearly eight years now. Their foot-dragging is a function of internal divisions and the political peril of floating a detailed alternative that would be closely evaluated for costs and benefits.
Yes, it turns out making health policy is hard and subjects your efforts to empirical evaluation. Fortunately, Trump has vowed to replace the ACA with “something terrific,” so no worries.
* CRITICS WORRY ABOUT TRUMP'S DEPUTY NSA PICK: Politico reports that former National Security Agency officials don't think K.T. McFarland is qualified for the job of deputy national security adviser. Note her Fox News qualifications:
McFarland, 65, last worked in government three decades ago . . . She has since become a regular commentator on Fox News, which people who know McFarland said was her springboard onto Trump's team. They insist she is a policy lightweight with no real personnel or crisis management experience…And their concern is heightened by Trump's own unfamiliarity with foreign policy, as well as questions about Flynn's suitability for the top NSC job.
The “Flynn” in question is Michael Flynn, Trump's choice as national security adviser, who once said Arabic signs near the southern border guide terrorists into the U.S. Feel reassured yet?
* TRUMP'S LAWYER HAS WORK CUT OUT FOR HIM: The New York Times explains how Donald McGhan II, Trump's pick for White House counsel, will likely be working to give him as much free rein as possible in crucial areas:
One key question…is how strongly he will push back if Mr. Trump, a man who has defied many norms, seeks to cross into murky legal terrain…He may be called on to defend Mr. Trump's stances on issues like his business empire, his children's role in his administration…his vow to bring back waterboarding or his threat to impose tariffs on companies moving abroad.
Something tells us there will be far less “pushing back” than there will be creative legal justifications for everything Trump wants to do.
* DREAMERS WARNED AGAINST LEAVING COUNTRY: The Associated Press reports that immigration advocates are warning the dreamers not to leave United States, because the executive action protecting them from deportation could be rescinded by Trump:
That could lead, they fear, to some people traveling abroad being barred from re-entering the U.S . . . Nancy Lopez-Ramirez, a 20-year-old student born in Mexico who is planning a trip there as part of a City College of New York class, said she is glad the group is returning by Jan. 15. “My mom is like ‘I am concerned with you not coming back, I want you to be able to come back,'” she said.
As I've noted, if Trump does go through with this, it could cause major disruptions for hundreds of thousands of people. Soon he will have to reveal his actual intentions.
* STAY ON HIGH ALERT ABOUT TRUMP'S RADICAL AGENDA: Paul Krugman argues that many in the media will pretend everything is normal about Trump's electoral victory and administration, and urges remaining vigilant:
It's clear that Mr. Trump — whose personal conflicts of interest are unprecedented, and quite possibly unconstitutional — intends to move U.S. policy radically away from the preferences of most Americans . . . In other words, nothing that happened on Election Day or is happening now is normal. Democratic norms have been and continue to be violated, and anyone who refuses to acknowledge this reality is, in effect, complicit in the degradation of our republic.
The slippage into normalization on the part of many in the news media will be only one of many deeply depressing dynamics about the coming years that must be resisted.
* A GOOD QUESTION ABOUT TRUMP AND RUSSIA: E.J. Dionne has a nice column explaining why the stakes are very high for the country in multiple ways in determining whether Russia did help sway the election. Note this:
Is it out of line to wonder, given Trump's lack of transparency about his finances, what role Russia has played in his business empire?
It's another way in which Trump's lack of transparency about his finances makes it impossible to gauge what he's really up to. If only congressional Republicans would take steps to change this.
* AND TRUMP SAYS ‘NOBODY REALLY KNOWS' ABOUT CLIMATE: Here's Trump, on Fox News Sunday, talking about climate change and the Paris accord:
“I'm still open-minded. Nobody really knows . . . Now, Paris, I'm studying. I do say this — I don't want that agreement to put us at a competitive disadvantage with other countries.”
Our best hope is that Trump concludes pulling out of the Paris deal isn't worth the diplomatic headache. (I originally misrepresented the quote; I've fixed it.)
Wolverine has explored plenty of territory in his 43-year history at Marvel — from comics to computer games, big screen to small — but come 2018, he'll venture into a whole new frontier: his own podcast.
Mashable can exclusively reveal that the beloved X-Men character will headline Marvel's first-ever scripted podcast, Wolverine: The Long Night, a 10-episode serialized story that will debut exclusively on podcast network Stitcher Premium in Spring 2018 as part of a partnership between Marvel and Stitcher, before rolling out across all other podcast platforms in the fall.
SEE ALSO: Watch Hugh Jackman transform into Wolverine in the gym
“Podcasting is an incredible, intimate medium that's perfect for telling stories, and I can't think of a better partner with whom to push the boundaries of scripted podcasts than Marvel,” says Erik Diehn, CEO of Midroll Media, Stitcher's parent company, in a statement. “They make every translation of their rich universe of characters into new media fresh and interesting while still retaining the feel and spirit of the original comics, and, as a Marvel fan, I'm proud that we've helped them do it again in podcasting. The arrival of Wolverine and his many fans to podcasts and Stitcher is truly a signal that this medium is a major part of the American media landscape.”
The Hobbit and Hannibal star Richard Armitage will lend his voice to Logan for the podcast, which writer Ben Percy says will blend the mystery aspects of true crime podcasts like Serial and S-Town with the narrative tricks of True Detective — plus a dash of Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven.
Richard Armitage at the premiere of "The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies" Image: Getty Images
"If you look at the success of Serial and S-Town, it has everything to do I think with their investigative formats, the way the listeners become complicit in the narrative," Percy tells Mashable. "They're co-authors, they're literary detectives, because they're piecing together the clues alongside the reporters, and I wanted to take a similar approach to that."
The story begins with two agents, Sally Pierce (Celia Keenan-Bolger) and Tad Marshall (Ato Essandoh), who arrive in the fictional town of Burns, Alaska, to investigate a series of murders. The duo team up with deputy Bobby Reid (Andrew Keenan-Bolger) to investigate their main suspect, Logan (Armitage), but that's just the tip of the iceberg.
"There are all these broken pieces that are being fitted together, and a shifting set of suspects, and every episode, you learn more and at the same time, recognize that you've been mistaken all along. It functions like a turnstile of mysteries," Percy hints.
The cast also includes Scott Adsit (30 Rock), Bob Balaban (Moonrise Kingdom), Brian Stokes Mitchell and a cameo from Chris Gethard, host of the popular Beautiful Stories from Anonymous People podcast.
This iteration of Logan is purposefully seeking the isolation that Alaska provides, according to Percy: "Because he's been mind-wiped again and again, he doesn't know the whole terrible truth about his life. Part of the series is him recovering those memories and despite his attempts to separate himself from society, getting drawn into a situation where frontier justice is called for."
The Long Night will also weave in heightened elements that comic book fans would expect from Marvel, in part because Alaska is such an extreme environment.
"It's very easy to turn up the volume on reality there. In addition to the crime investigation into the serial killer on the loose, there are also elements of the fantastic. And some of them have to do with Wolverine as his legend grows in this area, as people observe him bounding through the mists with packs of wolves; as they witness him save and end lives," Percy previews. "I'm also drawing from the Native legends in the area and from cultish mythology. There is a compound set up outside of the town of Burns, Alaska, where the Aurora cult is located. And it's unclear at first whether they are implicated in the murders that are occurring here and whether they might have powers, as they purport to — a connection to and a control over the fabric of light that plays over the winter skies."
The specific appeal of a podcast versus more visual platforms is its intimacy, notes Dan Silver, vice president, head of platforms & content for Marvel New Media: "Being in this space where we can really touch and interact with our fans in a more 24/7 basis is one of our priorities. The beauty of this medium is you can listen to it as a show when it's first released and voraciously consume it from a habitual standpoint, or, like I do and many people do with podcasts, you can listen to it very leisurely."
That sense of intimacy will also give fans a new understanding of Wolverine as a character, Silver says. "What I love about him for this specific space is he's one of our most complex characters, just in the way that he's been depicted and evolved in many different iterations in the books. But this space allows us to explore him as a person. When you strip away the visuals of the claws and the chops and the hair and all of that stuff and you really get a chance to explore the mind and the actions through words, he's a really interesting type of character. And I think this is a Wolverine that our fans haven't necessarily 'seen.' And it's very exciting for us to explore all the different nuances of him."
Silver also praises the "naturalism" of the production process — which will record outdoor scenes in real locations like forests, while the cast will perform together in an "ambisonic" studio that enables them to interact and move around the space, which Silver likens to watching a play.
"We're attempting to provide an audio experience that feels very much like if you just turned off your television screen, but left the sound on," he says. "It's very dynamic, it's very real, it's very raw, and it's made for what people would expect from Marvel."
In addition to its comics, Marvel has already achieved film and TV dominance with its sprawling Cinematic Universe, but Percy hints that Wolverine: The Long Night could be the first step towards a similarly interconnected world in this new medium.
"We have a fun opportunity here, and that's to create our own continuity. A continuity that will grow more and more expansive as the Marvel Podcast Universe expands," Percy teases. "There are glimmers that people will recognize, references to Weapon X and wartime Logan, Japan and past relationships that he's had. But he himself is not able to really work through his moth-eaten memory until the conclusion of this first season."
Not wanting to put the cart before the horse, Silver is a little more circumspect about predicting a "Marvel Podcast Universe" just yet, but admits that if The Long Night proves successful, "that would be incredibly exciting ... Marvel is known as world-builders and universe-builders; that is what we do across all of our mediums. It's hard to say, but it would be super cool."
The same is true of a potential second season for The Long Night or other serialized Marvel podcasts, Silver says. "Being able to reach the hardcore Marvel fan and maybe extend it into the casual fans and pull them in is exactly what we want to do... So yeah, if the audience is there and the demand is there and we feel like we can tell compelling, rich stories in this space, it would be fantastic."
While the creative team behind Wolverine: The Long Night — director Brendan Baker, sound designer Chloe Prasinos and producers Daniel Fink of Marvel and Jenny Radelet of Stitcher — is currently working on perfecting the iconic snikt of Wolverine's claws in podcast form, the most vital piece of the puzzle is already in place: Armitage as Logan.
"You think about when you read the comics as a kid: what was the voice that you heard in your head? And it was a lot of fun to sit in a room and have those conversations about, 'Is it gruff enough? Is it playful enough? Does it just sound like Hugh Jackman?'" Silver says of the casting process. "And then, all of a sudden Richard's name came up and everybody closed their eyes and it was like that moment when you all picture everybody hearing it in their head, and you went, 'Oh, yeah, of course. That would be amazing.' And yeah, he is — he's perfect."
Percy agrees, "When I heard that Richard was a possibility for the role, I knew he was the one. He's a perfect match for Logan and brings so much soul and savagery to the project."
Wolverine: The Long Night will debut on Stitcher Premium in Spring 2018.
After winning the Royal Reel Award at the 2013 Canadian International Film Festival for their psycho-horror film Truth, writer and directors Chris Shalom and J.S. Johnson have returned, this time with a film that has a slightly different flavor. Their newest Vancouver-shot feature, which is slated for a Youtube release on October 31, has them switching roles – this time with Shalom taking over as writer and director, and Johnson producing.
The result is something that feels like a throwback to 60s grindhouse thrillers and post-80s sci-fi paranoia, but injected with the same kind of smart clipped dialogue, troubled characters, and tight frames we've come to expect from the young film-making duo. Vancouver Weekly sat down with Shalom and Johnson to talk about the process behind Android Night Punch (ANP), which was filmed locally in Vancouver over a three-day guerrilla shoot.
Vancouver Weekly: As I understand it, this project was offered as a challenge? And Shalom, as both writer and director on this project… what were some of the benefits of being responsible for both?
Johnson: It all goes back to Von Trier's film The Five Obstructions. He challenges Jørgen Leth, another filmmaker, to remake the same movie five times, each time with a different set of restrictions. I got really excited about that idea, like, art and restriction, so I wanted to do my own challenge.
Shalom: So I heard about this idea, and then about a day later I heard that I was being challenged to write and shoot a feature over a three-day weekend. And honestly, being both writer and director probably saved me, because I just banged out this script that had no descriptions, no action directions, nothing, knowing I'd be shooting right away. There are probably two ways to find out what your director's vision is like – do a movie for a ton of money and with all the resources to get exactly what you want, or do a movie with no money and no time where you have to make every choice on the fly.
VW: Where did you come up with the idea for ANP? What were some of your inspirations/influences when writing the script?
Johnson: We spent a morning coming up with a bunch of ideas. There were dragon people, hackers having sex with their computers – everything.
Shalom: I ripped off a few things that I won't mention here in writing the script, but I think a lot of the core inspiration came from Japanese film, the way they deal with androids – Ghost in the Shell was a big one, in a way – and then of course a lot of grindhouse aesthetic.
Johnson: The big idea aside from a Von Trier-style challenge was a Roger Corman-style shoot, like, big ideas and small budget. So we definitely both had a kinda fun, grindhouse style in mind.
VW: What were some of the challenges or difficulties you encountered filming in such a short amount of time?
Shalom: All of them. I mean, all the same stuff from the production of Truth, really, just squeezed into a timeframe that basically meant constant catastrophe. No sleep, no time to light, no way to make actors comfortable.
Johnson: Poor Simone was out all night; every night in a thin black dress while we are all bundled up, because it was freezing. Because androids don't need winter jackets.
Shalom: You also find out how people deal with sleep deprivation.
Johnson: I was sick, and then allergic to the cats in one location, and nobody had time to sleep. My apartment was the base of operations and people just collapsed on the carpet for an hour or two whenever they could.
VW: There are a number of themes that seem to be running parallel to each other in this movie. There are a lot of sub-surface ethical questions that seem to weave in and out between the character's interactions.
Johnson: I was definitely wanting to get in the bigger-picture stuff, the president and all that. We wanted a world that was in a time of…I guess moral upheaval around technology. So we went from a hacker having sex with his computer, which was one of our ideas, to this android that is sexually, uh, functional. And what are we going to say about that? What is the church going to say?
Shalom: And then I'm always interested in the questions of control and ownership when it comes to this android stuff. “Measure of a Man,” the Star Trek TNG episode, is still to me the most question-provoking hour of television ever. And obviously here it's gendered, and that's another layer. Like you have a male scientist who is able to create a sexually available artificial being – the end of womb envy, at least, and then what's gonna happen to his relationship with his living, breathing, wife? What sorts of choices will people make when absolutely submissive beings are available as, as mates, even?
Johnson: One other thing, too, is that we're both from really small places. So it was cool for me, at least, to do a film in the big city and have a character who is experiencing that city for the first time, and confronting a lot of scary things, too. I don't know if people from small towns ever lose that little bit of fear, when you're walking in a city and you have these big modern buildings and amazing old buildings towering over you.
VW: You used a lot of local talent, in terms of actors. Did you write the roles with anyone specifically in mind?
Johnson: Simone and Kieran we both knew would be with us. But we scrambled for the rest. David Lloyd, who plays Charlie, I just met him in a café one time, and then ran into him a couple months later on the train, so when Shalom started writing I said we should write a part for him. And then we called him, like, “Wanna act in a feature tomorrow?”
Shalom: Definitely some favours called in. And Jordan, who plays one of the Punks, he's not even an actor, he's a writer, and he came out and shaved half his head for us.
Johnson: Yeah, I think the thing we were really looking for with this project was people ready to get their hands dirty. Because we had actors doing makeup, beating each other up, building android hearts out of…well, real hearts…
VW: Has Johnson offered any other challenges? Any new projects on the horizon?
Shalom: No more challenges for now. It's a big one this time. Splatter horror in the vein of Reanimator, super fun, super gross. We're co-directing.
Johnson: We're not gonna tell you the name, but I will say I finally get to have a hacker. And witches. And also Satan.
On Tuesday 22 August, a hacking group released the alleged medical records of 25 football players who had been allowed to use banned medicines during the 2010 World Cup, part of an ongoing series of disclosures centred on stolen therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs).
The group claimed that the information was hijacked from Wada, the World Anti-Doping Agency, and framed the release by stressing that "more than 150 players were caught doping in 2015" and that by the next year, the number had "increased up to 200 athletes (sic)".
"Football players and officials unanimously affirm that this kind of sport is free of doping," read the hackers' statement published to a website hosting the download.
"Our team perceived these numerous claims as a challenge and now we will prove they are lying."
This so-called "team" has many names. According to experts in the cybersecurity industry they include Fancy Bear, APT28, Sofacy, Pawn Storm and Tsar Team.
Analysis suggests the unit is closely linked to Russian intelligence and often conducts espionage, cybercrime and leaks of data to further the interests of the Kremlin.
In 2016, for example, Fancy Bear used a series of leaks of information to influence the outcome of the US presidential election and "undermine public faith in the democratic process" by conducting a clandestine campaign against Democratic Party candidate, Hillary Clinton.
US officials said Russian president Vladimir Putin likely sanctioned the operation.
But why would the Russian state suddenly be interested in releasing the medical data of professional footballers? It's a question experts are now attempting to understand.
The first major leak of therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs), which are completely legal, was confirmed by Wada officials in September 2016 and dubbed #OpOlympics. "We are going to tell you how Olympic medals are won," the Fancy Bear hackers pledged at the time.
The headline-grabbing leak came two weeks after Russian athlete Yuliya Stepanova was targeted by hackers after blowing the whistle on a huge, state-sponsored, doping operation.
Experts concluded that the first round of leaks were retaliation for Wada's probe into athletes' use of banned substances – used to bolster performances. In a report, officials found collusion between the FSB, the Ministry of Sport (MofS) and the Russian Anti-Doping Agency.
The bombshell findings left Russia banned from a slew of major sporting events.
In August 2016, ThreatConnect, a US cybersecurity firm, was able to analyse two separate web domains used by the hackers as part of a phishing campaign against Wada employees in August, a month before the medical leaks hit the public domain.
"The sites were recently registered and their registration and hosting information are consistent with Russian Fancy Bear tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), an in-depth report, titled "Russian Cyber Operations on Steroids", revealed at the time.
"Russian activity targeting these organisations is an important example of how Russia responds to wide-reaching current events that have negative implications for Moscow," it added.
But in the latest case, it remains explicitly unclear why the Russian state released footballers' information. But – like the so-called #OpOlympics – it is likely that all roads lead to Wada.
The bruises caused by the bombshell doping report, conducted and published by a law professor called Richard McLaren, may still be yet to heal.
On 28 July, McLaren urged Fifa to appoint a prosecutor to look into Russian doping in the sport of football and suggested a cover-up may already be underway. In 2018, Russia is set to host the World Cup – but already the state is being accused of cheating on a massive scale.
"We have some information where there is reference to trying to find a sample which would be suitable possibly for swapping," McLaren said.
"Either there's been tampering with the caps [...] or the contents haven't been changed, but there may be prohibited substances in there. That gives rise to a suspicion that there is a bank of clean samples and that it's been used with respect to footballers," he added.
In the midst of such pressure, it's obvious why Fancy Bears would again emerge from the shadows.
"The public release and repeated attempts to get the information into publications is an attempt to use private information, most of which to date does not demonstrate transgressions, to change the narrative and media spotlight on its own nefarious practices," said Ross Rustici, a senior manager of intelligence research at Cybereason, a security firm.
"To allow states to weaponise private citizens' information opens a whole new front in the shadow wars that are taking place on the internet," he added.
Ultimately, the tactics and targets of the Fancy Bear hackers are well-documented.
The group favours email phishing and malware exploits, using backdoors to sneak around inside computer networks. Increasingly, the group exfiltrates data and leaks it; the most recent case being the French presidential election. It's true size and source of funding remains unclear.
It's likely, experts said, that the leaks will continue as long as Russia feels victimised.
"Regardless of whether the latest data dump contains actual files the message from this group is clear: 'Russia may be blamed for doping scandals on a regular basis but look at all the other countries that have issues too. No one side is worse than the other,'" Rustici said.
"What is lost in the rush to discuss the scandal of doping players and the stories about how Russia is back to its old tricks regarding information operations is that private citizens are being used as chess pieces in what essentially amounts to a PR game," he added.
What is a therapeutic use exemption?
As described by the Wada website: "Athletes may have illnesses or conditions that require them to take particular medications. If the medication an athlete is required to take to treat an illness or condition happens to fall under the Prohibited List, a therapeutic use exemption (TUE) may give that athlete the authorisation to take the needed medicine."
There is no suggestion of legal wrongdoing.
During the “Open Innovations” show in Moscow CoinFox spoke to Caterina Rindi, the bitcoin enthusiast and educator who works on enlightment in the sphere of collaborative economy.
Coming from San Francisco, US, she has been the Community Manager for a bitcoin startup SWARM and spent the whole 2014 travelling across Europe and talking to people about bitcoin.
CoinFox: Let's start from the very beginning. Could you elaborate on what has led you to the industry?
Caterina Rindi: The economic downturn in the United States in 2008-2009 made me and many of my peers re-examine what we were doing with work and finance. At this time I discovered the sharing economy, collaborative economy, a lot of peer-to-peer types of interactions and the work around that. That is how I discovered bitcoin. Bitcoin is completely peer-to-peer, decentralized, and it's worldwide. Before, when our world was smaller, I could exchange some goods, say, clothing, with my neighbours only. Now I can exchange things on a larger scale.
And I like the opportunity bitcoin offers to the people who don't have money, who don't have bank accounts or IDs. In the US, we have a lot of immigrants from other countries. Some arrive legally, some “not legally”, but they are all there and they're all working. And those working don't have access to bank accounts or any other services, as they are considered “illegal”. With something like bitcoin anybody can do financial transactions and use these kinds of services. It is an equalizer, in fact. And that's what was very appealing to me.
CoinFox: So you decided to dedicate yourself to promoting this kind of technology...
Caterina Rindi: My personal background is in education, teaching children, so when I realized I could understand the technology and teach it to more people, I went that way. My last position was with a company called SWARM which is doing peer-to-peer crowdfunding using bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. My title was the Community Manager, so it was all about communication and education. As our community was worldwide, I was travelling everywhere to meet people and to talk to people.
CoinFox: Do you then see bitcoin as something which is more about people and their ability to rely on each other than just about money? Not long ago a prominent Russian economist called cryptocurrencies “the material embodiment of mutual trust”…
Caterina Rindi: It's interesting because in a way it is trustless, there is no trust, you don't even have to know the other person, as bitcoin transactions are cryptographically secured and private. But at the same time they come out of a notion of peer-to-peer communication instead of trusting a government or a bank or a corporation. It is indeed about trusting our peers and other people as individuals, as opposed to large organizations and institutions, but the technology itself does not require trust, so it is sort of an interesting mix.
Banks and leading corporations have traditionally ignored the bottom socio-economic portion of our society, and I think that's a mistake and they will lose opportunities in the long run. I think that if they learn to adapt, if then they learn to listen to and to engage and to appreciate their customers and clients, then they can stay relevant. But right now many of them are building private blockchains, which, I think, is completely missing the point.
CoinFox: How do you assess the emerging cooperation between the companies which specialize in cryptocurrencies and some governmental bodies, specifically in the field of what is called national security?
Caterina Rindi: I think that the organizations like the NSA and the FBI are interested in controlling information. They are interested in surveillance of individuals and not even individuals — they do mass surveillance instead of supervising just one potential criminal. So it depends on whether the businesses consider the needs of their customers when they collaborate with said services or not. If not, they are not actually serving the best interests.
People have been launching services like Facebook on blockchain because people want to have social interaction without the exposure, without being controlled… For example, Synereo.com.
CoinFox: So the technologies are being used much broader than just for the purposes directly related to money, aren't they?
Caterina Rindi: Yes, absolutely yes, they have been used for many purposes now. There are social interactive networks; there is a company called Lazooz which is similar to Uber, with people driving cars and taking passengers, but it is all built on blockchain and they are using cryptocurrencies. It is peer-to-peer, there is no corporation making money out of this.
CoinFox: Though it does sound quite inspiring, both bitcoin and blockchain are still too far from getting really widespread. What do you think can be done to promote the technology to a wider audience?
Caterina Rindi: I'm optimistic. I think, education, which I am trying to do, is essential. But in general it is all very technologically complicated, and it really needs to be simplified. Now there are many software engineers working on the technology. They are a minority of the world but they are the ones who know the most. So we need to translate what they are doing for the rest of the world, for everyone who does not speak computer languages. The thing is to make it accessible for an average person, to make it easy to use.
We also have to involve more people in the process of creating these different uses for the technology. We need to involve philosophers; we need to involve artists, lawyers, teachers and everyone. If there is only a software engineer designing something, then it will look like a software engineer's screen. But if we have an artist in there or we have an architect, then it is more likely to look like something that other people can also use.
Maria Rudina
The revisions downward begin. Yesterday, Obamacare exchanges were melting down because of the intense interest in signing up. All the citizens were flooding the gates for all the insurance! Why, in California there were 5 million visitors. No technologist could prepare for such an onslaught.
Here's what really happened:
California's health insurance exchange vastly overstated the number of online hits it received Tuesday during the rollout of Obamacare. State officials said the Covered California website got 645,000 hits during the first day of enrollment, far fewer than the 5 million it reported Tuesday. The state exchange had cited the 5 million figures as a sign of strong consumer interest and a major reason people had so much difficulty using its $313-million online enrollment system. Dana Howard, a spokesman for Covered California, said the error was the result of internal miscommunication. “Someone misspoke and thought it was indeed 5 million hits. That was incorrect,” he said.
One of the more unfortunate costs of putting even more health care in the hands of the government is that we will now never stop talking about health care. The American people were sorely mistaken if they thought 2009's passage of this monstrosity would be the end of the discussion, and not just because Republicans (oh, and a majority of the country) have a problem with the bill, as conceived. No, even if there were unanimity on the original bill, we were always going to end up incessantly talking about health care. The more health care decisions are made by the government, the more power we give them to split limited resources between citizens, the more each little faction of Americans with this condition or that condition is going to have to lobby for care. Every single treatment will have a constituency, an online petition, a lobbyist, and will vie with other Americans to scoop up as big a piece as they can from a pie that will not grow to serve the population it's serving and distribute resources efficiently, as in a free market, but stay the same size and distribute them Washington-style.
California's lie about its first official day of failure in administrating Obamacare is just a preview of what (even more) politicized health care looks like. Some states, to their credit, did release statistics from opening day that they've not yet had to retract. The federal health exchange reportedly had 2.8 million visitors, but wouldn't release numbers for enrollment:
Some state run exchanges have released data on the number of people who have enrolled. Twenty-four people had enrolled in the Connecticut exchange by noon Tuesday, while the one in Kentucky had processed nearly 1,000, according to USA Today. “Certainly states can report what they want, these are state-based exchanges and some have reported early enrollment numbers. We have just decided not to release that yet,” Tavenner said.
Look forward to many years of stalled FOIAs to find out anything about the massive amounts of health care data, performance stats, and patient care results Obamacare collects, and how they're using them. Look forward to strategic release of statistics that serve each administration's narrative and donors. Look forward to talking about this forever and never getting a straight story.
Attractive people have always leveraged their good looks to get free things, especially the countless girls at bars in college who got free whiskey sours on my behalf because I'm about as good at reading signals as Superman is at disguising his face.
You might think I'm bitter, but I figure if women are going to be objectified and get paid less for doing the same jobs as us and all that general horribleness, they might as well get some free stuff out of it.
Following that legacy, it would appear some girls are using Tinder to get pizzas delivered to them.
They call it "The Tinder Games."
Please note wings were also purchased. You know, for variety.
This stuff is pretty depressing to read.
Yeah, I think the hilarity here is pretty one-sided, sir.
The rules are simple.
But what do you win? Pizza? Because you already have that.
And it's working way too well.
All I'm picturing is Scorpion from Mortal Kombat yelling, "GET OVER HERE!" Is that too old of a reference? If so, tell me. I'll commit ritual Seppuku at your command.
And when pizza fails, there are always other restaurants.
The discussion of logistics here is the most depressing part. At some point, this guy just became her employee.
Citations: Girls Playing Tinder Games (Barstool Sports)
But others, including workers on the front lines of the heroin epidemic and some law enforcement officials, view the proposal as an important tool in the battle against addiction and overdoses, a way to keep users alive long enough to connect them to treatment. In the plan, users would be under medical supervision and could inject only a small amount of heroin.
The plan would need state approval, and it faces a steep climb in the arena of public opinion. But the unorthodox idea has drawn attention at a time of intense concern about the growing toll of heroin abuse, which, along with prescription opioid painkillers, kills 78 people a day, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Many of them are overdosing not in squalid rooms but in public places.
Since announcing the plan on Feb. 24, Mr. Myrick has taken pains to explain to the public that a supervised injection center is only one pillar of a four-part plan that also addresses prevention, treatment and law enforcement.
Mr. Myrick said his father battled crack cocaine addiction, which helped inspire him to create the committee to confront the heroin problem.
Though unheard-of in the United States, supervised injection sites have existed in Europe for years — one of the first was in Switzerland, 30 years ago — and in Vancouver, British Columbia, the only city in North America where the practice is allowed. They have been linked to a reduction in harm from heroin abuse: In Vancouver, fatal overdoses dropped 35 percent in the community surrounding its main injection site in the two years after it opened in 2003 and fell 9 percent citywide.
Whilst I strongly advocate not poking fun at the medical beliefs and practices of our ancestors, now and again it does no harm to remind ourselves of just how…unusual they could sometimes appear. And so I give you my top ten early modern recipes!
10) An excellent good medisian for an Eye that is bruised or blood shott by any crust
Take ass soon as the eye is hurt; take a house pidgin & cut ye vain that is under the winge & let it bleed into a sauser: and while it is hot wett some cloth and presently lay it to ye eye: and the next day dress it in like manner and with out doubt it will help you”
9) For the bloody flux (ie. Dystentry or severe diarrhoea)
Take A handkerchief dipped in the blood of a hare harte newly killed, dry this handkerchief in ye sun & after straine your beer being at least three weeks ould always through it and drink of it every morning and evening a pint'
8) Aproved thing for the Collick
Distill hens codds (testicles!) and and when they are pretty tender do then with a soft fier: not burn it: and when the collick troubles you take two spoonfuls of this — with a little sugar to make it pleasant to your taste.
7) How to make a water to kill the worems in hollow teeth;
buy three pence of Mercury and grinde it smale on a stone, then put it in a glass bottle or other glass: and stir it well then let the pacient get a quill of a goose and drop some of it therin and put it in to the holow tooth :3: times and use it two or :3: dayes and it will kill the worem and the tooth actch and never troble you ageine but in any wise let the pacient take heed (not) to swalowe any of it downe, but spitte it out
(so, just to be clear, dropping mercury straight into your teeth. Although there are mercury fillings today, probably not a good plan!)
6) Excelent for a consumption, Dropsey, Scurvey or Most Sickness whatever
Take cow dung fresh in May, dry it in ye oven to a fine powder, Give as much as will lye upon a sixpence in a draught of warme stronge beer 3 times a day, or you may distill cow dung in an ordinary still & take half a gill of ye water at a time, more or less three times a day
5) To make oyle of swallowes
Take as many swallowes as you can gette as 20 or 25, and put unto them lavender cotton, spiked, knotgrasse ribworte Balme valerian, rosemarie topps, strings of vines, cothan, plantain, walnut leaves sayd of virtue, mallows, alecroft etc etc
4) To Cuer the dead Palsey
Take a Fox, cleanse him, mince the flesh very smalle then dress a goose, pull out the Gutts; putt all the flesh of the fox into the goose and sowe her upp close; then roste them whilest any moisture will dropp out. Take the dripping and putt into it Rosemary; Lavender; Sage; Bettiny; The Weight of Ffower pints of each of them powdered, Anniseede; Ffennellseede, nutmeg, mace, Cloves, Pepper, ginger, Ffrankencence, the weight of sixpence of a peece of each of them Powdered, Boyle all twoe or three wallmes on a softe fire, put itt being strayned and Cooled into a pott. Annoynt the partye on the place grieved therewth and Rubb it in well before the fire.
3) For the falling sicknesse (epilepsy)
Take a live mole and cut the throat of it into a glass of white wine
And presently give it to the party to drink at the new and full of the moon
(viz) the day before the new, the day of the new, and the day after, and soe at the full. This will cure absolutely, if the party be not above forty yeares of age.
2) For the Frenzie or inflammation of the cauls of the brain,
Cause the juice of beets (beetroot juice) to be with a syringe squirted up into the patient's nostrils, which will purge and cleanse his head exceedingly, and then give him posset ale to drinke in which violet leaf and lettice has been boiled and this will suddainly bring him to a verie temperate mildness'
And this week's number 1…
1) For the bloody flux,
take a stag's pizzle dried and grate it and give it in any drink, either in beer, ale or wine and it is most sovereign for any flux whatsoever.
Narrowly missing out were directions for constipation, which involved the aggrieved person squatting over a bucket of boiling milk ‘for as long as the party can bear it'…
And the cure for hydrocele (grossly swollen testicles) which involved injecting port wine into the affected parts!
Advertisements
Larry Lawrence | September 14, 2016
The three-part Harley and the Davidsons miniseries on the Discovery Channel last week was by most accounts a highly-entertaining watch. The actors were compelling and you cared about what happened to them and the company they founded. But if you were looking for an accurate reading of the actual history of The Motor Company and the first three decades of motorcycling in general, this series was lacking. To say the producers played fast and loose with the history of the sport would be an understatement. Many movie productions of historical events take creative liberties, but Harley and the Davidsons flat out distorted facts beyond all recognition. Nevertheless, the movie taken for what it was, a completely dramatized romp through the history of Harley-Davidson, it was a well worth watching.
Episode One begins with showing the pre-motorcycle making days of the main characters Walter “Walt” Davidson, Bill Harley and Arthur “Art” Davidson. According to the series Walt Davidson, a big guy with hard fists, had lost his ranch by way of eminent domain purchase by the railroad. Harley, an aspiring engineer and college student who loved to tinker, worked for the railroad and Bill's best friend Art Davidson, was a fast-talking troublemaker who was always scheming for a way to make a quick buck
Interestingly the eldest founding brother William “Big Bill” Davidson is in the movie, but has a much smaller roll than his brothers Art, Walt and family friend Harley.
As Harley and Art work on building the first prototype, they run into issues of being able to buy the right tools and raw materials, Walt steps in to save the day by giving them the money from the sale of his ranch after becoming overjoyed upon riding the prototype. The movie depicts Harley and the Davidsons trying to work with fellow Milwaukee motorcycle maker Joe Merkel, getting a carburetor from Merkel in the beginning in trade for some engineering tricks Harley is coming up with. The carb proves faulty and causes the prototype Harley to catch fire.
For the most part the first episode sticks to fairly plausible things that might have happened when the four founders of Harley-Davidson are getting things off the ground. The one exception to that comes when Indian Motorcycle founder George Hendee just happens to show up in a field turned motorcycle proving grounds outside of Milwaukee, and challenges the group of Milwaukee motorcyclists to come and prove themselves by racing against Indian. That most assuredly never actually happened. To make Hendee even more villainous, he always has a guy with him wherever he goes who's dressed up in full American Indian regalia as a live promotional tool.
The early challenge was to get Bill Harley to continue work on the bike, with his time occupied by engineering classes in college, another company making him an attractive offer and his parents wary of the Davidson brothers.
The big race meet hosted by Indian (which again is not based on reality) was the highlight of the first episode. When Hendee hears of the impressive specs of the Harley-Davidson, he bans them from entering the race due to being underweight. Walt pulls the Harley off the starting grid, but then starts the race anyway on an access road that runs alongside the racecourse. In spite of being at a disadvantage on the longer access road, Walt keeps the Harley alongside the leading Indian and the other racing machines. At the last second Walt smashes through a fence before the finish line to get on the track and wins the race.
The big national “enduro” race (they were actually called endurance races in that era) in the Catskills proves to be more hand-to-hand combat between Walt and Indian's rider than a race. Walt crashes and is injured. That only serves to make Walt mad and he remounted and catches up with Indian rider and kicks him off into the woods, smashing his bike. The victory for Harley was supposed to get dozens of dealers to sign up, but when Walt gets into a brawl with the crew from Indian (including the guy in Indian headdress) the dealers get cold feet. Once again, all of this is very entertaining, but pure fiction.
There are a lot of fisticuffs in the miniseries, even the three Davidson brothers get into a dust up before Mama Davidson comes enters the room and offers to bonk some heads together herself unless the boys settle down.
Episode one of the series ends with the board track era and the death of Eddie Hasha. This time the producers decided to downplay the horrific board track crash that ended his life and that of fellow racer Johnny Albright and six spectators, including three young boys. The series shows Harley-Davidson withdrawing from board track racing after Hasha's death and focusing on flat track racing, but the reality is that Hasha's accident happened in 1912 and the Harley-Davidson continued racing and winning board track races into the mid-1910s and beyond.
Episode two emphasizes the racing success Harley-Davidson had in the 1910s and ‘20s with Shrimp Burns, Ray Weishaar and Otto Walker, the original Harley Wrecking Crew. Burns is portrayed as a flamboyant and rapidly rising star, barely old enough to race, who joined the team only to be later stolen away by Indian. That part was true.
With the onset of World War I much of the manufacturing capacity of the industry was put towards the war. In one scene Art and Walt Davidson and the new president of Indian, a fictional character named Randall James, and his assistant, appear together in a meeting with a military procurement officer and he tells the group that the government expects 25,000 units from Indian and 15,000 from Harley. Art comes prepared with a much better proposal for the military and the officer changes the order to 20,000 each. Again, sheer fiction. The fact is Indian supplied a total of 41,000 machines to the military effort during WWI, while Harley provided 15,000.
The second episode ends with a patent infringement lawsuit against Harley-Davidson instigated by Indian. The lawsuit threatens to bankrupt Harley, but unbelievably the episode ends with the suit unresolved and it's never taken up again in the next chapter.
While the first two episodes were entertaining, albeit highly dramatized, the series really went off the rails in the Episode Three. In this final installment we are to believe that hooligan racing got its start in the 1930s and these outlaw races were open to blacks and women riders and that Harley-Davidson supported these non-sanctioned events.
And we are further led to believe that when Bill Harley makes his last great engine design, the founders decide to debut the bike at one of these hooligan races instead of at an AMA National. Pure bunk.
The series throws the AMA under the bus in a big way. Another totally made up character named Wharton, a Boss Hog type who is the chairman of the AMA, is one of the true bad guys. It seems Wharton's sole goal in life is to stop these outlaw races and to keep black riders from competing. In easily the most laughable scene in the series Wharton comes charging down the hill at an outlaw race looking like the cavalry, police in tow, ready to arrest all those participating. But alas, there's Walt Davidson himself there to watch his son Walt Jr. race and the cops back down when they realize they're dealing with the head of Harley-Davidson. How they could shoot this ridiculous scene with a straight face is unbelievable.
The series was entertaining, especially in the first two episodes, but again for the producers of the show to present this series as based on true stories shows they simply didn't know the real stories, or felt they weren't dramatic enough.
The ironic thing is that Harley-Davidson's real story is one of the most compelling of any American company. Perhaps someday we'll get a movie or documentary about the Motor Company that is both entertaining and factual.
Donald Trump, and his wife, Melania, are interviewed by Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie on the "Today" show on April 21, 2016. AP Photo/Richard Drew The longer Donald Trump is the center of American discourse, the more we sound like Russians.
Our news sounds more Russian, the way we think about our government is more Russian, and what we accept as fact starts to slip away.
Trump is fomenting conspiracy theories and delegitimizing the media and the government. Russia watchers know well that that's a Kremlin tactic. The way the Russian government maintains control of information is not by forcing a story down its people's throats but by spreading a million stories everywhere so no one believes anything.
The Kremlin maintains control by destroying trust in institutions until there's nothing left to have faith in.
So when Melania Trump says that the discovery of her husband's disgusting comments about women to Billy Bush a decade ago were part of a left-wing conspiracy, we're becoming more Russian. When Trump says that Hillary Clinton is part of an international conspiracy of bankers, we're becoming more Russian. When Trump embraces conspiracy theories championed by the permanently paranoid radio host Alex Jones, we're becoming more Russian.
And that means trust in our system is eroding.
When 'nothing is true, everything is permitted'
"The Kremlin exploits the idea of freedom of information to inject disinformation into society. The effect is not to persuade (as in classic public diplomacy) or earn credibility but to sow confusion via conspiracy theories and proliferate falsehoods."
That's from a 2014 report by American journalist Michael Weiss and Russian journalist Peter Pomerantzev. Pomerantzev is now a senior fellow at the Legatum Institute, London, where he runs a project on 21st-century propaganda and how to counter it. He has also testified before both houses of Congress about the dangers of Russian misinformation and its entrance into the US.
"In order to woo viewers the Kremlin has utterly blurred the lines between fact and fiction. Kremlin 'current affairs' programs are filled with spectacular scare-stories about Russian children crucified by Ukrainian militias or US conspiracies to ethnically cleanse East Ukraine. In a context where no one 'believes' any media, all that matters is that the 'news' is sensationalist and cinematic," Pomerantsev told the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee in November 2015.
For years I've spent time in and out of Columbia University's School of Journalism as a student and as an adjunct professor. While there, I've worked with professor Ann Cooper, a former NPR bureau chief in Moscow and Russian speaker, to delve into Russian propaganda, specifically Russia Today, RT.
RT is a Kremlin-backed news channel available all around the world in English, Spanish, Arabic, and German. It launched in 2005 and exists to advance the agenda of the Russian government and expand its influence across the globe.
I've interviewed current and former RT employees and watched hours and hours of the channel. So have my students. And in that time we learned a very simple lesson. In Russia, it's not about one truth. It's about spreading a million untruths until the truth is impossible to find.
It's about spreading paranoia until trust is dead.
Boris Nemtsov is dead, long live Boris Nemtsov
People hold flags and posters during a march to commemorate Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov, who was shot dead on Friday night in central Moscow on March 1, 2015. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva Let's take one incident as an example. In the winter of 2015, opposition activist Boris Nemstov was gunned down in front of the Kremlin before he was to lead an anti-Putin demonstration.
Once that happened, the spin machines went to work. We watched it all unfold from campus in New York City in English on RT.
From my student at the time, Pola Lem:
RT's headlines about the shooting death of opposition figure Boris Nemtsov portray Russian investigators at work pursuing a broad range of theories about who is behind the contract-style killing. Nemtsov's death may have been "a sort of 'sacral sacrifice' by those who don't hesitate to use any methods to reach their political goals," said one investigation official, according to RT.
Other theories under investigation: Nemtsov was murdered for something he said about the Charlie Hebdo attacks in France (RT does not explain). Or, for his outspoken criticism of Russian involvement in the Ukrainian conflict. Or, business interests may have targeted him for his anti-corruption work. Or it might have been some sort of personal vendetta.
There was more. Some said Nemstov was murdered by the CIA. Other said it was MI5.
Rigged, Russia style
This is not unlike the many ways Trump and his cohorts insist he is being conspired against. It's not unlike his insistence that the media rigging the election, that he will be denied a win because of widespread voting fraud, and that members of his own party are conspiring to defeat him.
This strategy isn't about getting people to believe one specific theory of the world. It's about spreading so much disinformation that nobody trusts anyone, and people yearn for a strongman who "tells it like it is" to protect them in a world that makes them paranoid.
This is a threat that will only go away when Trump loses legitimacy with those who support him.
When we think about shopping malls, the typical image that comes to mind is a bland series of interconnected boxes with the food court probably being the most exciting part. Well Namba Parks, a massive retail and office compund in Osaka, Japan, totally blasts away the boring stereotype of what a mall is supposed to look like. Built in the footprint of the old Osaka baseball stadium, the awesome development, which was completed in 2003 by the Jerde Partnership, has an eight level rooftop garden that spans several city blocks and features tree groves, rock clusters, cliffs and canyons, lawns, streams, waterfalls, ponds and even space to grow veggies!
Namba Parks was conceived when Osaka Stadium closed down, presenting a great redevelopment opportunity for a new commercial district right next to the Namba Train Station, which is just one stop away from Kansai Airport. Since it's one of the first places that visitors to the city might see, owner Nankai Electric Railway asked the Jerde Partnership to envision the new development as a gateway that would redefine Osaka's identity. Jerde designed Namba Parks as a huge green space and an oasis amidst Osaka‘s dense urban streets.
The entire development includes a 30-story office tower and adjacent mall, but what really makes Namba Parks stand out is its rooftop park that gradually ascends eight levels and gives passers-through the feeling that they are actually standing high on a mountaintop in nature when they're actually right in the middle of the city. Right below the park, a gradiated “canyon” carves a path through the mall, as they stroll past shops, entertainment spots and dining venues. Different flavors of restaurants (Japanese, Korean, Italian, etc.) can be found on the 6th floor, and shops are located on the 2nd through 5th floors. There are also terraces located both on the rooftop and amidst the canyons, an amphitheater for live shows, and space for small personal vegetable gardens and wagon shops.
European Commission Finally Unlocks ECI Reform Last but not least...
The European Commission finally announced that it would revise the European Citizens' Initiative regulation by 2017 – a long overdue decision which we have been demanding for two years.
On April 11th, the European Commission's Vice-President Frans Timmermans announced that the European Commission will present proposals for a revision of the European Citizens´ Initiative (ECI) later this year, after launching a public consultation.
The announcement was made during a panel discussion at the ECI Day, an annual event co-organised with the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC), which brings together all the stakeholders and citizens interested in the ECI. Timmermans announced that the Commission will make proposals later this year, based on lessons learned in the five years since the Regulation came into force, and drawing on a public consultation to be launched before the summer.
“I want to make the ECI more accessible and citizen-friendly. I want the ECI to become a popular and living instrument, one that citizens are familiar with”, Timmermans said.
In his closing words, Mr Timmermans made it very clear that the success of the revision was dependent on the sense of responsibility of national leaders, who must also recognise their role in the ECI.
Long overdue commitment
The ECI in force today has so far failed to deliver on its original promise, which is why we, together with our civil society partners and the citizens who have tried to use the ECI, have all been pushing for its revision over the last three years. The announced reform of the ECI is thus long overdue.
The ECI Campaign and its partners were instrumental in pushing for this new democratic tool in the EU, but we always made it clear that citizens' rights must be further strengthened if the ECI is to have a real impact on democratizing the EU from the inside and lead to a genuine Europe of the citizens.
Unfortunately, for two years the EU Commission had dashed all hopes that the ECI regulation would be revised, despite all the evidence that the existing ECI regulation is flawed, and despite the initial understanding that the ECI would be reviewed after the first three years of its practical experience.
Already in 2016 we had expected the European Commission to make the extremely burdensome and bureaucratic ECI rules user-friendly, as a means of attracting more initiatives. Many citizens had been waiting precisely for this to happen before launching such an enormously challenging enterprise as running a one-million ECI.
In fact, we were optimistic about reaching this goal in 2016. Our clear and evidence-based campaign call for reform raised high hopes for changes to Regulation 211/2011 implementing the ECI, especially after the Commission's own staffers indicated the need for reform and after we were able, in 2015, to convince the European Parliament, which overwhelmingly approved a resolution asking the Commission to make the ECI more user-friendly.
Those hopes were disappointed in early 2016, however, during an ECI hearing at the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC), when a Commission representative made it clear that the ECI Regulation would not be revised in 2016. This came on the heels of the release of minutes of the College of Commissioners' meeting, in which Commissioners described the ECI as a potentially dangerous tool which threatens European unity and which needs to be restricted.
We immediately challenged this claim in a public Euractive article which was broadly appreciated in the ECI community and beyond. We received equally full support from the European Ombudsman, Emily O'Reilly, who spoke at the “ECI DAY” event in April 2016. She declared the ECI to be in a dangerous “existential crisis” due to the European Commission's unfair and unsupportive attitude towards citizen participation in Europe.
Throughout 2016 we increased public attention on this unresolved problem and co-organized a large petition to “Save the ECI”, with more than 40,875 supporters from across Europe, whose signatures were submitted directly to the Commission. As in past years, the Commission staffers remained very friendly (see the Secretariat General's response to our petition here).
Nearly everyone agreed that the ECI needed reform – except for the main political decision-maker: Mr. Frans Timmermans. The Commission's VP remained silent on the ECI in public for nearly two years. This was what made the situation so challenging and, quite frankly, many of us felt outright desperation.
In early 2017, the parliament's constitutional affairs committee (AFCO) agreed to produce a legislative initiative report to force the Commission's hand, after the Commission restated publicly that it had no intention of reviewing the ECI legislation.
New regulation expected in 2019
Two years have been lost through the total inaction of the Commission. It will now take another two years until the new ECI regulation proposals go through the co-decision procedure (which requires the agreement of the European Parliament and Council). European citizens who want to use the ECI will thus have to endure the current ineffective and flawed framework until 2019.
While many citizens had been hoping for ECI reform, they now feel forced to use an unreformed ECI instrument simply because there is virtually no alternative to the ECI instrument at the EU level – and because their many political issues can no longer wait. The result is that there are now more registered ECIs in 2017 than in 2016. In fact, many of them are currently asking us for advice and are looking into using our openECI online collection software.
Nonetheless, we welcome Commissioner Timmermans' intention to reform the European Citizens' Initiative. The Commission must now come forward with proposals that will genuinely break down the barriers between citizens and those who decide on the laws that affect them.
We will need a clearer obligation by the European Commission to follow up successful initiatives. In the past, the lack of meaningful action has undermined confidence in the ECI instrument. Citizens need to know that their efforts have a genuine likelihood of being turned into real action.
As usual, we will actively monitor the upcoming revision process and participate in every possible way to help make this revision a success for participative democracy in the EU. Please join us!
More than most, local ski resorts are coming to rue that old adage: If you don't like the weather in New England, wait five minutes.
After experiencing ideal conditions that allowed many New England resorts to open early this ski season, operators are looking at a nightmare scenario: a wide band of rain and sleet that could wash away much of the natural and artificial bounty covering their slopes just as families pack their bags and boots and plan to head north for the holiday break.
“It's going to rain everywhere,” lamented avid skier and New England Cable News meteorologist Tim Kelley. “It just happens to be three or four of the busiest days for the resorts.”
Advertisement
And it could get worse: Depending on the storm track and shifting temperatures, some ski areas may even be hit with a ice storm, which can down trees and power lines and require days, if not weeks, of cleanup.
Barry Chin/Globe Staff Ryan Pickering checked the quality of the snowmaking machines at Blue Hills ski area in Canton.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
While the forecast, which includes rain and a thaw in the days leading up to the Christmas-New Year's holiday, probably won't change the plans for skiers and riders who booked in advance, many skiers are now booking their vacations later than ever. So if the forecast proves accurate, the ski areas may not even know how much business the change in weather costs them.
That has resorts even more grateful for the combination of sustained cold weather and timely snowfall that hit the New England mountains beginning in November. That allowed resorts to begin snowmaking operations early, which quickly paid off with a surge of skiers — as much as a 30 percent increase above business compared to last year.
“We're off to one of the best starts we've had in years,” said Karl Stone, marketing director for the trade group Ski New Hampshire. “We were due.”
In Massachusetts, Nashoba Valley in Westford had 17 trails open as of late last week — the most this early in the season in the ski area's 50-year history.
Advertisement
“For us to have this much snow in December is a really nice present,” Nashoba's marketing and group sales director Pam Fletcher said. “We're in great shape right now.”
In Vermont, the early season cold enabled enough snowmaking that the state boasted 11 ski areas open the weekend before Thanksgiving. It was the first time in the state's history that so many resorts were open before December.
Parker Riehle, president of the trade group Ski Vermont, said the early cold temperatures were especially crucial because New England mountains cannot rely on natural snow. “We definitely appreciate it, both from saving money in operations and marketing. There's no better marketing than a natural snowfall throughout New England.”
In Maine, Sunday River has been open since Oct. 26, thanks in large part to its vast snowmaking capability. Still, it is understood that it is the natural snow that falls in other areas of New England that typically persuades Boston-area skiers and riders to make the trip north.
Fred Field for The Boston Globe Lee Willey moved mountains of man-made snow with a groomer at Loon Mountain in Lincoln, N.H.
“We generally put $2.5 million into our snowmaking each winter, so anytime it snows in the backyard of our market, that definitely helps drive people to our resort,” said Darcy Morse, Sunday River's director of communications.
Advertisement
“We're going into a holiday period with more open terrain we typically have at this time of year. Everything from season passes to lodging is up over last year. People are pretty excited about the season to come.”
At Vermont's Killington Mountain Resort, which has been open for two months now, sales are up 9.5 percent overall compared a year ago. That includes season passes, day tickets, lessons, and lodging. The mountain also planned to be fully operational this weekend.
“We're very happy with the amount of terrain we have open,” spokesman Michael Joseph said. “It definitely always helps you open a lot of terrain faster, but our snowmakers are great, and that's why we've been skiing on terrain for almost 60 days now.”
But even ski areas without strong snowmaking capability have seen early season success. As of late this past week, Mad River Glen, which opened for the season last week, had skiing on nearly all its terrain, despite not possessing the firepower of snowmaking that the likes of Okemo, Mount Snow, and Bretton Woods can brag about.
“We went from being closed to 100 percent open,” said Eric Friedman, Mad River Glen's marketing director. “We're really, really excited to be open so far before Christmas.”
So while man-made snow allows the resorts to market themselves as open, there is still nothing that draws skiers and riders like natural snow. And now the advent of social media provides real-time conditions and weather reports in a way no resort mountain snow statement could as recently as a decade ago.
With a popular Twitter presence himself (@SurfSkiWxMan) Kelley and other forecasters have handy tools ready to ease the angst that might be rising in ski towns this weekend.
“I totally see more snowstorms coming before the new year,” Kelley said. “It's looking good for winter still.”
Eric Wilbur can e reached at eric.wilbur@globe.com Follow him on Twitter @GlobeEricWilbur
Prominent Alberta investment banker and former Arizona Coyotes co-owner George Gosbee died suddenly on Sunday and his passing sent shock waves through the tight-knit Calgary business community.
Mr. Gosbee, age 48, was co-founder and chief executive officer of AltaCorp Capital Inc., a Calgary-based investment bank that is partly owned by the provincial government through the Alberta Treasury Branches. He was also a founding director at Alberta Investment Management Co., the provincial pension fund, and served as an economic adviser to the federal Liberals and Conservatives. "George was a force in the investment community and his loss will be felt by many," AltaCorp said in a statement.
The company announced that Paul Sarachman, president of Altacorp, would take over as CEO. Mr. Sarachman said in a statement: "The AltaCorp family is deeply saddened by George's passing."
Story continues below advertisement
Calgary-based investment banker and entrepreneur W. Brett Wilson, a veteran of CBC's Dragons' Den, said in an e-mail, "George was a competitor and friend – and a great entrepreneur – a true loss for Calgary, for Alberta and for Canada."
Mr. Gosbee was a former co-owner of the National Hockey League's Arizona Coyotes. He led a group of Calgary business executives who bought the troubled team in 2013, after it had filed for creditor protection, but the group sold a controlling interest to hedge fund manager Andrew Barroway in 2014 .
"George was a tremendous person and passionate hockey fan who played a key role in keeping the Coyotes in Arizona," Mr. Barroway said in a news release. "Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends."
NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly said on social media: "George stepped up at a time when this franchise needed him most. He and his partners created an opportunity for the Coyotes to carve a long-term future … an opportunity that may not have existed without them."
Born in Kingston, Ont., Mr. Gosbee moved to Alberta as a child and earned a business degree at the University of Calgary. He survived a brain tumour at the age of 22. He joined investment bank Peters & Co., which focuses on the oil patch, in the early 1990s, then worked at a number of independent dealers.
Mr. Gosbee co-founded Tristone Capital Inc. in 2000 and subsequently sold the firm to Australia's Macquarie Bank for $130-million in 2009, then launched AltaCorp. in 2010. He also served as a director at TMX Group Ltd. for three years and spent two years on the board of Chrysler Group LLC, from 2009 to 2011, representing the Ontario and Canadian governments as the automaker was restructured following the global financial crisis.
ATB Financial president and chief executive Dave Mowat said Mr. Gosbee was compassionate and energetic person who will be missed "in countless ways."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"George was a gifted, visionary leader in the financial and business community, not only in Calgary but across Canada. I'm proud to have worked with George," Mr. Mowat said in a statement.
ATB said it will work with the AltaCorp board and leadership team to support employees, clients, and "the company's continuing success."
An active philantropist, Mr. Gosbee volunteered his time for the Calgary Highlanders infantry unit, where he was a former honorary Lieutenant-Colonel, and at the University of Calgary and with the Canadian Council of Chief Executives.
Conditions of approval These are some of the conditions the Ambassador Bridge must meet as part of the approval it received from the Canadian government to build a new span: — Tear down the current bridge within five years of the replacement span opening to traffic. — Acquire a stretch of Huron Church Road between College Avenue and Wyandotte Street. A new local road providing the same north-south traffic access must be constructed nearby. — Build a new new west-end fire hall somewhere in the area bordered by Prince Road, Peter Street, Brock Street and Felix Avenue to replace the one on College Avenue. — Complete construction of the twin span within five years, plus complete a new Canada Customs facility that meets all security standards before the new span will be allowed to open. — Demolish all Indian Road and other nearby buildings within the new span's corridor and maintain as parkland an area between Wyandotte Street and Riverside Drive. The detailed list of conditions is on Transport Canada's website.
The Ambassador Bridge has received federal cabinet approval in Canada to build a new span between Windsor and Detroit, it announced Wednesday.
The approval is the final major hurdle Ambassador Bridge owner Matty Moroun needed to clear to construct a new six-lane span to replace the existing one and compete with a yet-to-be-built publicly owned bridge.
The go-ahead comes with a long list of conditions, which include acquiring certain properties in the area and demolishing the existing bridge within five years of the replacement span opening to traffic.
For years, the Ambassador Bridge has been planning and purchasing property on the city's west end for a new six-lane Detroit River crossing just metres to the west of the existing 87-year old span.
All major permits for the project were issued in recent years, except for an order-in-council — approval from the federal cabinet.
That permission was granted unceremoniously in Ottawa on Wednesday, according to the bridge company.
“The Ambassador Bridge will now build North America's longest cable-stayed bridge next to the original span of the privately funded Ambassador Bridge which was the longest suspension bridge when it opened in 1929,” said Matthew Moroun, a bridge company executive and Matty's son.
“We especially thank Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Canada for issuance of the final permit supporting our company to make this major investment in international infrastructure.
“There have been many challenges our company has faced over the years in pursuit of this moment. We are now tasked with the duty to construct a privately funded bridge with the hard work of thousands of engineers, steelworkers, construction experts that will be employed to deliver this once in a lifetime project.”
Moroun noted that there “are those who never thought our permit would be approved” and added: “Hopefully now we can all come together and take pride in watching a new bridge rise across the shared border between our great nations.”
The second span is controversial in Windsor because of its proximity to thousands of residents on the city's west side.
In the 1990s, the bridge company started buying and boarding up homes on nearby residential streets — primarily Indian Road. It now owns more than 120 properties, most of which are dilapidated.
The City of Windsor ordered the Morouns to repair the homes. They have fought the issue all the way to Canada's Supreme Court.
Mayor Drew Dilkens said he was given a heads-up in recent days by federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau that cabinet would approve construction of a new Ambassador Bridge to replace the existing one.
“They have done that, now the devil is in the details,” Dilkens said. “Until we know the conditions and what's included in the permit, we are not in a position to respond.”
Litigation over the fate of the bridge's boarded-up homes continues, he said.
“We need to know what's in the permit before we know whether that lawsuit should even continue,” he said.
Given that federal permission has been granted for the twin span, it would be impossible for the city to halt the process, the mayor said.
“But we own the roads and there is infrastructure underneath, so there will need to be easements and transactions that will have to occur,” Dilkens said. “But the last large hurdle for them to overcome was this permit and they have done that.”
Both the U.S. Coast Guard and Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency previously signed off on all necessary environmental approvals for the crossing.
The Morouns say the proposed cable-stayed bridge will cost them US$1 billion to build.
Bridge watchdog and Sandwich Street bake shop owner Mary Ann Cuderman called the federal government's approval of the new span “devastating news” for her community, which sits in the shadows of the bridge.
“This is just awful,” she said. “To have this happen to Sandwich is just unconscionable This area has fought for so long. You might as well just cut off this community and let us float down the river to see if we can find a better spot to be.”
Cuderman is worried hazardous goods, banned on the current bridge, will be allowed on the new span.
“It's going to get worse and we will have no say,” she said.
MP Brian Masse (NDP — Windsor West) said the details of the federal permit need to be made public so those who live close to the crossing and border truck corridor on Huron Church Road know what to expect.
“If it's just a blanket permit there are a number of serious questions about the environment and economy,” he said. “We need those specifics because the impacts could be significant. The relationship to the neighbourhood is of immediate concern.”
The Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerce embraced the announcement, saying it wants as much new infrastructure as possible at the Windsor-Detroit border — North America's busiest trade crossing.
“From the business community's perspective it's welcome news to get certainty on at least one of the two (bridge) projects moving forward,” said Matt Marchand, the chamber's CEO.
“I am not really surprised. This project has been on the books for a number of years and approval was going to come sooner or later. We not only need both bridges, but the rail tunnel, as well. We need everything updated and completed, so this is a step in the right direction.”
Late last month, the Windsor-Detroit Bridge Authority announced the selection of a contractor to build the new publicly owned crossing — to be called the Gordie Howe International Bridge — has been delayed. It wants to have a contractor picked by late 2018.
Several more months in 2019 will be needed for a fairness monitor to verify the process was carried out properly. Then the bridge authority has to negotiate a final contract with the winning bidder and workers will have to be hired before construction can start.
That pushes the anticipated completion date back to early 2023, as it is estimated construction will take at least 42 months.
The three consortiums bidding on the project have pulled staff from the Windsor area until they receive more definitive information from bridge authority.
The Howe bridge project is “separate and distinct from the plans by the Ambassador Bridge,” said Heather Grondin, vice-president for the bridge authority.
The bridge authority and federal government remain committed to the project, she said.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, who supports construction of the Howe bridge, said Canadian approval for a new Ambassador Bridge span “reflects the reality” the Windsor-Detroit border crossing is the busiest commercial corridor between Canada and U.S.
“It also addresses the physical limitations of the 87-year-old Ambassador Bridge by calling for a replacement span, rather than the construction of a ‘twin' span,” he said. “However, construction on a replacement span would not begin unless and until further governmental approvals in the U.S. are obtained and several conditions established by Canada are met.”
dbattagello@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaveBattagello
When you were young what did your parents leave out for Santa on Christmas Eve? In our house it was a couple of mince pies and mint matchmakers, don't ask why, I think we might have figured Santa would like some minty magic for his sleigh ride. We always thought the big guy was a sloppy eater with the amount of crumbs that were left behind though…
I've made a couple of batches of mince pies already this month, first there was my test batch and then a second lot when the in laws were over, so when it came to using the jar of mincemeat I had in the fridge I thought I'd try something a little different and opted for a Festive Slice, and sitting here on the couch with my cup of coffee, wrapped up in a cosy blanket and watching my twinkling lights on the tree, I am quite honestly in a kind of Christmas bliss!
Christmas Mincemeat Slices
Makes 12 slices
3 tablespoons natural brown sugar
½ cup vegan margarine
1 cup buckwheat flour
½ cup wholewheat flour
1.5 cups oats
Pinch cinnamon
Pinch nutmeg
½ tsp baking soda
3 tablespoons almond milk (or any other non dairy milk)
Half jar vegan mincemeat (I used Robertsons Mincemeat)
1. Preheat oven to 170 degrees and line a square baking tray with greaseproof paper.
2. In a bowl cream together the sugar and margarine until combined.
3. Add the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg and stir together until mixed thoroughly. Then add the milk and the oats and stir to combine.
4. Add 2 thirds of the mixture into the lined baking tray smoothing out until evenly distributed, then add the layer of mincemeat on top, again spreading evenly.
5. With the remaining third of the mixture, I got in their with my hands, breaking it up into small sections and flattening in my palms and adding on top of the mincemeat layer, then take a spatula and carefully spread it over so there are no gaps.
5. Pop in the oven for 30 – 40 minutes.
6. Remove from heat and allow cooling, then sieve some icing sugar over the top to decorate!
From the 30+ photos I took of my festive slices, these 2 I liked the best. Still looking at new camera options and have been sat mucking around with my current camera settings, adjusting this and that to see if it makes a difference. I might need to try a lamp of some kind to give me a decent chance in getting a shot that doesn't look too dark!
A fan-created ASCII version of the 1999 sci-fi classic The Matrix is currently the oldest torrent alive. Created exactly 10 years ago the file in question has achieved iconic status, piquing the interest of dozens of downloaders week after week. Warner Bros, is not known to go after this type of fan-art, so those who are interested can proceed to download without worry.
A decade ago the Internet looked vastly different from how it does today. Torrent sites such as The Pirate Bay and Torrentz were only a few months old, while Facebook and YouTube didn't even exist.
Back then BitTorrent was a relatively unknown technology that, for the first time in history, allowed users to share large videos with groups of people all over the world.
One of the torrents that gained quite a bit of traction in the early days is an ASCII version of The Matrix. This piece of fan art is a re-coded version of the original movie in green text on a black background, resulting in a rather unique viewing experience.
Thanks to BitTorrent, the creator of The Matrix ASCII was able to share his work with thousands of people. Exactly 10 years ago today on December 20, 2003, the torrent for this release was created.
A few weeks later the torrent file was first shared online, along with an ASCII DVD cover and insert. In the months and years that followed thousands of copies of the film were downloaded worldwide, and even today it is still being shared by a dozen people every day.
To the best of our knowledge, this means that The Matrix ASCII is the oldest torrent that's still being actively shared.
The.Matrix-ASCII screencap
All in all it's safe to say that The Matrix ASCII has become a fine piece of Internet history. The tale of its survival in itself has now become a reason for people to download it as a collectors' item.
The question is, however, will it survive another decade?
Submitted by Charles Hugh Smith from Of Two Minds
That Which is Unsustainable Will Go Away: Medicare
Medicare is an example of an unsustainable system that will go away in the decade ahead.
Here are the sobering facts about the number of workers and those drawing Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid entitlements in the U.S. While the government claims to have a "trust fund" to pay for Social Security and Medicare, this is illusory propaganda. There are no funds set aside to pay these entitlements--they are "pay as you go" programs funded by current tax revenues. If the tax revenues don't cover the programs' expenses, the Treasury sells bonds, i.e. issues debt to pay the entitlements.
Social Security (SSA) has 61 million beneficiaries as of March 2012.
Medicare has 49 million beneficiaries as of November 2011.
Medicaid has over 50 million beneficiaries; another source puts the current number at 58 million.
Kaiser Family Foundation says roughly 7 million "dual-eligibles" who receive both Medicaid and Medicare, so let's use the data point of 50 million Medicaid-only recipients.
We can assume that most people drawing Medicare benefits also draw Social Security, while the 8+ million drawing disability from Social Security are also covered by Medicaid.
However you slice it, there are roughly 60 million people drawing Social Security and Medicare/Medicaid and another 50 million Medicaid recipients for a total of 110 million people drawing significant entitlements.
As I have noted here many times, there are only 115 million full-time jobs in the U.S.
That means the ratio of workers to recipients of significant "pay as you go" entitlements is roughly 1-to-1: 115 million full-time workers and 110 million people drawing Social Security and Medicare/Medicaid.
These programs consume the majority of the Federal budget. The Federal government spends around $3.7 trillion and collects around $2.6 trillion in taxes, so the basic deficit is $1.1 trillion. Off-balance sheet "supplemental appropriations" mean the real deficit is actually considerably higher.
Social Security costs $817 billion, Medicare and Medicaid costs total about $800 billion annually, and program outlays rise every year. The Pentagon/National Security budget is around $690 billion.
As I detailed in The Fraud at the Heart of Social Security (January 17, 2011), the program paid out $707 billion in 2010 and collected $631 billion in taxes, a $76 billion shortfall for 2010. The current program (2012) cost is $817 billion, a leap of $100 billion in a few short years as Baby Boomers flood into the program.
Of the roughly 150 million workers in the U.S., 38 million earn less than $10,000 per year, 50 million earn less that $15,000 a year and 61 million earn less than $20,000 annually. All these numbers are drawn directly from Social Security Administration payroll data.
100 million wage earners, or 2/3 the entire workforce, earn less than $40,000 per year.
Median pay in the U.S. is about $26,360 annually, while the average pay is about $40,000. Since the average American household takes in $63,091 per year, it seems the typical wage is roughly $30,000 a year.
The Medicare tax is 2.9% of wages, 1.45% each for employer and employee. If the typical worker makes $30,000 a year for 35 years, then lifetime earnings are about $1 million. If we take the $40,000/year average, then that rises to around $1.4 million in lifetime earnings. The 2.9% Medicare tax thus totals about $30,000 to $40,000 in lifetime contributions for the average worker.
The average benefits extracted from the system run from $393,000 to $525,000 (due to the benefits extended to non-working spouses, benefits for never-married people may be somewhat lower). Average annual costs per beneficiary run as high as $18,000, though expenses typically rise significantly in the last year of life.
As I have reported here earlier, a friend's father was in the hospital a few years ago for less than a week for "observation" and a non-invasive gall-stone procedure. Medicare was billed $120,000, or roughly the lifetime contributions of three workers for this modest procedure and a few days in a hospital. My Mom had an office procedure performed on one of her toes and Medicare was billed $12,000. An office procedure (not in surgery) that took a few minutes absorbed 1/3 of my entire lifetime contributions to Medicare.
What we have is a system where the full-time worker to beneficiary is already 1-to-1 and the system pays out 10 times more per person than it collects in taxes. The Medicare system would need about 10 workers for every beneficiary to be sustainable. Right now the ratio is just above 2-to-1. That simply is not sustainable.
Tweaking the payouts doesn't change the basic math: "pay as you go" entitlements are not sustainable when the number of recipients equals the number of full-time workers. Programs that pay out $400,000 per person (many of whom did not work a lifetime) and collect $40,000 per lifetime of full-time work are not sustainable.
Wishing the math were different does not make it different.
Feminist mom, Leah McLaren has two sons who are your typical rough and tumble young boys. McLaren was offended by her youngest son who is only 3 years old after he rejected ‘girlish' things and vows to turn him into a ‘proud princess whether he likes it or not'.
Leah McLaren wrote the following article on the Canadian site The Globe and Mail:
The other day I was sitting in the park with James, 3, when I picked a dandelion and handed it to him as a present. “No way, Mummy,” he said, pushing away my gift. “Flowers are pretty and I'm a boy.” And I thought: That's it. I'm signing him up for ballet.
Wonderful! So her innocent 3 year old boy rejects flowers and she's going to punish him by putting him in ballet with all girls who wear pink tutus. But wait, there's more…
As James gets older and begins to discover himself, I realize that he is being guided just as much by what he vehemently rejects as what he genuinely loves (zombies, magic, ice cream, dogs and dancing). Some of the things he now pushes away he truly seems to dislike (yogurt, itchy sweaters, going to bed), but other things he is starting to turn on for reasons of obvious cultural conditioning. James isn't entirely sure who he is yet, but he definitely knows what he's not, and that's 1) a baby or 2) a girl. Lately, anything that falls into either of those two categories is verboten to him. But as I watch my son reject flowers and dolls and even pink Popsicles – all things that until, very recently, he adored – on the grounds that they are “girlish,” I have come to see Fine's point. There is something inherently sexist, even covertly misogynist, in the way we discourage boys away from pretty things while telling girls they can have it all.
So now it's sexist and misogynist to discourage boys from being effeminate….this is Feminism, folks! It gets better…
This sort of messaging is a bad thing for boys because it's culturally limiting, but in the broader sense it's even worse for girls. Because what it is saying is this: Boy stuff is universally cool and girl stuff is silly and worthless.
This internal dialogue is just astounding. This mother is actually internally debating gender theory and lamenting her child seeing the world in binary terms, ie; mommy and daddy, boy and girl but seeks to slowly brainwash this poor child by blurring gender lines…
Much as I dislike the idea of anything being categorized as inherently feminine or masculine, it's hard to explain poststructuralist gender theory to a three-year old. For James, the world is pretty much binary at the moment, and trying to shift that perspective – little by little – has become my pet project. It's also a window into what a strange place the world must be for transgender or gender-non-conforming kids.
And this is how this mother believes her son will learn to love and respect women…
If I want my son to love and respect women, I am going to have to teach him to embrace – and ideally appreciate – “girlish” things. That's why I'm weaving him a dandelion crown and signing him up for ballet.
And here is the grand finale…you just can't make this stuff up. How do you think this young boy is going to perceive his mother after she forces him to do things that he naturally rejects?
I'm going to turn the little alphabet belcher into a proud princess whether he likes it or not.
Story by The Gateway Pundit.
Don't listen to anyone who tells you Justified is just a cop show. First of all, Raylan Givens is a not a cop. As he likes to point out, he's a Deputy US Marshal, which means he doesn't have to care about piddling little crimes like drugs or theft. He's here for the big stuff, the murder and the mayhem. Oh, and also, when he says he's going to shoot you, he can, and he will. But Justified isn't just a show about US Marshals chasing fugitives, either.
Read More Binge-Watching Guides
The Wire
Sons of Anarchy
DeadwoodJustified is a duel, a duel between two men who are each other's only equals in this world: Raylan Givens (Timothy Olyphant) and his old friend Boyd Crowder (Walton Goggins). It's a duel fought with bullets and fists, but mostly with words—beautiful, archaic, unceasing words that trill from so many monologues you'd think this was a play if it wasn't for all the car chases. And the show that unfolds is a game between the two of them, wherein one plays a devil and the other an angel—sometimes swapping roles back and forth.
The basic premise of the show is that handsome, charming, reckless Raylan gets into too much trouble in Miami (shooting bad guys point-blank) and is sent back home to work in the Lexington, Kentucky US Marshal's office. Trouble is, back in Kentucky he knows everybody. His ex-wife is the court reporter, his old shooting instructor is the boss, his former classmates are the drug dealers and crime bosses, and even his father is one of the criminals he's now set to chasing. Raylan's daddy issues manifest in every part of his life, from who he loves to who he shoots to how he sees himself in the mirror of the motel he lives in for far too long. And they're especially evident in how he handles Boyd, whose criminal tendencies make him a better fit to be his father's son. When Boyd and Raylan were just two boys with outlaw fathers, they worked the mines together. But after Raylan rejected the lifestyle of his family and went in with the law, Boyd embraced the dark side, learning how to blow stuff up and hate his fellow man.
When Raylan says he'll shoot Boyd in the very first episode of the show—[Spoiler Alert]—he does it. But the two men also save each other's lives time and time again. If the writers of this show have any mercy—and they do—they'll end the series with these two going after each other in a shootout. It's the only option. And, as Boyd says in Season 4, "May the best man win."
courtesy FX
Justified
Number of Seasons: 5 (67 episodes)
Time Requirements: With 67 episodes over five seasons, each running approximately 45 minutes, you've got 3,015 minutes of Justified to binge. But you've also got until January before you need to be caught up for the sixth and final season, so pace yourself. Justified is told in season arcs, with a new primary antagonist each year. Many episodes have episodic mini-arcs, but you can't really skip around and watch out of order. It's best to do two episodes each weeknight and three each weekend day. Even if you give yourself some breaks in between—because the shooting can be a little much in high doses and the accent is infectious—this regimen should still get you through in about two months.
Where to Get Your Fix: Amazon Prime
Best Character to Follow: Boyd Crowder. Because he changes. He is constantly unpredictable. Unlike Raylan, who is slaying dragons we easily identify in the first episode, Boyd goes from an evil man to a preacher to a good friend and maybe back again. You never know whether to trust him or root for his death, but by the end, you've fallen in love with him.
courtesy FX
Seasons/Episodes You Can Skip: Season 3 has some bad guest stars (the third episode, in particular, features some poor acting and an unfortunate porn vibe), and the finale is just kind of dull, but you need to watch it. And Season 4 has some Patton Oswalt-heavy moments that we recommend fast-forwarding through. But the real skippable chunk of Justified is Season 5. Not because the story's not good, or the writing is bad. No, it's because there is one very unfortunate guest star whose accent is so upsettingly bad that you can't really take it seriously. That, and Raylan has a bad haircut for some movie Olyphant was shooting in the off-season, and that shouldn't be allowed. Timothy Olyphant is a perfect specimen of human beauty and he should never have a bad haircut. But watch the last episode so you know what's about to go down when the show starts up again.
Seasons/Episodes You Can't Skip: Throughout the entire run of Justified the interconnected relationships of the characters reveal themselves in surprising ways—ways we don't want to spoil here. That said, here's a spoiler-lite roundup of the show's must-watch episodes.
Season 1: Episode 1, "Fire in the Hole" Taking its title from the short story on which the entire show is based, the pilot is a nearly perfect 45 minutes of television. It sets up every dynamic, starts with a gun, and shoots it before the title sequence. The only flaw is when Raylan says at one point, "I was justified," which is cheesy. But he never says it again, so forgive him. [Update on Sept 26: Justified writer VJ Novack tweets to say this line inspired the title of the show, not vice versa. We rescind our objection.]
Season 1: Episode 9, "Hatless" This episode is essential because it serves as a full primer on Raylan's demons.
Season 1: Episode 10, "Hammer" By this point in the season, Boyd has undergone a transformation, and now we finally get to see what it was all leading to.
Season 1: Episode 12, "Fathers and Sons" If Raylan has daddy issues, Boyd has daddy nightmares, and they play out in all their terrible ways in this episode.
Season 2: Episode 1, "The Moonshine War" Meet Mags (Margo Martindale). She may seem like a sweetheart who just happens to make some very strong moonshine, but she is actually someone far more powerful.
Season 2: Episode 5, "Cottonmouth" Boyd is trying to make a go at a new new life, but complications intervene. There are explosions, and Raylan just can't disentangle himself from Harlan County.
Season 2: Episode 6, "Blaze of Glory" Someone in Raylan's life is a bad, bad girl.
Season 2: Episode 7, "Save My Love" If you've been waiting to see Raylan's tender side, this is the episode for you.
Season 2: Episode 9, "Brother's Keeper" There are pivotal moments for all the main characters in this episode (Boyd sees a possible path to a real future and Raylan cements a loyal friendship with Loretta, a youngster he's been helping in Harlan). A twist at the end leads to incredible acting from Martindale.
Season 2: Episode 10, "Debts and Accounts" Boyd finally becomes a king of sorts, but of what kingdom?
Season 2: Episode 13, "Bloody Harlan" Mag's storyline comes to a head. Raylan is his badass self, and Boyd says, "My name is Boyd Crowder. You can come after me if you want but it will be the last thing you ever do, I promise you that." (Chills.)
Season 3: Episode 1, "The Gunfighter" Some bad men with Yankee accents are on the prowl.
Season 3: Episode 3, "Harlan Roulette" This episode contains the single most badass thing you can do with a bullet (hint: it's not "shoot it").
Season 3: Episode 4, "The Devil You Know" Raylan's chasing prison escapees, and Boyd's crew is growing restless.
Season 3: Episode 5, "Thick As Mud" You didn't think organ-theft could be funny? It can be.
Season 3: Episode 9, "Loose Ends" Widow Ava Crowder (Joelle Carter) steps up her game.
Season 3: Episode 12, "Coalition" Foes become unlikely friends as every single character on the show hurtles toward collision over a hefty chunk of change.
Season 4: Episode 1, "Hole in the Wall" First, a warning: If you have a snake phobia, tread carefully with the first four episodes of Season 4. And skip the third altogether. That said, all you need to know about the season's first episode is a bunch of cocaine and a dead body are not what you think they are and this first installment sets the storyline for rest of the season. Upsettingly, Raylan is dressed casually the whole time, but turns out he can pull off a jean jacket as well as a suit.
Season 4: Episode 2, "Where's Waldo?" Chief Deputy Art Mullen gets excited about the 30-year-old case of the dead parachuter.
Season 4: Episode 8, "Outlaw" Oh god, don't miss this one. That's all we'll say.
Season 4: Episode 9, "The Hatchet Tour" Finally, we get an answer to the season's biggest mystery, but it raises more questions of its own.
Season 4: Episode 13, "Ghosts" Raylan crosses a line.
Season 5: Episode 4, "Good Intentions" Raylan gets a serious lifestyle upgrade.
Season 5: Episode 9, "Wrong Roads" Ava proves she may be worn down, but she's still a fighter.
Season 5: Episode 11, "The Troll" The whole US Marshal family comes together in a crisis. Boyd knows how to pack cigarettes.
Season 5: Episode 12, "Starvation" Raylan is as sick of Darryl Crowe (Michael Rapaport) as the audience is.
Season 5: Episode 13, "Restitution" It all comes, finally, back to Boyd.
Why You Should Binge:
Justified defines cool. Cool under pressure, cool in style, speech, and manner. The crime plotlines are unlike any you've watched in other season-long procedurals. The suits are the best on TV (sorry, Suits and Mad Men, but it's no contest). And Justified never shows you a gun without firing it by the end of the episode—or before the opening credits have rolled. It never overpromises or under-delivers. And the center of the show, Raylan Givens, is a character you need to know. Raylan comes to the small screen by way of master crime-writer Elmore Leonard, who was an executive producer and writer on the show until his death in 2013. Every other character is as obsessed with Raylan as we, the audience, are. He is that one special person in your life who everyone loves. You know that person. You'd hate them if only you didn't love them so damn much.
Best Scene—"Next One's Comin' Faster":
Remember that thing we said earlier about the most badass thing a person can do with a bullet. Yep, that's it.
The Takeaway:
If you say you're going to do something, do it. And looking sharp while you're at it never hurts.
If You Liked Justified You'll Love:
Deadwood, which stars many of the same actors. FX's Sons of Anarchy, too, which will show you a whole new side of Walton Goggins. In fact, you may also want to throw in FX's newest great drama, Fargo.
DES MOINES, IA - NOVEMBER 05: U.S. President Barack Obama speaks during his last rally the night before the general election November 5, 2012 in Des Moines, Iowa. The rally was held just outside Obama's first headquarters from the 2008 campaign, where his first march to the White House started. Obama and his opponent, Republican presidential nominee and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney are stumping from one 'swing state' to the next in a last-minute rush to persuade undecided voters. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
A pro-gun control petition submitted on Friday through the White House's "We the People" platform has quickly emerged as the most popular cause ever championed on the website.
User David G. launched the effort hours after a shooter entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. and gunned down 26 people, including 20 young children. It quickly surged past the 25,000 signatures needed to warrant a White House reaction and has since secured more than 150,000 supporters. The petition, one of a number of similar efforts calling for action on gun control, calls for President Barack Obama's administration to "immediately address the issue of gun control through the introduction of legislation in Congress."
As National Journal reports, the gun control petition overtook a submission by a Texas resident last month calling for Obama to grant his state the right to secede in the wake of the president's reelection. That effort currently has 120,000 signatures attached to it.
Neither Obama nor his administration have announced any concrete steps on the issue of gun control, but the president addressed the nation twice since the Newtown shooting, calling for meaningful action to prevent future tragedies of this nature. On Monday, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters that gun control was "part of" the equation to confronting the trend of mass shootings, but "far from all of it."
Though Harley Quinn and the Joker have been making most of the Suicide Squad action figure waves (the latter despite only being in a portion of the film, and not a proper member of the Skwad), more of the cast is finally getting a moment in the sun. Now Will Smith isn't exactly known for giving his likeness rights to action figures, but it would appear some special exceptions have been made for his turn as Deadshot in the upcoming DC movie. While the mass market versions bare the same passing resemblance of his figures from past films, Medicom has gone all out to bring the real Fresh Prince to life.
Whatever your opinions on the costume design for Suicide Squad --- I happen to think Deadshot's is pretty good --- Medicom's captured it quite well. Even the small details, like the stitching on his collar that reads, "I am the light. The Way." are provided in clear, concise fashion. The armor details look great, and you get a real sense of his practical shielding. Deadshot's not a guy with extraordinary powers, so it definitely makes sense from him to come to the party with a little boost in the self-preservation department. All that plating also helps hide the various points of articulation (which are plentiful), without compromising on poseability. He might not be as agile as Harley Quinn, but Deadshot can still get creative with his stances.
It wouldn't be a Deadshot figure without his signature gauntlet pistols, and they're definitely captured in nice technical detail. The same can be said of all his weapons, including the three pistols and his automatic rifle. The rifle takes its design cues from his outfit, even going so far as to also include that same quote found on his collar. It's a little Biblical, but the Floyd Lawton we know from the comics has never been a penitent man. It'll be interesting to see if that's an element shown off in the film at all, particularly because of its seeming prominence on Deadshot's gear.
In addition to the Will Smith head, there's also a more traditional masked version included. Of all the things to change about the character design, slotting the red targeting scope on the opposite side versus how it looks in the comics seems rather trivial. That they included it at all without making it look ridiculous will just have to do. The unmasked head's version is just different enough to make it noticeable, but either way, you'll have it present on both versions no matter how you want to display Deadshot.
The Medicom MAFEX Suicide Squad Deadshot figure is slated for release in March 2017, and will retail for ~$60.
What does it take to outshine the competition? Mountain View Voice readers know what it takes, and they've made it clear: these are the top restaurants, retailers and professionals in town. If you're looking for Mountain View's best of the best, from pizza to pet care, chiropractors to Chinese cuisine, boutiques to barcecue, they're all here. We've carefully tallied the votes, and we're pleased to present your winners, the places you chose for the best service, best retail, the best food and best places to have fun.
How it works
Our annual Best Of Mountain View contest is all about letting readers express their opinions about the businesses they love in our area. Balloting is open for six weeks and is exclusively online. All ballots must contain votes for at least five businesses in five categories and be confirmed by clicking on a link in a confirming email we send after a ballot is submitted. If we don't receive a confirmation, the ballot is not counted.
We encourage businesses to actively campaign with their loyal customers to get votes, and many do. But we prohibit multiple votes from the same person, email address or IP address. We have multiple ways of discovering cheating or ballot-stuffing, and each year we disqualify many ballots that we determine came from illegitimate email addresses.
This year more than 22,000 votes were cast, with about 70 percent confirmed and counted.
We allow a business in a neighboring city to win if it receives the most votes, which occasionally occurs. The most unusual example of this is Chef Chu's, which is located in Los Altos but won as Best Chinese Restaurant among readers of both the Palo Alto Weekly and the Mountain View Voice. We populate the initial ballot with obvious businesses and those that did well in the voting the previous year, but any business located in the Midpeninsula (Redwood City to Mountain View) may ask to be listed.
Is one of your favorites missing from among the winners? Watch for our 2015 contest next April and make sure to vote.
You can also download a full list of 2014 Best Of Mountain View winners.
Paid Advertisement
Best of Mountain View contributors
Editor: Andrea Gemmet
Writers: Cooper Aspegren, Kevin Forestieri
Publicity and Logistics: Veronica Benvenuto
Photographers: Brandon Chew, Michelle Le, Natalia Nazarova, Veronica Weber
Novak's Tavern & Patio Set to Open this May
If you've ever driven down the High Street drag that connects the Short North to Downtown, then there are a few places you could not have missed: the Convention Center, the old Yankee Trader, and Novak's.
Novak's has proudly been a fixture at 475 North High Street since the early nineties. When the doors closed in 2012, fans of the local haunt were understandably dismayed as it had boasted one of the best patios and best happy hours in town.
Enter Eric Goodman and his partners, Greg Tishkoff and Katie Frankl. The trio has already successfully launched three other bars in Central Ohio (2 Yogi's Bar & Grills in Dublin and The Filling Station Bar & Grill in Powell), and are eager about the possibilities of the new Novak's Tavern & Patio.
“From floor to ceiling, stairwells to bathrooms, and everything in between, we are excited to unveil the new space,” said Goodman. “We are't looking to reinvent the wheel, but rather improve upon a lot of the elements that were already in place”.
Most of the changes customers will see will be in the renovations and layout. The previous Novak's had a long, narrow bar that led into a cramped back area littered with pool tables and tiny televisions. This new version will allow patrons to walk comfortably through the bar area, includes large windows that open out onto High Street, boasts cozy booth seating where there was previously none, and features remodeled stairways and bathrooms.
The real gem of this new project though is the completely redesigned patio, which features relaxing furniture, a permanent covered bar area where it was previously a summer-only luxury, and several new televisions.
In addition, Novak's Tavern & Patio will be partnering with a few local eateries to offer convenient food options for the hungry masses. They still won't have their own kitchen, but promises that customers will not even have to leave their bar stool to order some quality eats.
“We hope to deliver a superior level of service, while pouring a great drink and giving the customer the atmosphere they are seeking,” Goodman adds. “We hope to grow upon the same customers that made the previous Novak's their go-to watering hole”.
Novak's Tavern & Patio is set to open late May. To follow their progress, and get updates on their kickoff, visit www.facebook.com/novakstavern.
Photo via Novak's Tavern & Patio.
Related Articles: No related articles.
About the Author Ayana Wilson is a former staff writer at Columbus Underground who covered local restaurant industry news.
Tags:
This story has been updated.
If there is one area that generations of foreign correspondents in India have diligently covered, it is monkeys.
The New York Times started writing about the rosy-bottomed creatures in the subcontinent in the 1940s—and has not let go even seven decades later, even as India was transformed from a brand-new republic to one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
On Jan. 23, the venerated American newspaper published an article titled “For Obama's Visit, India Takes a Broom to Stray Monkeys and Cows.” The story is about how New Delhi's city council workers tried to keep cows and monkeys off the streets ahead of Obama's visit.
Ellen Barry, the author of the piece, wrote:
“Consider the monkeys, mainly rhesus macaques: Bold enough to climb in kitchen windows to check the contents of refrigerators, they are also viewed as a representation of the Hindu deity Hanuman, so they cannot be harmed without prompting a major outcry.”
But the story—and the “orientalist” coverage that it typifies—were mocked in India and abroad.
https://twitter.com/MsBiryani/status/559217233097146368
https://twitter.com/jonathanshainin/status/558913320963416064
Update: “I cannot speak for the Times, but my own interest in monkeys goes back long before I was hired at the newspaper: This Gig Is a Real Grind,” Barry told Quartz in an email. “Previous to the piece I wrote this week, I did write one piece on monkeys while I covered Queens: A Taste of Baboon and Monkey Meat, and Maybe of Prison, Too.”
Yes, troops of monkeys can be spotted in many parts of the country. But it is hard to overlook the fact that the Times' coverage of the subject has had the same tone for years now.
Nov. 14, 2007: Monkeys in the parks, monkeys in the palace
Sept. 29, 2010: Monkeys deployed to guard Indian games
May 22, 2012: Indians feed the monkeys, which bite the hand
The newspaper's obsession with India's fauna is not just limited to monkeys. From dogs and cows to snakes, few animals have been spared. In August 2012, the NYT published a piece on stray dogs titled, “Where streets are thronged with strays wearing fangs.”
“Packs of strays lurk in public parks, guard alleyways and street corners and howl nightly in neighborhoods and villages. Joggers carry bamboo rods to beat them away, and bicyclists fill their pockets with stones to throw at chasers. Walking a pet dog here can be akin to swimming with sharks.”
The story elicited some sharp reactions from people on Twitter.
https://twitter.com/kitabet/status/232781574419148800
And there are stories on cows and snakes, too.
Not too long ago, this was the Times' reaction to India's historic Mars mission—the cheapest in the world.
The cartoon was deemed outright racist on social media and on several other publications—prompting the newspaper to issue an apology.
https://twitter.com/rtulshyan/status/519272567098445824
The newspaper clarified that it was not “trying to impugn India, its government or its citizens.” However, even the apology underlined the sentiments of the West when it wrote that the intent was to “highlight how space exploration is no longer the exclusive domain of rich, Western countries.”
In 2008, the NYT published an article about “cow-catchers” titled “Urban Cowboys Struggle With India's Sacred Strays.” The author of the story, Jeremy Kahn, wrote:
“There is perhaps no more stereotypical image of India than that of a stray cow sauntering down the middle of a busy city street, seemingly oblivious to the traffic swerving around it.”
Towards the end, he mockingly informed the readers that: “…they rarely socialize outside of work. There are no cowboy bars in Delhi.”
To be sure, the Times is not the only foreign publication to fixate on India's animals.
The Monkey Inspector's Report has a handy list of some of the monkey stories published by the foreign press over the years. Los Angeles Times, South China Morning Post, The Independent—all of them have played their part.
We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
After posting my little memoir about working on Dune, a lot of people asked to see more of the pre-production art. I have a couple of hundred images, far more than I could post here, so I decided on a selection that showed how the look of the movie evolved from conception to completion.
Advertisement
In the beginning there were sketches...thousands of sketches... Almost all of these were done by the brilliant production designer Tony Masters. Most of my design work involved props and weapons (I've included two of those drawings).
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
These were eventually incorporated into the production paintings I created. Some showed scenes as they might appear in the finished film, others were renderings of props and spacecraft...
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Many of the spacecraft were then turned into 3D models by my wife, Judith (who some of you may remember as Captain Judikha). Although all of these were made of paper, some had working parts. For instance, the wings of the Atreides 'thopter folded. These models were use by the drafting department as they drew up the blueprints for the effects modelers.
Advertisement
Here is another view of her prototype Navigator:
Advertisement
By the way, here is an unused concept for a mask to be worn by the first or second stage navigators (I forget which they were supposed to be). Sadly, I no longer remember who created this, though it may have been Carlo Rambaldi—
Judith also constructed models of many of the sets, especially the most complex ones, such as the gigantic set built for the scenes inside the seitch.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Everything eventually wound up in the drafting department, where beautiful plans were drawn up. Every set, spacecraft and prop had a detailed blueprint. Here is a section of the drawing for the Harkonnen 'thopter...
Once the blueprints were approved, things moved on to the special effects, prop makers and construction crews. Here is what the prop shop looked like, along with one of its products (a Fremen static electricity collector, in case you were about to ask)...
Advertisement
The model department was in charge of creating the spacecraft...
Advertisement
While the construction crews built and decorated the sets...
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bob Ringwood, the costume designer, had his own shop where he created everything from his own drawings. Here is Ringwood at work:
It was a lot of fun getting to try on some of the costumes. Sometimes this was in order to put on a show the film's financial backers, sometimes it was in order to test out a costume to see how it was working and sometimes it was just for fun. Here is Judith trying on a few things:
Advertisement
Advertisement
And one of the administrative assistants...
The only time I ever got involved in any of the costume work was in creating the art for the background stilsuits. These were nothing more than union suits with a black pattern printed on them. Here I am creating the prototype artwork...
One thing's for sure: Canada has just elected the most touchy-feely Prime Minister in its history. But the country will not be seeing just a measurable increase in the use of the words “love,” “caring” and “hope” in political speeches. Brace yourself for the surge in the following gestures on Parliament Hill.
Hand on heart
Plenty of Prime Ministers put their hands over their hearts during oaths or the singing of the national anthem. Trudeau has extended the gesture to that moment when a leader ascends to a lectern but the crowd refuses to stop cheering. U.S. president Barack Obama usually reacts to this by pointing his chin up and looking pensive. Tom Mulcair and Stephen Harper have endured with impatient smiles. Trudeau, however, manages not only a hand on his heart but moist eyes and a glowing expression, all delivered as a kind of silent “For me? Oh my God, thank you.”
Baby tricks
For reasons that science can never explain, there are thousands of parents who feel the need to thrust their young children into the arms of politicians. During the campaign, Trudeau made it a habit of happily accepting these babies, checking to see whether their knees locked and then balancing them on his hands for the cameras. Just as Jean Chretien made it a habit to pretend to choke people, this might become the signature move of the new Prime Minister. The new children of MPs, the offspring of visiting dignitaries, Make-a-Wish kids touring Parliament Hill; all will be perilously balanced on the hands of Canada's G7 leader.
Prayer hands
As Trudeau delivered his victory speech on Monday, wife Sophie Gregoire seemed to look upon her husband with the zeal of a Pentecostal revivalist. Face contorted with emotion, she kept her hands pitched in apparent prayer. The Trudeaus aren't known to be particularly religious, so this might simply be Gregoire's “You did it, babe” pose. Indeed, attendees to the 2013 Liberal convention would have seen her made a similar gesture of genuflection during her husband's acceptance speech.
Lots more PDA
Pierre Trudeau allegedly touched his wife Margaret in public a few times, although little photographic evidence exists. Justin and Sophie, on the other hand, are so kissy they almost warrant a PG rating. Politicians usually stick to a stage kiss with their spouses: Mouth closed, lips puckered and contact to last no more than one second. But the Trudeaus get into it with full-body embraces, hands-on-the-face, and even hands on the backs of heads. Another common move is the forehead touch: Both partners touch heads and briefly close their eyes in expressions of apparent ecstasy. At a Quebec campaign stop, even the romance-killing gaze of Stephane Dion wasn't enough to stop the Trudeaus from a few-seconds of forehead nuzzling.
The selfie reach
As recently as Paul Martin, it was really weird for people to approach a Prime Minister and ask them to stand still as they awkwardly held a camera at arms length. And by the time smartphones came around, Harper had put selfies in that wide category of glad-handy things to be avoided at all costs. But Trudeau has thus far demonstrated endless patience with strangers and their iPhones, even taking a shot himself, arm stretched out in front of smiling fans, for maximum payoff. (The Liberals sell a party-branded selfie stick.)
The ol' shoulder touch
It's hard to stress just how many petty complaints are directed at politicians. “My mail was late.” “My chest hurts.” “Nobody is hiring literature majors.” Trudeau, however, has an uncanny ability to put his hand on the shoulder of these petitioners and show a look of genuine concern until they're done talking. This simple gesture of empathy could smooth over a lot of federal cockups in the years to come. Ottawa screwed up disaster response for your flood-stricken community? Shoulder touch. Veteran's Affairs let you fall through the cracks? Shoulder touch. One of our MPs was caught with unseemly ties to construction lobbyists? Shoulder touch.
National Post
Valerie Plame Wilson cannot publicize details of her work as a CIA operative, even though a government official already outed her as an agent in an attempt to discredit her husband, Joseph C. Wilson, a federal appeals court says.
Plame Wilson, who served as chief of the unit responsible for weapons proliferation issues related to Iraq, argued that confidentiality agreements she signed to win her employment more than two decades ago should be nullified. The CIA has prohibited her from discussing her pre-2002 employment in her 2007 memoir, Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House.
She maintained the confidentiality agreement should be set aside because government officials leaked to the press that she was an agent. Also, as part of a battle to obtain retirement benefits, her 20-year-employment status became part of the congressional record.
Given that she has been revealed as a operative, the First Amendment allows her to sidestep her confidentiality agreement, she argued.
But the appeals court, in siding with a lower court and a CIA review board prohibiting her from describing her work prior to 2002, said the nation's national security could be compromised (.pdf) by the disclosures she'd planned in her book. In addition, the court said, it was irrelevant whether it was widely known that she was working undercover.
"That Ms. Wilson's service may have been cut short by the failure of others to respect the classified status of her employment may well have warranted investigation. But these circumstances do not absolve Ms. Wilson of her own secrecy obligations," a three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Thursday.
In a concurring opinion, Judge Robert Katzmann agreed that the court's hands were tied. But Katzmann suggested that it made no sense for the CIA to claim national security.
The CIA's position, he wrote, "blinks reality in light of the unique facts of this case and the policies behind the doctrines at issue here."
Nearly three years after the so-called "Yellowcake" scandal, Plame Wilson resigned in 2006 after concluding she was of little value to the CIA, given that her identity had been leaked to Novak.
Before the press outed her, Plame Wilson's husband published an op-ed in The New York Times discrediting President George W. Bush's assertion that Saddam Hussein sought significant quantities of uranium yellowcake from Africa. The husband was the former chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Iraq and had previously investigated the uranium allegations at the behest of the CIA.
In response to the column, however, the conservative columnist Robert Novak revealed Plame Wilson's identity, writing that it was the wife's idea to have sent her husband to Niger to investigate Iraq's alleged uranium purchases.
According to a grand jury investigation in Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff – I. Lewis Libby – Richard Armitage, Karl Rove, and Libby leaked Plame Wilson's identity to members of the press. President Bush commuted Libby's 30-month sentence following his conviction of obstruction of justice, perjury and making false statements
To assist in Libby's prosecution, the government officially disclosed that Plame Wilson worked for the CIA from at least 2002.
See Also:
A federal appeals court has upheld an award of $250,000 in punitive damages against Pan Am Railways after a lower court found that the railroad illegally retaliated against an employee for reporting a safety hazard and injury at the company's Waterville rail yard.
The ruling by the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston upholds the finding of an administrative law judge after a conductor, Jason Raye, told supervisors about a pile of old railroad ties next to a track in the yard in Waterville in 2011. A couple of weeks later, Raye stepped off his train onto the pile of ties and sprained his ankle.
Raye missed a day of work because of the sprain, and that required Pan Am to report the injury to the Federal Railroad Administration.
The railroad called Raye to a disciplinary hearing because, the company said, Pan Am's safety rules require workers to carefully assess conditions and make sure their footing will be firm before getting on or off a train. At the hearing, Raye said he stepped cautiously from the train, but lost his balance and sat down on the ground to avoid falling. Still, Pan Am determined that Raye failed to follow its safety rules and gave him a formal reprimand, which was entered into his employment file.
Raye got a lawyer, who filed a complaint with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, but that complaint said Raye fell hard to the ground after stepping on the ties. He had told supervisors in the company hearing that he sat down after spraining his ankle to avoid a fall.
Pan Am called those two different statements a “major discrepancy” in Raye's account of the injury and brought another set of disciplinary charges against him, threatening him with firing for providing “false statements” about the injury.
Raye's lawyer contended that what Pan Am was really doing was retaliating against the employee for filing the OSHA complaint.
Pan Am ultimately took no further action against Raye, but an OSHA panel said that Pan Am was retaliating against Raye with the disciplinary charges, and that led to a hearing before an administrative law judge, who agreed that Raye was being retaliated against. The judge awarded Raye $10,000 for emotional distress and $250,000 in punitive damages, finding that Pan Am used disciplinary hearings to intimidate and discourage Ray and other employees from reporting safety hazards and injuries.
Pan Am appealed the ruling to a Labor Department board and then to the appeals court, which last week sided with the administrative law judge and the board and refused to review the findings.
The appeals court said there was “substantial evidence” to support the administrative law judge's conclusion that Pan Am “overstated the significance of the discrepancy” in Raye's accounts of the injury and that Pan Am appeared to have “a corporate culture more focused on retaliation than on safety.” In fact, the judge had found that 99 percent of the injuries to Pan Am employees that required a report to the railway administration led to the company filing disciplinary charges against the worker.
While awarding $250,000 in punitive damages “seems high,” the appeals court said, it also deferred to the administrative judge's discretion in setting the amount.
Calls to Pan Am's lawyer and the federal Department of Labor, which defended the findings of the administrative law judge and the department board, were not returned Monday.
Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at:
[email protected]
Share
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- There has been so much talk about whether DeMarco Murray or Derrick Henry should be the Tennessee Titans' feature back, and Monday night confirmed the team's decision. They're choosing both.
Henry's 72-yard fourth-quarter touchdown run made him the big victor of the day in terms of backfield share and fantasy football points, but both running backs were happy after the game. That's because the Titans found a way to feed them both. Henry had 147 total yards, 1 touchdown and 20 touches in 40 of the Titans' 70 offensive reps. Murray had 87 total yards, 1 touchdown and 16 touches in his 38 snaps.
"I'd say that's a pretty good model of what we're looking for," Titans coach Mike Mularkey said Tuesday. "It's a good combination, and it's tough to defend."
Derrick Henry has taken on a closer role for the Titans. AP Photo/Mark Zaleski
It's the second time this season Henry has outsnapped Murray, but if the rotation goes how the Titans plan, it won't be the last. Mularkey is truly embracing a running back-by-committee system, with Murray starting, both backs rotating throughout the game, Murray dominating obvious passing downs and getting more targets as a receiver, and Henry being the primary closer in the fourth quarter.
"I really like how it's played out with the percentages," Mularkey said, confirming Henry has established himself as the "go-to" fourth quarter running back. "The first guy down to congratulate [Henry] on the touchdown was DeMarco Murray."
Henry's physical, punishing running style has made him like a speedy wrecking ball to tired defenses. He's the perfect example of a back getting better as the game goes on. Just look at his yards-per-carry average per quarter:
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
First quarter: 1.2
Second quarter: 3.4
Third quarter: 5.3
Fourth quarter: 7.8
Henry has 195 rushing yards on 25 carries in the fourth quarter. He has 37 carries for 123 yards combined over the first three quarters. Another note: 64 percent of Henry's 318 rushing yards have come after contact.
So expect Henry to play this role throughout the rest of the season, particularly when the Titans are winning.
What does that mean for Murray? He'll still be a big part of the offense and will often lead them in yards. He just won't monopolize the workload as he did in 2016 when he had nearly a 3-to-1 share on Henry in touches and snaps.
In 2017, Murray has 68 carries for 313 yards and 2 touchdowns, plus 86 receiving yards. Henry has 62 carries for 318 yards and 2 touchdowns, along with 14 receiving yards. Looks like a timeshare to me.
Murray is still the better receiving and pass-blocking back, and he has a gap awareness and quickness advantage over Henry. He'll also get a heavier share when the Titans are losing or need a spark, as we saw in losses to the Texans and Dolphins.
The Titans have the NFL's sixth-ranked rushing offense, and they still haven't found the consistency in that area like last season, meaning there's still potential for growth. Offensive coordinator Terry Robiskie has shown a discipline to stick with the run even when it's not working early, like Monday night against the Colts.
"We didn't know when and where it was going to kick in, but we were going to run it until it did," Mularkey said.
That's good news for Murray and Henry going forward.
The majority of U.S. states elect their judges (these 33 are holding elections this year), and the judicial system, meant to be the most impartial branch of our government, has not been immune to the influx of cash into political campaigns. A series of recent Supreme Court rulings striking down campaign finance laws has paved the way for corporate interests, political parties and activists to influence judicial campaigns. When the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against precedent on Citizens United v. Federal Elections Commission (2010), Justice John Paul Stevens included a warning in his dissenting opinion.
“…the consequences of today's holding will not be limited to the legislative or executive context. The majority of the States select their judges through popular elections. At a time when concerns about the conduct of judicial elections have reached a fever pitch […] the Court today unleashes the floodgates of corporate and union general treasury spending in these races […] This will be small comfort to those States that, after today, may no longer have the ability to place modest limits on corporate electioneering even if they believe such limits to be critical to maintaining the integrity of their judicial systems.”
Over the last few years, Iowa, Florida, North Carolina and Michigan have all become battlegrounds in the fight to maintain impartial, nonpartisan courts.
In Iowa, in the wake of the state Supreme Court's unanimous ruling in 2009 to recognize same-sex marriage, three of the state's justices were unseated in 2010 retention elections. This year, a fourth justice, David Wiggins, is up for retention. A group called Iowans for Freedom, run by Conservative activist Bob Vander Plaats, is attempting to unseat him with the help of some influential conservatives, including Rick Santorum and Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal. In September, The New York Times editorial board called the vote in Iowa “a battle over the future of a fair and independent judiciary.”
Wiggins chose not to run a campaign to defend himself, and explained his decision in an op-ed in the Des Moines Register:
“Campaigns are political. They require candidates to count votes and appeal to donors. That system has created a big enough mess in Congress. It has no business in the courts. Judges should be beholden only to the constitution and the law. They should not please donors or appease potential critics. I do not want Iowa to end up like states with highly partisan courts. Iowa is better than that.”
In Florida, three state Supreme Court justices are up for retention, and a group called Restore Justice 2012 is trying to have them thrown out with help from the Koch brothers' super PAC Americans for Prosperity. The conservative group targeted the justices because they were part of a five-vote majority ruling that prevented a misleadingly-worded constitutional amendment from being placed on the ballot in 2010. Conservatives hoped that, if passed, the amendment would have allowed Florida to opt-out of Obamacare. If Restore Justice is successful, it will be the first time in over 40 years that a Florida Supreme Court justice has been removed.
Unlike Justice Wiggins in Iowa, the Florida justices are fighting back. The New York Times editorial board writes:
“The three Florida justices are mounting active campaigns. They have raised about $1 million collectively, a reluctant but realistic concession to the need to fight back. Even so, and despite the support of 23 past presidents of the Florida Bar Association, the fire and police unions, and some prominent state Democrats, their retention is by no means assured. “What is absolutely certain is the damaging message of intimidation that would flow from their removal.”
North Carolina was the first state to have voluntary public financing for judicial campaigns, and this year, for the first time, all candidates have opted in to that system. But the race has also spawned the first judicial campaign super PAC, directed by the state's former Republican Party chair. Though the candidates have chosen to limit their own campaigns to the $240,100 the state provides, the super PAC is throwing its weight around to benefit a conservative incumbent, Justice Paul Newby, who has opposed allowing same-sex couples to adopt, and gives conservatives a 4-3 advantage over liberals on the North Carolina Supreme Court.
More money has been spent on judicial campaigns in Michigan than anywhere else. Candidates spent $2.6 million in 2010 — $11.4 million was spent on the campaigns including outside spending. This election, nominees have raised $2.26 million.
Other states have also been burdened with a partisan judiciary. An August report from the Center for American Progress outlines specific examples from Alabama, Texas, Ohio, Nevada, Wisconsin and Michigan. The report's introduction tells this story from West Virginia:
A party to a lawsuit in West Virginia repeatedly asked a state supreme court justice to recuse himself after an executive with the opposing party, a coal company, spent more than $3 million through an independent entity to support the judge's election. The judge refused and cast the deciding vote overturning a $50 million verdict against the coal company. In 2009 the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the judge should have recused himself. The court noted that the executive's contribution was three times more than the spending by the justice's own campaign.
This West Virginia case, Caperton v. Massey, demonstrated coal giant Massey Energy's power to obstruct justice. The court ruled on it a year before it ruled on Citizens United. In the Opinion of the Court, Justice Kennedy quoted an opinion he wrote for a 2002 decision, Republican Party of Minn. v. White.
“Courts, in our system, elaborate principles of law in the course of resolving disputes. The power and the prerogative of a court to perform this function rest, in the end, upon the respect accorded to its judgments. The citizen's respect for judgments depends in turn upon the issuing court's absolute probity. Judicial in­tegrity is, in consequence, a state interest of the highest order.”
But in the wake of Citizens United, what Justice Kennedy describes as the state court's “probity” (honesty and decency) and “judicial integrity” could be up for grabs to whoever raises the most money.
The accounts from Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak to his superiors, intercepted by U.S. spy agencies, contradict public assertions by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Post's Greg Miller explains. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Attorney General Jeff Sessions's bad week just got worse. And while his new problems would appear to threaten his job, they also put President Trump in a box when it comes to his apparent desire to be rid of Sessions.
The Washington Post is reporting that Russia's ambassador has said he and Sessions discussed the 2016 campaign during two meetings last year. That is contrary to multiple public comments made by Sessions in March, when he recused himself from oversight of the Russia investigation.
Adam Entous, Ellen Nakashima and Greg Miller report that Ambassador Sergey Kislyak's accounts of those meetings were intercepted by U.S. intelligence and that in them he suggested that the two men spoke substantively about campaign issues. Yet Sessions said March 1 that he “never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign,” and the following day, while announcing his recusal, he said it again: “I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign.”
This is now the second time that Sessions's accounts of his meetings with Russians have been seriously called into question. During his confirmation hearings this year, he denied having met with any Russians during the campaign. When the Kislyak meetings came to light, he clarified that he thought the exchange was in the context of the campaign only. He then quickly recused himself.
That flub was highlighted this week by none other than Trump. In a New York Times interview, Trump openly suggested that he wouldn't have nominated Sessions in the first place had he known he would recuse himself. Then Trump turned to Sessions's “bad answers” at his confirmation hearings:
TRUMP: So Jeff Sessions, Jeff Sessions gave some bad answers. MAGGIE HABERMAN: You mean at the hearing? TRUMP: Yeah, he gave some answers that were simple questions and should have been simple answers, but they weren't.
If Trump does want to get rid of Sessions, it would seem that more of Sessions's “bad answers” about his meetings with Kislyak are on the table to justify it. The problem for Trump is that using that justification would also lend credence to the idea that there was something untoward about those meetings. Trump has repeatedly suggested that the entire Russia investigation is a “hoax” and a “witch hunt,” so the idea that he's suddenly that concerned about Sessions's Russia contacts would be difficult to reconcile.
It would also be difficult to square with other top Trump allies and family members who have failed to acknowledge or be transparent about their meetings with Russians. How could Trump take issue with Sessions's failures to correctly characterize his meetings with Russians but not with Donald Trump Jr., whose meeting seeking opposition research about Hillary Clinton allegedly from the Russian government came to light this month? And then what about Jared Kushner's meetings, which include that one, a meeting with Kislyak and a meeting with the head of a Russian state-owned bank. None of them were disclosed on his security clearance form when he joined the White House. Trump would need to explain why Sessions's failures were bad and his son's and son-in-law's weren't.
But Trump nonetheless seemed to get the ball rolling on that front in his New York Times interview. And given that more of Sessions's comments have come into question now, we'll see whether Trump keeps using that as justification for continuing to undermine one of his earliest supporters and top Cabinet officials.
Microsoft has finally announced Windows 8.1 Update 1, which is set to be arriving this Spring for all Windows 8.1 and Windows RT 8.1 devices. Update 1 is set to improve the operating system for mice and keyboard users, whilst improving the underside of the operating system to allow it to run end hardware.
Microsoft has clarified that with Windows 8.1 Update 1, changes to mice and keyboard users does ‘not' degrade the touch experience. In fact, they still ‘love' touch within Windows. Update 1 is set to include a new context UI menu for the Start Screen, Power and Search buttons on the Start Screen, familiar window controls for Modern UI apps, and easier multitasking between Modern and Desktop applications with the taskbar.
Under the hood changes include reduced hardware requirements, meaning the operating system can now run on hardware with as low as 1GB RAM and 16GB storage. This is a great change as it allows for a whole new load of devices running Windows 8.1 to be sold.
Windows 8.1 Update 1 is set to arrive this Spring, and we fully expect Microsoft to talk more/release the update during its annual BUILD developer conference, which takes place this April. Check back at WinBeta.org for more news regarding Microsoft and Windows 8.1!
Image via The Verge
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Apple had a semi-blowout quarter — though, really, the story is about what's happening in the next quarter — sending the stock to an all-time high.
The big jump means Apple is now a company worth more than $800 billion. It seemed not too long ago that Google might have a fair shot at being a bigger company than Apple when it comes to its market cap, but now Apple is on a steady march upwards. And that continued march means the company may be a $1 trillion company before too long.
Apple's report, where it signaled a big fourth quarter with its guidance, sent shares up more than 5 percent in extended trading. On the year, Apple shares are steadily climbing. Shares had risen nearly 30 percent this year prior to this earnings release. This crescendo seems to be building up to the moment when Apple breaks ground as a $1 trillion company as the next quarter will more or less make or break the company, deciding whether or not it continues to be a huge growth story.
Apple is expecting to unveil a radically new iPhone that will look to unlock as much user demand as the release of the iPhone 6 when it increased the size of its phones. In the bull case for Apple, it may unlock even more. There are a lot of positive signals across Apple's portfolio of products, like the iPad growing year-over-year or strong growth in its services. But the iPhone is, and for the foreseeable future will be, Apple's biggest growth driver — and all eyes are on the fourth quarter this year.
Today's big performance is building a lot of good will for the company as anticipation grows for the next quarter and the first look at the next iPhone. Apple has had to contend with a lot of leaks of details of the next iPhone. That has seemingly tempered demand for its existing phones, which means its core growth engine is stalling. If Apple can deliver — and that wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility — we may end up seeing the company somehow drive past the $1 trillion mark in the next year.
To be sure, $1 trillion is probably a ways away. Apple's shares are up 30 percent on the year, but it'll still require a significant climb if the company is going to cross that semi-vanity mark. But if Apple can deliver — and that wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility — we may end up seeing the company find itself adding that extra zero to its market cap.
BALTIMORE – A Baltimore police sergeant informed his Eastern District superiors Friday afternoon that officers "are now being challenged on the street." The sergeant sent the letter following the announcement that State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby was indicting six officers on felony charges associated with the death of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old who suffered a fatal spinal injury while in Baltimore police custody on April 12.
The letter, provided to BuzzFeed News from an anonymous source, warned of heightening tensions between police and residents on a day when many locals have taken to the streets to celebrate.
Sgt. Lennardo Bailey told the "Eastern Command Staff" [sic'd]:
"I have been to five calls today and three of those five calls for service; I have been challenged to a fight. Some of them I blew off but one of them almost got ugly. I don't want anybody to say that I did not tell them what is going on. This is no intel this is really what's going on the street. This is my formal notification. It is about to get ugly."
BuzzFeed News has also learned that the Baltimore Police Department's chief of patrol sent out a text message to all commanders ordering officers to take added caution: "2 OFFICERS PER CAR.. DOUBLE UP ALL PATROL CARS," the order read.
Former Democratic presidential nominee Bernie Sanders will be returning to Arizona to speak at the Mesa Amphitheatre on April 21, according to the Democratic National Committee.
Sanders is holding a rally with DNC chairman Tom Perez in Mesa to meet with Democrats and "talk about how we're building a stronger, grassroots Democratic Party that can take on Trump, fight for our values, and win elections."
Sanders is touring the nation as a part of a "Come Together and Fight Back" tour that's designed to create a stronger Democratic party in the wake of last year's losses to Republicans.
Sanders and Perez will tout the party's goal of raising the minimum wage to $15 and hour, bringing wage equality to women and boosting infrastructure spending.
The rally will start at 7 p.m. and doors will open at 5:30 p.m.
The event is free and open to the public. Those interested in going can RSVP online .
Organizers say admission is first come, first served.
The Korean war fan (mubuchae; Hangul: 무부채) was a Korean martial arts weapon that originated in the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. Swords and similar weapons were banned from most people during this time which created a desire for weapons that could be held in plain sight without arousing suspicion. They became most popular among the chungin (middle class) and yangban (upper class).
Craftsmen discovered a way of taking the "pak dahl" wood, an extremely resilient birch tree that thrived in the ice storms and harsh seasons of Korea's mountainous peninsula, and tempering it to a hardness that could resist the edged weapons typical of the era.
Variations [ edit ]
Following traditions of traditional weaponry, Korean war fans were often unique to their wielder and bore many possible combinations.
Some wove flexible metal ribbons along the outer most edge for cutting power or preferred feathers that hid finger-sized razor blades which would rake upon striking. Others held variations of poisons or were used to conceal other weapons such as throwing blades which could be released in a spread upon snapping the fan open, a technique a few Kook Sool Won (Guksulwon) artists are said to practice.
Poison fans often hid deadly or stunning concoctions in bladders or channels which would open upon spreading the fan, allowing the user to gently direct a gust of irritants and toxins at their opponent over short distances.
Folklore and hearsay also suggests occasional traveling merchants trading with China possessed fans with small compartments in the vanes of the fan which held small explosive pellets that upon striking a surface would create a bright and dazzling flash of light, similar in concept to modern Chinese novelty fireworks.
See also [ edit ]
After a night that saw B.J. Upton be the hero of the game and Run D.M.C keep the party going, the Braves beat the Nationals in a less dramatic fashion by a final count of 6-3. The Braves are now 7-3 against the Nationals, have now won 34 games and have won 18 games at home. Pretty impressive if you ask me.
The Braves got it started in the first when Ramiro Pena launched a home run to give the Braves a 2-0 lead. The way he's been playing as of late, it'd be really hard for him to not play more often than he does now. He's had great at bats and has been a great infielder for the Braves at almost any position they put him in.
B.J. Upton continues to slowly, but hopefully surely, get better at the plate. After hitting the game winner last night, he followed that up with a solo shot to give the Braves a 3-2 lead. One might think last night would be the turning point for this abysmal season he's had so far. But again, only time will tell.
Speaking of great performances, Paul Maholm shined bright again today. Maholm has been an outstanding pitcher at home and he proved his point again today. Today he went six innings of five-hit, three-run (two earned), no walks and four strike outs. This was a much-needed bounce back game considering he wasn't at his best in Toronto.
Craig Kimbrel was, well, Craig Kimbrel again.
The one thing I take away from this game that was a negative would be the RISP stat today. The Braves were 2-10 with runners in scoring position–not exactly something you hang your hat on. For the series, the Braves were 4-19 with RISP–again, not something you hang your hat on. Hopefully this stat will change when the Braves welcome in Pittsburgh Monday.
Follow Brad Stiene on Twitter @bs_kysco1
The Department of Human Services has rejected speculation that Centrelink's automated systems generate incorrect assessments of past income and welfare entitlements in 90% of cases, as further serious claims emerge from the agency's staff.
The new statement is naively headlined “Let's talk about facts” — ignoring the important context that it's hard for anyone to know what to believe out of the mix of anonymous claims from staff, the union's ongoing campaign regarding working conditions and staffing levels at DHS, the online #notmydebt campaign, flat-out denials and semantic arguments from the department, and of course opinions in the media.
Today, the nation's best-known departmental spokesperson Hank Jongen rejects a guesstimate from The Age economics editor Peter Martin that the rate of mistakes in the initial letters could be 90% or more, and continues to quibble about the use of terms like “mistake” and “error” to describe cases that don't result in a debt.
According to Jongen:
“This is a figure plucked out of the air that doesn't serve the public discussion well. It's absolutely wrong and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the system. “When people log on, they are being presented an opportunity to review information and advise whether they agree or would like to provide further detail. No assessment is made before then.”
The department's latest statement also rejects the idea that there is a 20% “error rate” in the system and repeats the government's line that the initial letters are not debt letters but requests for information that welfare recipients are bound by law to provide:
“We then use this to make an assessment about whether people have received the right entitlement. “In 20% of cases, people update their details and it results in them not owing money. That doesn't mean the letter was sent in error. It just means we've received up to date information and the matter is now resolved. “We have confidence in the system and how it is helping us conduct compliance activity more efficiently.”
Jongen's latest missive doesn't address one key complaint that is also at the root of Martin's speculation — that the online form only asks customers to confirm their earnings across an entire financial year before averaging that across the 26 fortnights, leading to incorrect results and a tendency to assume overpayments have occurred.
Martin also bases his pessimistic assessment on questions that DHS has failed to answer about what proportion of people using the online system are told they were probably overpaid in their initial assessment, and how many have objected to that calculation.
The union, meanwhile, has found plenty more Centrelink staff ready to tell the public what they really think about the online compliance activity, as well as issues like rising customer aggression, reductions in staffing levels and the growth of casual and non-ongoing positions.
A new list of anonymous statements variously blame senior management and pour scorn on the agency's repeated claims that customers can get all the help they need, including over the phone, and have plenty of time to respond to the letters.
Among the complaints is one describing the issue that Martin refers to: it says the online form only asks customers to confirm they earned a certain amount from a certain employer across an entire financial year, but doesn't allow them to explain how much they earned in particular fortnights:
“What it didn't ask was ‘did you earn xx from them during these two dates'. There is also nowhere a customer can even check what they have reported.”
One statement says there have been more than 200 freedom of information requests related to the online compliance initiative, another says staff are unable to keep up with “record numbers” of appeals and a third claims:
“I can verify that while there are issues – none of them have occurred through ICT technical fault. This system works as 100% to specification. This whole debacle is stemming from bad policy not our Online Compliance System.”
The Victorian government's Legal Aid centre has asked the federal government to suspend the initiative and says it has resulted in many Victorian residents receiving “inaccurate debt notices” from Centrelink.
“We are calling on the government to suspend the system until it can comply with legal requirements, principles of good governance and decision-making, and fairness,” said acting executive director of civil justice, access and equity Joel Townsend in a statement today.
Where can you mow down a cyclist, send him to the ICU for four days—and then demand thousands in damages for your troubles?
Right here in the U.S. of A., of course.
Kionnei Lyons, a 25-year-old fashion photographer, was behind the wheel of a dark gray Infiniti sedan when she accidentally struck artist John Roemer as he was pedaling along a New York City street in Williamsburg on May 14 at around 6 p.m. “I just got slammed from behind, and I didn't know she was even close to me,” Roemer, 27, tells us in a phone interview.
Taken at the crash scene in New York City, where artist John Roemer was launched from his bike after being struck by a car driven by Kionnei Lyons.
Roemer says he dodged certain death by rolling to the shoulder of the Brooklyn street, while his bike was dragged at least 30 feet. “I fell to the side, and the bike and the car kept going,” he says. “She had to stop because the steel frame was dragging.”
Roemer, who does installation paintings, says Lyons got out of the car and asked him if he was alright. “'What happened?''” he remembers her asking. “Are you OK?”
Roemer rested on the curb until a New York Police Department squad car arrived. So did Lyons' boyfriend, who turned up after the police responded. Roemer says, “He was like, ‘What happened to my car?'”
The two of them stopped talking to Roemer after that, he says. To this day, he's unclear how the accident happened. The cyclist suffered multiple fractures in his pelvis and was hospitalized in the ICU for three days. He says he's still on the mend. “It's not just the pain from the broken bones but the muscles in my leg and aches. There could be some nerve damage.”
Roemer says Lyons' insurer reimbursed him for his totaled bike and his hospital bills—but now he may have to come up with $2,000 to pay Lyons back after she filed a small claims lawsuit three weeks ago. “It's like, do you not get it?” Roemer says. “I don't have $2,000.”
Artist John Roemer suffered multiple fractures in his pelvis after he was riding his bike in Brooklyn and was struck from behind by fashion photographer Kionnei Lyons. Instagram
But Lyons says the accident wasn't her fault. “There was no bike lane,” she tells us. “There was a large truck that caused us to merge.” She's upset about her car. “The car was not able to drive away at all,” she says.
Roemer says that's untrue. Once the cops came and left, Roemer says he watched Lyons and her boyfriend drive off. “The inside of her wheel was kind of messed up, but afterwards the car drove away,” he says. “It was just like some cosmetic damage.”
Lyons wants compensation. “I got zero, zip dollars, and he got paid a lot of money,” she says. “All I'm doing is taking him to court for my car damages. …I need to get paid for my car damages.”
Roemer's lawyer, Daniel Flanzig, says he plans to get the small claims suit tossed. “This is somebody who doesn't take responsibility for her actions,” he tells us. “There was zero responsibility on John's part in causing this crash. I have no idea what's in this woman's head.”
What do the historical methods that we apply to other historical figures in antiquity tell us about Jesus? Scholars disagree on many details, but I will start where most scholars agree before offering some more debated options. (Starting with areas of scholarly agreement is not meant to claim that we scholars are always right, but blog posts must be more concise than books. Fuller documentation appears in my 800-page "Historical Jesus of the Gospels.")
First, the vast majority of specialists, whatever their religious perspectives (e.g., Jewish, agnostic, Christian) agree that Jesus existed. Those who doubt that this is the predominant view have not read widely in the academic literature on the subject. Popular writers sometimes compare Jesus instead with mythical figures who lived centuries before the sources that speak of them. Yet most of what we know about Jesus comes from documents written only a generation after his ministry -- that is, in the same time frame in which the most reliable ancient biographies were written about historical figures. Scholars diverge on how reliable the details in these sources were, but very few accept the idea that Jesus' existence grew up as a myth within one generation. No movement in the Roman Empire had incentive to fabricate its origins in a founder executed for treason. (If one wished to commit suicide, there were simpler ways to do it.)
Most scholars also accept some other claims about Jesus that seem pervasive in the early sources. First, Jesus embraced the socially marginalized. Although at least some of the Gospels address a more mainstream clientele, they preserve reports about Jesus focusing on the sick, the poor, children, as well as groups that polite society considered immoral, such as tax collectors (probably viewed as collaborators with the occupying empire) and those broadly designated "sinners." One might expect someone with political ambition to cultivate instead the favor of elites, yet the Gospels frequently portray Jesus in conflict with groups more respected in his society. They depict his execution as engineered by elite aristocrats and carried out by a corrupt governor -- a pattern that fits the social reality of much of the first-century Mediterranean world.
Second, virtually all extant ancient sources about Jesus, including those authored by critics of his movement, portray him as a healer. Most scholars about Jesus, again across the ideological spectrum, believe that his contemporaries experienced him as a healer. Scholars differ in their understanding of how he healed: some, for example, appeal to the placebo effect or coincidence, others to the curing of psychogenic disorders, and others (especially many Christians) cite supernatural activity. Although the explanations offered differ, the portrait of Jesus as healer fits his reported concern, noted above, for the marginalized and needy.
Third, scholars frequently see Jesus as leading a restoration movement. Our earliest sources, including a letter contemporary with the group, mention a group of 12 special leaders. From the contemporary Dead Sea Scrolls, it appears that a movement working for the renewal and restoration of Israel might indicate this mission in part by having a group of 12 leaders. The first-century Jewish historian Josephus presents both John the Baptist and Jesus in ways that fit this expectation. Many scholars also believe that Jesus' challenge to Jerusalem's elite, epitomized in overturning tables in the temple, fits some contemporary Jewish expectations about the restoration of the temple.
Fourth, Jesus's teaching about God's "kingdom," or "reign," is so pervasive in the earliest sources that most scholars believe that this was a central issue in Jesus's teaching. Scholars often differ as to whether Jesus believed that the kingdom was already present in his ministry, was about to come, or both. In any case, this theme helps explain the urgency of his mission in renewing Israel. Again, however, instead of seeking to establish or invite God's reign in political or military ways, as at least some of his contemporaries did, Jesus focused on the socially powerless. His reported teachings about nonviolence and absolute dependence on the Father cohere with his own behavior in accounts about his death.
My following suggestions are more debated. First, if Jesus led a movement involving the kingdom, he probably expected to play a significant role in that kingdom. After all, the 12 leaders were his own disciples. Nearly all scholars agree that the Roman governor executed Jesus on the charge of sedition, as one who sought to be king; moreover, Jesus's disciples also came to believe that he was a king (the Messiah). No circles of early Christianity known to us explicitly repudiated that idea. Did the governor get the idea from Jesus' disciples? Did they get the idea from the governor? Or do the dots connect through Jesus, perhaps late in his public ministry? Interestingly, the early 20th-century scholar who popularized the view that Jesus did not believe himself Messiah later reconsidered it.
Second, if Jesus publicly challenged the elite, spoke about a present or imminent kingdom, and yet refused to resort to violence, he probably expected to die. Many scholars have doubted that Jesus predicted his death, suggesting that it was an unexpected tragedy. Perhaps a popular leader from mostly rural Galilee failed to anticipate the kind of political power he would be facing in Jerusalem. Yet Judaism already had a strong tradition of martyrs. Further, Galileans regularly traveled to Jerusalem for festivals, and the power of the elite there was well known. Indeed, many diverse Jewish voices from the period -- Pharisees, the Dead Sea Scrolls, Josephus and others -- criticize some members of the elite priestly families for alleged abuse of power.
Brazilian Civil Rights Framework for the Internet (in Portuguese: Marco Civil da Internet, officially Law No 12.965) is the law that governs the use of the Internet in Brazil, through forecasting principles, guarantees, rights and duties to those who use the network as well as the determination of guidelines for state action.
The draft bill was approved by the Brazilian Congress Câmara dos Deputados on March 25, 2014 and was submitted to the Senado Federal.[1] The Marco Civil was approved by the Senado Federal on April 22, 2014[2] and sanctioned by president Dilma Rousseff on April 23, 2014, at the Global Multistakeholder Meeting on the Future of Internet Governance.[3]
History [ edit ]
The project was created by means of a partnership between the Ministry of Justice Ministério da Justiça and the Center for Technology and Society of the Law School at the Fundação Getulio Vargas, at the time directed by professor Ronaldo Lemos. Both institutions launched on October 29, 2009 the first draft phase of a collaborative process to build the draft for the Marco Civil. The Marco Civil is aimed at protecting privacy rights, net neutrality, safe-harbors for internet service providers and online service providers, open government, and setting forth that access to the internet is a requisite to the exercise for civic rights.
The first round of the draft took place between October 29 and December 17, 2009. More than 800 substantive contributions were received, including comments, e-mails, alternative drafts and references. The conception of the Marco Civil was originally created by professor Ronaldo Lemos, in an article published on May 22, 2007.[4]
Following the first round of discussions, the draft was published for public comments, throughout a collaborative process. The debates of the second phase took place between April 8 and May 30, 2010.
On August 24, 2011,[5] the draft bill was not only approved by the Executive Government in Brazil through the Brazilian Presidency, but also sent to Congress by President Dilma Rousseff, with the support of four other Ministries (Justice, Science & Technology, Planning, and Communications). In Congress, the draft bill was received and processed under docket number 2126/2011.
The Marco Civil was described by the then Ministry of Justice, Luiz Paulo Barreto as "The Constitution of the Internet"[6] in Brazil.
The project was scheduled to be voted on several times in November 2012.
An English/Portuguese translation, with changes marked in the Portuguese, was published circa November 18, 2013.[7]
As a reaction to the allegations of NSA monitoring Brazil's telecoms networks, passing the Marco Civil (which is often called "The Internet Constitution" in Brazil) has become a priority reaction for the Brazilian Government,[8] as affirmed by President Dilma Rousseff during her speech to the 68th Session of the United Nations General Assembly, on September 24, 2013.[9]
A unofficial translation into English was made available by Paulo Rená in March 2014.[10]
Controversy [ edit ]
The Marco Civil project did not avoid controversy. Federal Police and State Prosecutors say the bill is unconstitutional and several jurists questioned its applicability.[11]
In exchange for guaranteed civil rights, some other civil rights were taken away. Specifically, the Marco Civil mandated telecommunications data retention for one year – but with some safeguards against access by other than law enforcement in proper procedure.[12]
Adding to the controversy, in December 2015 a clause in Marco Civil was used to block WhatsApp in Brazilian territory.[13] The decision to overrule the WhatsApp ban was not based on Marco Civil and it is claimed the new legislation did little to protect users against state censorship.[14]
English Version of the approved Marco Civil [ edit ]
The approved law was translated into English by Carolina Rossini and distributed to all participants of the Global Multistakeholder Meeting on the Future of Internet Governance. This final version of April 2014 is available at publicknowledge.org.
The Chamber of Deputies has also made an English translation available.
References [ edit ]
“One in six cancers caused by preventable infections,” the Daily Mail reported today. The story comes from a study estimating that, of 12.7 million new cases of cancer that occurred worldwide in 2008, about 2 million were caused by infectious diseases.
The infections that cause cancer include Helicobacter pylori (the bacteria that cause stomach ulcers), hepatitis B and C (viruses that cause inflammation of the liver) and human papilloma viruses (sexually transmitted viruses that cause several cancers, notably cervical cancer in women). In women, cancers of the cervix were estimated to account for about half of infection-related cancers and in men, liver and gastric cancers accounted for more than 80%.
This important study suggests that certain treatable infections are a significant cause of cancer worldwide. It implies that tackling these infections (particularly in developing countries) may be a more effective way to reduce the number of global cancer deaths than focusing on treatment for the cancers.
It is of note that the proportion of cancers attributable to infection varied widely according to region, for example, in Europe 7% of cancers were attributed to infection while in sub-Saharan Africa this figure was 32.7%. It should also be noted that the calculations used by the researchers to identify the scale of cancer attributable to infections might be imprecise, partly due to the scarcity of cancer incidence data in some countries.
In the UK, infections such as H. pylori can be treated with antibiotics, vaccination against human papilloma virus (HPV) is offered by the NHS for girls aged 12 and 13, and a vaccine for people considered to be at high risk of hepatitis B is available.
While infections play a role in the development of several cancers, it is important to remember that there are many risk factors that affect how likely you are to develop cancer. These include smoking, diet and family history.
Where did the story come from?
The study was carried out by researchers from the International Agency for Research on Cancer, France. It was funded by Fondation Innovations en Infectiologie (FINOVI) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
The study was published in the peer-reviewed medical journal The Lancet Oncology.
Generally, the media reported the story accurately, although headlines focused on the more alarming global figure of one in six cancers caused by infection than the estimated UK figure of 3.1% (just over one in 30).
What kind of research was this?
This was a narrative review in which the researchers estimated the proportion of cancers that could be attributed to infection, both worldwide and within eight geographical regions.
The authors point out that infection is recognised as a major cause of cancer worldwide and that prevention and treatment of infectious agents has already had a substantial effect on cancer prevention. Their review is an update of a previous review carried out in 2002.
What did the research involve?
The researchers reviewed the infectious agents that have been classified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer as causing cancer in humans and the cancer sites with which they are associated. There are thought to be 10 infections that can cause cancer, including:
H. pylori (stomach)
hepatitis B and C (liver)
HPV (cervix, penis and other sites)
Epstein-Barr virus (lymphomas and nose/throat)
human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I (T-cell leukaemia and lymphoma)
human herpes virus type 8 (Kaposi's sarcoma)
Chinese and South Asian liver flukes (gall bladder and bile duct)
Schistosoma trematode worms (bladder)
The researchers obtained estimates of the number of new cancer cases in 2008 using statistics from an established source, the Globocan 2008 report, which provides age-specific and sex-specific incidence for 27 cancers in 184 countries.
For each of these cancers, they calculated the “population attributable fraction (PAF)”. PAF is an estimate of the proportion of cases of a disease that could theoretically be avoided, either by protection against or treatment of a specific risk factor. For example, H. pylori can be treated with antibiotics before it leads to stomach cancer. PAF uses a formula that combines the size of the effect of a risk factor with the distribution of that risk within a population. The researchers used various sources to calculate the PAF, including studies on risk factors associated with these cancers and the prevalence of infection.
Using the PAF they calculated the number of new cancer cases attributable to infection in 2008 worldwide and in eight geographical regions:
sub-Saharan Africa
North Africa and West Asia
Central Asia
East Asia
South America
North America
Europe
Oceania
What were the basic results?
Researchers found that, of the 12.7 million new cancer cases that occurred in 2008, the population attributable fraction (PAF) for infectious agents was 16.1%, meaning that around 2 million new cancer cases were attributable to infections. This is the one in six figures quoted in the media.
This fraction was higher in less developed countries (22.9%) than in more developed countries (7.4%), and varied from 4% in North America to 32.7% in sub-Saharan Africa.
Helicobacter pylori, hepatitis B and C viruses, and human papilloma viruses (HPV) were responsible for 1.9 million cases of cancer, mainly gastric, liver and cervical cancers.
In women, cervical cancer accounted for about half of the infection-related burden of cancer. In men, liver and gastric cancers accounted for more than 80%.
Around 30% of infection-attributable cases occurred in people younger than 50 years.
How did the researchers interpret the results?
The researchers say that since infection-related cancers have high mortality rates, the proportion of cancer deaths attributed to infections is probably higher than 16.1%. They estimate that of the 7.5 million deaths from cancer in 2008, 1.5 million were caused by infections – roughly one in five cancer deaths worldwide.
Public health measures to prevent infections, such as vaccination, safer injection practice or antimicrobial treatments, could substantially reduce future burden of cancer worldwide, the researchers argue.
Conclusion
This important study highlights the potential role played by certain infections in causing cancer. It uses the highest quality available evidence to calculate the proportion of cancer caused by infectious agents, worldwide and by region.
However, as the authors point out, their calculations may be imprecise. For example, many countries have very sparse data on cancer incidence and the prevalence of risk factors for specific cancers. To obtain global estimates researchers had to extrapolate data from other areas. They also say they had to make certain assumptions, for example, that the risk of infection was constant across populations and sexes. They also point out that there was a lack of high quality data from some of the research sites in the studies.
In the UK, a vaccine against strains of HPV that cause cancer (as well as genital warts) is now offered to girls between the ages of 12 and 13. A vaccine for people considered at high risk of hepatitis B is also available. Helicobacter pylori is usually treated with antibiotics when diagnosed. These may all contribute to a further reduction in the proportion of cancers caused by infectious diseases in this country, which may be some way below that suggested in the headlines.
It's important to bear in mind the other risk factors, such as smoking, diet and family history, that can contribute to your chances of developing cancer.
Three “cop watchers” have been arrested and are facing criminal charges for filming and interfering with a traffic stop in Arlington on Monday.
The group, which says it routinely follows and films police officers on duty, aims to hold police accountable for their actions.
But Arlington Police say three members of the group took things too far on Monday night.
Kory Watkins, Janie Lucero, and Joseph Tye were arrested and now face charges of interfering with public duties.
“These arrests had nothing to do with somebody videotaping police officers. That happens everyday,” said Sgt. Jeffrey Houston with Arlington Police. “It had everything to do with people interfering with police officers being able to do their jobs.”
The group plans to hold a rally on Saturday evening to protest what they are calling “bogus charges”.
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Latest News:
Top Trending:
Failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is still making television appearances, trying to explain to the dumbfounded media nearly a year later “what happened” when she lost the election last November. She sat down for a cozy interview on Comedy Central's The Daily Show Wednesday night, that didn't offer any hard questions or surprises. Host Trevor Noah phrased every question from a liberal viewpoint and sympathized with Clinton repeatedly over the misogyny and media bias that, she claimed, helped Donald Trump win the election.
Noah welcomed Clinton on the show with a series of clips of right-wing reporters and commentators misspeaking, calling Clinton “President Clinton.”
“How does it feel, knowing that in one world, you won?” Noah posed to Clinton, grinning.
She laughed and said, “I can only say, if they want to make that world a reality, I'm still ready.” The audience roared with cheers and approval as the pair chuckled. That friendly atmosphere followed through the rest of the show.
“Jokes aside, I know there are a lot of people who wish you were president, especially on a day like today, especially on a day like yesterday, an attack happens in New York,” Noah gushed. From there, Noah gave Clinton an easy opportunity to bash President Trump, asking about his rhetoric and how she would've reacted differently to the terror attack, had she been president.
After Clinton blasted Trump for not having “any empathy,” Noah brought up the Clinton dossier, but framed it in a completely one-sided way:
“Now, people say, "Hillary, is there a difference between your team paying for this opposition research and Donald Trump's people working with the Russians to influence the election?" Is there a difference?” he asked.
“Of course, there is. And, you know, I think most serious people understand that,” she began, dismissing those who associate the two as stupid. Clinton called the dossier simply “opposition research” that was vetted for “accuracy” before it was released to the public. As if that wasn't ridiculous enough, she claimed the FBI investigation into Trump was underreported and would've swayed the election.
After a commercial break, Noah went back to giving Clinton softballs as ways to beat up on Trump:
“Does it feel frustrating sometimes, as somebody who has always been in the service of people in this country, seeing somebody like Donald Trump working to dismantle everything? At some point, to be honest, it feels spiteful,” the late night host sympathized.
Clinton agreed, adding hyperbolically to finish off her long-winded answer, “Yes, he's going to try to undo, I'm afraid, much of the 20th century at the rate we're going here, and we can't let that happen.”
Noah moved on to bemoan the election results some more, this time blaming the “undeniable” misogyny in the 2016 election. He brought up Harvey Weinstein, without acknowledging he was a Clinton donor, before he gushed that Clinton experienced that kind of mistreatment “1,000-fold more than anyone:”
This is something people want to fight and it's hard to deny, but there was a big part of this that had to to do with misogyny. I'm not trying to say everyone who voted against you voted against you because they didn't like you were a woman. But when you look at misogyny and you write about it in the book, and sexism, it does feel like, since the election, there has been a backlash. And I'm referring, obviously, like, to the Harvey Weinstein scandal, and what's happened, people in Congress even speak out now. Do you see a positive shift in a direction we need to be going in? How do you see the landscape as it stands, as really someone who experienced I think 1,000-fold more than anyone?
“I am cautiously optimistic, because as I write in the book, sexism and misogyny are endemic in our society, not just in our politics. We've seen lots of stories out of Silicon Valley, out of the media. We know that, it, unfortunately, is pervasive,” Clinton said before explaining she was working to get women more involved in politics and running for office.
Still harping on the sexism beat, Noah asked Clinton how it made her “feel” when people tell her to “go away” and leave the political sphere. She sighed as the audience loudly chanted, “No! Stay!”
“This is what people say. I honestly have my own views, and I relate it to my mom and things people have said to her,” Noah empathized.
“But when you hear that, like I say, I have my idea on where it comes from. How do you feel and what does it make you want to do?” he asked.
“Write a book explaining what happened and come on your show and other places!” Clinton gushed.
She continued, claiming that no other failed male presidential candidate received this kind of treatment:
You know, some of it is just rank sexism. Let's just be honest about it. I never heard anybody say that to Al Gore or John Kerry or John McCain or Mitt Romney, all the men who lost elections in the last 17, 18 years. Some of it is just that.
Continuing the year-long blame-game, she went on to blame the media for their allegedly unfair coverage of her campaign:
Some of it, I will say, is media guilt. You know, when they now have to face the way they covered this campaign, and the fact that they didn't pay any attention to policies-- which, you know, I thought would be important and spent a lot of time saying, "Okay, here's what we're going to do on an infrastructure plan, what we're going to do to improve the affordable care act, and everything I worked on." They were so totally entranced by the reality TV element of it, and the entertainment value of it, that I'm told-- and some members of the press have privately said to me-- look, they missed it. They missed it. They thought I was going to win so they could beat up on me without consequence, and they didn't really stand up against a lot of the ridiculous lies and accusations against me. So I think there's that.
Clinton wrapped up by reassuring Noah and her audience of supporters that she wasn't going anywhere:
“I'm going to keep talking. I'm not going anywhere. I walked in the woods. That was enough. I'm done with that,” she said enthusiastically.
As the audience cheered, Noah cracked up and reached across the table to fist bump Clinton, wrapping up the gag-worthy interview.
The modern surveillance state is referred to as an electronic police state because it uses technology to monitor people in order to detect and punish dissent. The authorities exert social control through spying, harsh law enforcement, and by regulating "privileges" such as the ability to travel. But all of these starts with surveillance.
Information is power. Imagine if agents of the State didn't know where you live. How could it collect property taxes, arrest you, conscript you or your children, or record phone calls? Imagine if the State did not know your finances. How could it snatch your money, garnish your wages, freeze accounts, or confiscate gold? Total information is total power. That's why the surveillance state views privacy itself as an indication of crime—not as one of violence, but as a crime against the State.
Beyond the NSA
The National Security Agency (NSA) keeps making headlines as the quintessential force behind the American surveillance state. Civil rights advocates should be equally concerned about a quieter but no less insidious manifestation: the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC).
The NCTC coordinates at least 17 federal and local intelligence agencies through fusion centers that amass information on average Americans. A fusion center is a physical location at which data is processed and shared with government agencies. Fusion centers also receive “tip line” information from public workers, such as firefighters, who report “suspicious” behavior observed during their interaction with people. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) began creating the centers in 2003. To date, there are seventy-eight acknowledged fusion centers.
The stated purpose of fusion centers is to prevent terrorist acts. But, for years, investigations have revealed that the monitoring has been used to exert social control and punish political opposition. In 2007, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) published a report titled, “What's Wrong with Fusion Centers?” One problem? Mission creep. The scope of their “protective” mission has “quickly expanded” to include the vague category of "all hazards." The “types of information” gathered were also broadened to include non-criminal public- and private-sector data.
Two years later, the ACLU issued another paper that sketched the impact of this broadening mission. The ACLU quoted a bulletin from the North Central Texas Fusion System; law enforcement officers were told it was “imperative” to report on the behavior of their local lobbying groups, including Muslim civil rights organizations and antiwar groups.
Despite warnings, the fusion centers continue to collect data on the “suspicious activities” of non-criminals. In September 2013, the ACLU provided information from “actual Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) summaries obtained from California fusion centers.” Included in the SARs were Middle Eastern males who bought pallets of water, a professor who photographed buildings for his art class, a Middle Eastern male physician whom a neighbor called “unfriendly,” and protesters who were concerned about the use of police force.
If every one were inclined to let such activities pass because those being watched have been Muslim, remember that power rarely restricts itself to any stated goal. As the definition of potential terrorist groups has been expanded to include groups such as the Tea Party, it has become evident that the line between terror group and political opposition has blurred.
The fusion centers share many characteristics of a surveillance state with the NSA. These characteristics include a disregard for civil rights, secret records, the use of informants, little to no transparency, the targeting of political opponents, and an ever-expanding mission.
In at least one sense, the fusion centers are more typical of the surveillance state. Since Edward Snowden's revelations, the NSA has been under a spotlight that reduces its ability to hide activities such as the warrantless recording of emails and phone calls. But fusion centers still function with little visibility. The NSA is subjected to public controversy, with civil liberty groups pushing to rein in its power. By contrast, the fusion centers are comparatively invisible, which allows them to operate covertly in a manner more typical of a surveillance state.
J. Edgar would be proud
The surveillance state was rooted in a desire to stifle political discussion, not to thwart criminal acts. In his book J. Edgar Hoover and the Anti-Interventionists, historian Douglas M. Charles traced the birth of pervasive surveillance back to the Great Debate on whether America should enter World War II. Specifically, Roosevelt wanted to support the war and to silence powerful anti-interventionists like the aviator-hero Charles Lindbergh. Thus, Hoover focused on the America First Committee (AFC) in which Lindbergh and several senators were prominent.
Hoover, director of the FBI from 1924 to his death in 1972, is the founding father of the American surveillance state. It arose because national security allegedly required constant vigilance against “the enemy,” external and internal. The internal enemy could be individuals or a concept, like communism or terrorism.
As head of the Bureau of Investigation (later the FBI), Hoover initiated the policies of extreme secrecy that bypassed the oversight of data collection. Ironically, Hoover had assumed leadership with a public pledge to end the agency's civil liberty violations. Like surveillance agencies before and since, however, the FBI's public statements directly contradicted its acts. For example, Hoover quietly coordinated with local police in much the same manner as the current fusion centers do. Information on a “suspect's” sexual preferences (especially homosexuality), reports on his children and other family, as well as other sensitive data went into unofficial files that were labeled “personal, confidential”; these were inaccessible to unapproved eyes. When tidbits from the secret files were shared, the standard method was through a memo that had no letterhead, no signature, nor any other indication of the recipient or sender.
After December 7, 1941 (Pearl Harbor), America's entry into the war became inevitable. Fearing a reduction in his power, Hoover claimed the AFC had gone underground even though the organization had clearly disbanded. Thus, Hoover continued surveillance by lying about the need to counter active subversion.
The gambit worked. Indeed, Roosevelt and subsequent Presidents were eager to weaken their opponents. The FBI's growth was phenomenal. Charles explains, “In 1934 the FBI employed 391 agents and a support staff of 451 and was appropriated $2,589,500…. In 1945, the FBI had 4,370 agents, 7,422 support staff and an appropriation of $44,197,146.” It embraced illegal wiretapping and trespass, mail monitoring, anonymous informants, pointed investigations by government agencies such as the IRS, the selective enforcement of law, and FBI plants in targeted groups.
The Cold War built upon the information-gathering infrastructure. The Cold War's extensive data sharing with foreign governments was also rooted in pre-WWII politics. “A hallmark of the Second World War, Cold War, and War on Terrorism, the intimate intelligence relationship between the United States and Great Britain had its origins during the Great Debate,” writes Charles.
Hoover's secret files on political figures made him virtually untouchable. After his death, however, the FBI came under concerted attack for its domestic surveillance. The public was particularly outraged by revelations of how the FBI had targeted popular heroes such as the civil rights leader Martin Luther King. After the famous August civil rights 1963 march during which King delivered his iconic “I Have a Dream” speech, a top Hoover aide wrote in an internal memo, "In the light of King's powerful demagogic speech … We must mark him now, if we have not done so before, as the most dangerous Negro of the future in this Nation from the standpoint of communism, the Negro, and national security." Surveillance of King increased. Among other “information” gathered, the FBI taped an adulterous sexual encounter, which anonymously appeared in the mailbox of King's wife.
FBI investigations into politically-oriented groups were officially restricted. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks and passage of the PATRIOT Act, however, the FBI and other agencies gained the ability to conduct political domestic surveillance. The surveillance state that had been rooted in war and political maneuvering was given new life by the same two factors. It was also given power of which Hoover could only have dreamed.
The ACLU declared in yet another report (2008), "There appears to be an effort by the federal government to coerce states into exempting their fusion centers from state open government laws. For those living in Virginia, it's already too late; the Virginia General Assembly passed a law ... exempting the state's fusion center from the Freedom of Information Act. According to comments by the commander of the Virginia State Police Criminal Intelligence Division and the administrative head of the center, the federal government pressured Virginia into passing the law.... There is a real danger fusion centers will become a 'one-way mirror' in which citizens are subject to ever-greater scrutiny by the authorities, even while the authorities are increasingly protected from scrutiny by the public."
Since then, State surveillance has become more secretive and increasingly exempt from both oversight and accountability. Fusion centers now reach into private databases such as Accurate, Choice Point, Lexis-Nexus, Locate Plus, insurance claims, and credit reports. They access millions of government files like DMV records. Why is this important? Various laws have been adopted to prevent the maintenance of databases on average Americans, but if fusion centers access the existing files, especially private ones, they can bypass those laws.
The foregoing is a description of electronic totalitarianism. If its creation is invisible to many people, then it manifests yet another characteristic of a police state: People do not believe their freedom is gone until there is a knock on the door—one that comes in the middle of the night.
About
The software I´m raising funds for is a football software. This software is similar to the statistics program Moneyball they use in baseball but it is more compatible to football.
This software is something unique, and isn´t used in football and sport in this way. The software looks passed the habbits of the players. It will select the players based on qualities and it will link these qualities to certain positions instead of looking to players natural positions.
The program will add the following to a football club:
- The "perfect" formation, based on the ideals of the user
- Better way to develop and rate the players
- Better youth development and more accurate training based on what is really important to there football education
- Complete new way of scouting players
- Financial management including targets, season goals and more visability to progression
The software will be developed in a Lite and Pro version, because of the different segments in the football branche, but the first and main focus will be developing a good Pro version of the software.
Draymond Green was not too happy that Conor McGregor was wearing a Golden State Warriors jersey but the UFC star would have the last laugh.
Green posted a photo on Saturday morning of McGregor wearing Green's No. 23 Warriors jersey. He captioned the photo, "We're rocking with Floyd bro not you... take that off bruh @thenotoriousmma"
He thought it was his jersey but then McGregor said that it was a C.J. Watson Warriors jersey. "I don't know who the f--k you are. No disrespect tho kid keep hustling and stay in school. Now ask yourself why I'm rocking C.j. when I don't give a f--k about basketball. dribble heads off the floor. Not a ball. This is no game here kid."
McGregor may have been wearing a C.J. Watson jersey because the former Warriors was reportedly in a relationship with Josie Harris, who is the mother of Mayweather's three children and was the victim of a 2010 assault by the boxer. Mayweather was sentenced to 90 days in jail for the assault.
Draymond Green calls out Conor McGregor. McGregor responds.
"I don't know who the f--- you are." pic.twitter.com/AhjOh8UzMk — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) July 23, 2017
#https://instagram.com/p/BW4djQ5lIb6
Boom roasted.
Green simply just had to drop his credentials in self defense. "hahahahaha that number won't be worn again when I'm finished with it clown! Gold medalist, NBA champ, all star, DPOY etc!!! Hahahaha stop it boy! Nate Diaz(Bay Area stand up) whooped you in your ring! Money May"
We all saw the endless stories before and during the election about how Stephen Harper was “muzzling” scientists in order to suppress and push his agenda and how now that Justin Trudeau won they would be free, free at last:
Science has been freed by the new government in Ottawa, just as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised in the Liberal election platform.
Problem is for the media and public unions who attacked Harper, the new era of open and transparent government promised by Trudeau has already proven to be a lie as shown by this piece from National Post's Mathew Fisher on the Syrian refugee issue:
The officials did not want to be identified because diplomats and immigration officers have been told by Ottawa not to speak about the matter, with all requests referred to the government.
Muzzling bureaucrats is cool when it's a Liberal government or will the Media Party condemn Trudeau as a dictating liar and these union members will again show up on the news in protest?
Canada needs a conservative infrastructure to influence the culture!
SIGN UP at RebuildTheRight.ca to be part of this new movement
GET YOUR “Sell The CBC” t-shirt ONLY at The Rebel Store!
JOIN TheRebel.media FREE for more fearless news and commentary you won't find anywhere else.
Aluf Benn is the editor-in-chief of Haaretz Newspaper. He has followed the country's leadership, foreign policy, and national security, covering six prime ministers from Yitzhak Rabin through Benjamin Netanyahu's second term, and reporting on Israeli-Arab wars and peace efforts since the Oslo Accords in 1993.
His work has appeared in The New York Times, Foreign Affairs, and Newsweek, and he is a regular contributor to The Guardian.
Benn holds an MBA degree from the Kellogg School of Management at NorthwesternUniversity, and a degree from Tel Aviv University.
More articles by Aluf Benn:
What's Behind Netanyahu's Pursuit of the Labor Party? Fear, Loathing and a Restive Army
The Israeli Tragedy of Spring 2016
Israeli Minister Calls for Disclosing Details of Oil Negotiations With Iran
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
ABOUT [SM] 24/7 Quake Mode Server!
Server IP: shadowmavericks.com:27050 Server Location: Chicago, IL. USA.Welcome to the official group for the (work in progress) TF2 Quake Mod and Server! Check here for news/updates, and feel free to talk about the mod in the discussions section. Suggestions for features are welcome!Don't know what this mod is? Watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0xvxcv4L1w Server down? Feel free to leave a message either in General Discussion, or directly to one of the group admins.Rules--------1. Do not harass people. This includes homophobia, racism, sexism, or any of the sort.2. Treat other people with the same level of respect that you would want to be treated with.3. No posting warez links in the chat, discussions, or comments.4. No NSFW images in the chat, discussions, or comments. Save that for the server.5. Be reasonable and patient with feature suggestions, and don't be demanding or rude. I am a college student, and time is tight and progress is slow when it comes to developing my mods.-------------------Credit for the the Railgun model in the Quake Arena mod belongs to the Jaykin Bacon: Episode 3 team.Featured in KritzKast #276! - http://www.kritzkast.com/kritzkast-276-sending-americans-to-the-moon
Republicans in Pennsylvania are considering a proposal that would award 18 of the state's 20 electoral votes to the winner of each of its congressional districts, leaving the remaining 2 to the winner of the state at large.
Had the proposal been in place in 2008, when Pennsylvania had one more electoral vote prior to reapportionment, Barack Obama would have carried only 11 of the state's 21 electoral votes despite winning Pennsylvania by a 10-point margin.
The plan would create the possibility, in fact, that the winner of the popular vote in Pennsylvania could come away with fewer electoral votes from the state. Pennsylvania's congressional districts are heavily gerrymandered and the Democratic vote is concentrated in the dense urban areas of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. Republicans have a 12-7 edge now in the state's congressional delegation, and are in charge of its redistricting process. With Pennsylvania needing to lose one seat because of slow population growth, they will try to consolidate Democratic voters into six districts while reinforcing their own.
A couple of the Republican-held districts might still be in play. The one occupied by Representative Charles Dent, for instance, now designated as Pennsylvania's 15th Congressional District, has been slightly Democratic-leaning in its presidential voting and was carried by Mr. Obama in 2008. But if Mr. Obama were to carry Pennsylvania narrowly, its electoral votes could plausibly split 9-11 or even 8-12 against him.
The Constitution provides broad latitude to states to determine how to allocate their electoral votes. In fact, Democrats have little recourse in Pennsylvania at all: Republicans control both branches of the state legislature and the governorship. And Pennsylvania has neither ballot initiatives nor recall elections. Democrats simply have to hope that Republicans will decide that the proposal is not in their overall best interest.
Fortunately for Democrats, the proposal is already drawing objections from some Republicans. And it's easy enough to see why: there are all sorts of downsides to this plan for Pennsylvania Republicans.
Problem #1. The Electoral College split could work against Republicans and cost their candidate the election.
It's easy to draw maps where the Pennsylvania plan could cost Mr. Obama an election he otherwise would have won. One case is if Mr. Obama were to lose Ohio, Florida, Nevada, Indiana and North Carolina from among the states he carried in 2008, holding the rest including Pennsylvania.
That would result in a 279-259 win for Mr. Obama in the Electoral College under the current rules. But, since he would probably lose between 10 and 12 of Pennsylvania's electoral votes because of the congressional district split, that would put him below the 270 votes required to win the Electoral College.
But one can also come up with plausible maps that would work the other way. Take the map we just drew and make two small alterations: Mr. Obama holds onto Nevada, but loses Pennsylvania. (Seem unlikely? It isn't: Mr. Obama carried Nevada by a wider margin than Pennsylvania in 2008.)
Under the old rules, this would be enough for the Republican candidate to become the next president, winning the Electoral College 273-265. If Pennsylvania's votes were split, however, Mr. Obama would be very likely to carry at least five of them in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. That would be enough for him to win the Electoral College 270-268.
Over all, somewhat more of these scenarios are likely to work for rather than against Republicans. That's because of the way Pennsylvania's congressional districts are drawn, and because Pennsylvania has historically been slightly Democratic-leaning relative to the rest of the country.
Still, the relative order of states shifts a little bit from election to election, and Pennsylvania is close enough to the razor's edge that it could flip from Democratic-leaning to Republican-leaning.
As recently as 1996, Pennsylvania was what I call the “tipping-point state.” Bill Clinton carried 21 states and the District of Columbia by wider margins than he did Pennsylvania, giving him 256 electoral votes. There were 28 states, meanwhile, totaling 259 electoral votes, that Bob Dole either won outright or lost by a smaller margin than Pennsylvania.
Neither figure is sufficient for a majority of the Electoral College — so had the 1996 election been closer over all, Pennsylvania would have been the decisive state. Mr. Clinton could have won Pennsylvania but lost the Electoral College under the proposed rules. But the same is true for Mr. Dole.
Problem #2. The plan could undermine the integrity of the Electoral College, which is probably not in Republicans' long-term best interest.
Two states, Maine and Nebraska, already award some of their electoral votes by congressional district, although their votes had never actually been split before 2008, when Mr. Obama won Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District in Omaha to take 1 of the state's 5 electoral votes. This quirk hasn't led to the collapse of the Republic, or the Electoral College.
But there are some important differences between these states and Pennsylvania. First and most obviously, they are much smaller, having 9 electoral votes between them, versus the 20 that could be affected by Pennsylvania's plan. And Maine and Nebraska are not usually swing states whereas Pennsylvania very much is, so their rules are exceedingly unlikely to change the winner of the election.
Second, the candidate winning the popular vote in Maine and Nebraska is guaranteed to also win a majority of its electors. Nebraska awards 2 electoral votes to the overall winner of the state, as well as 1 in each of its 3 congressional districts. But since it is mathematically impossible to win a state without winning at least one of its congressional districts, the worst that the statewide winner could do is 3 out of 5 votes total. In Maine, meanwhile, the winner of the state is guaranteed 3 of 4 electoral votes.
As we mentioned, that isn't the case in Pennsylvania. It's quite plausible that a candidate could win the popular vote there but lose most of its electoral votes.
Finally, the Pennsylvania plan is much more explicitly partisan. And because of the geography of the state, it would give redistricting and gerrymandering a much larger role in the outcome of presidential elections. (There isn't much worth gerrymandering in Maine or Nebraska.)
So for all practical purposes, this would represent a paradigm shift in the way that presidential elections are decided.
There's no reason that Republicans couldn't adopt a similar proposal in Wisconsin or Michigan, where they also have control of the state government.
There aren't any particularly good places for Democrats to retaliate this year. They control the state governments in places like Arkansas and West Virginia, but they are small states and might not allocate many electoral votes to Democrats no matter how they were split.
But if they swept the statehouse in Texas one year, or in Georgia, or Missouri, what would stop them from adopting the Pennsylvania plan if this were the new normal?
It would be one thing if all states adopted the same method, some of which could have advantages to the current approach, and which are sometimes favored by political scientists and good-government advocates.
But what you'd probably wind up with instead is a patchwork of procedures for awarding electoral votes: some states would retain the current winner-take-all method, but some would use the congressional district split. Some might divide their votes proportionately, or use other hybrid approaches. And the method could change each time that the state government changed hands.
It's perfectly Constitutional, for that matter, for states to award their electoral votes through the state legislature, as many states did in the early years of the Republic, without taking a popular vote at all. If Republicans want to all but guarantee that they win the presidency next year, there is nothing stopping them. They control the state governments in 21 states totaling 242 electoral votes. All they need to do is have their state legislatures pick Republican electors in those states, and then for their candidate to win by popular vote in Alaska, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi and West Virginia, which would get him to 270 electoral votes.
That, of course, is an extreme and unlikely example. But the Pennsylvania play would undermine the integrity the Electoral College, which is already fairly unpopular.
Eight states and the District of Columbia, totaling 132 electoral votes, have signed on to a plan called the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact, a proposal that would use a workaround to guarantee that the winner of the national popular vote would win the Electoral College once states totaling a majority of 270 electoral votes had committed to the plan. Such efforts would presumably gain steam if the Pennsylvania plan were adopted, as would proposals for changes to the Constitution.
And that's probably not in Republicans' best interest: the Electoral College will generally favor them.
Take the 50 states and the District and Columbia and divide them into three roughly-equal sized piles:
In the red pile go all of the states that John McCain carried, which currently have a total of 170 electoral votes. Into the purple pile go states with 182 electoral votes: all states that voted for both parties at least once between 2000 and 2008, plus Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota, where the results are usually close. The remaining 186 votes are in Democratic base states and go into the blue pile.
The blue states award a total of 4.1 electoral votes per million voters, based on turnout in 2008. The red states, by contrast, award 4.9 electors per million votes.
So Republicans get about 20 percent more Electoral College mileage out of their base states than Democrats do, relative to the number of votes cast. This reflects the fact that Republican states tend to have smaller populations, and the Electoral College slightly favors low-population states. (California has 66 times as many people as Wyoming, but awards “only” 18 times as many electoral votes.)
In any particular election, this advantage may flip. Our simulations in 2008 suggested that Barack Obama was more likely to lose the popular vote but win the Electoral College rather than the other way around, a reflection of the fact that his campaign over-performed in swing states because of its superior turnout operations.
Over the medium-to-long term, though, the Electoral College should increase the number of Republican presidents — an advantage they would presumably want to keep rather than undermining the system.
Problem #3. The plan could motivate Democrats and lead to higher Democratic turnout both in Pennsylvania and nationally.
I don't entirely buy that President Obama has problems with his base — his numbers are still pretty decent with most Democratic core voters. But they have eroded some, even among African-Americans. And even if these voters still support Mr. Obama, they may not turn out, or they may turn out but decline to devote their time and money to his campaign.
I can't think of many better ways to motivate these voters than to convince them that Republicans are trying to steal the election, and remind them of what happened in 2000, themes that will become prominent should the Pennsylvania plan come to pass.
Is the possibility of winning 10 or 12 extra electoral votes a good trade if the price, say, is motivating $100 million in additional donations to Mr. Obama and the D.N.C.? Or boosting Democratic turnout by 5 percent?
These effects are tricky to quantify. But considering that the Pennsylvania plan will help Republicans only under a relatively specific set of circumstances — if the election is close over all, if Pennsylvania is close to the electoral tipping point, and if Mr. Obama rather than their candidate wins the state — it's hard to know who gets the better of the deal.
Problem #4. The plan would significantly reduce Pennsylvania's influence in the election campaign.
The first three problems concerned the Republicans' broad self-interest in electing Republicans to the White House both in 2012 and in future years. But Republicans in Pennsylvania also have narrower and more parochial things to worry about.
If the Republican plan were adopted, its two statewide votes would still be worth going after, as might the electoral votes three or four of its congressional districts. The others would be foregone conclusions, heavily advantaging one or the other party, which would lose them only in the event of a national landslide.
Thus, Pennsylvania would effectively demote itself to something like New Mexico in the electoral pecking order — a state with five or six swing votes rather than 20. That means fewer favors from Washington, fewer visits from the candidates, less of a windfall for the state's economy, and less face-time for its politicians.
Problem #5. The plan would probably become unpopular in the state over time, potentially costing some Republican office-holders their jobs.
That reduction in influence could also make Pennsylvania voters unhappy. Consider what happened in Colorado in 2004, when there was an initiative on the ballot to allocate the state's electoral votes proportionately.
Initially, the initiative had plurality support in the polls. Once opponents began to point out that it would vastly reduce Colorado's influence, however — essentially, only 1 of its 9 electoral votes would be in play — its support collapsed to the point that it was resoundingly defeated, 66-34, on Election Day.
The Pennsylvania and Colorado cases are not identical: Colorado's plan would have split its votes proportionately according to the popular vote rather than by congressional district.
The experience suggests, however, that opponents of the bill are likely to have the stronger case in the court of public opinion: the argument that Pennsylvania has been made less influential in determining the next president will tend to carry the day.
Since there is no ballot initiative to vote on in this case, voters might instead take their frustrations out on Republican politicians throughout the state.
Republicans control 112 of the 203 seats in the Pennsylvania State Assembly, with 102 votes being required to pass the bill. Republicans hold a 30-20 majority in the Pennsylvania State Senate, meanwhile, so would need to hold 26 of their members to pass it there.
My guess is that they will not be able to keep their coalition together: it's not clear if this plan is in their best interests. There are reasons why states have been loathe to tinker with the Electoral College despite having the latitude to do so.
Now that the basket bridge for the 11.5-mile Gold Line extension into Azusa is done, what's next? Constructing a new bridge over Colorado Boulevard in Arcadia, reports the Arcadia Patch. The boulevard will remain closed from Monday until the end of April while crews replace a 1930s steel bridge with a new span that can hold modern light rail trains. Made with concrete, the new bridge will retain some of its predecessor's Art Deco borders. "It's historic architecture that we felt very strongly about keeping," Arcadia Chief City Engineer Philip Wray tells Patch. After that work is finished, crews will construct the Santa Anita and Huntington bridges before they start laying track. Many people are happy to see work progressing on the Gold Line, scheduled to open in two years, but moving at a glacial place compared to the Expo Line extension to Santa Monica--also scheduled for a 2015 opening.
· Colorado Boulevard Bridge Work Begins [Patch]
Introducing HypoPG, hypothetical indexes for PostgreSQL
Paris, June 24 2015
DALIBO is proud to present the first release of HypoPG, an extension that adds hypothetical indexes in PostgreSQL.
A hypothetical index is an index that doesn't exist on disk. It's therefore almost instant to create and doesn't add any IO cost, whether at creation time or at maintenance time. The goal is obviously to check if an index is useful before spending too much time, I/O and disk space to create it.
With this extension, you can create hypothetical indexes, and then with EXPLAIN check if PostgreSQL would use them or not.
What if I had an Index on this ?
Did you ever wonder how an index would increase the performances of your server, but you couldn't afford the time to create it on disk just for the sake of trying ?
Here's how HypoPG can help:
First let's create a simple use case:
# CREATE TABLE testable # AS SELECT id, 'line ' || id val # FROM generate_series(1,1000000) id; # ANALYZE testable ;
Now let's install HypoPG and create an hypothetical index on this new table
# CREATE EXTENSION hypopg; # SELECT hypopg_create_index('CREATE INDEX ON testable (id)');
You can now use EXPLAIN (without ANALYZE) to check if PostgreSQL would use that index !
# EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM testable WHERE id = 1000 ; QUERY PLAN ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Index Scan using 41079_btree_testable_id on testable (cost=0.05..8.07 rows=1 width=15) Index Cond: (id = 1000) (2 rows)
Yay ! If there were an index on the 'id' column, PostgreSQL would take advantage of it !
Links
Repository : github.com/dalibo/hypopg
Install with PGXN : pgxn.org/dist/hypopg
About DALIBO :
DALIBO is the leading PostgreSQL company in France, providing support, trainings and consulting to its customers since 2005. The company contributes to the PostgreSQL community in various ways, including : code, articles, translations, free conferences and workshops
Check out DALIBO's open source projects at http://dalibo.github.io.
http://www.dalibo.com
By Benjie Beer
Last week I found myself at the centre of a controversy that is becoming increasingly familiar across British universities.
The problem began in March, when I wrote a short story for my blog called 'Nights at the Disco'. The first-person narrative followed Charlie, a grotesquely caricatured Bristol University student who abused drugs and raped drunk girls he found in clubs. It was an experiment in writing 'A Clockwork Orange'-style black comedy and was intended to be a dark satire on the loneliness and frustration that is so often a part of the contemporary male experience, as well as an attack on rape culture. My first draft turned out to be a bit rubbish, but I put it up on my blog with the intention of rewriting it at some point in the future.
So I was a little surprised when, two months later, I received an email from Bristol's deputy registrar demanding I take the story down immediately with a disciplinary hearing to follow. A fellow student had reported it out of uncertainty as to whether it was fact or fiction and there was general outrage that a man had written something that could be interpreted as a "step-by-step guide to rape". The university's attempted censorship, which they said was due to reputational concerns rather than concerns about their students, quickly turned into a debate about freedom of speech.
The whole episode is part of a wider trend of restricting free speech in the name of protecting particular identity groups. It's a fashion that has gripped British universities via the so-called ‘safe space' policy, which is designed to prevent hateful speech or actions on campus. In reality it has been used so liberally as to censor almost anything deemed unorthodox.
Examples are cropping up everywhere, from Kate Smurthwaite's no-platforming at Kent to a debate on abortion at Oxford which was cancelled because it was set to be held between two men. These types of actions are often popular. The Higher Education Policy Institute recently found that 76% of all students would ban speakers with views that offended them, while 48% want universities to be 'safe spaces' in which opinions that offend gender, cultural or sexual identities cannot be aired.
This is where the phrase 'the personal is political' has taken us: into a world of anxious, narcissistic egotism, in which identity groups attempt to take ownership of issues while silencing those who appear to attack their identity.
Attempting to silence people you disagree with is a direct attack on democracy. At the moment it is largely being done in the name of protecting vulnerable people, but by attempting to prevent tyranny we have ourselves become tyrannical.
The 'safe space' policy originated from a fear of allowing extreme opinions to be voiced on university campuses, but it is now well beyond that. If my generation are serious about democracy then we must broaden our tolerance to everything bar genuinely violent language or that which might traumatise the mentally ill.
In the end Bristol allowed me to keep the story up and the outrage eventually calmed down. Management still insisted on showing their disapproval by calling me to a disciplinary hearing where I was told I'd damaged the university's reputation. But worryingly, even this parting shot makes me believe that, had there not been such a furore in defence of my right to write the chapter, perhaps they really would have preferred to censor it.
This whole episode has proven to me that the need to protect freedom of speech has never been stronger. For me the moral of the story is very simple: we should never silence people, we should never attack people for who they are, we should always prefer to be offended and we should always allow people we disagree with to speak.
Benjie Beer is a 2nd year English student at Bristol University.
The opinions in Politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
"Anybody Seen My Baby?" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones featured on their 1997 album Bridges to Babylon.
Overview [ edit ]
Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, the song also carries writing credits for k.d. lang and Ben Mink.[1] The song is known for its chorus, which sounds strikingly similar to lang's 1992 hit song "Constant Craving". Jagger and Richards claimed to have never heard the song before, only having discovered the similarity prior to the Stones' release. As Richards reported in his autobiography Life, "My daughter Angela and a friend were at Redlands and I was playing the record and they start singing this totally different song over it. They were listening to k.d. lang's 'Constant Craving.' It was Angela and her friend that recognized it."[2] The two gave Lang credit, along with her co-writer Mink. Lang said she was "completely honored and flattered" by receiving the songwriting credit.[3][4]
"Anybody Seen My Baby?" is a song from the Bridges to Babylon album. It features wide-ranging inspirations, including sampling of hip-hop artist Biz Markie, making it the only song by The Rolling Stones to include sampling. Bass and keyboards on the song is performed by Jamie Muhoberac, Waddy Wachtel plays acoustic guitar. The song has a distinctive R&B feel, driven by Muhoberac's bass. Jagger, Richards, and Wachtel play electric guitars.
Coincidentally, "Has Anybody Seen My Baby" is reported to have been the title of a song written and recorded by Brian Jones after leaving the Rolling Stones.[5]
The song was a worldwide hit in 1997, reaching the Top 20 in Europe, #1 on Canada's Singles and Rock charts and #3 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks.[citation needed] The video is perhaps best remembered for featuring Angelina Jolie.[6] She appears as a stripper who leaves mid-performance to wander New York City. "Anybody Seen My Baby?" would go on to be the only track from Bridges to Babylon to appear on the Stones' 2002 career retrospective Forty Licks.
It was performed live on most 1997/98 concerts and once in 2016.
Charts [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
(CNN) When a former Miss Pennsylvania U.S. International told her friends and family she had leukemia in March 2013, they did everything they could to help.
They hosted fundraisers in her honor, drove her to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore for treatment, and even had her carried across the finish line of a race.
But friends and family of Brandi Lee Weaver-Gates, 24, started to get suspicious when she insisted on attending her chemotherapy treatments alone and her hair grew back after she shaved her head.
It was only after contacting the hospitals where she claimed to seek treatment did her friends and family learned there was no record of Gates being a patient or having cancer.
Weaver-Gates was sentenced to two to four years in prison and five years of probation Tuesday after pleading guilty to multiple charges of theft by deception and receiving stolen property, according to court documents.
Read More
I care very little for your non-scientifically nor factually based opinion. If all you have to back up your claims are anecdotes, then you should understand we have no reason to take your claims seriously.
For example, in response to your comment I can simply say with as much weight: I am very well nourished, I am never sick, my quality of life is excellent. As for your last point: by not murdering my neighboor, I do nothing to stop murder in general. Doesn't make it ok to murder my neighboor.
Some info for you:
All the major dietetics and health organizations in the world agree that vegan and vegetarian diets are just as healthy as omnivorous diets. Here are links to what some of them have to say on the subject:
It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that appropriately planned vegetarian, including vegan, diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits for the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. These diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence, older adulthood, and for athletes.
A well planned vegan diet can meet all of these needs. It is safe and healthy for pregnant and breastfeeding women, babies, children, teens and seniors.
With good planning and an understanding of what makes up a healthy, balanced vegan diet, you can get all the nutrients your body needs.
A well-planned, balanced vegetarian or vegan diet can be nutritionally adequate ... Studies of UK vegetarian and vegan children have revealed that their growth and development are within the normal range.
Vegan diets are a type of vegetarian diet, where only plant-based foods are eaten. They differ to other vegetarian diets in that no animal products are usually consumed or used. Despite these restrictions, with good planning it is still possible to obtain all the nutrients required for good health on a vegan diet.
Vegetarian diets (see context) can meet all the recommendations for nutrients. The key is to consume a variety of foods and the right amount of foods to meet your calorie needs. Follow the food group recommendations for your age, sex, and activity level to get the right amount of food and the variety of foods needed for nutrient adequacy. Nutrients that vegetarians may need to focus on include protein, iron, calcium, zinc, and vitamin B12.
Alternatives to animal foods include nuts, seeds, legumes, beans and tofu. For all Australians, these foods increase dietary variety and can provide a valuable, affordable source of protein and other nutrients found in meats. These foods are also particularly important for those who follow vegetarian or vegan dietary patterns. Australians following a vegetarian diet can still meet nutrient requirements if energy needs are met and the appropriate number and variety of serves from the Five Food Groups are eaten throughout the day. For those eating a vegan diet, supplementation of B12 is recommended.
A well-planned vegetarian diet (see context) can meet the needs of people of all ages, including children, teenagers, and pregnant or breast-feeding women. The key is to be aware of your nutritional needs so that you plan a diet that meets them.
Vegetarian diets (see context) can provide all the nutrients you need at any age, as well as some additional health benefits.
A federal district court ruled late Wednesday that two rules governing how candidates for Austin office handle campaign funds violate the First Amendment. The ruling came after Council member Don Zimmerman filed a lawsuit challenging the city's campaign finance rules last year.
In a release from his lawyer, Zimmerman said, “We are examining our further options regarding the affirmation of our First Amendment rights to political speech.”
The first rule – the city's “blackout” period, limits candidates to a six-month fundraising window prior to an election. According to Judge Lee Yeakel's ruling, lawyers for the city failed to prove that allowing candidates to fundraise seven or eight months in advance would disproportionately sway the votes of current council members running for re-election.
The judgment reads: “…the Austin City Council is in session and voting on matters year-round, so the danger that contributions would influence votes is no less a concern in the six-month window in which fundraising is allowed than during any other time of the election cycle.”
The judge also struck down another city rule, which requires that candidates dissolve funds from a campaign no later than 90 days after the election. He ruled the city failed to prove that remaining funds create a “war chest” of interests, fueling corruption.
The blackout period for the local election in November has already expired, so it does not look like Wednesday's ruling will affect any elements of the next election.
"We will review the decision carefully, but today's ruling does not appear to require any changes in city election administration between now and election day," wrote a City of Austin spokesperson in an email.
But the federal judge failed to strike down two rules setting clear monetary limits on campaign funds. The first caps per-person contributions at $350. The second rule (also upheld) limits contributions from non-Austin voters to a total of $36,000.
The city's Ethics Review Commission issued a formal reprimand against Zimmerman last year, after he failed to file certain post-election finance reports, according to the Austin Monitor.
Read the judge's ruling here below.
This story is still developing and will be updated as needed.
During last night's Spurs-Clippers game, TNT threw up a graphic showing the Clippers' record when DeAndre Jordan shoots at least 12, 14, and 15 free throws in a game, implying that the donkey show you were watching at the time—a professional athlete performing his sport's most boring component badly—is not only a waste of your time and TNT's broadcasting capacity, but a losing strategy. But whether or not intentionally fouling Jordan is a useful long-term strategy isn't quite as important as whether or not it's a good short-term one. DeAndre is getting fouled because the Clippers are winning, not the reverse.
So far in his career, DeAndre is the worst free-throw shooter of all time. This much is demonstrable fact. He's been bad enough for long enough that to become an object of fascination in the NBA analytics pocket economy, because whether or not to foul the galoot who shoots free throws like he's throwing a really long water balloon seems like a solvable problem. Last spring, FiveThirtyEight looked at what fouling DeAndre did to the Clippers last year, and the predictable mitigating factors began to emerge. You can see the effect on the Clippers' offense in their chart below, which includes adjustments for the possessions being in the halfcourt, the Clippers rebounding Jordan's misses unusually well, and taking away the chance for a fast break after a Clippers miss from open play.
(In our calculations below, we're using Synergy Sports figures instead of ESPN Stats & Info, so there are some discrepancies between what 538 had and what we have. Synergy has the Clippers down for .938 PPP in halfcourt offense last year, for example, instead of the 1.04 number cited on 538. Still, we can assume that the two sources match up in the final ledger.)
This year, Jordan is shooting 39.7 percent from the line (and 71 percent from the floor), meaning his expected points for two free throws are 0.794. The Clippers' halfcourt offense is sitting at 0.969, meaning there's a difference of .175. Using apples-to-apples numbers to account for the difference between Synergy's numbers and Stats & Info's, this is actually twice as large last year's DeAndre gap. (.856 expected points on two FTA vs. .937, a difference of 0.08.)
Advertisement
I looked at the 16 games this year in which DeAndre had at least 10 FTA as a rough estimate of when he was being deliberately fouled, and then looked at the play-by-play for repeat trips to the foul line for Jordan, at the ends of quarters or games. In two of those games, against the Nuggets and Nets, the play-by-play didn't come up with anything like that, so I tossed them. (If you have a good idea for what to do with this data, let me know in the comments!) In the remaining 14 games, 10 teams began fouling Jordan when they were down by at least 6 points, six while down by at least 10, and just one—the Spurs—while leading. On average, these 14 games saw hack-a-DJ start with an average opponent deficit of 8.8 points. To put a very broad point on that, the Inpredictable Win Probability calculator says an 8.8-point lead with 5 minutes to go in the fourth quarter results in a win 92.7 percent of the time. In other words teams tend to hack DeAndre when they're almost certainly going to lose the game.
The thing that makes broader number dumps less than useful is that taking DeAndre's numbers in aggregate and comparing them to the Clippers' offense misses the entire point of fouling Jordan. You aren't looking for a long-term strategic gain; it's a short-term gambit. When you foul DeAndre, you strip all of the complexity and redundancies out of an offense, and give it a single point of failure—DJ making his damn free throws—and a single release valve, like those offensive rebounds 538 pointed out. Over the course of a game, the Clippers offense is not volatile; it has good shooters, good ball handlers, and good passers all over. But DeAndre at the line? That is a very volatile proposition. This is precisely why teams begin to use it in situations—the clock is short and there's no time to wait on season-long trends to show up on the scoreboard. Sometimes this works, like in Game 1 of Rockets-Blazers last year. Other times it doesn't, like in the 15 Clippers wins in that TNT graphic up top.
The compelling thing about how Popovich is using the tactic is how he's willing to go to the move before things get out of hand. (Popovich is the only coach who went to fouling Jordan this year while ahead.) But even this isn't exactly a vote for fouling Jordan as a long-term efficiency, only a more surgical implementation than Oh shit, we're down by 50 with two minutes to go. Last night, he went to it after the Spurs had eaten up the Clippers early lead to go up by two, only to give up 10 unanswered points. So Popovich took the measure of everything happening to the Spurs—Chris and Blake bulling into the lane, Jamal Crawford lurking—and deciding that the lineup he had in the game would be better served taking those off the table and just fouling. (It may not have been a bad play; the Clippers have a pretty bad transition defense, but the Spurs actually have a very bad transition offense and one of the best halfcourt units.) Putting Jordan on the line there, late in the second with the Clippers already in the penalty, is actually a relatively tame use of the device—really just a way to stop the bleeding.
Advertisement
Pretty much everyone but Lex Luthor and Reggie Miller can agree that this is a garbage rule highlighting the least theatric part of the game and enacted in bad faith. (Imagine if the NFL allowed a defensive end to kick a tight end in the nuts and force a field goal try from the 45 eight times a game.) Until it's more common in less hopeless situations, don't let the success rate fool you.
The Qur'an famously says that “there is no compulsion in religion,” (2:256), but what constitutes “compulsion” is in the eye of the beholder. The institutionalized subjugation of the dhimma, with its regular humiliation and harassment, from which one can be freed for the simple price of converting to Islam, is not considered compulsion. Remember Steve Centanni and Olaf Wiig, the journalists who were kidnapped and forced to convert to Islam — even though their conversions were obviously coerced, their captors made them say that they were converting freely, and the captors probably believed that themselves. After all, the journos could have chosen to be killed instead.
“Sikh community in Hangu ‘being forced to convert,'” by Umer Farooq, Express Tribune, December 16, 2017 (thanks to The Religion of Peace):
Posted by Allison Linn
Microsoft researchers have figured out a way to build software systems spanning many computers that can be proven free of bugs, a significant feat in the decades-long quest to create perfect software.
“Program verification has been a holy grail for computer science for 40 or 50 years,” said Bryan Parno, a Microsoft researcher who is one of the co-authors of a forthcoming paper on the project.
The researchers caution that we are still far from a world in which large computer programs, such as complex operating systems, could realistically be built in a way that is guaranteed to be free of bugs.
But, they say, recent advances have made it possible to write smaller-scale software that can be mathematically proven not to have the type of imperfections that make a program freeze up or leave it vulnerable to a security attack.
“These tools are finally reaching the point where developers can start writing code this way,” said Jay Lorch, a senior researcher who is another of the paper's co-authors.
The Microsoft research project, called IronFleet, is one of several projects showcasing advances in building bug-free systems that will be presented at the 25th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, which takes place next week.
IronFleet targets systems that span several machines. These types of systems can be prone to bugs because developers have to think of all the complex ways in which the machines have to interact.
For example, a bank may have a distributed system that allows its many servers to coordinate with each other. There's no room for error because an account holder may have a deposit request come in on one server and a withdrawal request come in on another, and the bank needs to be absolutely sure that both transactions are recorded consistently.
The researchers said that's also the kind of system in which the security of being bug-free is important enough to justify the larger investment needed to produce this kind of provably correct code. For now, they note, it would be both impractical and cost-prohibitive to produce large-scale software such as a major operating system in this way, since that kind of system may have millions of lines of code and is generally building on past work.
“Initially we'll be focused on small but critical pieces of software, where security and reliability are so important,” Parno said.
Lorch said the researchers also are focusing on systems that interact only with other computers because they are more predictable.
“Humans are very complicated, so trying to specify how a human interacts with a program is fairly complex,” Lorch said.
Smarter and faster tools
The ability to do this kind of work has improved recently because of better hardware and tools, including faster algorithms that have been developed at Microsoft Research, said Chris Hawblitzel, a researcher who also co-authored the IronFleet paper and previously created a small-scale, bug-free operating system.
A decade ago, Hawblitzel said it might have taken his entire lifetime to run the verification tools needed to determine that their system was correct. Now, thanks to improved algorithms, it might take six hours on a single computer.
With a cloud-based set of servers, the system can be verified in as little as six to eight minutes.
The IronFleet system is a departure from the more common system of testing software rigorously for bugs before it is released, and also reacting to any bugs that crop up after it goes public. It follows another project from the same Microsoft research team, Ironclad, which aimed to create systems guaranteed to securely handle personal data.
With these projects, the researchers say, there is the potential to up-end the software development process completely by creating systems that have been mathematically proven to be perfect to begin with.
“If we're successful, 10 or 15 years from now people will look back and say, ‘I can't believe they used to write code that way,'” Parno said. “It's like doctors doing surgery without anesthetic or sterilizing equipment.”
Other Microsoft research papers being presented at the SOSP conference include:
Allison Linn is a senior writer at Microsoft Research. Follow Allison on Twitter.
shield132
Offline
Activity: 1022
Merit: 531
Watch Agents Of Shield On ABC
Hero MemberActivity: 1022Merit: 531Watch Agents Of Shield On ABC
Re: The lagest Bitcoin mixer is about to stop working February 22, 2018, 04:31:17 PM
Last edit: February 22, 2018, 06:40:07 PM by shield132 #289 Quote from: Hyena on February 22, 2018, 08:37:44 AM Just wanted to announce that coinmix.to is really good mixer! I'm very happy with it.
And what it has to do with Bitmixer?
Gleb Gamow
News is always new
Btw owner of bitmixer sits now in a warm chair and has a great day in his life, has a lot of money + currently everything is ok for him but I think what will happen to him in future, will he get "leaked"? His mixer was used in darknets and was one of the most popular, he mixed 1 million bitcoin in one year. And what it has to do with Bitmixer?News is always newBtw owner of bitmixer sits now in a warm chair and has a great day in his life, has a lot of money + currently everything is ok for him but I think what will happen to him in future, will he get "leaked"? His mixer was used in darknets and was one of the most popular, he mixed 1 million bitcoin in one year.
Code:
example = { # name used for that type of tributary. "default" is the standard type, replacing the old tributaries, and "none" is reserved and should not be used tributary_name = TRIBUTARY_DEFAULT_NAME # localization string used for tributaries of that type (ie "Tributary" for the default type, "Permanent Tributary" for the Permanent type, etc) tributary_plural = TRIBUTARY_DEFAULT_PLURAL # localization string used for tributaries of that type, when there is more than one (ie "Tributaries" for the default type, "Permanent Tributaries" for the Permanent type, etc) suzerain_name = SUZERAIN_DEFAULT_NAME # localization string used for suzerains of that tributary type (ie "Suzerain" for the default type, "Permanent Suzerain" for the Permanent type, etc) tribute_name = TRIBUTARY_DEFAULT_TRIBUTE # localization string used for "paying $TRIBUTE$" for that tributary type breaks_at_suzerain_death = yes # yes/no value determining if the tributary relationship is dissolved when the suzerain dies. breaks_at_tributary_death = no # yes/no value determining if the tributary relationship is dissolved when the tributary dies suzerain_must_defend = no # yes/no value determining if the suzerain is forced to accept calls to arms from tributary in defensive wars (wars were the tributary is the defender) # if they decline anyway, they will lose the tributary and an amount of prestige defined in defines.lua, called SUZERAIN_DEFENDER_CALL_DECLINE_COST tributary_can_be_summoned = yes # yes/no value determining if the suzerain can call the tributaries to war (as tribal vassals / allies) tributary_must_defend = yes # yes/no value determining if the tributaries are forced to accept defensive calls to arms tributaries_can_infight = yes # yes/no value determining if the tributaries can fight against each others, if both tributaries are of the same type # if tributaries are of different types, they will always be allowed to fight each other, even if they have the same suzerain suzerain_can_join_infighting = yes # yes/no value determining if the suzerain can join a tributary in a war against another tributaries_can_unite = no # yes/no value determining if, when trying to break, the tributaries can band together against the suzerain, à la major revolt breaks_on_realm_change=yes # yes/no value determining if the tributary relationship is dissolved when the tributary's titles change realms cbs_against_suzerain = { # list of CBs tributaries can use against their suzerain free_tributary_cb } income_tribute_percentage = { # how much of their monthly income the tributary must pay to their suzerain. # THIS IS ONLY EVALUATED WHEN THE TRIBUTARY RELATIONSHIP IS FORMED # and is not reevaluated afterwards # this value is an MTTH and should compute a value between 0 and 1, inclusive # in case the total is less than 0, it will be counted as 0 # in case the total is more than 1, it will be counted as 1 # current scope is the tributary, FROM is the suzerain value = 0.10 additive_modifier = { value = 0.05 FROM = { is_merchant_republic = yes } } } reinforce_tribute_percentage = { # How much of the tributary's reinforcement rate will go to the suzerain's instead. # THIS IS ONLY EVALUATED WHEN THE TRIBUTARY RELATIONSHIP IS FORMED # and is not reevaluated afterwards # this value is an MTTH and should compute a value between 0 and 1, inclusive # in case the total is less than 0, it will be counted as 0 # in case the total is more than 1, it will be counted as 1 # current scope is the tributary, FROM is the suzerain # this is applied by subtracting the percentage, as is, from the tributary's reinforcement rate # and adding a scaled (based on demesne size= version of the percentage to the suzerain # So, for example, the tributary loses 10% of reinforcement rate, but the suzerain gains 10% * (tributary's demesne size) / (suzerain's demesne size) value = 0.10 additive_modifier = { value = 0.05 FROM = { is_merchant_republic = yes } } } prestige_to_suzerain = { # how much of prestige the suzerain gains every month per tributary (of that type) he holds # this value is an MTTH and the raw value will be added to the suzerain's prestige every month. # current scope is the suzerain, FROM is the tributary value = 0 } prestige_to_tributary = { # how much prestige the tributary gains every month # this value is an MTTH and the raw value will be added to the tributary's prestige every month. # to make them lose prestige, return a negative value # current scope is the tributary, FROM is the suzerain value = 0 } piety_to_suzerain = { # how much of piety the suzerain gains every month per tributary (of that type) he holds # this value is an MTTH and the raw value will be added to the suzerain's piety every month. # current scope is the suzerain, FROM is the tributary value = 0 } piety_to_tributary = { # how much of piety a tributary gains every month # this value is an MTTH and the raw value will be added to the tributary's piety every month. # to make them lose piety, return a negative value # current scope is the tributary, FROM is the suzerain value = 0 } }
News West Ham
Arsenal ran riot at the London Stadium tonight as they put five past West Ham in quick succession with Chilean Alexis Sanchez bagging a hat-trick. The 5-1 loss means West Ham have conceded nine goals in their last two games, with four coming from Wednesday's EFL Cup tie against Manchester United.
72': West Ham 0-2 Arsenal
80': West Ham 0-3 Arsenal
83': West Ham 1-3 Arsenal
84': West Ham 1-4 Arsenal
86': West Ham 1-5 Arsenal Hammered. — From The Stands (@FromTStands) December 3, 2016
In Slaven Bilic's post-match interview, the Croatian looked distraught and revealed that the players lacked the same intenisty and desire they had last season, but even went on to say that his players don't even have ‘quality in training'. You can watch the video below, thanks to BeanymanSports.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwTddgOu4Io
Sometimes work was just too much. Honestly it was too much every single day, but Thursdays were the worst. Coming out of the office she decided she wasn't going to walk back in on Friday, and if her mood didn't improve over the weekend maybe not ever again.
There were more important things in life, like taking her beloved truck and head into nature for the weekend. No assholes, no work, actually no proper reason to return to civilization for months until her savings were depleted. Not that it was expensive to live life on the road, with the truck paid for she could probably stretch those savings for a long time. A girl could dream, right?
And maybe not just that, after the week she'd been through turning that dream into a reality seemed like the smart thing to do, before she was forced to live the rest of her life in jail after killing a bunch of those assholes barehanded.
Luckily there wasn't much between her and freedom now, only a short train ride and grabbing some supplies she always had ready anyway. That in mind made the train ride among more assholes almost sufferable, even making her grin when the annoying suit with his headset stumbled and almost kissed asphalt.
And then, a mere hour after she had left work X left home, the gnarly tires kicking around pebbles and debris as she set off for the wilderness. The traffic jam out of town wasn't remotely annoying, she loved floating through traffic and watching the sun slowly go down in the rear mirror. The constant honking was a bit annoying, but it would soon seize to exist as traffic eased up and the industrial areas turned into farm land. That was her favorite point on this road she had traveled so often, when this insane charade of modern life was behind her and the life she really wanted to live was in front of her. There were so many feelings swirling around inside of her, from freedom over relaxation to even a little bit of horniness.
It wasn't exactly a secret she would spend like several hours masturbating and getting drunk in front of the fire later that day, and yet it filled her with excitement to think about it, anticipate the orgasm as much as the lazy cooldown phase afterwards and before the next one. There were things in life that were simply good with no way around it and orgasms were one of them for sure. Beer, too, and fires warming her soul as much as her body.
For a second X focused on traffic again, wondering why some people just insisted on driving slow when the road was basically free. A second later they were back in a mini-jam, cars piling up at an intersection that probably hadn't seen that many cars all week. When they got rolling again a second later a flash thought crossed X's mind, in her truck she was sitting higher than 95 percent of drivers and there was really no way they would be able to see inside. At first she hesitated to follow through, it was one thing to masturbate while driving when it was dark outside but a whole different thing during the day. A mere second later her jeans button magically became undone though, and from there it was just a zip and shuffling her left hand under her panties before she had direct, unhindered access to her pussy.
She went slow at first, teasing her clit with circling motions and following the outlines of her pussy lips with her fingers while the truck ate yards over yards, careful to stay on the road while testing the limits her body could handle while driving.
It felt incredibly great, this harmless fun no one would really take offense at even if she was discovered and as long as she managed to avoid causing an accident. When the yards became miles and the road opened up she became a little more reckless, forcing the occasional moan of pleasure out of her lungs with increased speed and only stopping when another truck was passing her, then immediately picking up as soon as it had passed her.
There were lots of miles ahead of her, but little chance to get bored. With twenty to go she let her fingers dive into her wet pussy for the first time, deep and slow enough to make her bend in her seat with a surprised moan. It always amused her how something she had done thousands of times could still surprise her, but it always did.
She surprised herself some more, then decided it was probably better to ease off a little. Her body seemed to disagree with her mind though and she found it almost physically impossible to pull her fingers out. The world was a cold place, but the inside of her pussy was warm and welcoming and so she ceased to resist, pushing her fingers into herself and twisting them, exploring the already explored with a lust for adventure she had deemed lost over the past week.
Part of her brain noticed her steering corrections becoming more erratic, another that the road was barely empty and between two lustful moans she managed a glance on the satnav and realized she was almost there in both regards. The rural road had turned into a forest road at some point and she had no idea when. She let out an embarrassed chuckle, still unable to stop fingering herself. With a sigh of resignation X pulled over to the side of the road, knowing she wasn't able to survive the last few minutes. Keeping the engine running she intensified her efforts, her right hand now free to massage her breasts, squeeze them like they needed and close her eyes to let herself fall into the darkness.
She came slow, an orgasm that announced itself long before it arrived but still caught her by surprise. She was half bent over, her fingers half in and half out when the shivers caught her, bending her back and forcing the air out of her lungs in an embarrassing squeal.
When she opened her eyes and still barely saw anything she was confused for a moment until she realized the sun had fully disappeared behind the trees, the front lights all that illuminated the darkness. Caught in that well-known post-orgasm laziness she kept sitting there for another moment, then flicked the switch of her rooftop lights on and teased the gas pedal ever so lightly, eager to bring the last stretch of the way behind herself.
I hope you enjoyed the read! I'm working on a part two of this, there's lots of naughty stuff happening to Betty before this trip is over 🙂
If you want to support me you can buy me a coffee by buying my stories on payhip or supporting me on Patreon. Thanks for any and all support, you guys keep me writing!
Infowars.com
March 14, 2010
Talk about improbable odds. The guns used in the Pentagon and Las Vegas courthouse shootings came from the police and court system in Memphis, Tennessee.
John Patrick Bedell's gun originated with police in Tennessee.
“Law enforcement officials told The Associated Press that both guns were once seized in criminal cases in Memphis. The officials described how the weapons made their separate ways from an evidence vault to gun dealers and to the shooters.”
The Associated Press offers the following lame explanation: “The use of guns that once were in police custody and were later involved in attacks on police officers highlights a little-known divide in gun policy in the United States: Many cities and states destroy guns gathered in criminal probes, but others sell or trade the weapons in order to get other guns or buy equipment such as bulletproof vests.”
The two events in question were exploited to push for more stringent gun control and a more robust stance against so-called homegrown terrorism. The latter argument was made in the case of the Pentagon shooter. The corporate media had to later admit — after a barrage of misleading and sensationalistic headlines — that the man involved was mentally ill, not a gun-toting rightwing extremist who was associated with the Ludwig Von Mises Institute.
“I just think it's unseemly for police departments to be selling guns that later turn up,” John Timoney, who led the Philadelphia and Miami police departments and served as New York's No. 2 police official, told the Associated Press.
It apparently did not occur to Mr. Timoney or the Associated Press that this “coincidence” is highly suspicious and needs further investigation instead of being used as another threadbare argument for attacking the Second Amendment.
{openx:49}
STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The EU executive offered Italy more funding on Tuesday to help deal with Mediterranean migrants and said private rescue boats working off Libya should review their operations to avoid encouraging people to take to sea.
FILE PHOTO - Migrants wait to be rescued by "Save the Children" NGO crew from the ship Vos Hestia in the Mediterranean sea off Libya coast, June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
The European Commission announced 35 million euros ($40 million) in extra cash for Rome in response to Italian demands that its neighbors share more of the burden of handling thousands of people coming by boat every week. It also set out a list of other measures for EU ministers to discuss on Thursday.
Among the proposals was that Italy draft a code of conduct for non-governmental organizations (NGOs) running rescue services off Libya.
Frans Timmermans, the Commission's deputy head, told reporters after the commissioners' weekly meeting, that this was in part because their activities might be a “pull factor” — encouraging people to risk their lives in flimsy dinghies in the hope of being picked up and then ferried over to Italy.
The Commission plan calls for beefing up Libya's coastal rescue services — something Europeans hope may curb the number of people picked up close to shore by international charities.
Despite criticism of abuses by coastguards employed by Libya's shaky, U.N.-backed government, European officials argue that better local rescue services would mean more migrants being taken back to Libya or perhaps to neighboring Tunisia or Egypt.
“ABUSIVE CONDITIONS”
Human rights groups have been critical of EU governments, noting a jump in the death rate and more than 2,000 drownings so far this year off Libya; many want Europe to give safe passage to refugees, though some governments fear this would boost their anti-immigration opponents.
Human Rights Watch said a similar set of proposals agreed on Sunday by the Italian, French and German governments along with the Commission “fall far short” and were “awful for people fleeing Libya” and its “abusive conditions ... and conflicts”.
It said France and Spain could help by having rescue ships dock there, rather than in Italy, where more than 85,000 people have arrived so far this year. Paris and Madrid have responded cautiously to Italy's warning that it might close its own ports.
Timmermans and Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called on other member states to make good on two-year-old pledges to take in more refugees from Italy and Greece. An EU deal with Turkey last year has staunched flows that saw a million people reach Greece in 2015 but numbers reaching Italy from anarchic Libya are higher than last year.
“The focus of our efforts has to be on solidarity – with those fleeing war and persecution and with our Member States under the most pressure,” Juncker said in a statement.
“At the same time, we need to act, in support of Libya, to fight smugglers and enhance border control to reduce the number of people taking hazardous journeys to Europe.”
The Commission reaffirmed its readiness to mobilize EU agencies and personnel to help the Italians. It said a 46-million-euro project with Italy would bolster Libya's ability to make good on promises to help curb migrant traffic.
The EU also pledged to step up or otherwise enhance a range of other measures, including deportations of failed asylum-seekers, combat smuggling networks and fund African countries from which people are fleeing poverty hoping for work in Europe.
Italy, the Commission said, should speed up its processing of asylum claims and deportations of those rejected.
An underwater volcano off the coast of Oregon has risen from its slumber and may be spewing out lava about a mile beneath the sea.
Researchers were alerted to the possible submarine eruption of the Axial Seamount, located about 300 miles off the West Coast, by large changes in the seafloor elevation and an increase in the number of tiny earthquakes on April 24.
Geologists Bill Chadwick, of the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory and Oregon State University, and Scott Nooner, of the University of North Carolina, Wilmington, successfully forecast the eruption in a blog post in September 2014, though they had presented their ideas at a meeting before then.
Axial Seamount is an underwater mountain that juts up 3,000 feet from the ocean floor, and is part of a string of volcanoes that straddle the Juan de Fuca Ridge, a tectonic-plate boundary where the seafloor is spreading apart.
Chadwick and Nooner have been monitoring the seamount for the past 15 years by measuring tiny movements in the seafloor as the volcano inflates with magma and then deflates. During that period, the volcano has erupted two other times — once in 1998 and again in 2011.
"It's kind of like a balloon — as magma is going into the balloon, it's inflating, and it pushes the seafloor up," Chadwick told LiveScience. "As more and more magma gets in, the pressure builds. Eventually, it reaches some critical pressure where [the seamount] can't hold it in anymore, and then it squirts out."
After the volcano erupts, the seafloor drops very rapidly, "like letting air out of a balloon," he said.
World's first 'wired volcano'
For the first time, Chadwick and his colleagues were able to observe the eruption in real time, thanks to a set of instruments connected to shore by a fiber-optic cable, installed last summer by the University of Washington and paid for by the National Science Foundation.
"This is the first place in the world where we have a wired volcano on the seafloor," Chadwick said.
Last week, the center of the volcanic crater dropped by about 6.5 feet (2 m) over a period of 12 hours, and the number of tiny earthquakes increased from hundreds per day to thousands per day, Chadwick said. On April 24, there were 8,000 earthquakes in one day, he said. (The earthquakes are too small to cause any harm to coastal residents or to trigger a tsunami, the researchers noted.)
The measurements came from eight seismometers installed around the edge of the Axial Seamount's large caldera, as well as sensors that measure changes in water pressure as the volcano's surface inflates or deflates.
"If the seafloor is going up, there's less ocean above you, so there's a little less pressure," Chadwick said. "It's not much, but our instruments are so sensitive [that] we can measure to within a millimeter of vertical motion."
Ongoing rumblings
The seamount last erupted in April 2011. Scientists discovered the eruption by accident, on a routine expedition to the seamount in late July. They were planning to retrieve some instruments they had left there the year before, when a robotic vehicle sent down to explore the site revealed a fresh lava flow that was more than 12 feet thick in places.
Nooner and Chadwick have been monitoring the Axial Seamount since its previous eruption in 1998. Back in 2006, they forecast the seamount was due for another eruption again before 2014, which then occurred in 2011.
Chadwick and Nooner plan to return to the seamount this summer by ship, to confirm that an eruption occurred (Nooner said it would probably finish erupting before then), and to retrieve data stored on instruments that aren't connected to the cable observatory.
"The goal is to understand the basic behavior of volcanoes, because we really don't understand how magma chambers work and how magma works its way up through the crust," Nooner told Live Science.
In addition to the volcano, the site is home to hydrothermal vents and an entire biological ecosystem, which many different scientists are studying.
Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. This story was originally written for LiveScience and was republished with permission here. Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved.
Related on LiveScience and MNN:
Underwater volcano may be erupting off Oregon
Scientists have been monitoring the volcano for 15 years by measuring movements in the seafloor.
The Republican chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee pumped the breaks on the confirmation of a top health official Tuesday, saying the Obama administration didn't adequately investigate claims that Planned Parenthood sold fetal issue.
Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) said he would block the confirmation of Mary Wakefield as Health and Human Services deputy secretary until the administration better detailed the scope of its investigation into Planned Parenthood, an HHS grant recipient.
Grassley said in the Congressional Record that after he wrote to HHS about “fetal tissue harvesting practices at Planned Parenthood,” the “response to the letters did not fully answer the questions raised and, furthermore, raised additional concerns.”
After an anti-abortion group published surreptitiously filmed videos that purported to show Planned Parenthood executives discussing the sale of fetal tissue, the women's health provider became the target of five congressional investigations, along with probes in multiple states.
Planned Parenthood Executive Vice President Dawn Laguens slammed Grassley's “latest round of obstruction” as “a new low” in a statement provided to TPM.
“Grassley's actions are reckless, irresponsible and threaten the health and safety of millions,” Laguens said in the statement.
Grassley is among the leading Senate Republicans blocking a potential Supreme Court nominee from President Obama.
Flowers are known to attract pollinating insects through a variety of means, from alluring fragrances and nectar to vibrant colors and shapes. According to a new study in the Journal of Evolutionary Biology, scientists can now add an unlikely mechanism to the list: movement. Researchers from the University of Aberystwyth in Wales observed 300 specific coastal flowers, noting stem lengths, the range of swaying distance, how often and how long they were visited by insects, and how many seeds were ultimately produced.
Those flowers with long and thin stems proved to be the most attractive to insects and produced the most seeds. The scientists concluded their swaying motions made them most visible among others. There are practical limits, however. Those flowers with terribly long stems moved too much to allow insects to make a stable landing and so were generally avoided. Similarly, the flowers with shorter stems were less visited since they were hard to differentiate from the crowd.
MONTREAL -- Changes to the Beer Store being contemplated by the Ontario government could raise prices and suppress sales in the beverage sector, the CEO of Molson Coors Canada said Tuesday.
"My overall worry is that we create a problem for beer volumes in Ontario,'' Stewart Glendinning said in an interview after the company reported disappointing fourth-quarter results.
Canada's National Brewers, an organization which represents Labatt, Molson and Sleeman, has warned that changes to the system recommended by a panel chaired by former TD Bank CEO Ed Clark would add about $5 to the price of a case of 24 beers.
Clark has recommended the Beer Store give taxpayers a "fair share'' of its profits or have the government auction off its virtual monopoly if it refuses to pay an undetermined fee.
Meanwhile, Ontario craft brewers say their market share is held back by the Beer Store, which makes it difficult -- and expensive -- for them to sell their products in its 448 retail outlets across the province.
The Beer Store, the commercial name for Brewers Retail, was the property of a consortium of Ontario-based brewers when set up in 1927, but now is owned by Molson-Coors of the United States, AB InBev of Belgium and Sapporo of Japan. It controls 80 per cent of beer sales in the province.
Glendinning described the retail outlet as a break-even co-operative that is so low-cost it enables the province to charge high taxes that account for 44 per cent of the purchase price of beer.
He rejected suggestions that the Beer Store is a monopoly, even though 24-packs can only be purchased from its premises. The brewer said the Beer Store doesn't control which beer is sold and every brewer sets its own prices.
He declined to say what level of fee Molson Coors would accept and wouldn't say if it would pursue a legal challenge if the government launches an auction.
"I'm sure that there will be some change. I'm waiting to see what that is going to look like,'' he said.
Earlier, Molson Coors missed analysts profit expectations as fourth-quarter net earnings fell nearly 32 per cent to US$94.1 million on lower sales due to currency fluctuations.
The company earned 50 cents per diluted share for the period ended Dec. 31, 10 cents below forecasts and down from 74 cents per share or US$137.2 million a year earlier.
Net sales dropped 5.3 per cent to US$973.8 million, but would have been up 0.9 per cent if currency values were constant.
For the full year, it earned US$514 million or $2.76 per diluted share, down from $567.3 million or $3.08 per share in 2013.
In Canada, adjusted pretax income fell 14 per cent to $76.2 million. The lower Canadian dollar reduced profits by $5 million. Sales were down 8.7 per cent to $423.1 million.
Coors Light volumes declined two per cent in the quarter, continuing a trend that began nearly three years ago. Canada accounts for 20 per cent of the flagship beer's global sales volume. Molson Coors plans new advertising and in-store support in the coming weeks to turn things around. It will also increase promotional support in Quebec for Molson Export to reverse declining market share.
The American-Canadian beer company said it will be raising its dividend by 11 per cent to 41 cents US per share and it will buy back up to $1 billion worth of its shares over four years.
Also on HuffPost:
Developer and philanthropist Malin Burnham said Tuesday that he and a group of donors is putting together an offer for U-T San Diego that would transfer ownership of the area's largest media company to a public-spirited nonprofit.
“Papa” Doug Manchester, owner and publisher of U-T San Diego, said he's open to the concept, but so far it's just a discussion.
“Actually no comment, as we have zero deal at this time,” Manchester said via email. “I have always admired and respected all that Malin has done for our community and continues to do. If Malin gets the necessary approvals then we will talk, but we are a long way from any type of transaction — if any will ever materialize. But I respect and appreciate Malin's interest in ‘community before self' as his core philosophy.”
Burnham said he is part of a group of potential donors who have been studying a deal for five or six months. His idea, if approved by the Internal Revenue Service, is that a nonprofit would own the for-profit media company.
“We would, in effect, take the profits of the newspaper, and instead of giving it to an owner, we would take those same profits and help many other projects in the community to advance the quality of life here in San Diego. That's the main purpose,” he said, adding that editorial policy would be as inclusive and community-focused as possible. “Almost by definition, if not by law, a nonprofit has to be nonpartisan.”
Manchester had been “very open” with U-T financial information over the past few months, Burnham said, and the two met to discuss the company as recently as Friday.
“I don't have a deal, I don't have a handshake, but he knows what we're doing, and he has encouraged us to go ahead with our IRS application,” Burnham said.
He said any deal probably would involve the media operation leasing its present location, leaving ownership of the U-T's Mission Valley campus with Manchester, who has proposed a $200 million redevelopment on the site with housing, office and retail space that incorporates the San Diego River into the design. The project may go before the San Diego Planning Commission early next year.
The Pro Football Writers Association named their rookie awards on Tuesday afternoon, with the rookie of the year, offensive and defensive rookies of the year, as well as the All-Rookie team.
Unsurprisingly, Ezekiel Elliott was named the PFWA Rookie of the Year, as well as the Offensive Rookie of the Year. His college teammate, Joey Bosa, was named the Defensive Rookie of the Year.
Elliott had a spectacular season behind a menacing Cowboys offensive line. In 15 games, Elliott had 1,631 rushing yards on 322 carries, finding the end zone 15 times for Jason Garrett's offense. He also had over 350 receiving yards and a touchdown. That was good enough to get him named to the PFWA's All-NFL team, too. Elliott's teammate Dak Prescott was named to the All-Rookie team as well.
Bosa missed the Chargers' first four games because of a hamstring injury. He made up for his absence when he finally stepped on the field in Week 5, having two sacks and four tackles in his first NFL game. He finished the season with 10.5 sacks, one of the best in the NFL.
This likely won't be the last time we hear their names called for rookie awards, with the “NFL Honors” set for Feb. 4. Elliott and Bosa are the front-runners for those honors, as well.
Outside of Elliott and Bosa, other Ohio State Buckeyes from their historic 2016 draft class named to the team were Michael Thomas of the Saints, and Taylor Decker of the Lions.
Other notable players named to the All-Rookie team include Jalen Ramsey of the Jacksonville Jaguars, and the speedy Tyreek Hill of the Kansas City Chiefs.
The full 2016 PFWA All-Rookie team:
Offense
QB – Dak Prescott, Dallas Cowboys
RB – Ezekiel Elliott, Dallas Cowboys; Jordan Howard, Chicago Bears
WR – Sterling Shepard, New York Giants; Michael Thomas, New Orleans Saints
TE – Hunter Henry, San Diego Chargers
C – Cody Whitehair, Chicago Bears
G – Joe Thuney, New England Patriots; Laremy Tunsil, Miami Dolphins
T – Jack Conklin, Tennessee Titans; Taylor Decker, Detroit Lions
Defense
DL – Joey Bosa, San Diego Chargers; DeForest Buckner, San Francisco 49ers; Chris Jones, Kansas City Chiefs; Yannick Ngakoue, Jacksonville Jaguars
LB – Jatavis Brown, San Diego Chargers; Leonard Floyd, Chicago Bears; Deion Jones, Atlanta Falcons
CB – Vernon Hargreaves III, Tampa Bay Buccaneers; Jalen Ramsey, Jacksonville Jaguars
S – Karl Joseph, Oakland Raiders; Keanu Neal, Atlanta Falcons
Special Teams
PK – Wil Lutz, New Orleans Saints
P – Riley Dixon, Denver Broncos
KR – Tyreek Hill, Kansas City Chiefs
PR – Tyreek Hill, Kansas City Chiefs
ST – Tyreek Hill, Kansas City Chiefs
Page 1 of 1
For more information on this topic, see our article Defining a Cult.
Q. What is a cult? And how does someone know if the faith they are following is harmful?
A. The word cult has three definitions. First of all, it can simply be a group that loves something. When people refer to an "Elvis cult" or "The O.C. cult," they mean really devoted fans.
The second definition is that of a religion whose beliefs differ from the majority around them. In the Roman Empire, Christians were sometimes considered a cult because they worshiped Jesus rather than the Roman gods.
The third, and most commonly used definition, refers to a religious group that is:
1) Exclusive. They may say, "We're the only ones with the truth; everyone else is wrong; and if you leave our group your salvation is in danger."
2) Secretive. Certain teachings are not available to outsiders or they're presented only to certain members, sometimes after taking vows of confidentiality.
3) Authoritarian. A human leader expects total loyalty and unquestioned obedience.
For the most part, this third definition of cult is being used less and less today. Experts who watch for dangerous or harmful religious groups now use the term new religious movements. The word cult can hurt people because it carries so much negative meaning. My sister was accused of being in a cult just because she preferred hanging out with Christian friends rather than going out drinking with other friends. She might have been in with a group of people that was unlike the norm (because they devotedly followed Christ), but she certainly wasn't following a harmful faith.
My friend Jason, however, fell in love with a girl who was part of a church that was exclusive, secretive, and authoritarian. At first he was happy to tell me about what he was learning. But as he got further into that religious group, he told me less and less. When the leaders of that church told him that he had to quit our church to keep dating the girl, I got very suspicious. When he got married and his parents couldn't even attend the wedding because they weren't members of Jason's new religion, it was clear that this was harmful.
Unlike that, Christians accept Jesus as their Savior and Lord. Still, they recognize that he has followers in many different Christian denominations and nondenominational churches who accept Christ. We don't believe that the truth is available only to a select few—instead, salvation through Jesus is open to everyone. We also believe that God is above any human leader.
Marshall, a former pastor, is editor of Leadership Journal, a magazine for pastors.
For more information on this topic, see our article Defining a Cult.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Frontier Developments is pursuing legal action against Atari as part of a dispute over the amount of royalties it was paid for developing Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.
According to TMZ, Frontier asserts that sales of the game were higher than what Atari had led the studio to believe and, as a result, it is owed more money for its work. Frontier developed the core game as well as two expansions for PC and Mac.
According to the report, Frontier was paid $1.17 million for its work and believes it is owed an additional $2.2 million. This is based on claims it has found evidence that the game sold more than what Atari revealed it has.
In a statement to GameSpot, Frontier's chief operating officer David Walsh confirmed Atari has denied the studio the opportunity to acquire accurate information using its right to audit, and as such is taking legal action.
"We can confirm Frontier is currently pursuing a complaint against Atari," said Walsh. "We have attempted to resolve this issue without legal action since April 2016. We have so far been denied our contractual right to audit by Atari, and we are unfortunately left with no other way to resolve our concerns. We are unable to offer any further comment while the matter is subject to due legal process."
GameSpot has contacted Atari for a statement.
In January 2013, Atari filed for bankruptcy but later secured $2 million in funding and has since returned to publishing games. In mid-2016 it launched RollerCoaster Tycoon World as an Early Access title on Steam. The response to his has been negative, but Atari pledged to support the game and improve it. The full game has since been released on Steam.
Frontier, meanwhile, launched Planet Coaster to critical acclaim. In GameSpot's Planet Coaster review, Edmond Tran awarded the game 9/10, describing it as "a game focused on the positivity that amusement parks can bring."
He added: "It's a game that occupies your thoughts when you're not playing it, and it's thoroughly captivating when you are."
David Goffin has kicked off his campaign to win a maiden Year-End Championship title in victorious fashion. In his second appearance at the event, he has started extremely positively, pulling off the biggest win of his career.
In an engaging contest with the legendary 31-year-old lefty from Mallorca, the 26-year-old Belgian summoned his resources to stake out an early lead in Group Pete Sampras. Despite some erroneous overrules from the chair umpire, Goffin kept his wits about him, breaking in the third game of the match. He promptly consolidated his lead in the following game, to lead by three games to one. On the big stage, the popular Belgian showed few nerves, and rallied behind rousing crowd support.
Dismiss him at your peril… This man has a break against Rafa Nadal. @David__Goffin leads 3-1.#NittoATPFinals pic.twitter.com/7WLr6mpzlE — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) November 13, 2017
The resilient Nadal, as ever, bounced right back with a break of his own to level the match at 3-3. He remains one of the toughest in the game to put away. However, in the 11th game, Goffin took his second break chance, striking a scintillating inside-out FH winner. The Belgian failed to seize on his advantage, however, handing the break right back, courtesy of two double faults. The first set tiebreak went the way of… At 3-2, Goffin missed a golden opportunity, flubbing a FH on a sitter that would have put him up a mini-break. A missed volley by the Spaniard at 4-3 did the trick, though. A netted forehand by Goffin two points later, though, leveled the breaker once more. With steely resolve (and despite four double faults), the bearded Belgian secured the mini-break and the first set, in 55 minutes.
🚨 Upset alert 🚨 Goffin wins the first set 7-6(5) against Nadal.#NittoATPFinals pic.twitter.com/BcXFAdzgiF — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) November 13, 2017
The second set was initially drama-free, remaining on serve through the first five games. It must be noted that while Goffin was equal to the task, he did net a fair few balls, and sprayed some as well. Had he landed these, it would have made his job that much easier. Nadal did not appear hampered by any means. His usual bravado was decidedly muted, though. Leading by 4-3, on Nadal's serve, Goffin hit a curling FH down-the-line winner that got him off on the right foot in the game. After a lengthy subsequent rally, Nadal cracked and committed an error to bring it to 0-30. A clinical return netted Goffin the break. A golden opportunity was presented on a silver platter, as he would serve for the biggest win of his career. He failed that test, however, and Nadal broke straight back. He then held his own serve, controversially, to back up that break, and things were level at five, apiece.
Goffin held his own serve, and it was up to Nadal to hold up his end of the bargain and send it to a second set tiebreaker. He quickly fell into a 0-40 hole, but saved all three match points. Nadal went on to take the game, and was back from the brink, once again.
In the second set tiebreak, Goffin secured the immediate mini-break. Nadal later edged ahead with a trademark bolo forehand down the line. He went on to secure that breaker. He saved four match points in the second set, and turned the match on its head. You've got to doff your cap to the vintage stylings of Rafael Nadal.
Never give up. Never give in. FOUR match points saved – Rafa Nadal levels the scores. We're going to three at the #NittoATPFinals… pic.twitter.com/dlJqk9tjrH — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) November 13, 2017
In the deciding set, Nadal's backhand came alive. Another comeback for the ages in the books for the Spaniard. At 1-1, the slightly built challenger broke, as Nadal sent an errant drop shot wide. With a speedy consolidation, he was off to the races. Yet another twist in the sixth game, though, as Nadal got back one of the breaks. Although Goffin served up his share of double faults, 13 aces served him nicely. Nadal served to stay in the match at 3-5, and once again, Goffin was within a game of the match. Another hold from the Spaniard put the outcome on Goffin's racquet. This time he got the job done, in 2:37:45. Despite some difficulty closing out his opponent, it was a very fine all-around performance from the Belgian.
He's done it!@David__Goffin produces a #NittoATPFinals shock to beat World No.1 Rafa Nadal for the very first time, winning 7-6(5) 6-7(4) 6-4. pic.twitter.com/ujtSf2GUtB — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) November 13, 2017
Heading into the match, there had been some question about the status of Nadal's knee. He bore no strapping, and showed no ill effects, whatsoever, which bodes well for his chances here in London. For his part, Goffin looked well, despite the highly visible strapping on his left knee. Good news for the well-liked Belgian after his gruesome ankle mishap at Roland Garros.
Nadal is now 2-1 against the world number eight, with all three matches having been contested this season.
This nightcap concludes the action at the ATP Finals for today. Group play is set to continue at the Nitto ATP Finals on Wednesday afternoon when Roger Federer will be in action once more.
above, my spontaneous vlog on the connection between belief and technique
Mentality Distorts Physicality
In this vlog I was ranting at Kevin the other night, all amped up and excited about some realizations I was having about mental training, and in the process I referenced the lean into a kick that is emphasized by Singdam and Arjan Surat – a legend, and a coach of legends. I've been playing with this for some time and know the importance of it, but often find myself frustrated by somehow still leaning back on my kicks. What I've realized, through working on this and working around the difficulties of it, is that it's almost entirely mental. When you don't believe in your kick, it's impossible to lean into it. Impossible. And even with beautiful technique and incredibly long reach, you can miss from inches away just because of a lack of belief. It's like a magic trick. A terrible magic trick.
So the moral of this story is that you can look at the technical break down of anything and follow along with the steps to get the physical applications of a strike or move or technique. But none of that is as important, or even necessarily will work, if you don't get the mental part of it right – and the right mentality is belief. Non-belief will make you pull your punches or kicks, lean away from your target, or just generally distort your physical movements. Belief first, foremost and last.
Below is a GIF of Sindam showing me the “lean in” into a kick. The shoulder comes, and importantly the chin stays down and in. This is what I'm referring to in the video. You can see the entire hour with Singdam soon to be posted to my Muay Thai Library
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
Tanner is someone I knew I needed to stay connected with when I met him (we go over how our first highschool interaction went.) We've talked on and off for years about various philosophical topics and knew we had to do a podcast after we both heard Jordan Peterson on Joe Rogan and Sam Harris's podcasts.
I'd consider myself more “Jordanian” and Tanner would consider himself more “Harrisian,” and we explore Morality, Pragmatism, and the Scientific Method. It really is one, if not, my favorite podcast. It is a near 3 hour beast, but I cannot recommend you try to listen to all of it.
If you are at all interested in Peterson's and Harris's ideas, I think you'll enjoy this.
If you'd like to support further podcast productions, become a Patreon.
Namasteezy.
Show Notes
tculpitt@gmail.com
By Printus LeBlanc
In case you've been living under a rock for the last week, President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would no longer be participating in the Paris Climate Agreement. He made the announcement on June 1 in a White House ceremony, arguing the agreement put American jobs unnecessarily at risk, while harming consumers, and that some of these nations would not have to reduce any emissions, while others, the U.S., would have to reduce emissions.
However, there was no enforcement mechanism nor any measurement requirement. If a nation fails to reduce their emissions, nothing happens, and if a nation reports false numbers, nothing happens. Because the U.S. was likely the only nation to play by the rules, it would have only hurt U.S. industries unilaterally. For this reason and many more, the President had to pull out of the agreement.
Shortly after the announcement, many celebrities and CEOs took to social media to voice their disagreement with the President's decision. Disbelief and anger would be an understatement in describing the reactions.
One celebrity business tycoon, Elon Musk, took to twitter, before the announcement, threatening to quit White House councils if the U.S. did not stay in the agreement. Musk is the billionaire CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, two companies that benefit greatly from the government subsidies and contracts, that did not take too kindly to the decision. I wonder why?
Tesla makes money two ways. The first is the obvious, they sell cars. Not just any car, but electric cars. The vehicles range in price from $35,000 to over $80,000. The vehicles also come with a generous tax credit valued at up to $7,500. Tesla proudly promotes the credit on their website as an incentive. This seems like it would be enough to make a profit, but it is not, as the company still has not turned one.
Secondly, Tesla sells Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) credits in California to other carmakers in the state. How much can these credits be worth? In the third quarter of 2016 Tesla pocketed $139 million from ZEVs. Those credits pushed Tesla into profitability for the quarter, breaking a 13-quarter losing streak. So, it could be said that Tesla has a financial incentive to ensure harsh environmental regulations are pushed across the nation. It's not hard to see why he was in favor of the agreement.
The Department of Energy expects wind energy to make up 20 percent of U.S. electricity generation by 2030, and coincidently General Electric (GE) is the largest wind-turbine maker in North America. Knowing those facts, it is no surprise GE was one of the companies pushing to stay in the agreement. GE CEO Jeff Immelt tweeted out “Disappointed with todays' decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Perhaps Mr. Immelt should take a look at where his company gets its money.
Not only does GE make the wind turbines, they get subsidized heavily for it. GE has received over $1.6 billion in subsidies from local, state, and federal authorities. It's a pretty good scam if you can get the government to pay you to make something you get to sell.
Keep in mind, this is just for GE wind energy. This does not include any other green energy subsidies, loans, or bailouts from local, state, and federal governments. When you total the entire amount up, GE has gotten a staggering $159.4 billion in government funds since 2001. That's more than the GDP for many small nations. With that kind of money on the line, it's easy to see why GE would want to keep that gravy train rolling.
One might ask, why would a major corporation want burdensome rules and regulations that come with the agreement? Wouldn't the new rules and regulations hurt the bottom line of the companies. Yes and no.
Excessive regulations cost small businesses over $12,000 per year, and if you're a business trying to start, it'll cost over $83,000, according to a recent survey by the National Small Business Association. These costs might not seem like a lot to an Exxon or Google, but to a startup oil field company out of a garage, it's a killer.
Corporations are not worried about larger competitors, per se, they are worried about the start-ups that can put them out of business with new technology. One way to stop this from happening is to push regulations ensuring the small businesses cannot keep up. Financial regulations introduced under Dodd-Frank had the same effect on small banks. Because of the cost of regulations, small banks could not compete, and many are struggling because of it.
Speaking of banks, many big banks were also disappointed with the President's decision. The CEO of Goldman Sachs broke his twitter silence to state “Today's decision is a setback for the environment and the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement.” This begs the question “Why do bankers care?” Who do you think is going to finance the green energy projects?
As the regulations mandate more and more “renewable” energy, the projects are likely to be financed by major banks, with a little help. If banks do not believe the project is likely to succeed, they do not finance it. However, if Uncle Sam backs the loan, because it is green, then banks will loan out any amount to anyone with a federally backed loan guarantee. The Department of Energy gives out billions every year in loan guarantees. Banks will happily make loans, for a small fee of course, as long as they are backed by the federal government. Bad loans made by banks being backed by Uncle Sam, haven't we seen this story before?
As you continue to laugh at or take seriously the reactions to Trump's Paris climate accord announcement, remember one thing, follow the money. That will almost always tell you why the critics are coming down the way they are.
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing reporter at Americans for Limited Government.
Paying for the Party
I'm currently running a reading group with a group of 7 seniors, all women, whom I've known, and have known each other, since the beginning of their freshman year. They have diverse majors (only one is a philosophy major—others include elementary education, human development and family studies, psychology…) and pretty diverse experiences, and my idea was to read a bunch of books about undergraduate life on the pretty much entirely selfish grounds that they might be able to interpret the books better than I can alone (I went to a college in London, never lived in a dorm, and had, generally, a very different experience). We've read Michael Moffatt's classic Coming of Age in New Jersey, and Rebekkah Nathan's My Freshman Year so far, and are now on to Paying for the Party: How College Maintains Inequality , recommended to me by a sociologist who is, I think, friends with the authors. Paying for the Party is just fantastic.
The authors lived for a year in a “party” dorm in a large midwestern flagship public university (not mine) and kept up with the women in the dorm till after they had graduated from college. The thesis of the book is that the university essentially facilitates (seemingly knowingly, and in some aspects strategically) a party pathway through college, which works reasonably well for students who come from very privileged backgrounds. The facilitatory methods include: reasonably scrupulous enforcement of alcohol bans in the dorms (thus enhancing the capacity of the fraternities to monopolize control of illegal drinking and, incidentally, forcing women to drink in environments where they are more vulnerable to sexual assault); providing easy majors which affluent students can take which won't interfere with their partying, and which will lead to jobs for them, because they have connections in the media or the leisure industries that will enable them to get jobs without good credentials; and assigning students to dorms based on choice (my students confirm that dorms have reputations as party, or nerdy, or whatever, dorms that ensure that they retain their character over time, despite 100% turnover in residents every year).
The problem is that other students (all their subjects are women), who do not have the resources to get jobs in the industries to which the easy majors orient them, and who lack the wealth to keep up with the party scene, and who simply cannot afford to have the low gpas that would be barriers to their future employment, but which are fine for affluent women, get caught up in the scene. They are, in addition, more vulnerable to sexual assault, and less insulated (because they lack family money) against the serious risks associated with really screwing up. The authors tell stories of students seeking upward social mobility switching their majors from sensible professional majors to easy majors that lead to jobs available only through family contacts, not through credentials. Nobody is alerting these students to the risks they are taking. So the class inequalities at entry are exacerbated by the process. Furthermore, the non-party women on the party floor are, although reasonably numerous, individually isolated—they feel like losers, not being able to keep up with the heavy demands of the party scene. The authors document that the working class students who thrive are those who transfer to regional colleges near their birth homes.
The Greek system comes in for particular criticism, perhaps unsurprisingly, and the authors details practices that are, even to the jaded, mildly disturbing. It is not an uplifting book. But it is really essential reading if you want to understand the culture of a large public university well.
My students include one sorority member, and I was a little uneasy reading it, worried she might be defensive. When asked by a peer about the representation of sororities, she took in a deep breath and said “well, to be honest, It's pretty much exactly like that”. Though she added that the school in question (they had worked out which it is, It's not hard) is having an unusually prominent Greek scene.
My students are particularly keen that administrators and professors read the book. Everyone else I have forced to read it (a good number) have been fascinated, and find it extremely enlightening. A typical reaction has been “I wish I had seen this in my first year of college, I'd have understood the institution and how to navigate it so much better”. I really can't recommend it highly enough.
But two other recommendations might be more compelling than mine. These are recent emails from students, frustrated that because of spring break we shall not be having our second discussion of the book for a while:
This book makes me so angry and I'm so glad that you are having us read it! I feel like more university faculty and administrators need to read it to start to understand what we're going through. As I told you, I'm embarrassed that I identify with the lower class groups and how they describe my future as being so dismal. Obviously it's never been easy, but it makes me worry about my future, more than I already had because now class status is floating through my head. Personally, I don't care about what classes people belong to, except in this context because there is so much inequality…….. I also have a question about the admission process and I don't know if you'll know the answer. Do you know if when you apply to UW that you state your perceived class background or family income? I know when I applied that there was a question about first generation college students, but that's different. I feel like with the first generation background they're creating some sort of affirmative action for us, but I don't know if that's necessarily good given the university doesn't have enough time for us. One more also, they comment on how many women transferred to more regional, closer to home, colleges. This was the first time that I seriously kind of regret staying here. Don't get me wrong, I love this city and everyone I've meet and all of the opportunities I've been given, but as I've talked with you about before, I think I should've made a bigger effort to transfer to a smaller university. It's just sad to think that in my attempt to get a better education (or so I thought) at an infamous institution, I may have set myself up to fail. Just some thoughts and since we aren't meeting until the end of the month I needed to get them out!
2.
Yes,I agree it's almost hard to read (although I really like it) because it's revealing this huge problem, which I'm embarrassed to have never really realized
before even though now that I'm reading this book the examples are so obvious.
I can basically match people in the book to people I know. But anyways I'm struggling
to come up with ways that would feasibly help decrease the ‘pathway' or at least make
it less of a determining factor of success- we should talk about that when we discuss the book
after break.
and
I'm just on the last chapter of Paying for the Party (hoping to finish it before I leave for spring break) You were right about the little uplifting part at the end (I'm assuming you mean the story about Monica [actually, it's not Monica—she emailed me when she found the actually somehwat uplifting part at the very end]) and not everyone desires the upper-middle class lifestyle. I was sort of questioning this throughout the story. I think the authors made a powerful point about class and the reproduction of privilege. However while reading it I was curious about the students long-term happiness, where are they now? People like Emma (who married Joe in the army) were only discussed for their downward trajectory throughout the story but I wonder how she's doing now compared to some of the other girls. I guess I'm just curious about the happiness factor, I know money can influence happiness up to a point, but at some point I think having too much money can also be detrimental. Are the girls they interviewed who benefited from the primed to party lifestyle, currently happy? Are the people who experienced downward mobility happy? Overall its clear there's a big problem with how the universities are set up and a lot of factors contributing to/reinforcing that problem.
I defy anyone who has spent a lot of time at a large public flagship not to learn a lot from Paying for the Party.
Investors flee stock funds at rate not seen since 2008 panic
NEW YORK  The market turmoil sparked by the downgrade of the USA's triple-A credit rating caused mutual fund investors to sell U.S. stock funds at a rate not seen since the financial crisis in October 2008.
In the week ended Aug. 10, which included the two days leading up to the Standard & Poor's downgrade and the first three trading days that followed, net outflows from domestic stock funds were $23.49 billion, the Investment Company Institute says. That was the biggest weekly outflow since Oct. 15, 2008, just four weeks after the bankruptcy filing of Lehman Bros. almost toppled the world financial system.
Investors' decision to take a more conservative stance isn't surprising, given the historic price swings in the Dow Jones industrial average, the nation's first-ever debt downgrade, a patch of weak economic data and negative headlines out of Europe, says Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial.
"When you see swings of that magnitude, it makes investors nervous," Krosby says. "They remember 2008. They always feel like they are the last ones out. This time they were doing what hedge funds were doing: getting out while they can."
U.S. stock funds have suffered outflows 16 weeks in a row, the longest streak since the 34 weeks following the May 6, 2010, "flash crash."
The mass sales suggest last week's record volatility spooked investors as much as the banking crisis in 2008 and last year's short-lived flash crash.
While the outflow dollar amount is "eye-catching," says Brian Reid, the ICI's chief economist, it is tiny compared with the estimated $6 trillion of total assets invested in stock funds. The latest week's outflows "account for one-half of 1% of all equity assets," he says.
"The vast majority are staying put," Reid says.
The decision to sell 16 weeks ago was a good one. The streak began two days before the market's 2011 peak. And the big bucks yanked out in the most recent week marked the bottom in the recent downdraft. Investors who have been out of the market all 16 weeks avoided virtually all of the market's 17.8% drop.
The problem with getting out of the market knows when to get back in. Stocks are up 6.5% since the Aug. 10 low. Investors are likely to remain sidelined until the question of whether the economy will suffer a double dip is answered, analysts say.
Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com
Harry Redknapp would attempt to entice Paul Scholes out of international retirement in order for him to start at Euro 2012 if, as expected, the 64-year-old becomes the England manager at the end of the domestic season. Redknapp also suggested that Steven Gerrard would be his England captain.
The Tottenham Hotspur manager will remain in his post until 13 May, when his club play their final fixture of the Premier League season, but he is then set to assume the England reins on a full-time basis, in time for Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine, which kicks off on 8 June, with an approach from the Football Association imminent.
The Tottenham chairman, Daniel Levy, will demand a high price in compensation for Redknapp, whom he does not want to lose, and there is the prospect of a lengthy wrangle, but the chairman must begin to plan for the longer-term without Redknapp. Everton's David Moyes features prominently on Levy's list of potential successors, and he may seek to talk to José Mourinho, Guus Hiddink and Didier Deschamps.
England has only one game before the end of the domestic season – the Wembley friendly against Holland on 29 February – and Stuart Pearce, the Under-21 manager, will take caretaker charge of the team.
Redknapp has continued to stress that his focus is on Tottenham's push for Champions League qualification and FA Cup success – they remain an outside bet for the Premier League title after Saturday's 5-0 home win over Newcastle United – but it is clear that he has begun to consider how he may do things as Fabio Capello's permanent successor in the England job.
Capello resigned on Wednesday, having felt undermined by the FA's decision to remove the England captaincy from John Terry. Hours earlier, Redknapp had been acquitted of tax evasion at Southwark crown court.
Redknapp has never hidden his admiration for Scholes, the Manchester United midfielder, who retired from international football in 2004. Capello offered him the opportunity to return for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa but Scholes declined, although he said that if Capello had asked him earlier and given him more time, he would probably have accepted. He admitted that saying no may have been a mistake.
Scholes retired altogether at the end of last season but he made a surprise comeback for United in the FA Cup win at Manchester City on 8 January and he has since appeared in every match for the club, winning praise for his performances. Redknapp would now like to see him go back on another retirement decision.
"Let's be honest, you would love to have Paul Scholes in the Euros this year," he said. "He'd be in your team, he's that good. Whoever's there would love to take him, I'm sure. You'd love him to play. He plays like the Spaniards, like Xavi [Hernández] or [Andrés] Iniesta. He does not give the ball away."
Redknapp could be expected to dismiss age as a concern in his England squad, having always seen the value in experienced players, and not only in relation to Scholes, who is 37. Redknapp was also praised Chelsea's Frank Lampard, 33, and Liverpool's Gerrard, 31.
"You need men in your side, you need characters if you are going to win anything," Redknapp said. "Frank is still a top player. You write Frank off at your peril. He's still a top player in my opinion. Stevie Gerrard is still a top-class player. We have got some good players in our midfield."
It was put to Redknapp that Scott Parker, his midfield general at Tottenham, could make an England captain, which he agreed with, but it sounded as though Gerrard would be his preference.
"I think there are some good candidates," Redknapp said. "Gerrard is a good candidate. Stevie Gerrard is a fantastic player. There are one or two who could do it. Scottie could do it, for sure, but so could Steve."
The 2016 NASCAR season has been one to remember. From injuries to amazing comebacks, the first 26 races has had everything — and it's only getting started. The Players' Tribune sat down individually with Kyle Busch, Joey Logano, and Kyle Larson to discuss the season, and the 10-race Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup — the postseason that kicks off on Sept. 18 at Chicagoland Speedway (2:30 pm ET on NBCSN).
The 2016 Season
Kyle Busch
When I heard Jeff Gordon was coming back … wow. I thought, Man this season has already been wild. This is something else. It's been such an exciting year for me as a fan of the sport, and it's also been a really important one. To see just how many first-time winners we've had, the rookies doing well, and to combine that all with what's really been terrific racing. It's awesome.
Joey Logano
We've had some phenomenal story lines. But for me, on a personal level, it seems the competition is in a good place as a sport. We ran the 2017 package, with less downforce, earlier this year — meaning we tried the setups we'll be using on the cars next year — so yeah, it's going to be fun to drive that next season. From a fan's perspective, to have some of the young guns coming through, it showed that the future of the sport is in good hands — which is exciting because I don't plan on going anywhere anytime soon.
Kyle Larson
I think if you had a crystal ball and told us what this season was going to be like, we'd have laughed you out of the conversation. It's been unpredictable to say the least. The biggest story line is obviously my win — Kidding. I'm really happy for the fans because it feels like we have the deepest Chase for the Sprint Cup lineup in a while.
Logano
There's definitely been good drama and bad drama this year. The positive story lines have outweighed the negatives, but it was tough seeing Dale Earnhardt Jr. step away to recover from his concussion.
Busch
Having Junior take the initiative and walk away from the car for a while it was really important. It's hard to diagnose head injuries in any sport, and nobody knows their own body as well as themselves. I respect Junior for his decision. It was good for our sport.
Larson
To have Jeff come back in place of Junior, that's something people will look back on and think, Did that really happen?
Logano
Chase Elliott has been pretty strong all season. He called me up before the season started and wanted to grab lunch to ask me about my rookie year. He wanted to hear about the mistakes I made and what I went through. He was humble and appreciative and I felt like we had a solid conversation. He's got good people around him and I'm excited to see him in the postseason.
Larson
I thought it was going to be a bit more of a battle for Rookie of the Year when the season started, but Chase has been outstanding. He's been the best driver on the Hendrick team all year, and saying he has a bright future is an understatement.
Busch
Chase has been the story for sure, but he also has the most to work with. There's some smart people over there with the number 24 car, and he's done an awesome job. Ryan Blaney deserves a special shout out, he's taken that car to another level. The Wood Brothers' relationship with Penske has helped them, and Ryan's driven well week in and week out.
Logano
Chris Buescher's win at Pocono was definitely cool. Anytime you can have young guys up there competing, it helps the sport, regardless of how he won. When I was younger, I felt a bit like a lone soldier, so for those guys to have other competitive rookies — like Chase and Ryan Blaney — it's a big deal.
Busch
Chris's victory really stands out to me. That was only his team's second win in existence and a moment like that changes a garage. He's got that over Chase for now, but I'm sure the number 24 car will find its first win soon. I remember racing against Chase when he was just 14 in the super late models series and he's got it. Some guys just have that thing in them, that killer instinct. That's what Chase has.
Larson
We've got a new crew chief this year in Chad Johnston. He came over from Tony Stewart's car and has brought a lot of experience and really changed the vibe in our garage. We maybe haven't had the top fives or top 10s that we had in 2014, but that win at Michigan — it really meant everything. Before the season started we had a lot of change on our team, and I was skeptical of some of the decisions, but we're here now because it's been a group effort.
Logano
Our goal coming into the season was to get seven wins, since we had five and six in the previous two seasons, respectively. Obviously it hasn't panned out quite yet, though we've still got time. (Kevin Garnett voice: Anything is possible!) Our top fives are similar to last year, we just haven't been able to close the deal. We really found our rhythm toward the end of last season and we believe we can do that again. We're stronger than last year, believe that.
Busch
Our expectations were high after winning the championship at Homestead last year, and everyone knows's going back-to-back is tough. But grabbing four wins, and having a special weekend at the Brickyard was satisfying. Sitting on both poles, for the Sprint Cup race and the XFINITY Series race, that weekend in Indianapolis — that was cool. But to also win both? Hard to believe, and it was even better with how special Sunday was for Jeff and Tony. Overall we're where we need to be, but it's time to get our butts in gear.
Busch
I'm going with my own on this one. It was one of the later restarts at Las Vegas last March. I was in sixth when we went green, and by the time I got to Turn 3, I was in the lead. I rode the high line on the outside to get around two cars through Turns 1 and 2, then fed the car down, feathering the wheel to the bottom line. Our Toyota was really moving that day and I grabbed the lead down the backstretch. We faded at the finish, but moves like that, they're why you race.
Larson
I'm a bit more gracious, so I'll go with Chase's restart at Richmond. That was something else. Even Tony appreciated it!
Logano
I'm following suit and going with my own, but I'll include Larson as well. The All-Star win was a big moment for our number 22 Ford team, and that move is one I look back to. Kyle made a killer restart and I followed him through. Eventually, it was just the two of us and nobody was going to let up, especially with a million dollars on the line.
Larson
Tony's retiring from NASCAR, but he's not retiring from racing. As a fan of the dirt-track circuits, it's going to be great so see him back out there.
Busch
To see him get a win, that was huge. Having him in the Chase adds such a special dynamic for the fans. We've also seen an incredibly motivated Tony this year, which lends itself to his driving style. Making up the ground he missed with that back injury — it's certainly not something everyone could do.
Larson
That edge that he drives with, it's hard to quantify. Tony and I are great friends, and we've certainly got into it a few times … but usually it's just in practice. Back at Watkins Glen I made him mad during a practice session and he came over and let me know. He may be on the way out, but he's not taking anything from anyone. Trust me.
Larson
There's been a lot of under-the-radar drivers having sneaky good seasons this year, but Aric Almirola has been the most impressive to me. What he's done with a pretty low-budget team, it's very cool to see. He's been outrunning some Hendrick and Stewart-Haas cars every week. Even smaller organizations like that can bring a lot to the sport.
Logano
I don't want to sound like I'm complaining, but I feel our team is underrated. I know we've got the win and are in a solid position, but nobody's really talking about us, which is fine by me. Maybe it's a confidence thing we have, but I feel like, each weekend, our team is the best at the track. I think I need to feel that way to race the way I do. If it's not us, then it's probably Larson in the number 42 car. He's really risen to the occasion time and time again.
Busch
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. has been a bright light for the Roush Fenway team, and has had some really solid races. Coming in second at Bristol surprised a lot of people, and he's been close to grabbing that first win. I'm rooting for him to find the winner's circle.
Busch
There's no structured way to win the thing. It's the most versatile playoff system in sports. You can win your way through, you can point your way through — it's dynamic. Our Joe Gibbs cars have done really well, and I think any of our guys have a chance at it. You'd think winning the whole thing would give you a better perspective, but honestly you have to take it race-by-race.
Logano
You hear in other sports how the playoffs are different than the regular season, like the Stanley Cup, or the NBA Finals, and it's the same for NASCAR. Once you're locked into the Chase during the regular season, the difference between second and 30th doesn't really matter, you just want to win races. When you get to the Chase though, you have to be smart, you have to work in sync with your team to make sure your strategy is correct. It's a different beast. Maximizing your day each race is crucial.
Larson
It's our first time in the Chase, so not much changes for us. We're going to be considered underdogs, and I get that. But once you're in the Chase, you're all on even footing. Our goal is to be faster than four cars in the first phase, and when you spell it out like that, you believe in yourself. We've got some good tracks coming up for us and our number 42 Chevrolet. We're confident.
Logano
The strategy is what makes our playoffs — the Chase — so cool. Sometimes you get to a track, feel the car isn't where you want it to be and think, Base hit. Basically, survive, get some points and move on. Other times it's do-or-die. There's going to be four or five moments like that if you want to win a championship.
Busch
It's a wave, you've got to be adaptable. Last year we had major ups and downs before finding our true speed. After each race you sit down, address the situation with your team and plan accordingly.
Logano
Look, at the end of the day, whoever wins deserves it. It's like football, you can go 16–0 and lose in your first playoff game. It's just the way it is. To advance to the next set of rounds, and then eventually come up big in Miami [the site of the championship finale], it's the dream. For us, we've been right on the doorstep and know we're capable. We are going to be aggressive this year, just like we have been in the past. That's how you win.
Larson
Playoff time baby, let's go.
Sixteen drivers qualified for the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup, but only four will be left to vie for the crown in the final race of the season at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Nov. 20. Kyle Busch, the defending series champion, has been there before. Joey Logano is looking to reach Homestead with a chance to win it all for the second time in the last three years, while Kyle Larson is making his Chase debut.
The social cohesion report - published by Monash University and the Scanlon Foundation - also found that one in four Australians had a negative attitude towards Muslims.
It covered attitudes to multiculturalism, immigration, trust in politicians and discrimination.
It found that although four in five Australians had a high level of support for multiculturalism, discrimination remained a problem.
Professor Andrew Markus, of Melbourne's Monash University, told SBS Muslims were disproportionately represented.
"What we found consistently that negative views towards Muslims is five times higher than say towards Buddhists,” he said.
On immigration, the report found 58 per cent of the population approved of Australia's immigration program, while public concern over asylum seeker boat arrivals had dropped to just four per cent.
The rise of Islamophobia
Sydney woman Asma Fahmi told SBS she was struck from behind on her way to work last year in what she believed was an Islamophobic attack.
"There was a man who had put his legs in between and was trying to push me to the floor,” she said.
“Then he finally called me an f***ing terrorist, that I realised that he attacked me because I was Muslim.”
She said she now lived in fear and had been forced to change her life.
“Then he finally called me an f***ing terrorist, I realised that he attacked me because I was Muslim.”
"If I were to go to certain areas, I would have to be with someone else,” she said.
“I don't travel as much as I used to.
“There really isn't much we can do. It's not like we can carry around a weapon."
Victoria Police Assistant Commissioner Andrew Crisp said the rise of the self-proclaimed Islamic State and the role a small number of Australians played in it had placed the Muslim community under the spotlight.
"We have seen an increase in the number of reports in relation to those people targeting [mainly] Muslim women,” he said.
Race Discrimination Commissioner Tim Soutphammasane said casual racism was also a growing problem.
"It's in places such as neighbourhoods and shopping centres where people appear to be experiencing racism more frequently,” he said. “What this indicates is that we're seeing casual racism emerging as the new face of discrimination in Australia.”
Eventually the siege will end but the fundamental challenge to Beijing will not
Residents gather on a street during a demonstration in Wukan village / Reuters
It all began with a protest over illegal land sales and rigged elections. According to the investigative Chinese journal Caixin , the local government in Wukan village in southern Guangdong province had earned over 700 million yuan (roughly US$110 million) from selling collectively-owned farmland but it disbursed only 550 yuan (roughly US$86) to each villager. Moreover, the highly unpopular village party secretary and director had rigged the local elections, managing to hold on to power for 40 years as a result. The villagers had been unhappy about the situation for a number of years and have complained by petition since 2009. However, there was no resolution until they finally took to the streets in September.The good news is that by late November after a few months of protest -- some of it violent -- the villagers succeeded in ousting the two village leaders. The Chinese media argued at the time that Guangdong, under Party Secretary Wang Yang (a candidate for the Standing Committee of the Politburo in the 2012-2013 leadership transition), was pursuing a new approach to social unrest, one that tried to "balance maintaining stability and basic rights while helping people to express their needs."The bad news is that the balance still isn't quite right. In recent days, the Wukan villagers have seized control of the village, demonstrating against the alleged cover-up of police brutality that led to the death on December 11 of Xue Jinbo, a demonstration leader. The Chinese media have also gone dark. There is no more talk about the new way of handling protests. On December 14, the acting mayor of Shanwei City Wu Zili said that in regards to organizations planning to "incite trouble," the government is determined to crack down on the destruction of public property and the obstruction of official business. The local government is now trying to starve the villagers out by setting up five roadblocks with guards all around the village to prevent food and other resources from coming in and workers from leaving.Eventually the siege will end but the fundamental challenge to Beijing will not. Every year, despite the country's impressive economic growth, the number of protests grows. By one estimate , Beijing now contends with 180,000 so-called "mass incidents". The why of these protests is no mystery: the lack of the rule of law, transparency, and official accountability. These are the structural elements that define the country's political system and allow corruption to flourish. In the Wukan case, the villagers are protesting corruption in both land sales and the electoral process. Whether the protests are over these issues or the environment or defective products, the root cause is the same. Beijing's take away from the Wukan protest probably won't be much more than "It's time to launch another [ineffective] anti-corruption campaign." The real takeaway, however, is that it is time to listen to what Premier Wen Jiabao had to say a few months ago in Dalian: "We must govern the country by law ... We need to uphold judicial justice ... People's democratic rights and interests prescribed in the Constitution must be protected. The most important ones are the right to vote and to stay informed about, participate in, and oversee government affairs." Put more bluntly, if the 5th generation of Party leaders doesn't listen to Wen and seize the initiative on political reform, it is looking more and more likely that the Chinese people will.
Hollywood to offer a more descriptive rating system
A new film ratings PSA has been released by the MPAA to help educate viewers on the different ratings categories. (Photo11: filmratings.com)
LAS VEGAS — Hollywood will employ a redesigned rating system to inform parents of what their children are watching, the head of the Motion Picture Association of America announced Tuesday.
While studios will still retain the current rating grades from G to NC-17, the MPAA will include a redesign and new wording to inform parents that trailers have been approved to be attached to films, and are not simply "suitable" for viewing, MPAA chairman Chris Dodd said during his speech to theater owners at CinemaCon.
A "Check the Box" ratings campaign begins this month, with theatrical posters and televised public service announcements alerting parents that there's more in the ratings box than just the letter grade.
"It's the responsible thing to do," says Dodd, a former U.S. senator. "We want parents to know what they're walking into."
VIDEO: Watch the PSA
Film ratings dominated Tuesday's speech by Dodd and John Fithian, head of the National Association of Theater Owners (NATO). Fithian says the change comes on the heels of a Federal Trade Commission report that shows about 75% of juveniles who tried to walk into an R-rated movie last year were stopped.
"Three out of four is a great number," Fithian says. "But we won't stop there. We want four out of four."
Fithian also called on studios to produce more PG-13 films which, he says, on average do twice the business of R-rated films. Yet Hollywood churns out about 50% more R films than PG-13s.
"I know it's cool to be Quentin Tarantino ... and explore all of the things that you can (with an R rating),'' he says. "But audiences are telling us, 'We want more family films.' So do we."
While Dodd sidestepped whether Hollywood was too addicted to gun violence, he says the industry can improve its communication with parents.
"We're not movie critics; it isn't our job to judge what's coming out," he says. "But it is our job to provide information. We want to let people know they have choices when they go to the movies, and this will help in that choice."
The MPAA and NATO say 2012 was a banner year for U.S. ticket sales, which hit a record $10.8 billion, thanks primarily to a 6% surge in attendance, the largest bump in a decade. Dodd and Fithian dismissed this year's slow start, which lags last year's in ticket sales and attendance by double digits.
"People keep writing the obituary on the movies," Dodd says. "But as long as there are good stories to be told, people will gather with strangers in a movie theater to see it."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/171g9aR
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Moment area around House of Parliament evacuated
A police officer and a woman have been killed near Parliament in central London in what Scotland Yard are treating as a terrorist incident.
The woman was among several pedestrians struck by a car on Westminster bridge, before it crashed into railings.
An officer was stabbed in the Houses of Parliament by an attacker, who was shot by police.
Police said there were "a number of casualties" and a "full counter-terrorism inquiry" was under way.
Prime Minister Theresa May is to chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee later.
Met Police Commander BJ Harrington said he was unable to confirm details of casualties.
Speaking outside Scotland Yard, he urged the public to stay away from the area around Westminster to allow emergency services access.
London Ambulance said it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge.
The Port of London Authority said a woman has been pulled alive from the River Thames near the bridge and was being treated for serious injuries.
Image copyright AP Image caption A man believed to be the suspect received medical treatment
The French Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said three French school pupils were among the injured and offered "solidarity with our British friends, and full support" for the wounded students and their families.
Junior doctor Colleen Anderson from St Thomas' Hospital confirmed the death of the woman and said a number of other people were hurt - some with "catastrophic" injuries.
She said she also treated a police officer in his 30s with a head injury, who had been taken to King's College Hospital.
She said the woman had died at the scene.
Analysis
Image copyright PA
By Dominic Casciani, home affairs correspondent
The incident outside Westminster is exactly the kind of scenario that security chiefs have been planning for.
It looks like the type of attack that jihadis have wanted to carry out in Britain - mainly attacking people with a vehicle and taking on the security forces with knives.
But the fact that the Metropolitan Police's counter-terrorism armed response swung into action so quickly indicates how much work has been done since the killing of Lee Rigby in 2013.
Scotland Yard's counter-terrorism command, MI5 and, where relevant, other major agencies, will now throw absolutely everything at trying to establish the background of the suspects - whether they were working alone or whether there could be more of the same on the way.
At the same time, while they are treating this as a terrorist incident, they will know full well that they will have to test the evidence to ensure that this theory is correct.
MPs said they had heard three or four gunshots and staff inside Parliament were told to stay inside their offices.
Commons Leader David Lidington told MPs the "alleged assailant was shot by armed police".
Shortly after the incident, a Downing Street source confirmed that Mrs May was safe.
The prime minister was seen being ushered into a silver Jaguar car as what sounded like gunfire rang out at Parliament during the incident.
The White House said later that Mrs May had spoken to President Donald Trump about the attack.
'Screams and commotion'
Parliament was put into lockdown shortly after the incident at about 14:40 GMT.
Tom Peck, political editor for the Independent, tweeted: "There was a loud bang. Screams. Commotion. Then the sound of gunshots. Armed police everywhere."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Steve Voake, eyewitness: "I tried to stop people coming on to the bridge"
Press Association political editor Andrew Woodcock witnessed the scenes unfolding from his office window overlooking New Palace Yard.
"I heard shouts and screams from outside and looked out, and there was a group of maybe 40 or 50 people running round the corner from Bridge Street into Parliament Square.
"They appeared to be running away from something.
"As the group arrived at the Carriage Gates, where policemen are posted at the security entrance, a man suddenly ran out of the crowd and into the yard.
"He seemed to be holding up a long kitchen knife.
"I heard what sounded like shots - I think about three of them - and then the next thing I knew there were two people lying on the ground and others running to help them.
"Armed police were quickly on the scene and I heard them shouting to people to get out of the yard."
'Mowed down'
An eye witness, Radoslaw Sikorski, a senior fellow at Harvard's Centre for European Studies, posted a video to Twitter showing people lying injured in the road on Westminster Bridge.
Image copyright Alison Baskerville Image caption Parliament went into lockdown after the attack
Image copyright AP
Image copyright AP
He wrote: "A car on Westminster Bridge has just mowed down at least 5 people."
Scotland Yard said it was called to a firearms incident on the bridge amid reports of several people injured.
Transport for London said Westminster underground station has been shut at the police's request, and buses diverted.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aerial views of Houses of Parliament
Mr Lidington said: "It seems that a police officer has been stabbed, that the alleged assailant was shot by armed police.
"An air ambulance is currently attending the scene to remove the casualties.
"There are also reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity of the Palace of Westminster but I hope colleagues on all sides will appreciate that it'd be wrong of me to go into further details until we have confirmation from the police and from the House security authorities about what is going on."
Update: An earlier version of this story included an incorrect report that it was understood from multiple sources that two people were in the vehicle on the bridge.
Are you in the area? If it is safe to do so, please get in touch with us. Email us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
You can send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk
You can also contact us in the following ways:
tech2 News Staff
Indian bug-bounty hunter, Avinash got paid $10,080 (around Rs 6.8 lakh) for discovering that Vine's source code was publicly available.
Twitter founded Vine as a sort of video-based micro-blogging platform. It allows users to upload 6-seconds of looping video. The Hacker News reports that Avinash discovered a Docker image for Vine while looking for vulnerabilities using censys.io.
In Censys' own words, “Censys is a public search engine that enables researchers to quickly ask questions about the hosts and networks that compose the Internet.” Docker is a container that contains everything needed to run a piece of software, including code, system tools, libraries, etc. It's similar to a system image, but it's more flexible and is thus, seeing widespread use.
The entire code for Vine was stored as part of a Docker image used to host the site. The server itself was on AWS (Amazon Web Services) and should have been private. Using Censys, Avinash discovered that the image was public and not private.
On downloading and running the image, he discovered that he could host a local copy of Vine himself and that he could peruse through the source code, API keys and other critical information.
Avinash presented his findings to Twitter on 31 March and they fixed the issue within 5 minutes. In return, Avinash received $10,080 for his troubles.
Bug-bounties seem to be turning into a legitimate source of income for a select few ‘hackers'. We had recently reported on Anand Prakash, another bug-bounty hunter who amassed close to Rs 1.3 crores for his bug-hunting efforts.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
JUSTICE has been denied to victims of a paedophile former garda after he died at the weekend while facing a new court case.
Jack Dunne (83) abused young boys at the Dublin station where he was based and also targeted disabled children in a scout troupe where he was a leader.
Dunne, who was also known as John Dunne, was facing a new court case after he served a six-month jail sentence for abusing four young boys on dates between 1963 and 1969.
After he was sentenced for these offences at Limerick Circuit Court last year, six new victims came forward and a fresh investigation was launched.
This led to Dunne being charged with 36 new offences in relation to six different victims — all of whom were abused by Dunne in the 1960s and 1970s.
The case was due before Dublin Circuit Court later this year, but Dunne's death in a nursing home in Limerick on Saturday means that the six new victims will never have their day in court.
A senior source told The Herald: "They are obviously very disappointed about that, his disgusting activities had a terrible effect on these victims who are now middle-aged men.
“It is no exaggeration to say that Dunne was one of the worst paedophiles in the history of our State.
“Gardai believe that there could be dozens of more victims out there — he preyed on the most vulnerable in society.”
Dunne, a garda officer of 23 years, was the children's liaison officer at Pearse Street garda station in Dublin from 1962 to 1976.
Some of the abuse took place at the city centre station.
He was also a leader of a scouts' troop from 1953 to 1976 where two of Dunne's victims had disabilities. Both boys relied upon him for lifts.
Some of Dunne's victims had polio and it has been alleged he had visited a particular ward at a children's hospital in Dublin “especially to recruit new victims”.
After he resigned from the force in disgrace, Dunne joined the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament in 1977 where he continued abusing.
In 1986, he received the Probation Act for indecently assaulting a 12-year-old boy.
Religious
In 1992, he attended sex therapy at Trinity House in Chicago for four months and left the religious order in 1997. He then moved to Limerick where he lived for the rest of his life.
He was jailed for six months after pleading guilty to 14 separate counts of abuse against four boys.
One victim told the court he was abused 15 to 20 times.
The abuse included kissing on the lips, touching private parts and mutual masturbation.
The abuse first came to light following the publication of the Ryan Report in 2009 when one of Dunne's victims contacted gardai.
kfoy@herald.ie
Spread the love
Gilroy, CA – A new lawsuit filed by a former employee is drawing attention to the Gilroy Police Department, amid accusations that high-ranking officials promoted an environment that was rife with sexual misconduct, which included everything from sex parties to inappropriate relations with underage members of the “Police Explorers” program.
After 25 years with the department, Patricia Harrell was fired from her position as a senior police communications supervisor in 2015, just three years before she was set to retire with full benefits. While she was allegedly fired for “improper conduct” with trainees, Harrell claims that she was just trying to warn them about the situation in the GPD, according to an explosive report from the Gilroy Dispatch.
Harrell's lawsuit dropped the names of not only officers but several of their wives and girlfriends as well. She indicated that working for the police department equated with enduring years of unwanted advances, sexual impropriety on the part of officers, and retaliation when Harrell spoke out. The Gilroy Dispatch reported that Harrell's claim in the lawsuit include:
• Two officers “had sexual intercourse with members of the Gilroy Explorers, comprised of youth ranging in age from fourteen (14) to twenty-one (21). When their conduct came to light, [one] was demoted, but then ‘got his stripes' back, while [the other] was allowed to resign.”
• “At office parties, GPD employees would throw their keys in a bowl and whoever pulled a key had sex with the person who owned the key.”
• The wife of an officer, who also was a department employee, proudly displayed her pierced genitalia to pool party guests, prompting several “mortified” mothers to leave with their children.
• That woman's police officer husband, when they were engaged, “brought a Salinas police officer to ‘screw her' while [he] watched. She later stated that she did not do it.”
• The same woman invited another officer to touch her breasts while they were in the Communications Center, and he did.
• The same GPD employee “kept a book in which she documented all of the sexual improprieties that occurred at the GPD, so that she could reveal the information should she ever be disciplined for her misdeeds. [She stated] ‘If she goes down, other people are going down with her.' [She] also claimed that [her police officer husband] supported the fact that she was keeping a book.”
• At a Gilroy Police Officers' Association Christmas party, “the female spouses [of two GPD officers] were outrageously intoxicated and were sexually touching both males and females including each other. Also, several people at the party were taking pictures of females exposing their private parts.”
• On a separate occasion, [an officer] showed sexually explicit photos that were inside a locker depicting GPD personnel groping [a communications staffer].”
• “For the first several years of his employment, [a male communications staffer] attempted to make sexual advances toward [Harrell] inviting her to come to his house…despite knowing [she] was married with 4 children.”
• The same man “engaged in sexual activity with other GPD officers and employees, and attempted to have sex with men by luring them to his house with the promise of ‘wild' and ‘crazy' women and alcohol. When women did not show up, [he] would tell the male guest, ‘Let's get naked while we wait'.”
According to the Gilroy Dispatch, when Harrell approached her superiors about her department's behavior—some of which may have been illegal—she was given so much over time, she became exhausted. Her lawyers point to the fact that she earned $22,000 in overtime in 2015 as proof the department was trying to punish her for speaking out.
“Harrell claims she was harassed, threatened, investigated and reinvestigated, called names, subjected to unwanted sexual advances, disciplined, shunned, admonished, punished, overworked to the point of exhaustion, wrongly accused of wrongdoing and ultimately fired,” the report noted.
Harrell's attorney, Andrea Justo, said, “These are very serious allegations…We hope the City of Gilroy and the Gilroy Police Department take them seriously.” She described her client as, “A very loyal employee for over 20 years” and indicated the allegations, “span that amount of time.”
One of the officers named in the lawsuit is Royce Heath who was demoted from Captain to Officer in January of this year for unspecified reasons.
Predictably, the Gilroy Police Department and the mayor are not commenting on the specifics of the alleged sexual misconduct. Mayor Roland Velasco expressed his confidence in Chief Scot Smithee and called the lawsuit Harrell's “side of the story.”
Smithee broke his silence after the story broke Thursday and on Friday issued a statement saying, “The Gilroy Police Department is full of caring and dedicated public servants. I am proud of our strong history of community service and keeping the public safe. We are determined to maintain our focus on serving the community in a professional and ethical manner.”
Harrell is a wife of 29 years and a mother of four. She had worked for the Gilroy Police Department since 1990. Harrell lost her job in 2015 after warning trainees about certain officers presumably named in the lawsuit. The department apparently considered warning young recruits of sexual predators on the force as grounds for dismissal.
In addition to the city and the police department, Harrell is suing the police union, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, for not supporting her claimed of wrongful termination. Harrell is seeking an unspecified amount in damages.
(CNN) Organizers say it was intended in the same spirit of "love and liberation" that inspired women's marches worldwide.
But many are complaining that "A Day Without a Woman" will leave many women in a bind.
The national strike movement on Wednesday coincides with International Women's Day. It aims to draw attention to inequities working women face compared to men, from wage disparity to harassment to job insecurity.
Several school districts across the country are closing to allow staff and teachers the chance to participate. While some people in those communities applauded district leadership for the show of solidarity, others criticized them for leaving working families scrambling to find childcare.
Schools close
Parents in Prince George's County Public Schools in Maryland were especially irate after the district announced school closures at the last minute on Tuesday night.
"This is absolutely infuriating and uncalled for. Who gets punished here? The students. Especially those students who rely on the schools for food during the day. And never mind the fact that you've inconvenienced parents who now have to scramble for daycare at the last possible minute," one person said on the district's Facebook's page.
Similar reaction filled Alexandria City Public Schools' Facebook page . The district announced the closure Monday but support staff will serve breakfast and lunch to students.
"This last-minute decision does a disservice to anyone in a family where both parents work full-time. What does ACPS expect those families to do about child care with such little notice? It also does a disservice to working women outside of ACPS, who now may be forced to stay home with their children."
Inclusive or elitist?
The complaints bore echoes of a broader debate about the strike's message if only those who can afford to take the day off participate.
Similar criticisms were leveled at the Women's March on Washington for being a movement that appealed to people in positions of privilege.
"The lack of advance notice puts parents in a tight spot. I'm fortunate enough to have a job that will let me take paid leave to care for my son during an unexpected day off. So personally, I'll be fine. But many parents are not in that position," as one person said on Alexandria City Public Schools' Facebook page.
Signs of support
Striking is not the only way organizers are encouraging people to participate. People are encouraged to avoid shopping -- "with exceptions for small, women- and minority-owned businesses -- or to wear red in solidarity.
And, for many, the inconvenience was worth the bigger message.
"Way to go Teachers! The whole point is to make people realize what an inconvenience it is when Women don't show up. You are doing a brave and great thing. Thank you. (From a parent who is facing said inconvenience!)" said a parent on the Facebook page of Chapel Hill-Carrboro City Schools in North Carolina, which announced the closure March 2.
As another parent said on the ACPS Facebook page, "I'm a working mom, hourly employee, and I support this decision. I'm proud of our ACPS teachers for their solidarity and taking a very visible stand in these troubling times."
Samurai Jack is returning to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim for its fifth season, after nearly a decade and a half of being off the air. We recently got a first look at the Samurai Jack season 5 trailer, and that has fan buzzing with Samurai Jack nostalgia.
Adult Swim is trying to capitalize on that nostalgia (and prep fans for Samurai Jack's return) by live-streaming the entire Samurai Jack series for fans to watch
WATCH: Adult Swim's Samurai Jack Live-Stream Samurai Jack followed a Japenese warrior who was trying to slay an evil, shape-shifting wizard. After one encounter, the Samurai ends up transported into the distant future, to a world the wizard now controls. The series ended on a somewhat vague note, with a suggestion that Jack's fight to win against his nemesis Aku would be ongoing. Our Comicbook.com anime expert Megan Peters breaks down the plotline of Samurai Jack season 5:
"In the trailer, fans can see Jack living alone in the future as time slips past him. More than fifty years have passed since fans last saw the wayward samurai, and Jack is in a dark place. The man says time no longer has an effect on him yet the suffering around him continues - and even Jack's former clean-shaven self is disappointed in Jack's fall. However, not even a bout of depression can hold down the warrior for long. With Aku strangling the past, present, and future, Jack rediscovers his purpose and swears to return to his own time. But, before he can do so, Jack will have to face a slew of new enemies who are destined to kill Jack. And, well - the Samurai isn't too pleased with the thought of his death."
Nuclear experts slam Fukushima nuclear plant operators over toxic water admission
Updated
Foreign nuclear experts have blasted the operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant, with one saying its lack of transparency over toxic water leaks showed "you don't know what you're doing".
The blunt criticism comes after a litany of problems at the reactor site, which was swamped by a quake-sparked tsunami two years ago.
The disaster sent reactors into meltdown and forced the evacuation of tens of thousands of residents in the worst atomic accident in a generation.
Tokyo Electric Power (TEPCO) admitted for the first time earlier this week that radioactive groundwater had leaked into the sea, confirming long-held suspicions of ocean contamination from the shattered reactors.
"This action regarding the water contamination demonstrates a lack of conservative decision-making process," Dale Klein, former head of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), told a panel in Tokyo.
"It also appears that you are not keeping the people of Japan informed.
"These actions indicate that you don't know what you are doing ... you do not have a plan and that you are not doing all you can to protect the environment and the people."
Lack of disclosure
Mr Klein was invited to attend the TEPCO-sponsored nuclear reform monitoring panel composed of two foreign experts and four Japanese including the company's chief executive.
The utility had previously reported rising levels of cancer-causing materials in groundwater samples from underneath the plant, but maintained it had contained toxic water from leaking beyond its borders.
But the embattled company has now conceded it delayed the release of test results confirming the leaks as Japan's nuclear watchdog heaped doubt on its claims.
We would like to express our frustrations in your recent activities regarding the water contamination. Dale Klein, former head of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission
"We would like to express our frustrations in your recent activities regarding the water contamination," Mr Klein said.
"We believe that these events detract from the progress that you have made on your clean up and reform for the Fukushima (plant)."
Barbara Judge, chairman of Britain's Atomic Energy Authority, says she was "disappointed and distressed" over the company's lack of disclosure.
"I hope that there will be lessons learned from the mishandling of this issue and the next time an issue arises - which inevitably it will because decommissioning is a complicated and difficult process - that the public will be immediately informed about the situation and what TEPCO is planning to do in order to remedy it," she said.
Decommissioning the site is expected to take decades and many area residents will likely never be able to return home, experts say.
AFP
Topics: nuclear-accident, nuclear-issues, disasters-and-accidents, environmental-impact, environmental-health, oceans-and-reefs, japan, asia
First posted
Location: ViÃ±a del Mar, Chile
Me and my brothers always wanted a kitty, but our parents (especially my mom) hate pets. When my older brother found out that one of his friend's cat had just had babies he came up with a master plan to fool my mom and dad. One day, he came home with the cutest kitten in a box, saying that he found it all alone and helpless on the street, when he had actually gone over to his friend's house to pick it up. Who could resist that story? From that day on Ricasuave (which means something like nice and soft in Spanish) lives in my house and enjoys tipping over flowerpots. Of course we told our parents the truth after a few months, but they really believed it for a while.
Over the last several decades researchers have examined the differences in how boys and girls are treated by parents, teachers, employers and society extensively. They've looked at stereotype threat that can keep women out of fields requiring high levels of science and math; they've dissected when and how gendered messages begin; and have examined the toys that may contribute to the problem. But far less has been researched about how those same issues affect boys.
That's beginning to change and the initial indications are that gender stereotypes show up in how parents speak to their male children, the expectations set for their behavior, and even the physical support they offer boys. This masculinity research runs in parallel to another set of research showing that the ability to access and talk about emotions makes people more resilient. So why would we deprive our boys of that advantage? In his New York Times article Andrew Reiner explains:
We tell ourselves we are preparing our sons to fight (literally and figuratively), to compete in a world and economy that's brutish and callous. The sooner we can groom them for this dystopian future, the better off they'll be. But the Harvard psychologist Susan David insists the opposite is true: “Research shows that people who suppress emotions have lower-level resilience and emotional health." How can we change this? We can start, says Dr. David, by letting boys experience their emotions, all of them, without judgment — or by offering them solutions. This means helping them learn the crucial lessons that “Emotions aren't good or bad” and that “their emotions aren't bigger than they are. They aren't something to fear."
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/15/well/family/talking-to-boys-the-way-we-talk-to-girls.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Fwell-family&action=click&contentCollection=family®ion=rank&module=package&version=highlights&contentPlacement=1&pgtype=sectionfront&_r=0
Devil's Punchbowl is a ribbon waterfall 37 metres (121 feet) in height and a crest width of 3 metres (10 feet). Located at the Devil's Punchbowl Conservation Area in Stoney Creek, the area actually contains two separate falls: the Upper Falls is the classical shape, while the Lower is the ribbon type. Known at one time as Horseshoe Falls, it is the third highest waterfall in Hamilton.
The Devil's Punchbowl does dry up often and has water flowing after rainfalls and during the winter snow melt. Often when water is flowing, it is a trickle- however, this is still an impressive sight, as this thin ribbon waterfall falls 37 metres before making contact with anything.
A fantastic video of the Punchbowl falls, shot by Best of Hamilton.
Text provided by City of Waterfalls
A suspected bank robber dubbed the "Chili Pepper Bandit" is still on the loose, and the FBI is hoping the public can help identify him. On Aug. 11, 2015, the suspect walked into the San Diego Metropolitan Credit Union, at 320 B Street, just after noon. He approached a teller and demanded money, pointing a handgun at the employee. After receiving cash, the man ran from the bank. He was last seen heading south on 3rd Street toward Broadway. He is described as a 6-foot tall black man in his 60s with a medium build. He has a full white beard and was wearing a black shirt with a red chili pepper design on it, a dark gray long-sleeved shirt, black pants, black shoes and a black hat.
The FBI and San Diego police say they have arrested the man they believe to be the "Chili Pepper Bandit."
Roy Lee Belcher, 57, of San Diego was taken into custody Thursday as he was walking near 16th Avenue and Broadway downtown.
According to the FBI, Belcher is the lead suspect in a bank robbery at the San Diego Metropolitan Credit Union Tuesday.
In the heist, the suspect walked into the bank -- located at 320 B Street -- and demanded money from the teller, pointing a handgun throughout the robbery.
Surveillance video showed the suspect wearing a black shirt with what appears to be a red chili pepper on it, which is how the FBI came up with the nickname.
After officials released his description to the media, an SDPD officer recognized Belcher as the potential suspect.
Belcher has been booked into Central Jail on one count of robbery, and his arraignment is scheduled for Aug. 17.
People who treat welfare like a paycheque had better start looking for a job, says Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak. Able-bodied people who have been on welfare for a “long time” should see their benefits “steadily decline,” Hudak proposed Thursday in a new policy paper on social assistance reform.
Ontario PC leader Tim Hudak, seen, centre, in this file photo, has released a new policy paper on welfare reform. ( TARA WALTON / TORONTO STAR )
“It's time to take a very different course.” Hudak said he would let welfare recipients who find employment keep more of the extra income to help them gain a “toehold” before clawing it back. “We want to reinforce in Ontario the dignity of a job,” he told reporters after releasing the 22-page document that will shape his party's platform in an election expected as early as this spring.
Article Continued Below
The move to break down the so-called “welfare wall” that claws back earned income as people transition to work from welfare was praised by social assistance reformers, but the Tories came under immediate attack for the plan to slash benefits for long-time welfare recipients. “Many are facing a whole range of obstacles … you need to support those persons, not penalize them,” said Community and Social Services Minister John Milloy, noting only 11 per cent of people on welfare have been there for three years or more and 53 per cent get off within one year. “Listening to Tim Hudak on welfare reform is like going to Kim Kardashian for marriage tips.” Troubles can range from addictions to literacy challenges, lack of a phone or proper clothes for job interviews. Hudak, who was part of the Mike Harris government that chopped welfare rates by 22 per cent in 1995, said his party hasn't decided how quickly or by how much to trim long-term benefits.
He also proposed merging the separate bureaucracies around the Ontario Works welfare program and the Ontario Disability Support Plan to save about $140 million a year as the province struggles with a $14.4-billion deficit. That would make it easier for disability payment recipients to get access to welfare programs helping them find jobs, along with tax credits for employers who need financial help in making accommodations for them.
Article Continued Below
New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath agreed welfare needs to be reformed but called Hudak's idea on curbing benefits for long-term recipients “wrong-headed,” the Star's Richard Brennan reports. Hudak also called for welfare recipients to be given food cards, similar to bank cards pre-loaded with cash, “to make sure the dollars are going toward their intended purpose.” His push for an end to clawbacks echoes a recommendation in a major report to Premier Dalton McGuinty on social assistance reform released last year by former New Democrat cabinet minister Frances Lankin and statistician Munir Sheikh. The pair and former TD Bank chief economist Don Drummond, in his report last winter on making public services sustainable, also recommended combining Ontario Works and the Ontario Disability Support Program. “At least they are looking at the issue and have adopted some of our recommendations,” Lankin said Thursday. “I hope it is the beginning of a discussion with all three parties.” About 400,000 Ontarians are on welfare. A single person on welfare receives $606 monthly. Gail Nyberg of the Daily Bread Food Bank said that low stipend is an incentive to find work. “So the answer (from Hudak) is to make it even harder? Not too wise.”
Air Chief Marshall Peach says Russian ships have been spotted close to Atlantic cables that carry communications between Europe and the US
Russia could pose a major threat to the UK and other Nato nations by cutting underwater cables essential for international commerce and the internet, the chief of the British defence staff, Sir Stuart Peach, has warned.
Russian ships have been regularly spotted close to the Atlantic cables that carry communications between the US and Europe and elsewhere around the world.
Air Chief Marshall Peach, who in September was appointed chair of the Nato military committee, said Russia had continued to develop unconventional warfare. He added that threats such as those to underwater cables meant the UK and its allies had to match the Russian navy in terms of modernising its fleet.
“There is a new risk to our prosperity and way of life, to the cables that crisscross our sea beds, disruption to which through cable-cuts or destruction would immediately – and catastrophically – fracture both international trade and the internet,” he said.
The warning came a fortnight after the centre-right thinktank Policy Exchange issued a report saying 97% of global communications and $10tn in daily financial transactions were transmitted through such cables.
The report, written by Conservative MP Rishi Sunak, cited US intelligence officials speaking about Russian submarines “aggressively operating” near Atlantic cables. Sunak added that when Russia annexed Crimea in 2013, an early move was to cut the main cable connecting it to the rest of the world.
Despite the warnings from Peach and Sunak, the Russian ships could just be engaged in tapping into the cables to intercept communication to gather intelligence – as the Americans and British have long done – rather than an attempt to cut or disrupt communications.
Peach's warning came against a background of proposed cutbacks to the UK's armed forces, including a reduction in the number of marines from 7,000 to 6,000 and the scrapping of two amphibious landing ships as part of a Cabinet Office security review scheduled to be announced early next year. He described the cuts as speculation and spoke instead about reducing overlap between forces.
Peach, giving the annual chief of defence staff lecture at the Royal United Services Institute in London, said the risks to Nato from Russia continued to rise.
“In response to the threat posed by the modernisation of the Russian navy – both nuclear and conventional submarines and ships – the UK and other Atlantic Nato allies have had to prioritise missions and tasks in order to protect the sea lines of communication.
“In addition to new ships and submarines, Russia continues to perfect unconventional capabilities and information warfare. Therefore, we must continue to develop our maritime forces with our allies to match Russian fleet modernisation.”
The UK, the US and other Nato countries have been warning of the danger posed by Russia since the Crimea invasion. Although a full-scale invasion by Russia of the Baltic states or elsewhere in eastern Europe is unlikely, the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, has steadily sought to reassert his country's place in the world.
As well as conventional military involvement in Syria, Russia has been accused of engaging in hybrid warfare, including cyberwarfare, aimed at destabilising Nato.
Peach cited a battle in eastern Ukraine in 2014 that spooked Nato planners. He said Russian artillery, working with drones, had wiped out two brigades of the Ukrainian army within minutes.
He also cited how UK Typhoons had intercepted Russian aircraft operating close to UK airspace and how the UK had provided planes to support Romania and Estonia.
“This is what I mean by [the UK] playing a leading role in Nato and it is essential to our security that we sustain our posture as Russia modernises its forces and flexes its military muscles with a higher risk appetite to achieve its national interest,” Peach said.
Statement by IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde on Uzbekistan
Ms. Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), issued the following statement after a meeting with Mr. Shavkat Mirziyoyev, President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, in New York today:
“It was a pleasure to meet President Mirziyoyev and his delegation. Uzbekistan's authorities are embarking on ambitious reforms, spearheaded by the recent foreign exchange reform. We very much welcome these initiatives, which are vital to strengthening the economy, creating more jobs, and achieving sustainable and inclusive growth.
“I congratulated President Mirziyoyev on his initiatives to improve regional cooperation with Uzbekistan's neighbors. Regional cooperation is much needed to deal with the region's biggest challenges, such as sharing water resources, creating an efficient regional energy grid, and facilitating transportation.
“Uzbekistan's reform journey will be challenging and long. I reiterated the Fund's commitment to partner with Uzbekistan in its journey to put the economy on a higher growth path and achieve better living standards for its people.”
£89m man Paul Pogba goes MIA during Manchester Derby [Tweets]
Search party for Pogba
Pogba in action against City
Pogba, the 90m pound man
Having signed for Manchester United for a world record 89.3m pound fee, Paul Pogba will have to live with the tag of being the world's most expensive footballer; that's just the way football works.
The Frenchman won't be fazed by that tag; he is one of the coolest and cocksure players in world football.
But unfortunately for him, he's now expected to produce a 10/10 performance week in, week out.
And it's safe to say he won't be getting a 10 rating in tomorrow's papers for his performance in the Manchester derby today.
Pogba MIA at the derby
Because the all-action midfielder was largely anonymous in today's derby, completely failing to impose himself on proceedings.
Pogba didn't manage to get on the ball as much as he likes to, and managed just one measly shot, which came early on in the first half.
But in his defence, Pogba was played out of position today, with Mourinho deploying him much deeper than usual.
Pogba best expresses himself in an attacking midfield position, and he tends to look a bit lost when played deeper, as has often happened with France.
In the central midfield position Danny Drinkwater, currently, has a lot more to his game than Paul Pogba — Ben (@Vardesque) September 9, 2016
Pogba has been invisible so far. Fernandinho is the best defensive midfielder in the league, had adapted superbly to that position. — MC (@mediocentroEN) September 10, 2016
Is Pogba playing bad, out of position or both? Always felt he'd have inconsistent runs at Juve. — Portista (@FCPortoGlobal) September 10, 2016
Paul Pogba is such a joker, didn't think we'd notice his brother Mathias playing instead of him today — Bergkamp & Bergkamp (@Orangeiceman10) September 10, 2016
Surely time for Pogba to push up and actually play in his position — Dan Jarvis (@DJ99HD) September 10, 2016
Spending so much on Pogba to play him out of position is like buying a Picasso and sticking it in the garage — David Amoyal (@DavidAmoyal) September 10, 2016
Pogba still playing out of position. United were better off setting the money on fire. #ManchesterDerby — Sonny Mensah (@VillainousGee) September 10, 2016
@GuillemBalague Man spent £90mil on Pogba and can't even play him in the right position — Jamie (@Jamie_2905) September 10, 2016
Mousa Dembele doesn't score goals. Doesn't assist. He's not especially adept at shielding a defence as a lone defensive midfielder and he rarely passes the ball more than 10 yards, through a defence or off the ground. Yet while serving suspension at the beginning of the 16/17 Premier League season Mauricio Pochettino declared, if with a joking tone, “Without Mousa Dembele, we do not exist.”
So what does he do?
The most obvious, striking aspect of the Belgian's game is his ability to receive, retain and carry the ball under pressure, often taking on the entire opposition midfield in a single spell of possession. Dembele is two things in an especially rare combination; a large-framed athletic freak and a silk-footed master of ball control.
These two attributes in tandem create the ultimate dribbler for the open spaces of central midfield. His time in this role at Fulham demonstrated his potency as a midfielder who can launch counter-attacks but in the possession heavy set-up at Spurs, Pochettino has Dembele use these attributes to engage, move or pin opposition midfielders so Tottenham's attacking players can find space and be served with easy passes to feet within the opposition block.
For the purposes of their counter-pressing style of defence Tottenham raises the bar on the acceptable level of physicality in challenging for the ball. This has the negative effect of allowing Spurs' more dainty, attacking players to become bullied out of games. Mousa, is the cure, riding the storm of challenges himself before finding an easy pass. When pressed themselves, up or down field, Dembele's teammates use him as a safe place to store the ball while adjusting their position.
These skills all make sense for a player previously deployed as a second striker but the former attacker is also a huge defensive presence in his ability counter-press the midfield area. The Tottenham pressing scheme is all about never letting the opposition settle, forcing them into rash dribbles or long passes.
The 30 year old's strength, speed, balance, reactions and ball control are called upon again in this department but so is anticipation and clever positioning to operate a very aggressive defensive role without being caught ahead of the ball.
All these clips are from a single game because I wanted to demonstrate the breadth of Mousa's influence across 90 minutes. There should be no doubt over his ability to maintain this level for every game he plays. The only thing stopping him from a season long influence is his struggle with sustaining match fitness in the light of on-going, niggling hip and foot injuries.
In and out of possession Mousa Dembele is dominant as the midfield becomes his when he is in control.
MUMBAI: A recent tweak in tax rules is worrying a billionaire Indian promoter who purchased four expensive paintings from a private seller earlier this year.
The buyer had paid about 80% of the price in cash and the remaining through one of his companies, according to a person in the know. This was convenient for both, the buyer and the seller.
The promoter had been advised by a tax expert that paying for expensive art through a company would help avoid tax scrutiny on that amount. The seller, on the other hand, showed only 20% of the actual income and paid tax on that.
Such maneuvers, however, will no longer escape taxation. From the next financial year, such deals will start coming under income tax scrutiny -- expensive paintings, antique jewellery, vintage cars, real estate or any other art bought by companies will now face income tax scrutiny and tax will be demanded if real price or fair value has not been paid on that.
“In certain cases, many individuals would form a company specifically or deal through their existing companies while buying expensive art and immovable properties, as these items were not treated as 'property' for the purpose of applicability of Section 56(2)(vii) (of the Income Tax Act). The existing provisions applicable to the companies were only for acquisition of shares and the tax department could not tax the difference between the fair value and the purchase cost, except in the case of acquisition of shares,” said Dilip Lakhani, senior tax expert, Lakhani & Co.LLP.
In this year's budget, the government has changed this provision and now even art bought through companies can be taxed. Industry trackers said the tax department can scrutinise and tax art bought at a lower price. The amendment in the recent budget has dealt with this loophole, they said.
The tax department is looking to rope in art valuers who could work out the market price of expensive art collections. To challenge the value of any art, the department will need an alternative view from a credible source.
“If the income tax department intends to challenge the valuation of art bought by companies, then credible valuers will have to be roped in who could opine on market price of such purchases. We see that many such purchases that were done at a price less than the perceived fair market value through companies will now have to be done at their fair market value,” said Amit Maheshwari, partner, Ashok Maheshwary & Associates LLP.
In another case, a businessman had contacted his tax advisor on whether his vintage cars could attract the attention of the tax department. Many such people with expensive hobbies are now worried that tax officials could be at their door to ascertain the current value of old purchases. This might just happen in the coming year or so, industry trackers said.
“'Value lies in the eye of the beholder' is apt for art where it's extremely difficult to arrive at the fair price for an art piece as the perceived value of an art differs from person to person. The rapid increase in value in some pieces of art is also likely to be questioned,” said Maheshwari.
Apart from art and vintage cars, commercial and real estate properties were also purchased through companies. Many companies that have huge real estate properties on their balance sheets, vis-a-vis their market capitalisation, could also see an intense scrutiny by the income tax department in the coming days, experts said.
Buying spectrum allows wireless carriers to build their networks and handle more customer traffic. Verizon reached an agreement in December to buy wireless spectrum from the cable companies for $3.6 billion. The carrier also made a separate agreement that would allow the cable companies to market Verizon services, and vice versa.
These agreements had already raised concerns among some politicians, who noted that Verizon and Comcast, in particular, would essentially be on the same team.
Photo
“These joint-marketing agreements will turn these rival companies into partners, rather than competitors,” Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, wrote in a letter to the commission this month. “I fear this will ultimately mean less competition, less choice, and higher prices for consumers.”
In some ways Verizon and the cable companies have agreed to stay out of each other's businesses, and the spectrum transfer does not raise the same antitrust concerns as the proposed merger between AT&T and T-Mobile, said Chetan Sharma, an independent telecom analyst. He said that the transfer would allow the wireless spectrum to be put in the hands of someone who needs it most: a cellphone carrier.
The cable companies bought the spectrum at an F.C.C. auction in 2006 with plans to possibly start a wireless business, but then never used it, said Mark A. Winther, a telecommunications analyst at IDC, a research firm. He said the wireless business was a bad fit for cable companies, which sell services like television and high-speed Internet to entire households, whereas mobile services are sold to individuals.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In its filing, T-Mobile warns that the spectrum transfer would limit the ability for competitors to build so-called fourth-generation LTE networks. But if the transfer were blocked, it is unclear whether T-Mobile would even be able to buy and use the spectrum. T-Mobile USA has not formally announced plans for LTE networks, and Deutsche Telekom, which owns T-Mobile USA, has shown a lack of interest in investing in the troubled carrier, Mr. Winther said.
In light of T-Mobile USA's uncertain future, the carrier's move against Verizon and the cable companies is an odd one, Mr. Winther said.
“It almost feels like, because they couldn't join up with AT&T, they're not going to let Verizon solve a spectrum problem,” he said. “It's a weird position.”
But Mr. Sharma said T-Mobile's petition may simply be a competitive move to keep Verizon, the stronger player in wireless, from becoming even stronger.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They want to keep their options open if they do go down the path of LTE,” he said.
Preparing to hunker down for the cooler months of the year means running through a checklist of everything we'll need to stay sane and alive. Included with the various foods and sundries is plenty of entertainment, a good chunk of which will undoubtedly be provided via streaming companies like Netflix. There's so much forthcoming programming that you'll need a guide (we've got you covered), and data—lots and lots of data. That's why, according to Gizmodo, Netflix is going to the mat for you (and itself) and asking the FCC to scrap data caps.
When the FCC reclassified internet usage as a public utility, it struck a major blow for net neutrality advocates, Netflix among them. But the ISPs weren't licked yet, and found various workarounds for their predicament. In addition to zero rating, there's the broadband data caps which Netflix has been vehemently opposed to for a while (when its CEO wasn't lauding Comcast for theirs, that is). It does have a vested interest, so the streaming giant and ersatz United Nations (190 countries and counting) has spoken out against the broadband data caps imposed by ISPs like Comcast—it deems them “an unnecessary constraint on advanced telecommunications capability.”
A data cap or allotment of 300 GB of data per month or higher is required just to meet the Internet television needs of an average American. This does not account for the other things that consumers typically do with their broadband connections, such as web-browsing or downloading games or apps from the Internet. An above average television watcher, a multi-occupant household, or a consumer wishing to watch in 4K requires a much higher cap or allotment. In this way, today's ‘above-average' Internet consumer is tomorrow's average Internet consumer.
Advertisement
Netflix's point that there's no way we can binge Luke Cage and also go online to pay our ISP and utility bills on the same data plan is a fair one, especially as 4K resolution increasingly becomes the standard. The document or “comment” it filed with the FCC isn't part of any legal proceeding, but something that the organization will probably take under advisement now that its plans for municipal broadband expansion have been stymied.
[Note: Gizmodo, like The A.V. Club, is owned by Univision Communications.]
A residential college at the Australian National University has banned students from playing Daddy Cool hit Eagle Rock at certain events in a bid to prevent an associated tradition in which male students join arms, encircle women and drop their pants.
ANU student and Burton and Garran Hall resident Emily Jones wrote an article on her Eagle Rock experience in university publication Woroni last year and, in a follow-up piece published this week, outlined the response.
Daddy Cool band members Wayne Duncan, Ross Wilson, Ross Hannaford and Gary Young. Credit:Simon Schluter
"I was told that it was all 'just a bit of fun' and that I was attacking a much-loved B&G 'tradition' that was central to college culture," she wrote.
"The backlash continued to escalate ... with some residents blasting the Eagle Rock song down the hallways in protest.
Is CTA Buses Disgusting and Dangerous, or Just Slow?
During recent budget hearings at City Hall, Chicago Department of Transportation commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld discussed why Mayor Rahm Emanuel's plan to add a 15-cent surcharge to ride-hailing trips next year, 20 cents by 2019, to help fund the CTA makes sense. Scheinfeld talked the need to reverse the trend of falling CTA bus ridership, exacerbated by the growth of service like Uber and Lyft by improving bus service to make the travel mode more appealing to customers, and she used colorful language to do so.
“We want [the CTA] to be the mode of choice so people don't feel like they have to … be that single occupancy vehicle stuck in that traffic,” Scheinfeld said, according to a report from the Sun-Times' Fran Spielman. “So, how do we make buses sexy? How do we make it something people can rely on to get to work on time, to get to school on time, to get to that doctor's appointment.”
Scheinfeld cited the $41 million Loop Link bus rapid corridor, with its (theoretically) car-free lanes, raised boarding platforms, and limited stops as an example of efforts to improve bus speed and reliability. The system seems to be resulting in modest improvements in travel times.
“We're learned a lot from Loop Link. It was a pretty bold move. It continues to show improvements in bus speeds,” Scheinfeld said. “But we're also looking at other corridors, and there's a whole spectrum of things we can do. It doesn't have to be something of such a magnitude.”
While a few years ago the city proposed building a more robust, center-running BRT system on Ashland Avenue from 95th to Irving Park, projecting that it would nearly double bus speeds, that plan was shelved after stiff opposition from some residents and merchants. Instead, CDOT has recently been implementing transit signal prioritization on Ashland and Western, with “smart” stoplights that shorten reds and extend greens to help buses run more efficiently.
In response to Scheinfeld's comments, Sun-Times columnist Mary Mitchell scoffed at the idea that bus service could ever be “sexy,” and portrayed riding the bus as a repellant and risky business. “How about this,” Mitchell wrote. “Try making sure buses are safe, clean, dependable and able to transport passengers with some degree of dignity.”
Although buses frequently pass by the building where Mitchell lives, she said she rarely rides them because “CTA can be, well, repugnant.” Having strangers' bodies inadvertently touching hers while she sits is “repulsive.” Hanging onto a strap while standing on a crowded bus, as well as having someone stand in front of you when you're seated, is “gross.”
Mitchell also argued that rules and laws are rarely enforced on buses, forcing passengers to put up with everything from loud phone conversations to solicitation to indecent exposure. She also noted that able-bodied riders don't always give up their seats to seniors and people with disabilities.
“But the biggest challenge CTA faces is the perception that public transportation is just not safe,” Mitchell wrote. She added that the number of serious crimes on the CTA rose by 16 percent between 2015 and 2016, with most of the cases involving thefts of items like cell phones.
“CTA is still the transport of last resort for many because we can't take all the drama,” Mitchell concluded. “Scheinfeld should forget about ‘sexy' — safety would do.”
“While crime does occasionally occur on CTA buses and trains—as it does anywhere else in the city—overall CTA is a very safe environment,” responded spokesman Brian Steele. “Crimes [of all types] in 2016 were actually lowest of any year since 2008, with about one serious crime on CTA per every quarter-million passenger trips.”
As for issues with passengers failing to follow CTA rules, Steele pointed to the agency's Courtesy Campaign, launched in 2105, featuring clever ads reminding customers to refrain from rude behavior like talking loudly on phones, placing bags on seats, playing loud music, and not yielding seats to those who need them. “Also, in fall 2016, CTA launched a ‘Rules of Conduct' campaign to highlight basic rules such as no soliciting, no littering, keeping feet off seats, etc.,” he said. “We also work with police and our K-9 security teams to enforce these rules.”
One has to accept the basic reality of big city transit – sharing sometimes-crowded public spaces with strangers – to be happy using the CTA. But Mitchell is correct that there's room for improvement on the system when in comes to safety, cleanliness, and courtesy. And it's true the perception and reality of how safe riding CTA buses is may vary depending on what route you're on.
However, it's likely that the biggest factors in falling CTA bus ridership are declining bus speeds due to increasing traffic congestion, and competition from new forms of transportation, especially ride-hailing, as detailed in the Active Transportation Alliance's new report on strategies to reverse the trend. As the study outlines, it is possible to make the bus a more attractive option via relatively inexpensive strategies to shorten travel times and improve reliability, including building many more miles of dedicated lanes with photo enforcement, adding more transit signal prioritization, and implementing prepaid, all-door boarding.
So far Chicago has only piloted these features. But if the city implements them in a bold manner, all across the city, the bus will finally become a speedy travel option, if not a sexy one.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
MSNBC's Alex Wagner called out the Right on their ‘disgraceful' abuse of Trayvon Martin's murder, saying that Nugent, Limbaugh, and Coulter exploited “the death of a child for partisan gain.”
Watch via Media Matters:
Wagner went through the Right's response, from Coulter tweeting, “Hallelujah” immediately after Zimmerman was acquitted of murdering an unarmed teenager, while Geraldo Rivera on Fox News suggested Trayvon Martin got what he deserved, “If you dress like a thug people are going to treat you like a thug.”
And Rush Limbaugh said the verdict was a win for conservatives, because liberals get everything else. It's an “interruption in a string of victory after victory”. Alex Wagner said Limbaugh was the first conservative to “put a killer's acquittal on par with historic progress, including passage of the nation's first healthcare law and the Supreme Court's decision on marriage equality.”
Wagner made an excellent point that Limbaugh demonstrated how to use the verdict as a button to press to create more division, “His killing and Zimmerman's exoneration have now officially joined the conservative arsenal as weapons to be deployed, buttons to be pressed, in service of division.”
Ted Nugent, “working from the very same playbook”, used the Zimmerman verdict to fan the flames of division and indict the President. Nugent accused the President of causing a surge of in “black racism”:
President Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder, et al, who then swept down on the Florida community refusing to admit that the 17-year-old dope smoking, racist gangsta wannabe Trayvon Martin was at all responsible for his bad decisions and standard modus operendi of always taking the violent route. With an obvious racist chip on his shoulder, referencing the neighborhood watch guy as a “creepy ass cracker” to his fellow racist female friend who admitted under oath that that is how non-blacks are referred to normally in their circles, Trayvon had no reason not to attack, because it was the standard thug thing to do. See Chicago any day of the week. With nearly 700 examples of this truism played out in Chicago in 2012 alone, no one can possibly dispute the recent surge in black racism increasing throughout Barack Obama's presidency. To attempt to claim otherwise is a laughable lie.
Contrary to Right wing claims, blacks can't be “racist” against whites in the same way as whites can be against blacks. Racism is a function of oppression (and a tool of the political elite, used to separate the masses- see the GOP). Racism can be defined as a belief in racial differences, which acts as a justification for non-equal treatment and results in oppression and discrimination. Since whites have not suffered systemic oppression at the hands of blacks, it's absurd, pathetic, and indicative of an agenda to claim “reverse racism”.
Anyone claiming “reverse racism” to be equal or worse than “racism” against blacks is the equivalent of a Holocaust denier. It was not too long ago that this country was engaged in the exceptionally shameful practices of theft and selling of human beings (Africans) for financial and economic gain. Only a professional whiner and a Holocaust denying hater would claim reverse racism. So it makes sense that the Right takes refuge in this despicable claim, since they see themselves as perpetual victims while at the same time espousing that only the strong survive and claiming slavery was “good” for “blacks”. The American Right is no better than the German Holocaust deniers — a hate crime in Germany, by the way.
Wagner finished off with a strong close, calling the right out on their disgraceful decision to exploit the death of a child, “To Nugent and Limbaugh and Coulter and the rest of the right flank that has made the decision to exploit the death of a child for partisan gain while claiming decency and honesty, these are not simply laughable lies, they are disgraceful ones.”
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is just another reason why MSNBC should have considered moving Alex Wagner to 8PM, if they weren't going to give us Melissa Harris Perry at 8PM.
Disgraceful, despicable, disgusting: That is the current Right wing.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
When I first started working at ByWater Solutions the company was in its infancy, and as such couldn't afford a full time employee, but that didn't stop them from hiring me. ByWater Solutions provides support, hosting, training, and development for the Koha open source integrated library system. Brendan Gallagher, the CEO at ByWater, was (and is) an active member of the Koha community, as I am.
So when Brendan wanted to hire me, he turned to the community to ask how they could help keep me employed in the Koha world, and Paul Poulain at BibLibre (a similar, more mature, company in France) stepped up and offered to co-sponsor my employment for that first year with the understanding that ByWater would allow me to spend work-time keeping the Koha manual up to date.
When Opensource.com said they wanted to do a series of articles on how having an open source job has changed us, this story came to mind. Can you think of any other industry that would do this kind of thing for a "competing" company? I can't! But then again BibLibre and ByWater aren't competitors, we see ourselves as partners. Everyone who works on or with Koha is a member of the worldwide community and as such works together toward a common goal: making Koha awesome.
I've said it here before, an open source project is only as strong as the community behind it, and so that's how my open source job shaped my view on the world. I talk to friends about their companies and am so confused by the lack of collaboration (both within and outside of the organization) I see. It all seems so stressful to remember that someone is your competitor and as such can't be shared with. I think this is also why it was such an easy transition for me to go from being a librarian (working in libraries) to working for a software company. In libraries it's all about sharing and openness already, if someone has a question you help them find the answer regardless of where they came from or who the work for.
I still live by that rule, and the great thing is that my employer does too.
My work and the fact that I have been lucky enough to find a full time job working with Koha has made it so that the entire non-open source world seems foreign to me. Collaboration and sharing and helping others are what it's all about for me in all areas of my life and work now. When talking about Koha to a group of libraries, someone inevitably mentions “competing” open source library systems like Evergreen, but the thing is even another open source product isn't “competition”—it's yet another potential partner. In fact, in the case of Evergreen, there already is a partnership in place with shared community members, support vendors, and code.
We can all learn from each other and in the end make it so that (in my world) all libraries are using an open source integrated library system!
View the complete collection of articles from Careers in Open Source Week.
A discussion between Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and Wall Street Journal Columnist Christopher Mims was recently released as an episode of the a16z Podcast, and a large chunk of the conversation focused on why Bitcoin is important and who will be the earliest adopters of the technology. One of the issues that Mims brought up during the conversation was that new products or services usually need to be much better than their competitors in order to be adopted rather rapidly. He explained:
“If something is painful -- if you solve a difficult, painful problem -- adoption will be very rapid. If you're merely better than something that's good, [then] adoption is going to be slow, and it can even be non-existent.”
This has become a rather contentious issue with Bitcoin supporters and critics over the past few years because it's not easy to figure out where the next stage of adoption will come from. Although many merchants have decided to accept Bitcoin payments over the past couple of years, the reality is most larger merchants still aren't thinking about the rounding error of savings that will be available to them by accepting digital cash.
Coinbase's Armstrong is very much aware of this point, and he sees adoption taking place based on pain points in the current financial system. He noted, “I kind of think of it as a spectrum of how frustrated people are with their current options.”
According to Armstrong, there are some people who are facing problems much worse than the 2 percent fees that merchants deal with in order to accept credit card payments. During the recent a16z Podcast, the Coinbase CEO was able to go into detail on the spectrum of financial pain points that Bitcoin could possibly solve over the next few decades.
Credit Cards are Not That Frustrating
To explain his view on the various points of pain that are solved by Bitcoin, Armstrong started with an area of commerce that is not too painful for merchants and consumers right now:
“If you think of it as a one to ten scale, one being the least frustrated, you have things like people swiping their credit card at Starbucks for coffee. It's very painless. Sure, the merchant has to pay 2 percent [or more], which is a bit frustrating for them, but not too bad.”
Armstrong also mentioned online credit card payments as a process that comes with a bit more friction than an in-store transaction:
“You go up the ladder a little bit. Maybe like a three or four on the scale is online shopping. You have to put your credit card in on a website. It's a little bit scary. You think it might get hacked like Target did. You have to type in sixteen characters, four for the date, five for the zip code, and three for the security code. It's kind of frustrating. They expire every couple of years. But still, not the end of the world right?”
Some International Remittances are Painful
If Bitcoin were only about disrupting credit card payments, then it's pretty clear that the technology would fizzle out rather quickly. For Bitcoin to succeed, entrepreneurs and developers need to attack the more painful areas of payments and money transfers that are causing serious issues for individuals in certain demographics. Coinbase's Armstrong mentioned international remittances as a more serious issue for some people:
“Now, if you go up the scale a little bit more, you have people who -- let's say I want to send $100 to my family in Mexico and it costs me $12. That's starting to be a little bit more of a pain point. Now maybe a six or a seven on the scale. And I'm starting to think that the pricing is predatory even or something very inefficient.”
Other International Remittances are Nearly Impossible
Of course, some issues in the international financial system are more serious than others. In a previous portion of the podcast, Christopher Mims told a story about a Greek citizen who withdrew 50,000 euros in cash before restrictions were placed on Greek bank accounts. The citizen then stored the cash in the back panel of his refrigerator. Armstrong expanded on these more serious pain points:
“You can keep going up that scale quite a bit further. To your point about the person in Greece withdrawing $50,000 in cash -- that's a good example. There's also people who are trying to remit money from the UK to Somalia, for example, and all of the banks have shut down that service. So literally people have resorted to flying suitcases of cash to Somalia, and you could argue they have a very high pain point there. Their next best alternative is very much dramatically worse.”
Sometimes Bitcoin is the Only Option
The most painful aspects of the current financial system are the parts that make certain kinds of payments impossible. Up to this point, this is where Bitcoin has shined brightest. Although Armstrong did not mention Silk Road by name, it's clear that the former darknet marketplace (and other illicit uses of Bitcoin) would be a perfect example of this point. Having said that, there are also places in the world where any kind of online commerce, legal or not, is not possible. Armstrong noted:
“At the top of that scale, you have things like people in the developing world who don't have any financial services whatsoever. The whole banking model doesn't really work in those demographics with like a checkbook and a bank branch on the corner . . . There are other examples of that too. If you're in Nigeria and you want to buy an iPhone, pretty much every website will reject you. If you're selling some sort of high-risk service, you're in the adult industry, or whatever -- people find themselves in very difficult situations to accept payments.”
After discussing the issues (or nonexistence) of digital payments in the developing world, Armstrong then turned to microtransactions. There are many applications, such as Bitmesh and Streamium, that are made possible through Bitcoin, and Armstrong expanded on this point during the discussion:
“You also have things like microtransactions, which just aren't possible in the existing financial ecosystem. Or if you want to build a global crowdfunding site or a prediction market or something like that where people all over the world -- without having to register -- can within a couple seconds put money into this thing or see it tip. It's like, literally the only way to build it is with Bitcoin. There is no next-best alternative, so you could argue those people have the highest pain point. And they're willing to tolerate the biggest usability challenges to get something, anything going.”
Finally, Brian Armstrong's closing remarks on this topic brought home the point that buying coffee with Bitcoin kind of misses the point of why the technology was created in the first place:
“Someday, if Bitcoin becomes more and more popular like we all think it will, then yes, even the Starbucks across the street will be accepting Bitcoin because they still don't want to pay 2 percent. They'd rather pay a fraction of 1 percent. But that's going to be the last group to adopt it.”
What do you think of Brian Armstrong's views - do you agree 100% with his points?
IBM's Vice President of Blockchain Jerry Cuomo has announced a new form of blockchain implementation labelled “shadowchain”. It is supposed to work alongside conventional systems instead of replacing them.
In a recent interview, Cuomo gives the example of IBM Global Financing (IGF), an organisation within the IBM ecosystem that offers financial solutions for all IBM products and services, provides financial analytics and works with a wide range of clients, from small businesses to the majority of the Fortune Global 100 companies. Currently, it takes up to 40 days to complete a lending process with a client due to the disputes that may occur. With the implementation of a blockchain, it will only take 10 days: the disputes will be resolved easily because the key moments of the process will be fixed in the blockchain. Naturally, releasing the money 30 days earlier might become a strong incentive for businesses, claims the engineer.
But the most important thing is that the blockchain will not replace the traditional procedure of lending, says Cuomo. Instead, it will improve it.
“No, I'm not suggesting the moonshot of immediately redoing our global financing, lending system on a blockchain. But we have now employed a shadow chain: my definition of shadowchain is it's not replacing the primary business process, it's being used to enrich that business process with a useful function that it currently doesn't do,” he said.
The system would have probably been already launched if IGF's partners had installed blockchain themselves. But so far the corporation is alone in its “shadowchain” effort and is still waiting for others to join.
At the same time, IBM is working on development projects that might produce blockchains capable of substituting some existing services altogether. This is, for example, Open Blockchain (OBC), the company's cutting edge permissioned blockchain, which allows participation with various degrees of confidentiality. The corporation also participates in the Hyperledger project, and it is going to deprecate OBC as soon as Hyperledger produces a single code base, claims the engineer.
The shadowchain model follows the trend of more and more customisable blockchains developed and investigated around the globe by many corporations, including IBM. One of the options for the company to disrupt the way exchanges work is to offer them various blockchain services a la carte, thus supplementing the existing trading system, wrote Cuomo on the IBM website.
IBM is showing a keen interest in the blockchain technology. The company took part in the recent hearing on digital currency and blockchain held by the Energy and Commerce committee of the US Congress, where the corporation was represented by Cuomo.
Andrew Levich
For part of its existence as an ancient temple, Stonehenge doubled as a substantial prehistoric art gallery, according to new evidence revealed yesterday.
A detailed laser-scan survey of the entire monument has discovered 72 previously unknown Early Bronze Age carvings chipped into five of the giant stones.
All of the newly discovered prehistoric art works are invisible to the naked eye – and have only come to light following a laser-scan survey which recorded literally billions of points micro-topographically on the surfaces of the monument's 83 surviving stones. In total, some 850 gigabytes of information was collected.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Detailed analysis of that data – carried out on behalf of English Heritage - found that images had been engraved on the stones, normally by removing the top 1-3 millimetres of weathered (darker coloured) rock, to produce different sized shapes. Of the 72 newly discovered images revealed through the data analysis, 71 portray Bronze Age axe-heads and one portrays a Bronze Age dagger.
Prior to the laser survey, 46 other carvings (also of axe-heads and daggers) were known or suspected at Stonehenge – mostly identified visually back in the 1950s. The laser-scan survey has now confirmed the existence of those other images and provided more details about them.
The 72 new ‘rock art' discoveries almost treble the number of carvings known at Stonehenge – and the monument's largely invisible art gallery now constitutes the largest single collection of prehistoric rock carvings in southern Britain. Although now largely invisible to the naked eye, back in the Early Bronze Age the images, composed of then-unweathered (and therefore lighter coloured) stone would have been clearly visible.
The revelations are likely to be of huge importance to archaeologists' understanding of a key part of Stonehenge's life as a prehistoric temple.
It's known that, when the main phase of the monument was initially built in the middle of the third millennium BC, it was designed primarily as a solar temple, aligned on the mid-winter and mid-summer solstices. But, as Stonehenge evolved over subsequent centuries, the extent to which other religious functions were added is not yet known.
Certainly, in the period 1800-1500 BC, vast numbers of individual monumental tombs were constructed in the landscape around Stonehenge and additional features (various circles of ritual pits) were laid out around the monument. The carved axe-heads and daggers also belong to this enigmatic period - and may signify some sort of expansion or change in the great stone circle's religious function.
In Indo-European tradition axe-heads were often associated with storm deities – and some surviving European folklore beliefs suggest that upwards-facing axe blades were used as magical talismans to protect crops, people and property against lightning and storm damage. It's potentially significant that every single one of the Stonehenge axe-head images have their blades pointing skywards, while the daggers point downwards. The axe-heads – the vast majority of the images – may therefore have been engraved as votive offerings to placate a storm deity and thus protect crops.
It may also be significant that the vast majority of the carvings either face a nearby set of tombs (from roughly the same period) – or the centre of Stonehenge itself. Rare evidence from elsewhere in Britain suggests that axe-head and dagger carvings could have funerary associations.
The laser-scan data shows that many of the axe-head images have exactly the same dimensions as up to half a dozen other images in the prehistoric Stonehenge ‘art gallery'. This in turn suggests that real axe-heads were being used as ‘stencils' to help produce the images. If that's the case, the largest axe-heads portrayed - up to 46 centimetres long – depict objects which were far bigger than archaeologists have ever found and which must have been for purely ceremonial or ritual use.
The laser-scan survey was carried out for English Heritage by a Derby-based survey company – the Greenhatch Group – last year. A subsidiary of York Archaeological Trust – ArcHeritage, also operating on behalf of English Heritage – then spent many months analysing and cataloguing the vast quantities of data.
“The new discoveries are of huge importance. They also demonstrate how emerging technologies can extract previously unsuspected and crucial information from a monument like Stonehenge,” said Marcus Abbott, Head of Geomatics and Visualization at ArcHeritage.
“As the previously invisible images started appearing on our computer screens, we stared in disbelief at the sheer quantity of carvings being revealed – and treble-checked all our data,” he added.
The survey and analysis has also yielded other new insights into Stonehenge. It's revealed, through an examination of how finely the stone surfaces were worked, that the entire prehistoric temple was constructed to be viewed primarily from the north-east. That's the side of the monument which is approached by what archaeologists have long believed to be a processional way, aligned with the solstices.
Because, it now seems that Stonehenge was built to be viewed from that direction, it suggests that some sort of religious procession made its way towards the monument, along that route, probably on mid-winter's and mid-summer's day.
Detailed analysis of the data also shows that one of the stones at the now ruinous south-west side of the monument was also very deliberately worked and shaped to allow a line of sight through to the setting sun on mid-winter's day. This, along with other new evidence, suggests that the south-west side of the monument was once fully functional – and will reduce support for those who have, up till now, argued that Stonehenge was never completed. The implication therefore is that at some stage in its history there was a deliberate attempt at its destruction.
Particularly puzzling is the laser survey discovery that the prehistoric stone masons, who helped create Stonehenge, used two different stone-working techniques. The stone-dressing work on the monument's great circle (both uprights and lintels) was accomplished by working parallel to the long sides of the stones, while the five stone ‘trilithons' (the great horse-shoe arrangement of linteled stones) within the great circle were dressed by working at right-angles to the sides of the stones.
This previously unknown fact – revealed by the laser scan operation – suggests that the great ‘trilithons' may have been constructed slightly before the great circle rather than being contemporary with it.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Have I mentioned we love this show? I marathoned most of the first season after a friend showed me an episode, and just before Christmas we decided Naga should be a 'for fun' project. Since then things got a little bit more complex than we originally intended (all that tack for instance!), but she's finally done!She's a big girl, almost two feet long (about 22"), and roughly 9.5" high; big enough that she'd be a proportionate mount for some of the smaller ball joint dolls. She's a one of a kind; this is an original sculpt/pattern and not a cast. There won't be any casts, sorry! She's sewn using a variety of plush ice white furs, and painted to match. Her plastic joints make her poseable, with a realistic range of movement, and able to hold a pose beautifully. Her tack is handmade as well, using walnut dyed leather, nickle hardware and sewn felt. It can be removed via two clips; one at the girth, and one for the breast collar.Thanks so much Lauren!
A small McDonald's Shamrock Shake will set you back 460 calories and 64 grams of sugar! Do your health a favor, and make your own delicious and healthy shamrock shake at home.
The popular McDonald's Shamrock Shakes are back again.
And although they might taste good for the few minutes they last, even the smallest-sized milkshake is full of empty calories and sugar, chemicals, additives, and potentially dangerous food dyes. So here is a recipe for how to make your own healthy shamrock shake at home.
While I've always believed indulging in unhealthy food every once in a while is fine, I've also never been big on moderation… if I enjoy something, I want it all the time! With these healthy shamrock shakes, you don't have to drink them in moderation. The recipe takes less than five minutes to make, uses natural ingredients to get that green hue, and it has NO refined sugar whatsoever.
Think of how much sugar you're saving by drinking ZERO grams of refined sugar instead of 64… This healthy shamrock shake recipe is also way under 460 calories!
And if you're a chocoholic, I also have a Chocolate Shamrock Shake Recipe.
What's your favorite milkshake flavor?
Mine's always been mint chocolate chip. Although I do love the flavor, it's the vibrant green color that enthralls me more than anything else. Those gorgeously green Shamrock Shakes from McDonald's or the bright mint chocolate chip milkshakes from Baskin Robbins… It goes back to when I was three years old and loved anything blue. Since our local Baskin Robbins didn't make blue ice cream at the time, mint chocolate chip was the next best choice.
I went through a phase in middle school where I'd drink a Baskin Robbins mint chocolate chip milkshake every single day after school. And now? Well now it's been over seven years since I first came up with this vegan and healthy shamrock shake recipe, and yet here I am still making them for myself at least once a week! While they don't taste exactly like a McDonald's thick shake (although if you use canned coconut milk, they are surprisingly milkshake-like), I actually like these even better, because they don't give you the lethargic consumed-too-much-sugar feeling when you're done.
Feel free to use your favorite milk of choice here – sometimes I use coconut milk for a more decadent shake, but more often I will use cashewmilk or almond milk. Lately when I've been making them, I haven't bothered to turn them green, and the white ones are still just as good–although admittedly not as fun!
Healthy Shamrock Shake
See the following link for a Banana-Free Shamrock Shake
Healthy Shamrock Shake Recipe Total Time: 5m Yield: 1 serving Print This Recipe 4.75/5 4.75 / 5 8 Ingredients 1 overripe large frozen banana
cacao nibs or chocolate chips, as desired
1/8 tsp to 1/4 tsp pure peppermint extract (I like 1/4 tsp)
1 cup milk of choice
optional, 1/4 cup frozen spinach
optional, I usually add scant 1/8 tsp salt to bring out the flavor Instructions *If you can't get on board with the greens-in-smoothies thing, you can opt for green food coloring or just drink a white peppermint shake (which is just as delicious). Or add a pinch of spirulina! Feel free to use your favorite milk of choice. Coconut milk will give it a rich milkshake-like taste, but I also really love the lighter results of using cashewmilk or almond milk. To make the shake: Blend all ingredients in a blender until completely smooth. Make sure the banana you use is at least somewhat brown, so you don't get that unripe earthy banana flavor in your mint chocolate shake! You can add the chocolate chips either before or after blending. Be sure to use pure peppermint extract, not imitation. View Nutrition Facts
Trending Right Now:
Here's What I Eat In A Day
Vegan Cheese Sauce
The Ultimate Unbaked Brownies
More About The Cookbook
4.75/5 (8) 4.75 / 5 8
The Conficker worm has yet to eclipse Storm in terms of the total amount of chaos it created at any one time, but the botnet is proving annoyingly hard to kill. What began as an infection that took advantage of a handful of businesses with extremely slow patch validation cycles has become (and maintained itself) as a significant threat.
This has undoubtedly caused much wailing and gnashing of teeth within the halls of Microsoft itself; the company released a security update to resolve the flaw Conficker relies upon (MS08-67) in October, well before Conficker itself appeared. security researchers have examined how Conficker phones home for updates and have determined that at least four legitimate domains are going to be targeted by thousands of botnet systems requesting instructions in the weeks ahead.
Mike Wood, at Sophos, was able to determine which domains would be targeted thanks to F-Secure's earlier work on cracking Conficker's random domain-name generator. With that information in hand, Wood searched the 7,750 domains Conficker will attempt to contact in March, checking for evidence that one or more of them might correspond to a legitimate business. After limiting his search to those domains that correspond with an active IP address and then applying further filters, Wood ended up with a list of 28 individual domains.
"Of those 28 domains, the vast majority are names currently up for sale which the registrar conveniently resolves to their main page suggesting that you buy it. One interesting domain up for sale is yakiimo.com—the owners are asking a cool �3,880 for it—not sure yet if being one of the March 20th 2009 Conficker domains will increase or decrease its value."
Sites in the path of danger include jogli.com (Big Web Great Music, March 8), wnsux.com (Southwest Airlines, March 13), qhflh.com (Women's Net in Qinghai Province, March 18), and praat.org (Praat: doing phoenetics by computer, March 31). There are several ways Conficker's upcoming bludgeon of traffic could be diverted or stopped; Wood's blog entry gives some details on these. In closing he speculates on whether or not surviving a Conficker attack will one day be viewed as a network badge of honor, but notes: "I'm glad sophos.com did not make the list."
When Conficker first poked its head into the wild, we raised the question of whether it was time for forced updates; unilateral deployment of MS08-67 would have stopped Conficker dead in the water. For whatever reason, a handful of businesses neglected to patch and as a result, Conficker is bouncing merrily around wreaking havoc. It's tempting to blame these slow-patching businesses, but there's no evidence to suggest the companies in question weren't on the ball—there are times when a department's own established best practices or the need to guarantee 100% uptime make it impractical to patch as soon as a fix is delivered.
Knowing what addresses Conficker-infected systems will contact for additional instructions has proven to be a boon for the white hats attempting to shut the botnet down—hopefully the advance warning individuals like Wood have provided here will minimize any future damage.
TWO days after the alleged chemical attack on the Damascus suburbs of Eastern Ghouta, chemical-weapons experts are dissecting amateur footage to determine exactly what might have caused the deaths of so many hundreds of Syrians. All agree this time, unlike in past alleged attacks, that the number of victims and the lack of marks from physical wounds on their bodies point to some form of chemical poisoning. But they are puzzled that the symptoms—insofar as they are visible from the videos—do not exactly correspond to any particular known substance, including the large quantities of mustard gas, sarin and VX which President Bashar Assad is thought to have at his disposal. “It is beyond doubt that something has made a lot of people ill and killed them,” says Dan Kaszeta, a chemical and biological expert who now runs Strongpoint Security, a defence consultancy. “But there is no obvious agent.”
The gamut of possible chemical weapons includes blister agents such as mustard gas, blood agents known as cyanogens, choking agents like chlorine or phosgene, and nerve agents such as sarin and VX. The first three can probably be ruled out in this case, reckons Michael Elleman, a Bahrain-based senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, because the footage shows no evidence of blistering, or the blue tinge of skin brought on by blood agents, and the speed of death of many of the victims was faster than would be the case had choking agents been used. The latter are also very smelly, and no witness reported a terrible stench. Many observers have concluded that the likely culprit was a nerve gas. Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, a former commander of British chemical and biological counter-terrorism forces, believes that "in the main" that is what the symptoms suggest. But Mr Elleman says that given that these agents cause loss of muscle control, he would have expected to see more urination and defecation by victims. Jean-Paul Sanders, a French chemicals expert, has written that he would have also anticipated more convulsions in the case of a nerve agent.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
So what was used? Some contend that a toxic industrial chemical may have been deployed. But Mr Elleman has another theory: “I think there is a reasonable possibility that a nerve agent past its shelf life was used,” he says. “That would explain why the symptoms do not match exactly.” As an example, he cites Iraqi stores of VX gas—a very toxic substance but which the Iraqis struggled to make in a pure form, meaning it only lasted six months, after which it became less poisonous. Mr Elleman says it is possible that a degraded nerve agent could cause its victims to exhibit fewer of the usual symptoms and still die just as quickly.
The August 21st attack appears to have been rendered more deadly by Syrians' attempts to flee the bombardment. As a doctor in Jobar, an area of Eastern Ghouta, explains, many hid in basements. But because chemical agents are heavier than air they sink to lower-lying areas, where there is in addition little ventilation.
If UN weapons inspectors, already in Damascus to investigate three alleged past instances of chemical attacks, are allowed access to the site of the latest incident, the mystery could quickly be solved. But that seems unlikely for now. In the meantime, the laborious effort to piece together a picture from the outside continues.
A Florida sheriff's deputy was suspended Thursday after he brought iced tea and skittles to his place of work at the Florida County Jail.
Chris Wood was apparently trying to make a point about dividing professional and personal opinions in the workplace, but his superiors didn't think his gesture was appropriate at all.
Chris Wood was given a written reprimand and is also ordered to attend sensitivity and interpersonal training.
“‘His delivery of that message was completely insensitive to not only the people in the room, and the things that were going on in our community, and our society, at that point, and that's what stimulated us looking at it,” Brevard County Sheriff Wayne Ivey said.
Chris Wood realized what he did was offensive and apologized to his colleagues.
“Deputy Wood obviously underestimated the depth and varying personal opinions of his coworkers and now realizes that his message and delivery was poorly constructed and inappropriate,” Ivey said.
Skittles and iced tea have become very symbolic in the trial of George Zimmerman. Trayvon Martin carried these two items when he was shot while walking home in February 2012.
Many people were outraged when Zimmerman was found not guilty last week. Rallies have even been held across the country as activists begged authorities to pursue civil rights charges against Zimmerman.
The rallies were organized by the Rev. Al Sharpton's National Action Network and took place in several different cities including Los Angeles, New York and Miami.
Cincinnati resident Chris Donegan said that the Zimmerman trial was very personal to her. “Anybody who is black with kids, Trayvon Martin became our son.”
Shantescia Hill participated in a rally in Miami and held up a sign that read “Every person deserves a safe walk home.” She said that she was at the rally because her children can't walk on the streets without being scared for their lives.
Do you think the Florida sheriff's deputy deserved to be suspended?
[Image via Shuttershock]
There has been an incredible surge in interest of the three cyptrocurrencies – with a 4,287 per cent increase in searches for litecoin in 2017, statistics from Hitwise Monitor show.
Ethereum, litecoin and bitcoin have seen an explosion of interest this year as their prices have soared.
It analyses the online behaviour of 3 million Britons, using the likes of Google, Bing, and app data. Bitcoin has seen an 819 per cent rise in interest and ethereum 2,371 per cent.
The increase in searches for the cryptocurrencies on the internet are still dwarfed by the percentage growth of each online currency.
The value of both ethereum and litecoin have risen around 7,000 per cent since January to $730 and $321 a coin respectively, while bitcoin – the most familiar of the bunch – is up more than 2,000 per cent to a huge $19,000 a coin.
Bitcoin was created in January 2009, litecoin October 2011 and ethereum July 2015.
The data also shows that the number of people searching for bitcoin has increased 120.3 per cent in the last month – and the price has doubled in three weeks.
Ethereum searches are up 110.2 per cent and litecoin 199.5 per cent.
LIFESTYLE, / By Sta
Ljubljana - The number of brown bears in Slovenia rose by a third to around 550 in 2007-2015, according to a survey conducted as part of the Life Dinalp Bear project. While the number of sightings has also been growing recently, there was no surge in damage or conflicts with the beast.
According to the head of the research, Tomaž Skrbinšek, the study indicates that the number of bears stands between 533 and 598.
In the survey, bears were monitored and counted based on their DNA found in their excrements, hair or saliva.
The area scanned was larger than in 2007, and also included Croatia. Between September and December 2015, 4,700 samples were taken on 19,000 square kilometres.
A total of 2,500 people took part in the project, including foresters and hunters.
The study is still ongoing, as the figures about the population of bear in Croatia are still being processed.
Recent hike in bear sightings has also spurred a debate in the public about how to manage the numbers of the protected beast.
According to Damjan Oražem of the Slovenian Forest Service, the goal of the project is to help find the best model to manage the bear population in the future.
"We as society have to decide with how many bears we can live. We can bring down their number or people can increase their tolerance," Skrbinšek said.
The Forest Service envisages the removal of 108 bears from their natural habitat in the future, 88 of which would be killed. Given the new data, this figure is now likely to rise to some 150 removals.
The project coordinator, Rok Černe, said the goal was to reduce the number of conflicts with bears. He pointed to various measures such as preventing bears access to human food, including by building bear-safe composts and fences.
Bears, one of the three great beasts living in Slovenia aside from wolf and lynx, are becoming a major attraction as tourists come to Slovenia from around the world to go on photo hunts in hope of sighting the animal in its natural habitat.
Skrbinšek believes that with the right kind of strategy bear could turn into an economic asset rather being perceived as a disturbance. "It would not be bad to set the rules from tourism in this field in the way that would not harm the bear," he said.
Back in 2014, before Hillary Clinton even decided to run for President, Robby Mook's emails were leaked and subsequently the “Mook Mafia” email group was exposed “Crushing it mafia style” “The Mafia never separates” right Mr. Mook?
Now Wikileaks and DCLeaks have both confirmed that the Clinton Campaign had used their mutual lawyer to relay illegal communication and funds with David Brock's Super PAC such donations are prohibited by federal law, according to a complaint filed Thursday by The Campaign Legal Center, a watchdog group. The Campaign Legal Center alleges “Correct the Record” contributed nearly $6 million in donations to the Clinton campaign.
“can we communicate with Brock about getting a copy of this Clinton Cash book? We need it very urgently if possible.” Robby Mook, said. Wikileaks tweeted out the email that proves that what DCLeaks is also saying is true that Hillary Clinton's campaign manager had communication with David Brock.
David Brock runs Clinton's social media troll team he founded “Correct the Record” in 2015 . Brock's PAC pledged $1 million to “push back” against users posting negative comments about Hillary Clinton on social media networks. While Mook runs Hillary's media arm it's been revealed by DCLeaks that Mook coordinated with Bloomberg reporter Jen Epstein to smear Sanders.
Last April, Brock publicly announced that his “Barrier Breakers” project had “addressed more than 5,000 people that have personally attacked Hillary Clinton on Twitter.” In other-words shilling for Hillary Clinton. This is why Robby Mook, said “We need it very urgently if possible” To Marc, Clinton's lawyer an intermediary between Mook and Brock. Robby Mook was worried about the Clinton Cash book that has since been turned into a documentary exposes the Clinton's several lucrative deals over the past few years alone which I took the liberty to document it all for you to see Clinton Cash isn't a right wing conspiracy against the Clintons it's a pattern of criminal deals and money passed around like hot cakes.
Hillary Clinton wasn't the only one who was mentioned in the lawsuit Trump was mentioned as well with the Campaign Legal Center demanding that the “FEC (Federal Elections Commission)
investigate both campaigns funding and coordination with Super PACs in violation of the law.“
“We have been forced to file these complaints because a dysfunctional FEC has been sitting idly by as the campaigns of the presidential candidate of both major parties are involved in unprecedented coordination with super PACs in violation of the law,” ~Larry Noble, said, general counsel for the Campaign Legal Center.
“The CLC's complaint alleges Correct the Record has made $5.95 million in in-kind contributions in the form of coordinated expenditures that were accepted by the Clinton campaign. The complaint alleges such contributions violate the Federal Election Campaign Act (“FECA”), 52 U.S.C. § 30101, et seq., and Commission regulations.” Lawnewz.com wrote.
This information could end Hillary Clinton's campaign if it goes viral and enough people see the emails between Robby Mook and the rest of the “Mook Mafia.” We will keep you up to date on Wikileaks and DCLeaks further leaks leading up to the 2016 Presidential election. Mook is also connected to Terry McAuliffe's who is also under investigation by the FBI and is the individual that triggered the investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
Cyclists who have been killed or injured on London's roads were remembered during a tour of the 10 most dangerous junctions
A cycling sight-seeing tour with a difference took place on Saturday, taking in London's 10 most dangerous junctions for cyclists. The ride - originally conceived by Cyclists in the City blog as a fact-finding mission with a few friends - struck a resonant chord with readers and campaigners. Word spread quickly, and ultimately several hundred London cyclists participated in the "Tour du danger".
As one of the organisers of the tour I was overwhelmed by the response, and the stories of many of the participants. A woman who lived near Elephant and Castle roundabout told me she would never usually dare cycle there.
People brought their children, and we had pensioners cycling with us through some of London's most complicated and terrifying road schemes. It's not everyday you see bakfiets full of kids being pedalled around Hyde Park Corner.
And this seemed to be the point of the ride for many participants. As I told the crowd at the start of the ride:
"None of us should have to fight to make our way to work. None of us should feel afraid taking our children to school, whether that's by foot or by bicycle. Designing public spaces which exclude people on the basis of their ability - that is to say those of us who aren't able to cycle like Mark Cavendish around the Elephant and Castle roundabout - is designing in danger, and designing in inequality. Personally, I find that unacceptable. This week, Boris Johnson, mayor of London, said he thought the Elephant and Castle roundabout was perfectly negotiable by bike so long as you kept your wits about you. I do not believe that the 89 cyclists who have been killed or seriously injured in the past two years on this junction did not keep their wits about them. I believe that these places are inherently dangerous, and it is negligent in the extreme not to act and ensure that these urban spaces are remedied as urgently as possible."
Those who have been killed or seriously injured were at the forefront of the riders' minds as we wound our way through London's most dangerous junctions. Three cyclists have been killed in the capital in the past four weeks; two of them on Bow roundabout where one of Johnson's "cycling superhighways" recently opened. The latest death involved a 34-year-old woman killed in a collision with an HGV on Friday night. Fifteen cyclists have lost their lives on London's roads so far this year.
The London Cycling Campaign is vehemently calling for an urgent redesign of the Bow roundabout - the primary route to the London 2012 Olympics for cycling spectators - and are furious that their warnings about the cycle superhighway, issued in February, were ignored by Transport for London (TfL). Attempts by the local London assembly member, John Biggs, to have pedestrian crossings introduced at Bow, were rebuked because they would cause traffic delays.
Bow is just one of many blackspots where official warnings have been issued and ignored. A proposal to turn Elephant & Castle in to a slower, safer pedestrian peninsula was rejected by TfL on the grounds that it would "slow down traffic too much". At King's Cross, where 24-year-old fashion student Min Joo Lee was killed recently, TfL had been in receipt of a report since 2008 which warned that the design of the junction encouraged traffic to act in an aggressive manner and that fatalities were "inevitable". Cyclist fatalities in Camden and Clapham (Paula Jurek and Johannah Bailey respectively) were also preceded by warnings that the junctions where the crashes took place were dangerous to vulnerable road users.
Despite rider numbers massively increasing in inner London in recent years, and very welcome efforts to improve the safety record of HGV operators – as well as increased cycling budgets, more cycle training and increased marketing of riding a bike as a viable means of transport – Saturday's ride comes after a summer of bicycle protests in the city. A series of "flashrides" have been held on Blackfriars Bridge, where plans to increase the speed limit, rip out cycle lanes and increase the traffic lanes from two to three each way (on a road where cyclists make up the majority of traffic at peak times) were met with anger and dismay; the most recent demonstration attracted upwards of 2,500 cyclists.
London cyclists have united at these events to make it clear that keeping Londoners safe, and encouraging more of them to feel comfortable riding, is not just a question of cycle training, cycle awareness campaigns or indeed copious splashes of blue paint. Instead, physical interventions and a review of the way in which our major intersections are designed is needed. That couldn't be more clear from the 10 most dangerous junctions ride. As one man exclaimed to me - his little son perched on a handlebar seat - as we rode through Vauxhall Cross gyratory: "Ride here? With my kids?! With nothing but a helmet and paint to keep me safe? Do you think I'm mad?!". The cyclists are revolting indeed.
Here are London's 10 most dangerous junctions for cyclists, as defined by TfL, based on killed and seriously injured statistics 2008-10:
1. Clapham Road/ Kennington Park Road/ Camberwell Road Junction
2. St. George's Road/London Road/ Elephant & Castle Junction Southwark (E&C)
3. Elephant & Castle/Newington Butts Roundabout (E&C)
4. Albert Embankment/Kennington Lane/ Wandsworth Road Junction (Vauxhall Cross)
5. Millbank/Lambeth Bridge Junction (Lambeth Bridge)
6. Hyde Park Corner Westminster
7. Strand/Northumberland Avenue/Whitehall Junction (Trafalgar Square)
8. Waterloo Road/ Stamford St/ York Road Junction (Waterloo Circus)
9. Clerkenwell Road/Farringdon Road Junction (via Kings Cross)
10. Mansion House St/Princes St/ Threadneedle St
Would you hold a #tourdudanger where you live? Are known accident blackspots holding back cycling rates in your home town?
• Mark Ames runs the ibikelondon blog
On Wednesday, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas addressed the Organization of Islamic Cooperation at a summit in Turkey. Understandably, Abbas condemned the Trump administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and reiterated Palestinian claims to the city. But then the Palestinian leader ventured into far more disturbing territory: instead of simply assailing the political policies of the United States and Israel, he began to assail Jews. Almost as an aside, Abbas declared:
I don't want to discuss religion or history because they are really excellent in faking and counterfeiting history and religion. But if we read the Torah it says that the Canaanites were there before the time of our prophet Abraham and their existence continued since that time—this is in the Torah itself. But if they would like to fake this history, they are really masters in this and it is mentioned in the holy Qur'an they fabricate truth and they try to do that and they believe in that but we have been there in this location for thousands of years. (emphasis added)
Typically, Abbas presents his critiques of Israel as anti-Zionist rather than anti-Jewish. But of course, the Qur'an does not mention Zionists or Zionism—a modern political movement. It mentions Jews. Thus, according to Abbas, it is Jews who are “really excellent in faking and counterfeiting history and religion,” who “fabricate truth,” and who “are really masters in this.” Ironically, in this passage, Abbas was attempting to argue that the modern Palestinian people are actually descended from the biblical Canaanites, a dubious claim with little evidence to support it. Thus, he accused Jews of being fabricators of history while engaging in the same.
This is far from the first time the Palestinian president has dabbled in anti-Semitic invective. As has been previously reported:
Infamously, the Palestinian president's 1982 doctoral dissertation denies the Holocaust, claiming that the number of Jews murdered has been exaggerated. (He posits one million as a more reasonable estimate.) Moreover, the entire genocide, argues Abbas, was in fact perpetrated by the Nazis in collaboration with the Zionists, whom he dubs the Third Reich's “basic partner in crime.” Thus, while admitting that the Holocaust did technically transpire, he nonetheless manages to blame the Jews for it. To this day, the PhD is featured among Abbas's other publications on his official web site, and he has reaffirmed its contents in interviews with Middle Eastern media. Abbas has not only denied the Jewish genocide, he has falsely accused the Jewish state of perpetrating genocide. In September 2014, addressing the United Nations General Assembly, Abbas proclaimed that it was “a year of a new war of genocide perpetrated against the Palestinian people.” In fact, the Palestinian populations in the West Bank, Gaza, and Israel have actually skyrocketed since Israel's founding in 1948—as Palestinian media and Abbas's own government Bureau of Statistics regularly celebrate.
In June 2016, Abbas had a similar mask-slipping moment when he addressed the E.U. parliament and went on a tangent about how Israeli rabbis had called to poison Palestinian water. As Reuters reported at the time, this “appeared to be an invocation of a widely debunked media report that recalled a medieval anti-Semitic libel.” During the Middle Ages, Jews were regularly accused of poisoning Europe's wells, most notoriously during the Black Death. Such slanders frequently led to the murder of Jews, and have resurfaced to the present day. Following an international outcry, Abbas was forced to walk back his bigoted claim. Admitting it was false, he said that he “didn't intend to do harm to Judaism or to offend Jewish people.”
It remains a mystery, then, why he keeps doing it.
Previous: Abbas Tells EU Parliament that Israeli Rabbis Called to Poison Palestinian Water
Mahmoud Abbas: Still a Holocaust Denier
Yair Rosenberg is a senior writer at Tablet. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.
404 | Views: 93009 || back | random | next POWN Flash Loop| Views: 93009 || Add tag
Embed this Flash Loop: Send per mail Post on forum (BBcode): Pown your friends: You pwned 0 Anons. 404, anime, boobs, chuj_kurwa_perkelo, girls, GOD_IS_DEAD, Pokémon, rocket, rzepak, She-male!, team, tits
write comment
rafifax @ 2014-07-23 03:12 last and rule 63 powa
Anonymous @ 2012-08-13 01:09 Song : Bill Kaulitz-shut up and come...!
Anonymous @ 2012-07-15 01:11 Brofist!
Anonymous @ 2012-02-10 16:30 seems like james is having fun...
Anonymous @ 2011-12-20 01:13 Sometimes you get 404, sometimes 503. Wo
orld is cruel.
Anonymous @ 2011-12-19 01:03 My penis is confused :(<br />
Zk_Zell of the LOTD @ 2011-10-20 23:19
Anonymous @ 2011-09-14 21:09 error 404 tits not found
fuck @ 2011-08-26 22:13 id Fuck :/
flash4T @ 2011-06-02 21:41 404 EPIC !!! :-D
Anonymous @ 2011-04-30 16:57 ROFL 404
Global Piece @ 2011-03-01 22:02 james got some epic tits. in germany, th
his episode doesnt exist...
Anonymous @ 2011-02-28 00:44 Thats actually a male, so he's boobs doe
esn't actually exist! 4chans 404 theory
is true!
Anonymous @ 2011-01-21 20:54 404 her boobs does not exist
Xobb @ 2011-01-05 05:49 ------------404------------
This epis
sode does not exist.
Zk_Zell off LOTD @ 2010-12-19 17:29 xD hahahaha i cant stopp laughting xD
Anonymous @ 2010-10-24 06:03 IT'S A TRAP!!!
Inferno @ 2010-10-04 14:46 i belive the episode was banned.. and th
hat he just pulled this string and they
expanded o.o ..
Anonymous @ 2010-09-20 00:22 i still dont get how he got those so fas
st? and why in a Pokémon show?
Inferno @ 2010-09-10 21:48 where is the pown? i did not find D:
Two students and a driver managed to escape after a Drexel University bus caught fire in Center City Friday night. (Published Saturday, Jan. 24, 2015)
Two students and a driver escaped after a Drexel University bus caught fire in Center City Friday night.
The bus was at the corner of Market and South Juniper streets around 10:30 p.m. when the front of the vehicle burst into flames. The driver and two students who were on the bus at the time managed to get out unharmed.
“The fire went on for about 30 to 45 minutes before police and fire officials arrived on scene,” said 21-year-old Pete Zaleski, who witnessed and recorded the fire. "No one was injured but it left molten plastic and broken glass all over the street along with the smoke filling the entire block in the smell of burning plastic rubber."
Firefighters later arrived at the scene and put the fire under control.
Officials have not yet revealed the cause of the fire. They continue to investigate.
GEORGE Rose is dreading another pre-season.
At 32, the St George Illawarra forward is facing the biggest decision of his career — whether to play another year or hang up his boots.
Physically Rose's body is fine.
His 116 kilo frame has held up well even after 12 years of NRL.
The sticking point will be whether Rose can mentally prepare to go through another gruelling pre-season.
This week on the Market Watch podcast Robbie Farah's manager Sam Ayoub and Bulldogs CEO Raelene Castle join Brett Kimmorley and the boys to talk Farah, the Tigers and some big news on Canterbury young guns.
With the Dragons' finals hopes over after a thrilling one-point loss to Canterbury last week, Rose opened up to foxsports.com.au about what the future holds for the cult hero.
“I've been thinking about it for the last 18 months,” Rose said of his career.
“I haven't locked in a decision.
“I'll see how the head and body is this week and go from there.
“I'm getting a little bit older. The body's alright. I dread to think about a pre-season. I know all the boys are thinking about it and to not have that in my mind is a good thing.”
In 2016 the NRL will reduce their interchange from 10 to eight.
It's a move many experts say won't affect the game but Rose disagrees.
George Rose fighting off Knights defenders. Source: News Corp Australia
The Bathurst junior admits the rule change will not only change the way he plays but alter his body should he opt to continue his professional career.
“I definitely couldn't play the way I did this year with the change in interchange,” he admitted.
“I'd definitely play about 10 kilos lighter just for the teams sake than my own preference.
“I still have the love for footy so I'll see what happens over the coming month.”
In the short term, Rose is focused on resting his right arm.
The former Rooster, Sea Eagle and Storm prop had been playing the last four weeks with a torn bicep he injured playing NSW Cup for Illawarra.
“I was having a little touch up game of reserve grade because I hadn't played in 10 weeks,” he said.
“I got out there and tore my bicep in the first five minutes. It's still torn but they said if I rest it for the next four weeks or so before the (Koori) knockout it should be pretty good.
“I've done the short head which is less important and if you rupture it, you just leave it.
“Every tackle was killing me. It must have been just tearing that little bit more every time.”
While Saturday's golden point loss left the players feeling proud of their performance, Rose was quick to applaud his teammates for their effort all season.
Rose said there has been a serious change in culture over the past 12 months driven by Paul McGregor and his coaching staff with their biggest change coming from their forwards.
George Rose of the Dragons on the charge. Source: News Corp Australia
“From the things I heard how it was before I came, it's been a complete turnaround,” he said.
“From what I've heard there was a lot of talk about the forwards within the club that the forward pack wasn't a damaging pack in the past.
“It was something that was talked about during the start of the year.
“Everyone decided to put their hand up and prove we can be a great pack and match it with the best. Throughout the season the boys did prove that.
“The only way is up for these guys.
“I look forward to supporting them in the future.”
Evidence mounts that the Chinese government is mightily annoyed with its volatile North Korean ally. Long gone are the days when Chinese officials invariably described the relationship between their country and North Korea as being “as close as lips and teeth.” In a new article in China-U.S. Focus, I show how the chill in the bilateral relationship has been growing for years and has now reached unprecedented levels. A stark indication was Chinese President Xi Jinping's recent state visit to South Korea, which became a blatant snub to Pyongyang. Xi did not even bother to stop in the North Korean capital either before or after his summit meeting with South Korean President Park Geun-hye.
The main reason for Beijing's annoyance has been North Korea's repeated defiance of China's warnings not to conduct nuclear tests or missile tests. Both Kim Jong-un and his father and predecessor as North Korea's supreme leader, Kim Jong-il, ostentatiously ignored Beijing's admonitions that such conduct was provocative and disruptive. Xi's courtship of Seoul sends a new warning to Pyongyang that there may be a high price to pay for such defiance.
It also creates an ideal opportunity for the United States to see whether, for the right price, Chinese leaders might be willing to dump North Korea and treat South Korea as its future partner on the Peninsula. Clearly, that would require an even more drastic shift in China's policy than what has occurred so far. It also would require Washington to make an equally drastic policy change. The core of any deal would be a willingness to withdraw all U.S. forces from the Korean Peninsula and phase-out the defense treaty with Seoul, if Beijing agreed to end its support of North Korea and facilitate Korean unification. Since Washington's alliance with South Korea is a relic of the Cold War, when Seoul was incapable of providing for its own defense and both Beijing and Moscow firmly backed North Korea militarily, such a concession would not come at the expense of crucial U.S. interests. Today, Seoul has more than enough financial resources to build whatever military capabilities it deems necessary.
There is, of course, no guarantee that Beijing would accept such a deal, but the time is ripe at least to explore that possibility. Chinese leaders are clearly disenchanted with their North Korean ally. We need to find out just how disenchanted, and that requires flexibility and creativity in U.S. foreign policy.
After a productive season on the competing Indiana Pacers, Rodney Stuckey has plans to sign with a contender in free agency, with the Houston Rockets expected to be among interested teams, league sources told RealGM.
Stuckey has a desire to be in a competing situation again next season, but will still prioritize a possible return to Indiana where there is strong mutual interest. Stuckey scored 12.6 points in 26.4 minutes per game last season, flourishing in Frank Vogel's offensive system and providing stability as a starter or reserve.
Stuckey also averaged 3.5 rebounds and 3.1 assists in his return to a ball-handling role on a playoff threat in the Eastern Conference. The Sacramento Kings are also expected to express a level of interest in Stuckey, scouring for an available combo guard, a source said. Several contending teams could emerge for Stuckey during the free agency process.
Spending seven of his first eight seasons with the Pistons, Stuckey rose into a cornerstone player early in his Detroit career. He averaged 16.6 points, 4.8 assists and 3.9 rebounds in 2009-10, but the franchise fell in the East and left scattered roles within the team.
Stuckey has averages of 13.3 points and 3.8 assists over his NBA career. The 6-foot-5 guard was the Pistons' 15th overall selection in the 2007 NBA draft out of Eastern Washington.
By Thomas Sowell - October 19, 2010
Somebody eventually had to say it -- and German chancellor Angela Merkel deserves credit for being the one who had the courage to say it out loud. Multiculturalism has "utterly failed."
Multiculturalism is not just a recognition that different groups have different cultures. We all knew that, long before multiculturalism became a cult that has spawned mindless rhapsodies about "diversity," without a speck of evidence to substantiate its supposed benefits.
In Germany, as in other countries in Europe, welcoming millions of foreign workers who insist on remaining foreign has created problems so obvious that only the intelligentsia could fail to see them. It takes a high IQ to evade the obvious.
"We kidded ourselves for a while," Chancellor Merkel said, but now it was clear that the attempt to build a society where people of very different languages and cultures could "live side-by-side" and "enjoy each other" has "failed, utterly failed."
This is not a lesson for Germany alone. In countries around the world, and over the centuries, peoples with jarring differences in language, cultures and values have been a major problem and, too often, sources of major disasters for the societies in which they co-exist.
Even the tragedies and atrocities associated with racial differences in racist countries have been exceeded by the tragedies and atrocities among people with clashing cultures who are physically indistinguishable from one another, as in the Balkans or Rwanda.
Among the ways that people with different cultures have managed to minimize frictions have been (1) mutual cultural accommodations, even while not amalgamating completely, and (2) living separately in their own enclaves. Both of these approaches are anathema to the multicultural cultists.
Expecting any group to adapt their lifestyles to the cultural values of the larger society around them is "cultural imperialism" according to the multicultural cult. And living in separate neighborhoods is considered to be so terrible that there are government-financed programs to take people from high-crime slums and put them in subsidized housing in middle-class neighborhoods.
Multiculturalists condemn people's objections to transplanting hoodlums, criminals and dysfunctional families into the midst of people who may have sacrificed for years to be able to escape from living among hoodlums, criminals and dysfunctional families.
The actual direct experience of the people who complain about the consequences of these social experiments is often dismissed as mere biased "perceptions" or "stereotypes," if not outright "racism." But some of the strongest complaints have come from middle-class blacks who have fled ghetto life, only to have the government transplant ghetto life back into their midst.
The absorption of millions of immigrants from Europe into American society may be cited as an example of the success of multiculturalism. But, in fact, they were absorbed in ways that were the direct opposite of what the multicultural cult is recommending today.
Before these immigrants were culturally assimilated to the norms of American society, they were by no means scattered at random among the population at large. On New York's lower east side, Hungarian Jews lived clustered together in different neighborhoods from Romanian Jews or Polish Jews -- and German Jews lived away from the lower east side.
When someone suggested relieving the overcrowding in the lower east side schools by transferring some of the children to a school in an Irish neighborhood that had space, both the Irish and the Jews objected.
None of this was peculiar to America. When immigrants from southern Italy to Australia moved into neighborhoods where people from northern Italy lived, the northern Italians moved out. Such scenarios could be found in countries around the world.
It was in later generations, after the children and grandchildren of the immigrants to America were speaking English and living lives more like the lives of other Americans, that they spread out to live and work where other Americans lived and worked. This wasn't multiculturalism. It was common sense.
Halloween is the perfect time to make people afraid of the dark. Maybe that's why New York City's Department of Transportation is employing spooky tactics to scare pedestrians by telling New Yorkers that walking at night is dangerous.
A campaign that launched today is the newest misguided attempt to prevent traffic deaths by shaming pedestrians—not by addressing the root causes of our country's frightening epidemic: too many drivers using increasingly inadequate infrastructure.
Every year, cities see a spike in traffic deaths when it gets dark earlier, so NYC's DOT has planned a week of awareness pegged to the end of Daylight Saving Time, telling people they should be more careful after the sun goes down. To get the word out, “street teams” are handing out flyers at dangerous intersections around New York City, buses and billboards will host ads, and radio spots will air during the evening commute. All at a cost of about $1.5 million.
The darkness-is-dangerous messaging is the latest in the particularly gory “Your Choices Matter” campaign rolled out by the city's Vision Zero initiative, with the goal to eliminate traffic fatalities. This year has seen an increase in traffic deaths compared to 2015.
But the problem with this kind of messaging—and any kind of “awareness” campaign when it comes to traffic safety—is that it always blames pedestrians for engaging in some kind of risky behavior. In this case, it's daring to venture out after dark. There have been plenty of other pedestrian-shaming campaigns—starting with the invention of the term jaywalking—which target walkers for their choice of clothing, smartphone use, or simply not “paying attention.”
These campaigns don't address the real problem: More drivers are driving more cars than ever through poorly designed city streets.
This is not to say that New York City shouldn't be taking some kind of action. According to crash data collected in the city, the number of pedestrians killed or injured at dusk increases by about 40 percent during the darkest months. It makes sense that the NYPD would want to do something, as it's clear this is when the most people will be hurt.
But instead of making New Yorkers wary of the impending darkness, the campaign should address bigger issues around street design, lighting, and enforcement that would save lives day or night, in any weather, at any time of year. Especially in a place like New York, where the streets don't shut down at dark, special attention should be paid to making the pedestrian experience brighter and safer.
New York's campaign does include a plan for targeting and ticketing drivers. A press release from the mayor's office outlined how the NYPD will crack down on dangerous driving by increasing enforcement resources around dusk and focusing efforts on exceptionally dangerous intersections. Flyers are also being handed out to drivers to make them aware of the campaign.
But this is not enough. As many advocates have pointed out, New York City is not the only place in the world where the sun goes down.
In many extremely bike- and pedestrian-friendly cities—like Copenhagen, Amsterdam, and Utrecht—dusk can come as early as 3:00 p.m. These cities have solved the problem by building separated paths that allow people to move around the city at night without wearing lights, reflectors, or even helmets.
It gets dark early in Utrecht too. If your city prioritizes bright clothing, helmets & reflectors, they've got it wrong. H/T @AsEasyAsRiding pic.twitter.com/6PVUkcpSr6 — Chris Bruntlett (@modacitylife) October 27, 2016
The $1.5 million campaign price tag in particular is problematic for many who would prefer to see that money go to capital improvements over gruesome bus shelter ads and flyers destined for the recycling bin.
In fact, $1.5 million is the cost of a pedestrian improvement project for the Canal Street entrance to the Manhattan Bridge, one of the most dangerous places in the city for walkers. The project added new signals, wider medians, shorter crossing distances, and redesigned traffic lanes. This shows that $1.5 million can go a long way, particularly at such a dangerous intersection (over 147 people had been injured at this intersection since 2010, with one person killed). Why not take this $1.5 million and fix another section of the city?
$1.5 million would buy a lot of plastic flex posts, which would do more immediate good than an education campaign. https://t.co/fFQuw4Xtrv — Brooklyn Spoke (@BrooklynSpoke) October 26, 2016
It's horrific to think that any city would be mounting an expensive campaign to tell pedestrians to be safe instead of doubling down on efforts to actually make them safe. But it keeps happening.
In fact, a far more troubling campaign is rolling out right now in Pittsburgh. Promoted as a “playful” bit of Halloween-timed fun, improv actors dressed up like the Grim Reaper have been hired to wander the city, warning pedestrians about the perils of walking. There are also chalk outlines of bodies on the sidewalks as part of the campaign. Playful!
Don't worry, if you don't get to meet the Reaper in person, there's another way the campaign plans to reach you:
In addition to engaging people on the streets, geo-fencing perimeters will be established at heavily trafficked intersections that will use pop-up advertisements on cell phones that encourage users to “Look Alive.”
Yep, pop-up ads on phones while people are walking and driving that warn people not to look at their phones while walking and driving.
But wait! That's not even the whole campaign. The city has published a “Street Smarts” guide to safe walking, which includes old standby tips like “make eye contact” and “carry a flashlight,” as well as this gem:
Let me get this straight, Pittsburgh. You're fully admitting that you haven't even provided the basic infrastructure that allows your citizens to safely walk through your city. You have published a guide instructing people how they need to walk because the city is so dangerous. And on top of all that, you are paying a dude dressed up like the Grim Reaper to remind everyone that you have designed a city where death is literally around every corner.
Now that's downright scary.
> Home > Jay Towers Brings Garden State Style to Motor City
John KampfeHome, New Jersey Profiles
He might not be well-known in his home state but New Jersey-born Jay Towers is quite a presence in his adopted city of Detroit.
That's because Towers is one of Motown's top media personalities, a fixture in the morning on both radio and TV. Towers hosts Jay Towers in the Morning during morning drive time on iHeart Radio's FRESH 100.3 WNIC. The Toms River native also is weekday co-anchor on the Fox 2 Morning News on WSBJ-TV, which is where he also broadcasts his radio program.
Incredibly it's not a simulcast but two separate programs. Towers takes multi-tasking to new level by “running down the hall at Fox 2” between studios. That kind of exposure led to Towers being voted Detroit's “Best Media Personality” in 2013 and 2014.
When it comes to radio, Towers was a child prodigy. He got his start at age 14 at WJRZ in Manahawkin just as he was entering Central Regional High School in Bayville. He said in an interview in My magazine a few years ago that he got interested in music at age 6 when he came across his dad's “45s” collection. That led to him putting together a cassette demo tape that he pitched to WJRZ. So while classmates were working after school at the local supermarket or on the boardwalk, Towers was building an audience by playing Top 40 tunes at the Jersey Shore radio station.
After high school Towers moved a few miles south to WAVY/WBSS in Atlantic City before heading west to Michigan and a job at WMAX in Grand Rapids. He came back east to work at WIOQ in Philadelphia before landing in Detroit in 1996. And he has stayed there ever since.
Towers began his “side career” in television in 2003 when Fox 2 hired him as a weekend anchor.
“Before that my only TV experience was making announcements on my high school's closed-circuit channel in New Jersey,” he told My magazine.
Towers apparently took well to the medium because Fox 2 appointed him co-anchor in the highly visible weekday morning slot in 2014. This year he tackled a new area — film. Towers this spring made a cameo appearance in the blockbuster Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
It was a dream come true for Towers. He told the Detroit Free Press that he has been a Superman fan since age 4 when his parents took him to see Superman starring the late Christopher Reeve, coincidentally a fellow Jerseyan who grew up in Princeton. In fact his radio station office is a veritable shrine to the superhero. And it was Towers' office decor that got him the movie appearance.
“When Zack Snyder, the director, was in Detroit scouting locations on the weekend,” Towers explained in a radio interview earlier this year, “he would watch Fox 2 and it was on a weekend that they did a story about my Superman office at the radio station. He said: ‘That's great; put that guy in the movie.'”
Towers has established firm roots in Motown over the past two decades there. The single father of a teenaged daughter has moved his parents to The Detroit Metro area, and lends his name and time to several local charities. These include “Jay's Juniors” through which he takes children with chronic or terminal illnesses to Walt Disney World at Christmas.
‘I love this city so much,” Towers told My magazine. “The people here are the best in the world and it's a great place to raise a child.”
Massachusetts is now one step closer to legalizing marijuana.
Secretary of State Bill Galvin on Tuesday certified 70,739 signatures submitted by the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol, clearing a path towards the 2016 ballot, MassLive.com reports.
“We are excited to have reached this milestone and look forward to the legislative debate over the benefits of ending prohibition and regulating and taxing marijuana,” said Will Luzier, manager of the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol in Massachusetts, in a written statement.
The proposed initiative would allow adults age 21 and over to possess up to one ounce of marijuana and grow a limited number of plants at their private residencies. The state would also create a 3.75 percent excise tax on retail sales, establish a regulatory commission, and allow local governments to regulate and limit the amount of cannabis businesses in their town.
“Today's announcement confirms that the people of Massachusetts want to vote on an initiative to regulate marijuana and end the practice of punishing adults for using a substance less harmful than alcohol,” Luzier added.
The petition will now be presented in the Massachusetts legislature. If state lawmakers reject the petition, initiative backers will have to collect an additional 10,792 signatures by early July 2016 in order to qualify for the November ballot.
Wednesday, Hillary Clinton got her pander on and spoke to the annual convention of the American Legion. She gave Donald Trump a couple of good zings and then she decided she had to talk tough:
As President, I will make it clear, that the United States will treat cyberattacks just like any other attack. We will be ready with serious political, economic and military responses.
Stop and think about it. Does anyone believe the same bitter old harpy who countermanded the order of the Secretary of Defense to send a rescue team to the Benghazi embassy for fear they were wearing the wrong uniform would act forcefully in the face of a cyberattack on the United States? Does it even make sense to make this threat?
We have all seen Hillary Clinton in action enough to know that she is an utter fraud and poseur. You don't even need the video to hear that nasal screech she gets when she's making an emphatic statement or has caught Bill shagging the household staff… again. She is indecisive. She is risk averse. No one in the whole world believes she would use military force in retaliation to a cyberattack.
Making this kind of threat is just like Barack Obama drawing his innumerable “red lines” that have never resulted in anything more serious than a scowl.
Web Trigrams: Visualizing Google's Tri-Gram Data
Back in late 2006, Google released a massive set of web n-gram data (basically pieces of sentences). A trigram (n=3), for example, might be "I like food" or "frog is tasty." Each n-gram is also labeled with the number of times it appeared in Google's corpus. The entire archive, which is almost 100GB uncompressed, has unigrams (n=1) through fivegrams (n=5). The data set is offered through the LDC for those who are interested (link).
As soon as I got my hands on the data, I quickly got to work on some straight forward visualizations. The first type compares two sets of trigrams, each starting with a different word. One visualization compares 'He' with 'She', while the other uses 'I' and 'You'. In the case of the 'He' vs. 'She', the top 120 trigrams for each were identified. The frequencies of the second word in the trigrams were combined and sorted, and rendered in decreasing frequency-of-use order. A similar process was used to create a ranking for the third (and final) word in the trigrams. Words are sized according to the square root of their use frequencies. The color-coded lines act like paths (a tree structure), enumerating all of the trigrams. The process was identical for the 'I' and 'You' version, except that only the top 75 trigrams were used.
These visual comparisons allow us to see differences in how the two subjects are used - both where they are similar and diverge. For example, among the top 120 trigrams, 'He' and 'She' have many common second words. However, they differ on some interesting ones, for example, only 'he' connects to 'argues', while only 'she' connects to 'love' (within the top 120).
I also created a little series of visualizations that shows how six common subjects are used. The subject is noted in the top left. The column immediately to the right is a frequency-ranked list of the most common secondary words (for example, the "have" in "we have..."). Each of these is followed by a horizontal list of the common words that follow (for example "a" in "I have a..."). Besides the subject text, all fonts are sized proportionally to the inverse power of their frequencies.
Very simple, but kind of cool. At least I think so.
news, latest-news
BALLARAT has a new-look council today after voters backed six newcomers at the weekend local government election. Only three of nine incumbent councillors were re-elected, with the departure of mayor Mark Harris among the surprise results. Councillors Des Hudson and John Philips were both re-elected convincingly, with Councillor Samantha McIntosh easily succeeding in her move to the Central Ward. Councillor-elect Belinda Coates will become Ballarat's first Greens Party representative, with popular teacher and community worker Peter Innes to return to the council chamber after a four-year absence. Voters also backed young people, with teacher Joshua Morris, 30, and 24-year-old health worker Amy Johnson among the inclusions. Lead On chief executive and Liberal Party member Vicki Coltman will join council, with Ballarat Specialist School principal and independent John Burt. Outgoing mayor Mark Harris was the only councillor who was unsuccessful in seeking re-election. Mr Harris fell around 630 votes short in his bid for re-election in the Central Ward, with controversial decisions including the Civic Hall site redevelopment in voters' minds. “They said it was time for a new council, for a clean sweep,” he said. “I think folk are looking for a reinvigoration and that is a healthy thing. It is hard to focus on one issue but the result in part probably speaks to the campaign of other candidates in the ward.” Mr Harris didn't rule out standing in future elections. “It is probably unlikely, but you never know what will happen in four years or what the issues will be.” The election of new councillors brings a diverse range of political affiliations, with Labor, Liberal, Greens and independents to take their seats in the chamber. A new mayor will be chosen by councillors in coming days, with the next ordinary council meeting to be held on November 14.﻿
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/resize/frm/storypad-3A7iN83cZd5H3JXq9xN6NkC/324e1204-4dd4-4aab-9cf2-164f64370b3f.JPG/w1200_h678_fcrop.jpg
Cochlicella barbara leaves a slime trail behind it. A crawling individual of the small land snailleaves a slime trail behind it.
Snail slime is a kind of mucus, an external bodily secretion which is produced by snails, gastropod mollusks. Land snails and slugs produce mucus, but so does every other kind of gastropod, from marine, freshwater and terrestrial habitats. The reproductive system of gastropods also produces mucus internally from special glands.
Externally, one kind of mucus is produced by the foot of the gastropod and is usually used for crawling on. The other kind of external mucus has evolved to coat the external parts of the gastropod's body; in-land species this coating helps prevent desiccation of the exposed soft tissues. The foot mucus of a gastropod has some of the qualities of a glue and some of the qualities of a lubricant, allowing land snails to crawl up vertical surfaces without falling off.[1]
The slime trail that a land gastropod leaves behind is often visible as a silvery track on surfaces such as stone or concrete.
Description [ edit ]
Mucus is a gel consisting of a polymer network that functions as a protective layer for the integument and mucosal surfaces of both elementary animals and mammals.[2]
The mucus of gastropods is not only used as a coating to cover the surfaces on which the snail crawls and a coating to cover the exposed soft parts of the body, but also sometimes to allow a resting snail to adhere passively to surfaces such as rock, making a temporary sealing structure called the epiphragm.[3] Mucus is produced by glands of the snail's foot, specifically a large gland located below the mouth.[4]
The foot of gastropods is covered with a thin layer of this mucus, which is used for a variety of functions, including adherence, lubrication, repulsing predators, recognising other snails, following a trail to a known destination, and also during reproduction. The discharge looks like gel, and it contains approximately 91 to 98% weight of water, depending on the species, combined with a small amount of high molecular weight glycoproteins (Denny, 1984). In Helix aspersa these glycoproteins reach weights of 82, 97 and 175 kDa.
Many mollusks, both marine and terrestrial species, when inactive, use the secretion to stick to various surfaces. However, it is unexpected that a gel so diluted that it can commonly act as a lubricant, can also have such strong adhesive properties.[5] In Helix aspersa there are two types of secretion. One type is translucent and not adhesive, the kind that the snail leaves behind as it moves (the slime trail), and a similar but thicker, condensed, more viscous and elastic kind, which is used to adhere to various surfaces. Both are clearly differentiated by the type of proteins present in them.[6]
A snail releases different kinds of mucus depending on the way it is stimulated. When the stimulation is normal the slime is viscous (sticky) but if the snail is disturbed continuously or even violently, it releases clear foamy secretions. In the case of Helix aspersa, the discharge is composed of synthesized products from various types of secretory glands. These are all single-cell glands found in connective tissue and secrete their products via pores that pass between the epidermal cells. They are of various shapes and usually have a long excretory duct. There are eight different types of secreting glands. Four of these different types of mucus secreted protein, calcium, pigments, and lipids.[7]
Use in cosmetics [ edit ]
The benefits of snail slime in skincare was officially discovered by Dr. Rafael Abad Iglesias, a Spanish oncologist in the 1960s. He applied the Radiation Therapy for killing cancer cells on common snails. It aroused the snails to secrete goo, which stems from their agitation. He accidentally noticed that injured areas on the snail's skin were healed quickly. Then, Dr. Rafael Abad Iglesias tested the snail secretion on humans and concluded that it could help expedite the restorability of the human skin.[8]
In the 1980s, a Chilean family owned a snail gardening business to tout escargots to French wholesalers. Through many days of handling these snails, they recognized that their skin became softer and clearer, scars and cuts by metal cages noticeably reduced. The eldest son of the family, Dr. Fernando Bascunan, attempted to rigorously do a study about the snail secretion. 15 years later, the family established Elicina, the first skincare brand with snail slime based creams.[9]
The slimy, thick excretion by the snail's anxiety, also known as Helix Aspersa Müller Glycoconjugates is mostly used in cosmetic production. It boasts hyaluronic acid, glycolic acid, glycoprotein enzymes, proteoglycans, antimicrobials and copper peptides.[10] This provides hydrating, anti-oxidizing and recovering properties when topically applied to give a glowing, youthful complexion. The snail mucin has been famed for wound healing and the improvement of wrinkles and fine lines.[11]
Myriad cosmetic companies beyond the world soon took serious about snail filtrate as a potent ingredient in skincare. K-beauty was one of the very firsts picking up the trend. The U.S. has been flooded by a lot of snail creams, essences and masks from South Korea since 2011.[12] In addition, people can even undergo therapeutic snail facials. For example, Dr. Matthew Schulman in New York imparts a treatment by micro-needling the snail secretion filtrate and hyaluronic acid into skin.[10] Otherwise, for some other snail facials in Japan, Korea, the U.K. and especially, Thailand, customers lie down and experience the garden snails crawling and excreting gooey trails across their faces. The snails from those facials are inhabited in good environments with clean water and organic foods for the high quality of the secretion.[13]
In contrast, there are debates about the anti-aging effects of the snail mucus. Some experts reveal that it's hard to manage the consistent concentration of nutrients in snail mucin. This depends on the types of the gastropods and formulating process. The potency of snail slime remains uncertain toward human skin since most of the studies for its rejuvenating activities are conducted in cell or lab cultures.[10]
Snail slime is commercially obtained from the common garden snail species Helix aspersa, which produces a secretion rich in proteins of high and low molecular weight hyaluronic acid and antioxidants. The secretion of the snail supposedly has a double function when applied to human skin: on one hand it is claimed to stimulate the formation of collagen, elastin and dermal components that repair the signs of photoaging and, second, is claimed to minimize the damage generated by free radicals that are responsible for premature skin aging.[14]
Snail slime has also been used by the Bamiléké people of Cameroon to treat burns[citation needed].
Snail slime varies in appearance and quality according to the environmental conditions, season, and food sources used by the snails. These factors supposedly determine the quality of the slime and therefore the properties of a product made with it.[15]
Use in medicine [ edit ]
From Ancient Greece to the Middle Ages, ancestors utilized snail mucus for medical purposes. It helped alleviate inflamed skin and gastrointestinal ulcers as well as in form of syrup, calm a cough.[16] Moreover, decades ago, in Southern Italy, people collected the trails to treat different skin lesions, such as dermatitis, light acne, warts and calluses.[17]
The snail mucus was medicinally renowned for its repairing damaged tissues and balancing hydration. According to a study in The Journal of Dermatological Treatment (2009), it was used for burn treatment in 43 burn patients. 27 patients who topically applied snail creams twice per day witnessed remarkable improvements to their skin.[18]
At the present time, many researchers are inventing a new type of medical adhesive inspired by the snail slime. It's going to be more innovative than the current surgical glue, which is vulnerable to body fluids. The existing surgical glue is suited for fairly straight, clean and slightly deep cuts. Otherwise, the mollusk's glue can attach to wet surfaces with its flexible consistency, which enables better healing and its usage for a broader variety of wounds.[19]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
(CNN) This is no ordinary snow storm, weather experts say.
The National Weather Service is using terms such as "life-threatening" and "historic" to describe the system ready to spread across the Northeast.
The storm could dump up to 3 feet of snow in Boston and New York before it ends Tuesday, along with freezing rain and strong wind gusts possibly reaching hurricane level.
Blizzard and winter storm warnings are up from New Jersey through Maine and into Canada.
Airlines began canceling flights by the hundreds. FlightAware, a travel website, put the total at more than 1,800 early Monday
"We plan to cancel all flights Tuesday at Newark, LaGuardia and JFK, as well as Boston and Philadelphia," said United Airlines Spokeswoman Mary Ryan.
Other airlines were implementing similar measures.
Check first if you're flying into or out of the region.
"I want everyone to understand that we are facing -- most likely -- one of the largest snowstorms in the history of this city," said New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio.
He repeated throughout a Sunday afternoon news conference that people should expect delays, very slow or stalled commutes Monday evening. Whatever people do to be cautious, he said, do more.
"My message to all New Yorkers is prepared for something worse than we have seen before. Prepare to be safe. Take every precaution. Now is the time to get ready for this extreme weather," he said. "Don't underestimate this storm."
The Weather Service says whiteout conditions will make travel extremely dangerous in the entire affected area. Wind gusts in the New York City area could hit 65 mph.
The blizzard warning is in effect from 1 p.m. Monday through Tuesday, with the worst conditions expected from late Monday evening through midday Tuesday.
In Massachusetts, emergency management officials warned that the winter storm will be potentially "historic and destructive."
Snow in the southeastern part of Massachusetts could morph into a period of freezing rain. And a major nor'easter is likely to develop on Monday and move up the northeast coast, forecasters said.
Travel across Massachusetts during the storm could be impossible and life-threatening, according to the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency. It's unclear just how much snow might be on the way, but the National Weather Service is saying 1 to 2 feet is possible.
The Rhode Island Emergency Management Agency tweeted Sunday that the state would be under a blizzard watch Monday.
That area's storm conditions aren't predicted to let up until Wednesday morning.
Christine Carew, a sales associate in Boston, said customers have been coming into the hardware store to grab last-minute snow supplies.
Parents and their children have popped in to buy sleds and others are picking up shovels, ice melt and snow brushes.
"This is kind of typical," she said about Boston getting a lot of snow. "We're more prepared for it. We know it's going to happen."
Blizzard Watch issued for RI to be in effect Mon night to Tues night due to predicted snow accumulations of 18-24" http://t.co/v1635ezsLy — Rhode Island EMA (@RhodeIslandEMA) January 25, 2015
There's little chance the store will be closed Monday, no matter how hard it snows. The manager, she said, lives above the store.
Eight counties in Massachusetts are already under a winter storm watch: Berkshire, Franklin, Hampshire, Hampden, Worcester, Barnstable, Nantucket and Dukes.
A blizzard watch is in effect for Essex, Middlesex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Bristol and Plymouth counties. Barnstable, Nantucket and Dukes counties also face a high wind watch.
Derek and Jim Missert have lived in the Boston area for years. On Sunday they prepared to ride out the storm by being as prepared as they usually are, with plenty of food and water on hand. Jim Missert lives outside the city, so he expects to lose power and has a generator. Derek Missert expects that he'll not lose electricity as he works from home in the city.
There could be coastal flooding in the state starting early Tuesday with pockets of major flooding on east-facing coastlines, the state emergency agency said.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo urged New Yorkers to prepare immediately for the storm, saying they should plan for "major disruptions" during Monday and Tuesday morning commutes. Roads could be closed and power could go out, he said in a news release Sunday, and New Yorkers need to look out for downed power lines and tree limbs.
Update: NYC is now under a Blizzard Watch for Monday afternoon through Tuesday evening, per @NWSNewYorkNY: http://t.co/AuYng7bMk5 — NYC OEM (@nycoem) January 25, 2015
Cuomo directed all state agencies to prepare. New York has at least 1,806 plows and more than 126,000 tons of salt to spray on roads across the region. The National Guard will also have six dozen personnel and 20 vehicles stationed throughout the state starting on Monday morning.
Press Release No. 38/2014
25 February 2014
Heidelberg physicist develops a new theoretical model in which the Big Bang stretches into the infinite past
ESA and the Planck Collaboration (Copyright)
Photo-Download Were the density variations from which the structures of the universe emerged created in a billionth of a billionth of a billionth of a second after the Big Bang, or 50 trillion years ago in a universe that had always existed? The anisotropies of the Cosmic microwave background (CMB) observed by Planck are a snapshot of the oldest light in our Universe. The picture shows tiny temperature fluctuations that correspond to regions of slightly different densities, representing the seeds of all future structure: the stars and galaxies of today.
Did the universe begin with a hot Big Bang or did it slowly thaw from an extremely cold and almost static state? Prof. Dr. Christof Wetterich, a physicist at Heidelberg University, has developed a theoretical model that complements the nearly 100-year-old conventional model of cosmic expansion. According to Wetterich's theory, the Big Bang did not occur 13.8 billion years ago – instead, the birth of the universe stretches into the infinite past. This view holds that the masses of all particles constantly increase. The scientist explains that instead of expanding, the universe is shrinking over extended periods of time.
Cosmologists usually call the birth of the universe the Big Bang. The closer we approach the Big Bang in time, the stronger the geometry of space and time curves. Physicists call this a singularity – a term describing conditions whose physical laws are not defined. In the Big Bang scenario, the spacetime curvature becomes infinitely large. Shortly after the Big Bang, the universe was extremely hot and dense. Prof. Wetterich believes, however, that a different “picture” is also possible. If the masses of all elementary particles grow heavier over time and gravitational force weakens, the universe could have also had a very cold, slow start. In that view, the universe always existed and its earliest state was virtually static, with the Big Bang stretching over an infinitely long time in the past. The scientist from the Institute for Theoretical Physics assumes that the earliest “events” that are indirectly observable today came to pass 50 trillion years ago, and not in the billionth of a billionth of a billionth of a second after the Big Bang. “There is no longer a singularity in this new picture of the cosmos,” says Prof. Wetterich.
Photo: Benjamin Prof. Dr. Christof Wetterich
His theoretical model explains dark energy and the early “inflationary universe” with a single scalar field that changes with time, with all masses increasing with the value of this field. “It's reminiscent of the Higgs boson recently discovered in Geneva. This elementary particle confirmed the physicists' assumption that particle masses do indeed depend on field values and are therefore variable,” explains the Heidelberg scientist. In Wetterich's approach, all masses are proportional to the value of the so-called cosmon field, which increases in the course of cosmological evolution. “The natural conclusion of this model is a picture of a universe that evolved very slowly from an extremely cold state, shrinking over extended periods of time instead of expanding,” explains Prof. Wetterich.
Wetterich stresses that this in no way renders the previous view of the Big Bang “invalid”, however. “Physicists are accustomed to describing observed phenomena using different pictures.” Light, for example, can be depicted as particles and as a wave. Similarly, his model can be seen as a picture equivalent to the Big Bang. “This is very useful for many practical predictions on the consequences that arise from this new theoretical approach. However, describing the ‘birth' of the universe without a singularity does offer a number of advantages,” emphasises Prof. Wetterich. “And in the new model, the nagging dilemma of ‘there must have been something before the Big Bang' is no longer an issue.”
Publications:
C. Wetterich: Hot big bang or slow freeze? arXiv:1401.5313 [astro-ph.CO]
C. Wetterich: Variable gravity Universe, Physical Review D 89, 024005 (6 January 2014), doi: 10.1103/PhysRevD.89.024005
C. Wetterich: Universe without expansion, Physics of the Dark Universe, Vol 2, Iss 4 (December 2013), 184-187, doi: 10.1016/j.dark.2013.10.002
JAMSHEDPUR: An 18-year-old aspiring filmmaker has been receiving threats on social media for making a short documentary on the communal violence here in July."I have been receiving threats ever since I uploaded a four-minute trailer of the film on YouTube and shared the link on my Facebook account," said Kumar Gaurav."I captured the riot scenes in their true form and made a documentary on that. I have not taken names of any individual in the documentary."Gaurav said barring two people, Sonu Kumar and Amar Kumar Singh, an ABVP member, he has got all the threats from other states.The ABVP had earlier this year disrupted screening of 'Muzaffarnagar Baaki Hai' at the Delhi University. The film is based on the communal riots in Muzaffarnagar in September 2013.Gaurav's 20-minute documentary, 'Curfew - A Film On Communal Riot In Jamshedpur', features violence and reactions of the victims, mostly belonging to members of the minority community.The film was screened at the Udaipur Short Film Festival in September and received accolades.
Image caption Android devices are believed to be sending out spam messages similar to this example
Smartphones running Google's Android software have been hijacked by an illegal botnet, according to a Microsoft researcher.
Botnets are large illegal networks of infected machines - usually desktop or laptop computers - typically used to send out masses of spam email.
Researcher Terry Zink said there was evidence of spam being sent from Yahoo mail servers by Android devices.
Microsoft's own platform, Windows Phone, is a key competitor to Android.
The Google platform has suffered from several high-profile issues with malware affected apps in recent months.
The official store - Google Play - has had issues with fake apps, often pirated free versions of popular paid products like Angry Birds Space or Fruit Ninja.
This latest discovery has been seen as a change of direction for attackers.
"We've all heard the rumours," Mr Zink wrote in a blog post.
"But this is the first time I have seen it - a spammer has control of a botnet that lives on Android devices.
"These devices login to the user's Yahoo Mail account and send spam."
Bad guys
He said analysis of the IP addresses used to send the email revealed the spam had originated from Android devices being used in Chile, Indonesia, Lebanon, Oman, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Ukraine, and Venezuela.
As is typical, the spam email looks to tempt people into buying products like prescription drugs.
Security expert Graham Cluley, from anti-virus firm Sophos , said it was highly likely the attacks originated from Android devices, given all available information, but this could not be proven.
This was the first time smartphones had been exploited in this way, he said.
"We've seen it done experimentally to prove that it's possible by researchers, but not done by the bad guys," he told the BBC.
"We are seeing a lot of activity from cybercriminals on the Android platform.
"The best thing you can do right now is upgrade your operating system, if that's possible.
"And before you install apps onto your device, look at the reviews, because there are many bogus apps out there."
Google told the BBC it did not respond to queries about specific apps but was working to improve security on the Android platform.
"We are committed to providing a secure experience for consumers in Google Play, and in fact our data shows between the first and second halves of 2011, we saw a 40% decrease in the number of potentially malicious downloads from Google Play," a spokesman said.
"Last year we also introduced a new service into Google Play that provides automated scanning for potentially malicious software without disrupting the user experience or requiring developers to go through an application approval process."
To address the rights of victimized copyright holders, the U.S. Government has recently obtained a secret court order. The sealed order allows it to share Megaupload evidence with industry trade groups who may want to take legal action. At the same time, however, the Government refuses to assist former Megaupload users. In a letter to the court the Electronic Frontier foundation is now pointing out that these users are victims too.
Nearly two years have passed since Megaupload's servers were raided by the U.S. Government, and still it remains uncertain if former users will ever be able to retrieve their files.
Soon after the raids former Megaupload user Kyle Goodwin, a sports reporter who used Megaupload to store work-related files, took legal steps to secure his work.
Helped by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), Mr. Goodwin filed at least six requests asking the court to find a workable solution for the return of his data, but thus far without success.
The U.S. hasn't been particularly helpful in the matter and previously suggested that disadvantaged users shouldn't bother the Government with complaints, but sue Megaupload instead.
Considering this rigid stance it came as a surprise that the Department of Justice recently requested a secret order to help copyright holders to obtain Megaupload data. Last week information from a sealed order showed that the U.S. asked the court's permission to share evidence with copyright holders to “appropriately address victim rights.”
The Government argues that victimized copyright holders need this data for potential lawsuits. However, the EFF believes that the MPAA, RIAA and other trade groups are not the only ones who qualify for the ‘victim' label.
“We think it's pretty clear that former Megaupload users such as Mr. Goodwin are also victims in this case,” EFF attorney Julie Samuels tells TorrentFreak.
To highlight this issue, the EFF submitted a letter to the court this week on behalf of Mr. Goodwin.
“While we appreciate the government's intent to appropriately address victim rights, we submit that the court should also ensure that the rights of the many users of the service who have lost their property but who have not been accused of copyright infringement, including Mr. Goodwin, are also addressed in any next steps in this case,” EFF's letter reads.
With the letter EFF hopes to focus the court's attention on the pressing situation of Megaupload users who lost access to their files. Ideally, these users should get an opportunity to access their work, which they have the legal rights to.
“We hope that our letter will get the attention of the court and that it will find a way to properly compensate Megaupload users who are waiting to retrieve their files,” Samuels tells us.
The clock is ticking, as Megaupload user data on 630 servers was destroyed permanently earlier this year. Another 1,103 Megaupload servers remain stored at the U.S. hosting company Carpathia, but it is uncertain for how long.
Episode 34 Pink Bananas
The Pink Panther is in the jungle and decides to swing through the trees on a vine like Tarzan. On his first swing, he bumps into the belly of a gorilla. The gorilla jumps onto another vine and chases the Panther through the trees. The gorilla chases the Panther back into his house, where he locks himself inside and turns on the radio. The gorilla begins to dance to the music. But when the music ends, the gorilla goes into a rage. The music starts and stops several times, and each time the gorilla dances and then goes into a rage. Finally, a march comes on the radio, and the Panther leads the gorilla to the zoo, where he tricks him into a cage. The music stops, and the gorilla has another fit, but soon the music starts again. This time, it's the Pink Panther theme, and the Panther dances into the sunset.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday night accused the White House of dithering over the strategy for the war in Afghanistan and urged President Barack Obama to "do what it takes to win."
"Make no mistake. Signals of indecision out of Washington hurt our allies and embolden our adversaries," Cheney said while accepting an award from a conservative national security group, the Center for Security Policy.
CBSNews.com Special Report: Afghanistan
CBS Evening News: The Road Ahead
Cheney disputed remarks by White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel that the Bush administration had been adrift concerning the war in Afghanistan and that the Obama administration had to start from the beginning to develop a strategy for the 8-year-old war.
To the contrary, Cheney said, the Bush administration undertook its own review of the war before leaving office and presented its findings to Obama's transition team.
"They asked us not to announce our findings publicly, and we agreed, giving them the benefit of our work and the benefit of the doubt," Cheney said. The strategy Obama announced in March bore a "striking resemblance" to what the Bush administration review had found, the vice president said.
Emanuel told CNN on Sunday that the decision regarding what to do in Afghanistan is more complex than whether to send more troops. The U.S. commander there, Gen. Stanley McChrystal, has reportedly asked for as many as 40,000 additional troops to combat the Taliban insurgency and al-Qaida fighters.
"When you go through all the analysis, it's clear that basically we had a war for eight years that was going on, that's adrift, that we're beginning at scratch, and just from the starting point, after eight years," Emanuel said.
Emanuel on CBS' "Face the Nation"
Cheney said the Obama administration seems to be pulling back and blaming others for its own failure to implement the strategy it had embraced earlier in the year.
"The White House must stop dithering while America's armed forces are in danger," the former vice president said. "It's time for President Obama to do what it takes to win a war he has repeatedly and rightly called a war of necessity."
Cheney criticized Obama's decision to drop plans begun in the Bush administration for missile defense interceptors in Poland and a radar site in the Czech Republic, calling the move "a strategic blunder and a breach of good faith." The administration said it will instead pursue a higher-tech system that is also more cost-effective.
"Our Polish and Czech friends are entitled to wonder how strategic plans and promises years in the making could be dissolved just like that with apparently little if any consultation," he said. "President Obama's cancellation of America's agreements with the Polish and Czech governments is a serious blow to the hopes and aspirations of millions of Europeans."
Cheney said those who try to placate Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and accede to his wishes will get nothing in return but trouble.
___
On the Net:
Center for Security Policy: http://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/
The operator of the world's largest Internet exchange point, De-Cix, is suing the German government in an attempt to stop mass surveillance by the country's spies.
Internet exchange points are the hubs where the Internet's core lines cross paths, so information can flow from anywhere to anywhere. De-Cix's main hub is in Frankfurt, Germany, and it is the largest of its kind in the world.
On Friday, De-Cix said it was pushing back against the legal orders it receives from the German Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst, or BND, for short) that force it to allow the mass monitoring of communications flowing through its Frankfurt Internet exchange point.
De-Cix said it wanted to show that the orders were illegal under the so-called G10 Act, which is analogous to the controversial U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), and allows the strategic monitoring of international communications that flow through Germany.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
“We have grave doubts about the legality of the current practice,” De-Cix said, citing a recently published paper by constitutional lawyer Hans-Jürgen Papier that said the legal orders were “completely illegal.”
Papier's paper said the BND's level of surveillance was disproportionate and disregarded whether the people whose communications were being scooped up were Germans or foreigners, or whether they were in the country or outside it.
“We consider ourselves under obligation to our customers to work towards a situation in which strategic surveillance of their telecommunications only takes place in a legal manner,” De-Cix said on Friday.
De-Cix has previously disclosed how the BND uses the Frankfurt hub to wiretap dozens of Internet service providers at once. Giving evidence at a parliamentary inquiry into Edward Snowden's revelations about the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA), the Internet exchange point's operators said the BND was violating a clause in the G10 Act that limits it to performing mass intercepts on a fifth of the hub's available bandwidth at any given time.
Its lawsuit, filed at a Leipzig administrative court on Friday, targets the German interior ministry. The ministry did not have any comment to make at the time of writing.
The world's largest tech and telecoms providers use De-Cix's Frankfurt facility—Amazon (amzn), Microsoft (msft), Apple (aapl), Google (goog), Facebook (fb) and Verizon (vz), to name just a small selection.
However, De-Cix spokesman Carsten Titt said the lawsuit had not been prompted by any customer complaints about the BND's activities.
“There was no customer pressure. We just wanted to straighten up the law and see if it's really legal what they're doing,” he said, adding that the findings of Papier—the former president of Germany's constitutional court—were very clear that the BND was breaking the law.
For more on mass surveillance, watch:
Separately, it emerged two weeks ago that the BND is systematically collecting and using people's personal data with no legal basis. A suppressed report by Germany's federal data protection commissioner was leaked to the media, which reported that the BND was regularly over-collecting information using the NSA's XKeyscore software, in breach of German law.
The report also showed the BND was passing on the information it collected to the NSA, without properly scrubbing out data about German citizens, and therefore again breaching the G10 Act.
The German government is currently trying to pass a new law governing the BND that, critics say, would legalize the agency's illegal activities.
These Smores Fudge Bars are one of my most favorite treats! This easy Smores recipe is a version of the campfire treat that you can enjoy all year long, with a graham cracker crust, a sweet and silky chocolate filling with a fluffy, toasted homemade marshmallow topping!
Who loves Smores?
I am a HUGE smores fan! And in all honesty, I fancy myself a bit of a smores connoisseur…which, in fact, is my birthright. Did I tell you I was born on National Smores Day? Yep. It's in my DNA. And of course, I have so many smores recipes here on my site, like S'mores Cheesecake!
And since I try and get my smores fix any which way, I created these Smores Fudge Bars that are all the flavors we love in smores, but OH SO MUCH MORE! You have a rich, silky fudge filling, on top of a thick graham cracker crust, all topped with Homemade Marshmallow Fluff, which is so dreamy!
MY OTHER RECIPES MY OTHER RECIPES
What are Smores?
Let's start at the beginning, in case you aren't familiar with smores. Can you believe I have met people who have never had smores? I don't know why this is so mind boggling to me, but it sure is. I suppose if you didn't grow up in the US, or Canada it hasn't always been a universal treat.
Smores are campfire treats that generally consist of a toasted marshmallow and a piece of chocolate sandwiched between two graham crackers. Of course I take tons of liberty when making smores by the fire. My favorite combo is two Ritz crackers, a peanut butter cup and a toasted marshmallow. It's salty/sweet perfection! BUT in keeping with tradition, these Smores Fudge Bars are all the classic flavors.
Smores Fudge Bars are an easy fudge recipe!
How to Make Smores Fudge Bars
For these smores fudge bars, the steps are all easy. You just have three different layers to create!
First you make your graham cracker crust, which is a simple graham cracker crust recipe, just graham crackers, butter, sugar, and salt. You bake that up until it's lightly golden.
Next up make your chocolate fudge filling, which only has two ingredients, milk chocolate and sweetened condensed milk. You melt sweetened condensed milk and milk chocolate together to form a thick, but pourable chocolate fudge. Spread this on top of the crust!
Next you make your homemade marshmallow fluff! Once you make this homemade, you will never buy the store-bought again!
You just beat egg whites and some cream of tartar together until soft peaks form.
Next, make a sugar syrup in a saucepan with corn syrup, sugar, and water. You will need a candy thermometer here to make sure it comes up to 240°F. This guarantees the thickness, and firmness of the fluff.
In the bowl of your stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, you slowly pour the syrup into the egg whites, while mixing. Once it's all added, beat that for 7-8 minutes until it's thick and glossy!
This recipe makes a lot, and you can use it all on your fudge bars, or spread a thinner layer on top and save the rest!
Spread the marshmallow fluff on the chocolate with an off-set spatula and then pop it under the broiler, just for about a minute until it gets a little brown on top…
Please watch closely as it broils, because it can go from lightly toasted to burnt QUICKLY!
Allow the bars to cool completely before slicing into pieces, and then enjoy!! I love to fudge recipes, and this Smores Fudge is deliciously unique!
Smores Fudge Bars are an easy smores recipe!
AND you guys all love these bars so much they were one of the recipes I included in my book from my website! There are only a few recipes that made the cut, and these did.
Check out my book HERE!
Smores Fudge Bars ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.6 from 9 reviews Prep Time: Prep Time: 30 minutes
Cook Time: Cook Time: 10 minutes
Total Time: Total Time: 40 minutes
Yield: Yield: 25 pieces
Category: Category: Fudge
Method: Method: Stove Top
Cuisine: Cuisine: Dessert Print Pin Description makes 25 bars Ingredients Crust 2 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/2 cup butter, melted
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 tsp salt Fudge layer 2 cups milk chocolate chips
14 oz sweetened condensed milk Fluff Layer 3/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup light corn syrup
1/4 cup water
1/4 tsp salt
2 egg whites
1/4 tsp cream of tartar
1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract Instructions Preheat oven to 350° Line a 9×9 baking pan with foil. Set aside. Mix all the ingredients for your crust together and press evenly into pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. Next make your chocolate filling. In a medium sauce pan combine the milk chocolate and sweetened condense milk together over medium-low heat and stir until melted. Pour immediately onto crust. Fluff Combine sugar, corn syrup, water and salt in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Boil together until a candy thermometer reads 240°. While mixture is boiling beat 2 egg whites and cream of tartar together until soft peaks form. When syrup is ready, turn mixer onto low and drizzle the syrup along the side of the bowl slowly combining it into the egg whites. When all the syrup has been added turn mixer up to medium high and beat for 7-8 minutes until thick and glossy. When there is about one minute left add in the vanilla. Spread about 1 1/2 – 2 cups of the Fluff on top of the chocolate layer. Turn oven onto broil and place pan under broiler for 1 minute or until the top of the marshmallow layer gets lightly golden. Cut into squares when ready to serve. Notes Store bars airtight at room temperature for up to 2 days or refrigerated for up to 5 days. Store the remaining Fluff at in an airtight container, refrigerated for up to 2 weeks. 1 piece 291 37.7 g 180.1 mg 11.8 g 45 g 4.1 g 17 mg Keywords: fudge recipe, smores, smores fudge, smores recipe, marshmallow fluff, graham cracker crust
Arc earphones are the world's most comfortable custom earphones with incredible sound powered by Sonion. They will not cause you pain after prolonged use, or fall out during exercise.
Thanks to your unreserved sharing and support, we have now hit our second stretch goal of $250,000 and unlocked the Lightning and Type-C version of HelloEar Arc earphones.
For those who have purchased Bluetooth or 3.5mm jack versions of HelloEar Arc earphones, if you would like to switch to the new Lightning or Type-C version, you can easily change your perk by following the below steps:
* Find the perk you want to change to
* Click on "Select this reward instead"
* Click on "Update pledge"
Congratulations, you're all set!
We can't wait to unlock our next stretch goal, where all Bluetooth backers will receive a charging case!
Arc earphones are custom-made to provide you with the most comfortable and secure experience when enjoying music on-the-go. Each pair of Arc earphones delivers incredibly clear sound and deep rich bass for an affordable price. The earphones are crafted with pinpoint accuracy to stay firmly inside your ear, without causing any pain, for effortless listening all day long.
Patented Airbag Design Transforms to Fit Comfortably with Your Ears
Ergonomically designed, the intuitive Arc earphones provide comfort no matter how long you wear them for.
Patented Z-Lock Design Keeps Arc Earphones Snugly in Your Ears
Inspired by the Z shape sound wave reflection structure of human ears, the patented Z-Lock design ensures secure wearing no matter what activity or sport you take part in.
All audio devices should provide incredible sound custom-made or not. Arc earphones provide unrivaled sound due to an in-built professionally tuned armature speaker by Sonion. Compared with traditional moving-coil speaker units, the Arc earphone's moving-iron speaker possesses a wider frequency range, and a more accurate, richer sound.
Easy switch between Bluetooth, 3.5mm jack and Lightning (250K stretch goal) with HelloEar Arc's modular design
The control unit allows users to change the volume, skip, stop and play your favourite tracks. Arc earphone components are interchangeable for upgrades, or replacement parts. When the upgrade items are available, you can just purchase the new part instead of the whole earphone set. Soon we will add applications such as GPS, noise canceling, health data tracking amongst many others.
With Arc earphones you simply take a photo of your ear with a coin and our advanced ear recognition algorithm will customize perfect Arc earphones just for you. No more pain, earphones that fall out, or poor sound.
Custom-Made for a Lifetime
Our ears stop changing almost completely after the age of 10, which means you should only ever need one pair of Arc earphones. Although, as our new products launch, you may want to order a different type of earphone, which is why we keep your ear size and shape on our ear database to make this process as easy as possible for you.
Privacy statement: We value your privacy more than anything else. We will not give away your ear data to any third party under any circumstances without your permission. Your ear data is safe with us.
Hearing Is Loving
Support our Kickstarter campaign and help build the world's biggest human ear database. By doing so, you will help us lower the price of hearing aids from over $4,000 to less than $200.
Many of us have experienced the same issues with traditional earphones, they are made into either one single size, or three typical sizes (small, medium, large). But, when it comes to earphones, the “one size fits all” method just doesn't work. Our study shows, non-customized earphones cover only 30% of the possible ear sizes and shapes for female users. This is a widespread problem affecting millions of earphone users every day.
Human Ear Database
As one of the biggest custom-made earphones manufacturers, we know that molding is one of the most essential processes in earphone customization. The uniqueness of each ear requires comprehensive study of every ear mold. During our years of studying hundreds of thousands of ear molds, we've discovered the similarities between ears, and the key factors that bring a good wearing experience to ear products.
Ear Molding
Ear Mold Studies
HelloEar also partnered with Tsinghua University to establish the world's first human ear database dedicated for ear wear. In 2015, we conducted an experiment involving thousands of people, asking them to wear Apple's EarPods earphones and record their response. The experiment verified our discoveries on the key factors of the wearing experience and helped us to expand our ear database.
Ear Database
Ear Sizing Standard
Based on the ear database, we were able to create the world's first human ear sizing standard.
We started with finding out all possible ear shapes - all 560 kinds of them. After an in-depth study, we specified the five most-essential traits for ears. Focusing on these five key positions of the ears, enabled us to narrow down the ear types to 36 kinds, yet also cater to over 99% of the ear shapes.
With this standard, you can now choose your earphones in the same manner you would your clothes and shoes.
Ear Recognition Algorithms
We have developed a truly innovative ear recognition algorithm to automate the ear size measuring process. Rather than travelling to an appointment, or having to deal with an uncomfortable molding process, you can measure ear size from anywhere in just a few minutes.
It takes only one photo to measure your ear dimensions. Simply take a photo for each of your ears with a coin, and HelloEar's advanced ear recognition algorithm will automatically measure the dimensions of your ears with the reference of the coin size and suggest an ear size type for you.
When and how should I upload the ear reference photos?
When the campaign is finished, you will receive an email with a link. Access the link with your cellphone to take a photo of each of your ears with a coin beside them, or access the link with your computer and upload the photos. That's it!
How do I take the photos?
Which coin should I use?
To make it easy for all users around the world, we have devised a list of currencies to use for different regions. This is expandable with the key to know the coin diameter. For example, you can use a quarter if based in the United States and 1 RMB coin for China.
Arc Earphone Package (1 pair of Arc earphone, 1 earphone case)
Arc Bluetooth Earphone Package (1 pair of Arc bluetooth earphone, 1 earphone cable, 1 charging cable, 1 earphone case)
HelloEar is made up of an enthusiastic team dedicated solving problems associated with audio devices. We want to bring the best wearing experience to every individual user. At HelloEar, we value the wearing experience as much as the functions. Wearables should be an extension of us, not bulky, uncomfortable add-ons.
One of the most common issues of ear wearables, is the pain after prolonged use. Our goal is to eliminate pain, ensure earphones fit comfortably so they do not fall out, and above all else provide unbeatable sound.
But we won't stop here, HelloEar will always be striving to bring better products to people's ears so keep an eye out for our updates on social media.
We believe our standardized customization earphones will change the earphones industry forever. It is unbeatable on production, scale and price, making them accessible and affordable for everyone. No longer will anyone have to suffer with ill-fitting earphones. We've worked non-stop for four years to bring this project to this point, now you are the final missing piece for the puzzle. Help us by backing this campaign and please share it to your friends and family, and let's take the earphone wearing experience to next level together! This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct­ response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google Ads.
We are coming to 2017 CES from Jan. 5th to Jan. 8th, and will showcase HelloEar Arc along with our PRO custom in-ear monitor (CIEM) and Wonderland series. Come to our boothto try and you'll get to see all of our amazing products for yourself!
Cylor vs. The Bullets From Hell Welcome to Hell! Battle against demonic forces at the edge of the universe to reclaim your lost soul in this spooky freeware shooter.
Cylor vs. The Bullets From Hell Welcome to Hell! Battle against demonic forces at the edge of the universe to reclaim your lost soul in this spooky freeware shooter.
Quick Words and News Ahead
written June 11th, 2017 by Joe Pierce
Howdy folks, and good evening.
Got a lot of updates for you on the horizon, but since E3 is (more-or-less) underway, I figured maybe it'd be better to just pop in and do a quick bit of housekeeping & catch-ups until the onslaught of news has passed. You'll probably even miss this because of E3, probably, but that's okay! There will be much more soon enough.
(read more...)
We have no further information on UCLA but the Bloomberg anti-gun lobby is convinced it's the NRA. — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) June 1, 2016
If you haven't rolled your eyes yet today, search Twitter for "UCLA NRA." — ScottInSC (@ScottInSC) June 1, 2016
UCLA was locked down this morning after a shooting on campus. Authorities now believe it was a murder/suicide, and the lockdown is being lifted.
Shannon Watts of Moms Demand Action reacted predictably:
My husband's alma mater. When will Congress stand up to @NRA so children don't have to stand up to gunmen? https://t.co/2DpMjPUEgE #ucla — Shannon (@shannonrwatts) June 1, 2016
Call off the investigation, because Watts knows who's to blame!
Others also immediately lashed out at the NRA:
Fuck the NRA. — Wil Wheaton (@wilw) June 1, 2016
The shootings at UCLA are minutes from house. Hey idiots at the #NRA do you expect me lock and load as I'm dropping off my kids everyday? — Cenk Uygur (@cenkuygur) June 1, 2016
Fox commenting how it's sad that UCLA has webpage about shootings. Even sadder that network is mouthpiece 4 @NRA propaganda about gun reform — igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 1, 2016
Thank you #NRA Active shooter reported at UCLA; police say two people killed, campus on lockdown https://t.co/7euLXwk6hh — Sarah Leah Whitson (@sarahleah1) June 1, 2016
For many it must be easier to blame the NRA than ask themselves some obvious questions:
It's a gun free zone in an anti-gun state with universal background checks. Yet NRA's fault? Suuuuuurre https://t.co/AOOPqHqGas — Trey Chaffin (@trey_chaffin) June 1, 2016
What does the NRA have to do with this? This is a gun-free zone. https://t.co/UDuWjbL6Rd — Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) June 1, 2016
How many gun laws on the books in California?
Criminals break the law. Who is surprised that they didn't obey the law?@shannonrwatts @NRA — Ryan B. Leslie (@RyanBLeslie) June 1, 2016
Gun free zone. Gun control state. Maybe more laws isn't the answer. https://t.co/gMoN3vQ0H9 — Colonel (@laurakfillault) June 1, 2016
UCLA is a liberal gun control paradise. The NRA has nothing to do with this. https://t.co/JpfEeDzZYk — Katie Marie (@KMarie_22_) June 1, 2016
Hard to stand up to the NRA when UCLA is a gun free zone https://t.co/rItwK36ON5 — Kurl-Antony Toons (@KurlAntony) June 1, 2016
(1) If they are in college, they aren't children.
(2) Gun-free zone doesn't protect people.
(3) NRA not the bad guy. https://t.co/JhH6HkSjd2 — idnak (@kspetzman) June 1, 2016
Duh. Gun free zone… so the only person with a gun is the criminal running around killing people. Not the #NRA #2A https://t.co/gIkwRsD0I4 — Colorado REDTraci (@EXgoptraci) June 1, 2016
This post has been updated.
During a campaign event in South Carolina on Thursday, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) said that he would win over black voters with a hopeful message, not “free stuff,” according to the Washington Post.
An audience member at the East Cooper Republican Women's Club annual Shrimp Dinner asked Bush about black voters, “How are you going to include them and get them to vote for you?”
Bush mentioned his work with school choice as governor, and then said that Republicans need to attract more black voters in Virginia and Ohio.
“Our message is one of hope and aspiration,” he said, according to the Washington Post. “It isn't one of division and get in line and we'll take care of you with free stuff. Our message is one that is uplifting — that says you can achieve earned success.”
The Post noted that Bush's comments were similar to remarks made by former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012. After being booed at an NAACP event, Romney said that people who want “free stuff” shouldn't vote for him.
“If they want more stuff from government, tell them to go vote for the other guy—more free stuff. But don't forget, nothing is really free,” he said at a fundraiser in July 2012.
While speaking in South Carolina, Bush also defended his recent comment that the U.S. “should not have a multicultural society.”
“We're pluralistic,” Bush said on Thursday. “We're not multicultural. We have a set of shared values that defines our national identity. And we should never veer away from that.”
Bush's campaign issued a statement on Friday addressing his Thursday evening remarks.
“The Democrats are creating attacks where they don't exist because they know their policies have failed the tens of millions stuck in poverty and they fear Jeb's positive message of expanding opportunity for everyone,” Bush spokeswoman Allie Brandenburger said.
Watch a video of Bush's comments:
Curse, compLexity and Homeless are the first three teams invited to the MSI Beat it! US Main Qualifier where they will compete for $2,000 and a trip to the World Finals.
The US Main Qualifier will feature a total of eight teams, six of whom will be determined through invitations from the organizers, and two of whom will come through an open qualifier.
The first three teams are Curse, compLexity and Homeless, with the other three set to be announced soon. The open qualifier will be played on September 8th and will award the two final spots in the main round.
compLexity compLexity Curse Curse Homeless Homeless TBD (Open Qualifier) TBD (Open Qualifier) TBD (Invite) TBD (Invite) TBD (Invite) TBD (Invite) TBD (Invite) TBD (Invite) TBD (Open Qualifier) TBD (Open Qualifier)
The entire schedule for the 64 team open qualifier, set to be held on Sunday next weekend, is already known and listed below:
23:00 Check-in 00:00 Round of 64 01:00 Round of 32 02:00 Round of 16 03:00 Quarter-finals 04:00 Semi-finals 05:00 Grand final
MSI Beat it! US Main Qualifier will be played out in league format on September 10-15th, with the finishers heading home $2,000 richer and qualifying for MSI Beat it! 2013 World Finals.
Tuesday (10th Sept) Group #1 Wednesday (11th Sept) Group #2 Saturday (14th Sept) Quarter and semi-finals Sunday (15th Sept) Grand final
You can find more information about the North American MSI Beat it! 2013 World Finals qualification at fnatic's website. Remaining teams will be announced shortly.
A few weeks ago it was announced that Netflix is adapting Richard K. Morgan's 2002 sci-fi novel Altered Carbon, and that the main character, Takeshi Kovacs, will be played by Joel Kinnaman.
This guy. Playing somebody named Takeshi, who is specifically described in the articles as being at least biracial Japanese.
In the wake of the Ghost in the Shell debacle and the #whitewashedOUT hashtag, I flipped my lid. But then it was pointed out to me that the casting was technically canon, as the original novel is about super soldier Takeshi being inserted into the body of a white detective, Elias Ryker, to solve a crime. For the first time it was an actual canon-sanctioned whitewashing, and I felt as if I had prematurely jumped to conclusions.
But still, I felt off about the concept. Literature and TV are two very different mediums, with TV obviously being more visual and leaving less to the imagination. A white man playing the part of an Asian man stuck in a white body? How could that not feel ridiculous, at best, and be offensive, at worst?
And did Takeshi's body have to be white? With only eight percent of the top grossing sci-fi films starring a protagonist of color (Keanu Reeves being the only Asian), and only four percent of any TV characters being Asian, did we really need another show featuring a white guy, especially if it came at the expense of a character's Asianness being subsumed under a white veneer?
Because let's be real, Asians are erased pretty frequently when it comes to Hollywood sci-fi adaptations. Firefly, the Star Wars series, and Blade Runner all heavily rely on Asian aesthetics to convey a futuristic feel, and yet there are no Asians in lead roles. Cloud Atlas was about souls reincarnating into any body regardless of race, and yet most of the actors were white, which led them to yellowface when one of the plotlines took place in future Korea. Ex Machina abused and quite literally skinned its Asian robots. The live-action Ghost in the Shell cast Scarlett Johansson as Motoko Kusanagi. And Battle Angel Alita had a shortlist of four actresses, none of whom were Asian, to play the lead character.
Hollywood definitely has a history of erasing Asians in stories that should reasonably have Asians, and choosing to adapt Altered Carbon felt like a clever way for them to continue doing the same ol' but without the criticism of whitewashing.
This ate at me, so I decided to just read the first novel and see the Takeshi/Ryker dynamic for myself.
And y'all. Kinnaman should not have been cast. This is still a case of Hollywood whitewashing.
Why? Because the novel is entirely about Takeshi — his mind, memories, and feelings, as well as his distinctly Japanese cultural experiences. The novel goes to great lengths to differentiate between Takeshi's consciousness and the body he's inserted into — a vitally important distinction considering he's inserted into more than one throughout the course of the book. Takeshi is the core of the story; Ryker might as well just be a suit he puts on and happens to wear the most.
By making it more about the body than the soul, I would argue that the adaptation has already missed the point of the novel, before it's even begun.
Does that sound too harsh? But wait. I come bearing receipts.
To understand the Takeshi/Ryker dynamic I need to explain the body swapping. It's complicated, so know I'm boiling it down to the bare minimum here. Altered Carbon takes place in the 25th century where humanity has figured out how to store all of human consciousness onto a virtual “stack” in the spine. Because consciousness is now digitized, death is obsolete. As long as their stacks remain undamaged, people can be endlessly “sleeved” into new bodies.
Where do the bodies come from? Well, some are organically grown and others are synthetically made. But it's the third option that's the most important: if someone gets sent to prison, only their stack goes; their body, meanwhile, is put on the rack for other people to wear until they get out. (Yes, now's the time to feel creeped out.)
Takeshi is no stranger to being resleeved. As an intergalactic super soldier, he's used to being deployed across the galaxy and sleeved into whatever he's assigned, regardless of how similar it looks to him. It is implied that Takeshi has been in a few bodies before he's sleeved into the white, middle-aged body of detective Elias Ryker.
Yes, you read that right; Ryker is a middle-aged man. A chain-smoking, middle-aged man with a weather-beaten face and streaks of gray in his hair, so Kinnaman, at 36, is already not “canon.” Hollywood, I see you.
And how do we know Takeshi is not white like Ryker, other than his obvious name? Because he says so.
“I stood there and toweled myself dry, getting used to the face. It was basically Caucasian, which was a change for me.” (pg 41)
“I went to the wall and stared up at the floating sleeve. Slim, hard looking, and brown, with the delicately lifted Japanese eyes on the shelf of unscalably high cheekbones, a thick, straight drift of impenetrably black hair like seaweed in the tank fluid… It was like looking at myself under glass. The self I'd built somewhere in the coils of memory that trail all the way back to childhood. Suddenly I stood, exiled into Caucasian flesh, on the wrong side of the mirror.” (pg 642)
Takeshi is clearly not white, and based on how much he notes the change, I would argue that even if he's only biracially Asian, he's not remotely white passing, either.
And for the record, other than a few lines like this, Ryker's whiteness is not integral to the story. I personally like how the novel plays with Takeshi rejecting the whiteness, but the Ryker sleeve could just as easily have been a middle-aged Asian man, and in fact it would make sense if it was, considering that Ryker lives in an ethnically diverse, future San Francisco. It would still not change the body dysphoria that Takeshi feels because, surprise, it's still not his original body, and not all Asians look the same!
And then there's the fact that Takeshi is very much culturally Japanese — something that would've been a great step in terms of representation with a Japanese actor, but might feel rather appropriative with a white actor.
Takeshi feels homesickness when he walks by a restaurant that smells of “teriyaki, frying tempura, and the undercurrent of miso.” He spaces out remembering a ramen bar he would frequent. His early memories involve getting caught up in the local yakuza. When he's unwillingly put on the case, he says he “didn't ask to join this Noh dance,” Noh being a Japanese masked drama. To explain what the Big Bad of the story reminds him of, he recites a horror story of a Tengu, a Japanese demon. He's put into a gi to fight in at one point, and at another point mentions that the futuristic armor he's given feels like “samurai armor.” A character he meets from his past calls him “Takeshi-san” and he notes that she always starts off in Japanese with him to “establish some kind of common ground.”
If they don't cast an Asian man to co-lead and Kinnaman ends up acting out all these instances, it's going to be an interesting exercise in how to downplay the fact that he's going to come off a certain way. There are certain connotations to a white man waxing poetic about all things Japanese, and it is not cute.
And then there's the fact that Takeshi repeatedly distances himself from the Ryker sleeve throughout the novel, to the point where Ryker's sleeve becomes something you're only peripherally aware and reminded of when it causes Takeshi trouble, or when the people around him attempt to engage with Ryker, not realizing someone else is sleeved in.
“I'm not Ryker,” Takeshi snaps numerous times. At one point he speaks and notes that Ryker's voice sounds “alien to my ears.” There's a scene where Takeshi actually describes the person in the mirror as “him,” and at the end of it Takeshi notes, “I shifted behind his eyes.”
And then there's this scene where Takeshi, while drunk, still uses an analogy to make it clear how separate he feels from the Ryker sleeve:
“In a wood-paneled toilet somewhere, I stared into a fragmented mirror at the face I was wearing as if it had committed a crime against me. Or as if I was waiting for someone else to emerge from behind the seamed features. The mirror didn't fit its frame; there were pointed jags dug into the plastic edges, holding the star-shaped center precariously in place. Too many edges, I muttered to myself. None of these fits together.
The words seemed significant, like an accidental rhythm and rhyme in ordinary speech. I didn't think I'd ever be able to repair this mirror. I was going to cut my fingers to shreds, just trying.
I left Ryker's face in the mirror.” (pgs 840-841)
The experience of reading Altered Carbon is like playing a first-person shooter. You rarely “see” Ryker, other than when the physical body is injured, or when Takeshi walks past a reflective surface. But you're with, and hear, Takeshi at all times. This works in novel form, where it's entirely up to you to decide when and how Takeshi versus Ryker materializes in the story — there are certain instances where Ryker is acknowledged more than Takeshi, or when it becomes mind versus body, like when Ryker's body craves a cigarette but Takeshi doesn't smoke. That nuance and ability to interpret differently does not apply to such a visual medium like TV. Our mind is not able to superimpose Takeshi over Kinnaman's face. Unless they cast an Asian man as a co-lead to act out half the scenes, for all intents and purposes this is just another case of a white man playing an Asian character.
The person they should've cast first to carry the series is Takeshi, with a white actor as a supporting character who we only glimpse at briefly. Takeshi had sleeves before Ryker, and in the other two books in the series, he certainly has sleeves after Ryker. By prioritizing Ryker over Takeshi, and by announcing a big(ish) name white actor first, they've already gone about it backwards. Even if they cast an “original body” Takeshi later, it's already clear they see this as Kinnaman's story.
It's such a terrible missed opportunity, especially in the wake of the Ghost in the Shell casting, as it's yet another example where people are going to attempt to explain away why an Asian consciousness is being housed in a white body, and why Hollywood can't really show said Asian.
This is yet another obvious example where an Asian could have reasonably been cast as the lead, and the cinematography could've played with that in innovative ways — think how they switch between the sensates in Netflix's other sci-fi property, Sense8.
And sure, Takeshi is a grade A, stereotypical macho character: incredibly cocky, violent, and oversexed at times. But he's also equal parts funny, sad, and lost, and he feels deeply protective of the downtrodden and the poor. He's exactly the type of three-dimensional character that Asians are rarely allowed to be in American TV and films.
And just a note on future castings: Altered Carbon's main cast in the books is almost entirely comprised of Asian women and one Latina who plays a central role. I don't want to oversell the novel on this as the way it treats these women varies from mildly to extremely problematic, but it'll be interesting to see how Hollywood approaches the casting. If the rest of the casting goes the way of Kinnaman, it'll just be further confirmation that Hollywood ain't ish.
Two Royal Australian Navy (RAN) vessels have conducted a number of exercises with the French Navy and Spanish Armada's warships, which were carried out in waters to the north of Darwin.
The ships included HMAS Success, HMAS Parramatta, the French Mistral and Courbet, and Spain's Cristobal Colon.
The vessels carried out replenishment at sea (RAS) approaches, which is an essential skill for all warships requiring fuel, provisions or personnel during operations.
HMAS Success commanding officer commander Grant Zilko said that the exercises improved interoperability among the three navies: “Interacting with other navies in this manner strengthens ties between nations and allows us to understand different defence capabilities.”
The French Navy's Mistral and Courbet were deployed in the north of Australia as part of their Mission Jeanne d'Arc 2017, which is a five-month training programme for 137 junior officers.
"Interacting with other navies in this manner strengthens ties between nations and allows us to understand different defence capabilities."
The Spanish ship Cristobal Colon is providing platform and familiarisation training to Australian personnel who are to embark on the Australian Navy's future Aegis-guided missile destroyer, NUSHIP Hobart as part of the engagement.
HMAS Success Watch officer lieutenant Hannah Phelps said that these international exercises enabled the navies to learn from each other and enhance their warfighting skills.
Phelps said: “This was a great opportunity for us to all work together and to hone our mariner skills.”
HMAS Success is currently preparing for Exercise Talisman Sabre 2017 combined Australian and US training activity that takes place every two years.
Image: FNS Mistral (left) and ESPS Cristobal Colon exercised with HMA ships Success and Parramatta in waters to the north of Australia. Photo: courtesy of Royal Australian Navy.
The Crimson Pact Your patron is one of royal blood, a prestigious vampire with countless thralls and servants under them. Whether you're the leader of a fanatic vampire cult, a loyal servant or a distant vampiric relative, you've been granted the powers of the crimson blood that flows through your patron's veins, normally at the price of becoming another tool to expand your lord's influence, you've been granted the ability to command and create the unholy masses. Expanded Spell List The Crimson Pact allows you to choose from an expanded list of spells when you learn a warlock spell. The following spells are added to the warlock spell list for you: 1st: False Life, Inflict Wounds
2nd: Gentle Repose, Alter Self
3rd: Bestow Curse, Feign Death
4th: Death Ward, Wall of bones
5th: Contagion, Graveyard Mists Necrotic Feast Your undead minions can gorge themselves on recently fallen foes, regaining 1hp per ¼ challenge rating or level of the creature. feasting upon a corpse requires one that has flesh, and the act is a full round action, the amount of times that this can be done on the same corpse depends on the size, small can be feasted upon once, medium twice, large three times and so on. Knowledge of the Crypts At 6th level, your patron bestows upon you knowledge of necrotic rituals to create a myriad of undead, further rituals to expand the types of undead available can be gained through ancient tomes and research, you learn the rituals Exhume and Roll the Bones, these spells can only be cast as rituals. The amount of undead that can be controlled at once is equal to double your warlock spell slots. (These extra rituals cannot be gained via leveling up and you can only cast rituals higher than level 5 if you have the mystic arcanum for that slot) Royal Horde At 10th level you are granted the power of your patron's ruling blood, increasing the health of your undead by your warlock level and increasing their attack by your proficiency bonus Vampiric Fortitude At 14th level you inherit the immortality of your patron, gaining immunity to disease and resistance to poison and necrotic damage. Also if you reach 0hp, you may instead be dropped to 1hp, this ability can only be used again after a short rest.
New Spells Exhume 1st-level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 10 Minutes
10 Minutes Range: 60 feet
60 feet Components: V, S, M (a drop of your own blood)
V, S, M (a drop of your own blood) Duration: Instantaneous Choose an unoccupied 20-foot square within range – note that the area must have solid earth beneath it; this spell fails if cast on the upper floor of a building. This spell then causes one pile of humanoid bones to rise out of the ground within that square. If you cast this spell within a burial place such as a graveyard, mausoleum or barrow, 1d4 piles of bones are exhumed instead of 1. The ground itself is not changed or disturbed by this spell; the bones simply appear out of the ground. Roll the Bones 3rd-level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 10 Minutes
10 Minutes Range: 5 Feet
5 Feet Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a moonstone gem worth 200g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a moonstone gem worth 200g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a single small or medium sized humanoid skeleton, entwining necrotic energy into the bones, bringing them to unlife and creating a small or medium sized skeleton. This creature is loyal to you and will follow your verbal orders to the best of it's abilities, you can also use a bonus action to give a non verbal order. Sew the Flesh 3rd-level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting TIme: 10 Minutes
10 Minutes Range: 5 Feet
Feet Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, A pound of flesh, a green opal gem worth 200g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, A pound of flesh, a green opal gem worth 200g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a previously animated skeleton under your control, weaving flesh and guts into the bone, creating a zombie, and inheriting the zombies stat block and ability scores, with the exception of intelligence, which remains at the skeleton's 8. Alternatively, this ritual can be cast upon a small or medium humanoid corpse, creating a zombie under the casters will, a zombie created this way does not gain the skeletons intelligence. Tame the Beast 3rd-Level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 10 Minutes
10 Minutes Range: 5 Feet
5 Feet Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, A days rations, a green opal gem worth 200g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, A days rations, a green opal gem worth 200g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a small or medium beast's corpse, imbuing it with necrotic energies and bringing it to unlife, this creature can only understand languages you speak but only when you speak them. You can also use a bonus action to give it a non verbal order. Imbue the Unholy 5th-Level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 30 Minutes
30 Minutes Range: 5 feet
5 feet Components: V, S, M (A chalise worth 500g , A diamond worth 300g)
V, S, M (A chalise worth 500g , A diamond worth 300g) Duration: Instantaneous You commence a bloodletting ritual, taking at least 20hp worth of damage through the use of a dagger or similar bladed object to fill the chalise and target a willing undead creature, causing one of the following effects: Imbue the Body - You increase a ability score by +2 Imbue the Tongue - The targeted undead learns to speak and write a language (Requires at least 8 INT) Imbue the Soul - The targeted creature becomes self aware, and stops counting towards your maximum undead, although it can no longer be controlled by you. (Requires at least 8 Int) (Each time you use the same effect on a single undead, the ritual requires an additional 20hp, the additional blood created by this does not need to be supplied in the ritual and can be done before-hand, but still needs to be yours.)
Twist the Form 5th-Level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 20 Minutes
20 Minutes Range: 5 Foot
5 Foot Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a ruby worth 300g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a ruby worth 300g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a willing zombie, twisting it's body into a grotesque figure and creating a ghoul, the zombie in question must have at least 10 dexes and 6 int, this ghoul follows your verbal orders to the best of it's abilities and can be ordered non verbally using a bonus action. Corrupt the Form 6th-Level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 20 Minutes
20 Minutes Range: 5 Foot
5 Foot Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a ruby worth 300g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a ruby worth 300g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a willing ghoul, corrupting it's already impure form and transforming it into a ghast, this ghast will follow your verbal orders to the best of it's abilities and can be ordered nonverbally using a bonus action. Tempt the Soul 6th-Level Necromancy (Ritual)
Casting Time: 20 Minutes
20 Minutes Range: 5 Foot
5 Foot Components: V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a amethyst worth 300g)
V, S, M (A drop of your own blood, a amethyst worth 300g) Duration: Instantaneous You target a willing zombie, twisting it's soul and heart, resulting in a wight, the zombie in question requires a minimum of 8 wisdom and intelligence, this wight will follow your verbal orders to the best of it's abilities and can be ordered non verbally using a bonus action.
New and Revised Creatures and Templates Medium Humanoid Zombie Template Medium Undead, Neutral Evil Armor Class 8
8 Hit Points 22(3d8+9)
22(3d8+9) Speed 20ft. STR DEX CON INT WIS CHA 13 (+1) 6 (-2) 16 (+3) 3 (-4) 6 (-2) 5 (-3) Condition Immunities None
None Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 8
Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 8 Languages Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak.
Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak. Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
1/4 (50 XP) Immunities Poison Undead Fortitude. If damage reduces the zombie to 0 hit points, it must make a Constitution saving throw with a DC of 5 +the damage taken, unless the damage is radiant or from a critical hit. On a success, the zombie drops to 1 hit point in stead. Animated Flesh. Zombies possess the physical abilities they had in life. Actions Slam. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d6 + 1) bludgeoning damage. Small Humanoid Zombie Template Small Undead, Neutral Evil Armor Class 12
12 Hit Points 19 (3d8+6)
19 (3d8+6) Speed 15ft. STR DEX CON INT WIS CHA 9 (-1) 14 (+2) 10 (0) 3 (-4) 6 (-2) 5 (-3) Condition Immunities None
None Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 8
Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 8 Languages Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak.
Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak. Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
1/4 (50 XP) Immunities Poison Undead Fortitude. If damage reduces the zombie to 0 hit points, it must make a Constitution saving throw with a DC of 5 +the damage taken, unless the damage is radiant or from a critical hit. On a success, the zombie drops to 1 hit point in stead. Animated Flesh. Zombies possess the physical abilities they had in life. Actions Slam. Melee Weapon Attack: +1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 3 (1d6 + -1) bludgeoning damage.
Medium Humanoid Skeleton Template Medium Undead, Lawful Evil Armor Class 12
12 Hit Points 13 (2d8+4)
13 (2d8+4) Speed 30ft. STR DEX CON INT WIS CHA 10 (0) 14 (+2) 15 (+2) 8 (0) 8 (-1) 5 (-3) Condition Immunities None
None Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 9
Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 9 Languages Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak.
Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak. Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
1/4 (50 XP) Vulnerabilities Bludgeoning
Bludgeoning Immunities Poison
Poison Condition Immunities Exhaustion, Poisoned Actions Small Humanoid Skeleton Template Small Undead, Lawful Evil Armor Class 12
12 Hit Points 13 (2d8+4)
13 (2d8+4) Speed 25ft. STR DEX CON INT WIS CHA 8 (-2) 16 (+2) 14 (+2) 8 (0) 8 (-1) 5 (-3) Condition Immunities None
None Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 9
Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 9 Languages Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak.
Understands the languages it knew in life but is unable to speak. Challenge 1/4 (50 XP)
1/4 (50 XP) Vulnerabilities Bludgeoning
Bludgeoning Immunities Poison
Poison Condition Immunities Exhaustion, Poisoned Actions
Columbus is not a city that quits. We are a city full of ideas, the latest of which we fervently hope sparks a communitywide venture able to keep the Crew SC's owner from moving our soccer team to Austin.
City and business leaders need to iron out details, but we thank Doug Kridler, the president and CEO of the Columbus Foundation, for a last-minute pitch that takes an optimistic, we-can-do-this approach. He has outlined a plan to place a new Crew stadium in the Downtown culture-and-arts Discovery District.
It would be near the Columbus College of Art & Design and Columbus State University: Soccer fans!
It would be walkable from upscale condo and apartment neighborhoods, office towers and hotels: Soccer fans!
And it would have a parking garage to lure suburbanites: Soccer fans!
Significant details still need attention, and there are likely many other ideas to consider. So, leaders of Columbus, take a good idea and make it better. Make it work for Columbus. Kridler rolled out his plan without first talking to other civic and business leaders because he wanted to call attention to this important matter on the day that Crew SC plays to a packed house at home. But given his day job, he has a pretty good finger on the pulse of community support.
The proposed 17-acre site is a tad bigger than the Crew's current 15-acre footprint by the fairgrounds (not including the parking), so some might wonder whether it's big enough. We note that the wildly successful Huntington Park baseball stadium is cozier than the old Cooper Stadium, and that worked out great; full seats give games more fan energy.
Now is not the time for community and political leaders to sit around and pick apart Kridler's idea without offering a constructive alternative. Franklin County Commissioner John O'Grady, we get that you're not interested in chipping in any sales tax, so what can you and your fellow commissioners do?
Mayor Andrew J. Ginther, throwing up your hands after an awkward and unproductive meeting with Crew and Major League Soccer officials isn't acceptable in a can-do city. That is not The Columbus Way. Get back in the game and make something happen. At least offer a plan.
After flying to New York on Oct. 16 to meet with Precourt and MLS Commissioner Don Garber, Ginther indicated that further talks would be useless. In a joint statement with Alex Fischer, the CEO of the Columbus Partnership, who also attended, Ginther said the league and Crew ownership “did not come to the meeting willing to commit to staying in Columbus. We know this is heartbreaking for the dedicated fans.”
Precourt Sports Ventures, however, said that it hadn't heard an “actionable plan and legitimate offer” from Fischer and Ginther.
Enter Kridler, who offers a plan that would piece together state grants, a smidge of county sales tax, city infrastructure dollars, crowdfunding and Precourt money to build a new stadium. This all would be linked by an “Avenue of Champions” to the Arena District and Greater Columbus Convention Center: Soccer fans!
Precourt Sports Ventures' reaction to this idea sounds somewhat hopeful; it said “PSV remains open to productive dialogue.”
Community and business leaders should offer constructive, plausible solutions that could keep this major asset in Columbus. This is a charter city for Major League Soccer and the team has an irreplaceable history in this city. It's also a point of pride.
Columbus has always rallied to meet its challenges. Community leaders with community support took a middling town and, with ideas that seemed starry at the time, turned it into an internationally recognized tech center, the nation's 14th-largest city and a hip, happening big city that attracts young professionals, families and entrepreneurs.
It's the 89th minute, and it's time for leaders to step up and win this for Columbus: Soccer fans!
Two years ago, Canada's Ministry of Public Safety was aware of 60 “extremist travelers” who had returned to Canada out of 180 people who were abroad and suspected of engaging in terrorism.
“Don't mean to sound too flippant, but we need to put ‘threat' in context,” Amarasingam continued.
“I think Canadians need to calm the fuck down,” tweeted an exasperated Amarnath Amarasingam, a renowned expert on Western foreign fighters at the University of Waterloo on Tuesday. “We don't have dozens of highly trained fighters back here. Most are dead. Some women and their kids will definitely come back. And we need to think about how to rehabilitate and reintegrate these kids.
Unlike England and France, which are seeing hundreds of fighters who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants return home, Canada should not expect a big influx of battle-hardened returnees, say experts, who are urging for calm amid recent alarms raised over the issue.
Read more
Unlike England and France, which are seeing hundreds of fighters who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants return home, Canada should not expect a big influx of battle-hardened returnees, say experts, who are urging for calm amid recent alarms raised over the issue.
“I think Canadians need to calm the fuck down,” tweeted an exasperated Amarnath Amarasingam, a renowned expert on Western foreign fighters at the University of Waterloo on Tuesday. “We don't have dozens of highly trained fighters back here. Most are dead. Some women and their kids will definitely come back. And we need to think about how to rehabilitate and reintegrate these kids.
“Don't mean to sound too flippant, but we need to put ‘threat' in context,” Amarasingam continued.
Two years ago, Canada's Ministry of Public Safety was aware of 60 “extremist travelers” who had returned to Canada out of 180 people who were abroad and suspected of engaging in terrorism.
I think that number is open to all kinds of questions.
Official Opposition Leader Andrew Scheer demanded on Monday during Question Period that the government disclose how many returning Islamic State fighters “are now being welcomed back to Canada by the prime minister with the promise of reintegration services to help them,” in reference to the government's preferred approach of aiming to reintegrate returnees instead of killing them abroad.
Goodale reiterated that the number of returnees known to the Canadian government is in the “order of 60.”
“Although we do not anticipate a large influx of returning foreign fighters, the government of Canada takes the threat they may pose very seriously, and we will continue to monitor and respond to the threat as appropriate,” Public Safety Canada spokesperson Karine Martle told VICE News in an email.
The debate in the House of Commons comes after a report last month from the US-based Soufan Centre said 5,600 ISIS fighters had returned from Iraq and Syria to their countries of origin. This includes about 400 of the 3,417 fighters from Russia, 760 of the 3,244 from Saudi Arabia, 800 of the 2,926 from Tunisia, 271 of the 1,910 from France, and 425 of the 850 people from the UK.
The study said the flow of foreign fighters to Syria and Iraq came to a halt in late 2015, after ISIS began to suffer serious battlefield blows and countries implemented tighter travel restrictions.
Researchers studying Western fighters abroad say Canada should not expect a flood of returning foreign fighters, while urging the government to be more transparent about whom the 60 supposed returnees in the country are.
“I think that number is open to all kinds of questions,” Lorne Dawson, another University of Waterloo professor studying Western foreign fighters, told VICE News. “We've inquired about the number and have received evasive answers.”
Dawson explains the initial figure of 180 people leaving Canada to fight includes everyone who has gone overseas to do anything terrorism-related. This includes, for example, those who went abroad and interacted with family members with connections to organizations like Hezbollah, and Canadian residents who travelled to Libya in the lead-up to the overthrow of dictator Muammar Gadaffi — not necessarily people who went to join ISIS in Syria and Iraq. They could also be returnees from conflicts in Yemen and Somalia.
“It's really a big grab bag of people. It certainly shouldn't be interpreted as those who were engaged in combat or warfare or serious terrorism in Syria or Iraq,” he said.
The Canadian government has been very sloppy with how it talks about returnees.
Since 2012, about 100 people have left for Syria and Iraq, according to Dawson and Amarasingam's research. The professors can identify 65 of them by name. Most joined ISIS or Jabhat al-Nusra, an al-Qaeda affiliate, which are listed terrorist groups. Others joined groups that aren't formally listed terrorist entities and therefore won't be charged if they return.
“The Canadian government has been very sloppy with how it talks about returnees,” said Amarasingam, going on to explain why the numbers security officials have floated need more context.
He estimates that 22 former Canadian residents who joined ISIS or Jabhat al-Nusra have since died.
That death toll could be higher, especially since the conflict has become particularly lethal for ISIS members in the past few months, making it more difficult for researchers to communicate with sources on the ground.
Another issue is that the government includes in their number of returnees at least 6 people who went to Syria, came back to Canada, and left again (and possibly died), said Dawson. One example is Ahmed Waseem, of Windsor, who returned to Canada claiming that he'd been injured near the Syrian border. He later returned to Syria despite his imam and family's efforts to get him to stay, and may have died there.
Dawson said he's aware of about a dozen ISIS fighters who have returned. He expects the grand total Canada will ever see is between 20 and 25. Based on statistics from previous conflicts, it's safe to assume at least a third of those who have gone abroad to join ISIS have died, and that half of those who are left won't return to Canada, knowing they'll likely to be charged with terrorism offences. He expects them to move to places where they believe the struggle is continuing — Yemen, Somalia, and the Philippines, for example.
It only takes one individual to make their way back into Canada, who is still seriously radicalized
Of those who do come back to Canada, a third will be likely disillusioned with the cause and another third will be suffering from PTSD, which is likely to neutralize them as a threat, Dawson said.
“The threat to Canada is small, it's manageable, but it's very real,” said Dawson. “It only takes one individual to make their way back into Canada, who is still seriously radicalized.”
Classic intelligence practices say the best approach is to track returnees and engage in a long debriefing process upon their return to Canada. Unless there's enough evidence to lay criminal charges, then let them go, Dawson explained. Next, intelligence officials would see if there's enough evidence based on their social media activity to issue a terrorism peace bond. While the suspect is on a peace bond, Canadian authorities would work with international agencies to collect information to build a case for prosecution.
The government would not go into specifics into how returning foreign fighters are monitored, but outlined a number of other security measures that are already in place. The Criminal Code makes it an offence to leave or attempt to leave Canada to commit certain terrorist acts, and the RCMP's National Security Joint Operations Centre examines cases of “extremist travelers” to coordinate responses.
The Passenger Protect Program, otherwise known as a no-fly list, is supposed to mitigate threats to transportation security and disrupt travel for terrorism purposes by denying boarding. The government can also cancel, revoke, or refuse passports in order to prevent national security threats, a Public Safety official told VICE News.
But Canada needs to be “much more transparent about these numbers and how they are calculated,” said Amarasingam. “Too much needless classification, which is creating too much needless confusion and alarm.”
Detroit Lions Win Against Indianapolis Colts In Week One
Finally after waiting months for football to return and watching meaningless preseason games get played, the 2016 NFL season is underway! Week one for the Detroit Lions took them to Indianapolis to take on Andrew Luck and the Colts. Detroit had an impressive first half, but the second half was a struggle for them to get things going again. Detroit ended up winning in a crazy finish, so let's go ahead and break this down.
http://gty.im/602999032
Offense
Matt Stafford looked well, going 31 for 39 for 340 yards and three touchdowns. He did make a bad throw to Marvin Jones that almost was picked off by Antonio Cromartie, but he was able to escape pressure most of the game. Leaving the pocket to get a first down or keeping the play alive. Stafford looked solid today and seemed to be just fine without number 81 as he leads the team to a game winning field goal.
The running game seemed to improve with Ameer Abdullah having 12 carries for 63 yards, one play he was able to break a tackle and run to the opposite side of the field for a gain of 13. Theo Riddick had seven carries for 45 yards, one going 21 yards for a touchdown, but he did leave the game with an injury but returned. Dwayne Washington even got to play with two carries for a yard and a touchdown.
Receiving was lead by Golden Tate who had seven catches for 41 yards, while Marvin Jones had four catches for 85 yards. Theo Riddick had five catches for 63 yards and Eric Ebron had five catches for 46 yards and a touchdown. Ameer Abdullah had five catches for 57 yards and a touchdown. Anquan Boldin had three catches for 35 yards and even Andre Roberts got a catch in for eight yards. Stafford peppered the receiving corps throughout the game.
The offensive line impressed in the first half, creating holes for the running game and protecting Stafford well. The second half was worse, Detroit couldn't run at all in the third quarter and Stafford was faced with pressure constantly. They would improve in the fourth quarter, but you have to be good in all four quarters.
http://gty.im/602998976
Defense
The defensive line did well today, but not as well as many expected against a weak and beat up Colts offensive line. They were able to create pressure early, but later in the game they were getting locked up. Andrew Luck was sacked two times by Kerry Hyder and the Colts had 29 yards on the ground on 11 carries. Ziggy Ansah had two tackles and a tackle for loss, Devin Taylor had six tackles, Tyrunn Walker with four and Haloti Ngata had two along with a pass deflection.
Linebacking had a lot mistakes today. Tahir Whitehead messed up the coverage assignment and allowed Dwayne Allen to get a touchdown in the third quarter and was later beat again, luckily the second time the pass was incomplete. Whitehead had 10 tackles and two pass deflections. DeAndre Levy looked off with four tackles and a pass deflection, but had a costly taunting penalty that gave the Colts another chance on a drive in the fourth quarter- he would blow coverage costing them a touchdown. Kyle Van Noy did have a pass deflection, but besides that was quiet.
The defensive backs for Detroit did well to begin the game, but as the game went on, they started making mistakes and leaving guys open. Darius Slay had four tackles, but got beat deep by Phillip Dorsett. Nevin Lawson had four tackles and Quandre Diggs had six tackles. Glover Quin got beat by Donte Moncrief near the goal line for a touchdown, but he did have three tackles and a pass deflection. The other starting safety Tavon Wilson had four tackles.
Special Teams did somewhat well in the kicking game as Matt Prater missed one extra point attempt, but would make the game winning field goal from 43 yards out. Sam Martin had four punts for 235 yards with two ending inside the 20. The return game for Detroit wasn't impressive as Andre Roberts had a punt return for -1 yard and 22 yards on a kick return.
Week One What it Means
Detroit having two running backs that can run and catch reminds me of 2013 with Reggie Bush and Joique Bell. If Detroit can continue to create holes for their backs and be a factor in the passing game, will have a crazy offense being able to run well and throw to many options.
No Calvin Johnson today and guess what? Detroit could still put up some points. All of the talk of the offseason where Detroit couldn't live without him seems to be a myth as Stafford still could sling it without Megatron out there.
The offensive line improving means Detroit could possibly be able to run the ball more and better, along with helping out the passing game and Matt Stafford. Detroit has struggled to block the past two seasons, especially last season. With this problem getting reduced, as they still had issues, it will give Detroit more chances to win and stay in games.
Week One What to Think About
Detroit had a meltdown in the second half. They were able to put up 21 points in the first half, but only 18 in the second half. The defense allowed only 10 points in the first, then 25 in the next. Detroit will need to play all four quarters and not give teams chances in the second half. You can't win games by playing two quarters, need to play all four.
DeAndre Levy seemed way off. He was taunting the Colts bench, something unlike him, and in some of the coverage assignments he was beat and juked out easily. Got to wonder if he will be the same or if he has lost a step.
Ziggy Ansah, while having a sack today, was mostly quiet and in a possible contract year, he needs to look good if he wants to get paid. Bob Quinn will be watching him closely as his performance this year will have an impact on how much money Detroit will offer him at the end of the season.
Thanks for reading! Don't forget to follow me on Twitter @BKnappBlogs, find me on Reddit at /u/sportsguy4life and leave me your thoughts on the Detroit Lions subreddit.
Saturday, 18th November, 2017 5:05pm
Have your
SIR – A politician in Wales killed himself from the shock of being accused of things relating to alleged inappropriate sexual contact with women. He had been immediately sacked from his position of opposition front bench and suspended membership of the Labour Party.
He was not told who accused him or the nature of the complaints. He had no charges laid against him, never saw a courtroom, yet he could not hang on while this mental storm was raging. The cruel will say his death denotes ‘guilt,' however trivial, or even factual. RIP.
There is a plethora of excuses which today sees society given the 'right' to despise men, publicly, even when behaving normally, and doing nothing more than flirting with a woman in the 'old-fashioned' sense. This now can be called harassment, and much worse, it seems.
After all, there is Harvey Weinstein factor, now lately on the scene to reinforce the stereotype that all men are creeps, and if they are not all known to be such, it is only because they've not all been found out yet. It follows men are a 'natural' danger within their own families, without men feeling safe to express outrage at such a suggestion.
Men are in effect, silenced. The ‘New Inquisition' is well under way, and men, if we're still allowed to call ourselves such an offensive word, as the outlawed gender, have no say.
The disturbing factor is, in the midst of all of this misandry, it is males who will not defend themselves in demanding we are looked upon as decent human beings, and frequently will agree that all the negativity is justified. The hapless male is expected to bleat that, even though we have the 'potential' to be the scum of the Earth, and attempt to convince the closed-minded man-haters and the attendant sycophants that we shy away from our ‘natural' instincts which begins with the disrespect for women we are told we are born with?
I mean, the human race could go into definite decline if men are told they must not approach prospective women they fancy because of being branded as having only the one thing on their mind, and love and being close to a woman, with honourable intentions, including the sexual nature of both men and women, becomes suspect in men, only.
The fact is, respect for the male is all but lost, and it's as if this is a welcome evolutionary distinction, we are assured. This is how the cowed media and chastened overall political agendas lead people to easily accept as proven that men are an inherently violent / inferior gender, with reasons to be constantly accounting for our role in this world.
Since the time of the introduction of divorce, the onslaught against Irish men has been unrelenting, to the point where if we ask for a leg to stand on, it is immediately countered with how could we possibly feel we have a right to feel marginalised and be subject to lies and legal subjugation just because we are men?
Robert Sullivan,
Bantry.
