Follow John
2013 Tesla Model S
Most advocates and industry analysts expect lithium-ion batteries to dominate electric-car energy storage for the rest of this decade.
But is Silicon Valley startup carmaker Tesla Motors [NSDQ:TSLA] planning to add a new type of battery to increase the range of its electric cars?
The high-end 2013 Tesla Model S with an 85-kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery pack is EPA-rated at 265 miles of range.
(Real-world range can be lowed, depending on a number of factors, including temperature, speed, and driving style.)
8 patent applications
But as a commenter on the Tesla Motors forum and a recent article on the stock investing site SeekingAlpha have noted, Tesla has filed for eight separate patents on uses of metal-air battery technology.
Take, for instance, "Efficient Dual Source Battery Pack System for an Electric Vehicle," which is Tesla's patent application # 20120041625.
Two of the three names on the application are JB Straubel, Tesla's chief technical officer, and Kurt Kelty, its lead battery engineer.
The metals covered for use in the metal-air battery are aluminum, iron, lithium, magnesium, vanadium, and zinc.
First and second battery packs
The application's abstract includes the following summary:
A method of optimizing the operation of the power source of an electric vehicle is provided, where the power source is comprised of a first battery pack (e.g., a non-metal-air battery pack) and a second battery pack (e.g., a metal-air battery pack).
The power source is optimized to minimize use of the least efficient battery pack (e.g., the second battery pack) while ensuring that the electric vehicle has sufficient power to traverse the expected travel distance before the next battery charging cycle.
Tesla Motors - Model S lithium-ion battery pack
In other words, a presumably lithium-ion pack for everyday use and a supplemental metal-air battery for longer range when needed.
Another patent application, Electric Vehicle Extended Range Hybrid Battery Pack System, says:
The second battery pack may be used to charge the first battery pack or used in combination with the first battery pack to supply operational power to the electric vehicle.
1,000 miles of range
Metal-air batteries, some of which slowly consume their anodes to give off energy, hit the news last month when Israeli startup Phinergy demonstrated its prototype battery and let reporters drive a test vehicle fitted with the energy-storage device.
Mounted in a subcompact demonstration car, Phinergy's aluminum-air battery provides 1,000 miles of range, it said, and requires refills of distilled water (which acts as electrolyte in the cells) about every 200 miles.
Diagram from Tesla Motors patent application for dual battery packs including metal-air battery
Once the aluminum plates are consumed, they must be replaced--a task Phinergy didn't discuss in any detail.
Production in 2017?
Phinergy CEO Aviv Tzidon told Bloomberg reporter Elliott Gotkine last month that his company has signed a contract with a global automaker to deliver the battery in production volumes, starting in 2017.
He didn't name the company, and Tesla does not say much about its future products (occasional tweets from its CEO Elon Musk aside).
But for Tesla, combining the acceleration provided by a lithium-ion battery with the longer range offered by a consumable aluminum-air battery might permit future vehicles that offer the responsiveness of the Model S with even longer range when needed.
We can dream, anyhow.
+++++++++++
Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter.
SANTA CLARA – The 49ers' top picks of the 2014 and '15 drafts began practice with eye-catching plays on Monday.
Defensive end Arik Armstead, who mostly lined up at right defensive end in the 49ers' 3-4 defense, crashed through the left side of the defensive line and inadvertently upended running back Carlos Hyde to force a fumble.
The 49ers do not tackle during practices, but Armstead had such momentum built up he could not avoid hitting Hyde. Several plays later, Armstead again got into the backfield to stop a run play during a session designed for run and play-action passes.
Just minutes later during a 7-on-7 period, cornerback Jimmie Ward jumped a route in the slot to intercept a Blaine Gabbert pass intended for Bruce Ellington.
“That's a correction that was made,” Ward said. “They beat me on that route yesterday.
“Basically, I just disguised my coverage. We were in man coverage, man free, I just disguised and kind of confused the quarterback. Then, I jumped outside to the leverage I was supposed to have. I knew where my help was, and he ended up throwing me the ball.”
Offensive play of the day: During the play-action period, Gabbert faked a handoff and delivered a deep pass down the left sideline for Jerome Simpson, who made the catch against the coverage of Dontae Johnson for what would've been a 40-yard touchdown strike.
Depth chart: The 49ers unveiled a large, young and talented defensive line that consisted of nose tackle Quinton Dial with defensive ends Arik Armstead and DeForest Buckner.
“The way we teach our three guys inside is they learn all three positions,” 49ers defensive coordinator Jim O'Neil said. “So when we ramp up and we're ready for the season that will give us the ability to play our three best. We don't have to say, ‘This guy is our best nose.' No, if we have three really good ends, we're going to play those three ends.”
Fast-paced action: The 49ers concluded practice with separate team sessions in which the team ran 18 plays in each session. It took the 49ers just seven minutes to run those plays – or approximately 2 ½ snaps every minute. Gabbert and Colin Kaepernick both appear to have a good grasp of the offense, as both were seen directing players to different sides of the field when they lined up incorrectly. Kaepernick completed 8 of 10 during team drills, while Gabbert connected on 6 of 9 in the 11-on-11 work.
This ‘n' that: Agent Drew Rosenhaus attended Monday's practice and was seen speaking with 49ers CEO Jed York. After NaVorro Bowman concluded his workout in the 49ers' weight room, Rosenhaus accompanied his client upstairs at the 49ers' main team offices that overlook the practice field. . .
Veteran Thad Lewis, who served as Kelly's No. 3 quarterback most of last season with the Eagles, got off to a rough start with four consecutive incomplete passes on four apparent miscommunications with his intended targets to open the first 7-on-7 session of practice. . .
Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke on the practice field with Kelly before practice. She watched the entire 1 hour, 42-minute practice from the sideline. After the workout, she went onto the practice field to address the team. Her message was on the importance of team-building during this time of the year to get fully prepared for the regular season, when it's more difficult to come together as a team due to the hectic nature of the week-to-week planning to face opponents. . .
The first minor skirmish of training camp involved linebacker Ray-Ray Armstrong and tight end Busta Anderson. . .
During team drills, nickel back Chris Davis broke up a pass intended for Ellington. During 7-on-7s, cornerback Keith Reaser and linebacker Nick Bellore defended passes.
Daily transactions: None.
Injury report: Nose tackle Glenn Dorsey (knee), who passed his physical upon reporting to camp, was held out of team drills. He worked with the strength and conditioning staff on a side field.
Next practice: The 49ers will conduct their first padded practice of training camp, beginning Tuesday at 10:25 a.m.
Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it. Adolf Hitler
Jill Stein says NASA's James Hansen predicts 50 feet of sea level rise in the next 50 years, but NOAA is more conservative at only 10 feet.
Jill Stein tells The Times editorial board why she thinks voting Democrat or Republican makes little difference – LA Times
The people at NOAA who actually study sea level say it is rising less than seven inches per century.
the absolute global sea level rise is believed to be 1.7-1.8 millimeters/year. Sea Level Trends – Global Regional Trends
On September 8, 1900 – sea level at Galveston, Texas rose 18 feet in one hour.
The storm killed 10,000 people, whose bodies were dumped at sea. But the bodies washed back so they had to burn them.
CO2 was 300 PPM at the time.
Mazda has added IndyCar veteran James Hinchcliffe to its lineup for next weekend's TUDOR United SportsCar Championship season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona.
The Andretti Autosport open-wheel ace will join Tristan Nunez, Jonathan Bomarito and Sylvain Tremblay in the No. 70 SpeedSource Mazda SKYACTIV-D prototype.
It will mark his fourth consecutive Rolex 24 with the Japanese manufacturer and two in a row in the Prototype class.
“It is a privilege and joy to get to drive for them and it's a partnership I hope we can keep going for many more years,” Hinchcliffe said.
“John Doonan has been a big supporter of mine and a good friend for many years, so to get a chance to continue that relationship – personally and professionally – is great.
“With SpeedSource and Sylvain and all the guys, John's put together a real crack organization. It goes hand-in-hand with how they do it at every level of the sport.”
Mazda Motorsports director John Dooonan added: “James is a great example of what the Mazda driver development programs are all about. I've known him for many years throughout his climb up the Mazda Road to Indy ladder to become a winning driver in IndyCar.
“He is a great young man who brings value to Mazda Motorsports on and off the track. We're thrilled to have him with us again.”
The No. 07 car will also feature a four-driver lineup, with team principal Tremblay listed alongside Tom Long, Joel Miller and Ben Devlin.
One of the coolest things our smartphones do today – you know aside from all that computational stuff – is wireless charging. There is nothing so satisfying as setting your phone down at the end of the day and knowing it'll start charging without fumbling with cables and wondering which way is up. Completely one-handed; you can start charging your phone while holding bags of groceries. It's pretty great.
We had the opportunity to try out a few chargers from our friends at Choetech. On our desk sit the T516, T517, and T518. Just for fun, let's add the Samsung Fast Charger, Tylt Vu and an old Nokia Lumia 920 plate. It is a wireless orgy, which is kinda ironic when you stop and think about it. Ok gross, let's try something else. It's a cornucopia of wirelessness.
Get the puck out
Our review units of the Choetech T517 and T518 are very similar to each other. Both are 3.3-inch disks. The T516 is a fast charger, much like our Samsung model. Without a Note 5 or Edge+ in the office, we'll have to save the fast-charging comparison for another review. Our charging pucks are white/silver and black respectively. Both charging pucks light up when charging, which gives a neat and, dare we say it, futuristic effect.
The T516 is an iron stand charger – a phone stand, much like the TYLT Vu with 3 wireless coils but made of metal. The stand holds your phone up so you can use it/interact with it more readily than its flat, round brothers. The metal build of the T516 is satisfyingly sturdy, like the break-through-a-wall kind of sturdy that you see so rarely these days, especially in mobile.
Build quality
All three of these chargers look very high quality with superb craftsmanship. Little details are key in the design of these chargers. They look great sitting on your desk. The silver tones of the T516 and T517 are really sharp while the T518 sports a much more classic black.
All three of these chargers deliver the kind of power you're looking for in a Qi charger. Our testing had all three of these chargers topping off a completely depleted Galaxy S6 in around two and a half hours. That's a reasonable amount of time for a Qi charger. Put it up against the 80 minutes it took with a wired Samsung fast charger and it becomes a little less impressive.
But that's the trade off that everyone knows about. Wireless charging is just slower that wired. Assuming you can get past that, the next thing you look for is style and little details like the silicone ring around the top and bottom that keep these chargers and your phone from sliding all over the place. All three of these chargers are very attractive so there are absolutely no worries there.
Magnets not included
The Choetech T516 is a 3-coil charger, which is especially nice since you don't need to have exact placement to get your device to charge. Wireless purists like myself hearken back to a time when wireless chargers came with magnets to ensure proper alignment. In the absence of that attribute which makes such an incredible amount sense, three coils will just have to suffice. Not that it'd kill OEMs to put small metal disks in their phones or anything. But, of course, we don't want to harp.
Well, ok, we want to harp a little bit. Now we're done.
Get 'em while they're hot!
All three of these chargers can be found on Amazon. The T516 retails for around $36. The T517 goes for a very attractive $18 price. The T518 can be yours for a mere $30.
Overall, these are three very attractive looking chargers that fit a wide range of budgets and styles. Choetech has run the gamut of wireless charging to offer a bevy of options in that space so regardless of what you're looking for, it has an offering for you. If you have a phone that is capable of Qi wireless charging, any of these three would be a great addition to your desk so you too can join the wireless revolution and find out for yourself just how awesome a feeling it is.
I fear that Noah Smith is being a little unkind to the Koch brothers here. No, not because I have any contact with them, nor because I'm just generally a neoliberal running dog lickspittle. But because they have in fact identified a real problem with solar (and certain other home generation renewables) and it's a problem that does need to be solved. Even if not quite in the manner that is being suggested. Further, there's a solution that has been tried and has been shown to work, notably in my native UK (until it was "improved" by the politicians of course). That is to simply entirely divorce the generation of electrical power from its transport. Something which, arguably, should be done anyway, this problem notwithstanding.
Smith is here:
There is a lot of buzz about the effort by the Koch brothers and assorted conservative groups to end "net metering" for solar power. Kevin Drum and Paul Krugman think that it's mainly about conservative tribalism - conservatives have identified solar as something liberal, so they fight it on ideological grounds. Personally, I suspect that the current fight against net metering is mainly economic - utility companies stand to lose their government-protected monopolies if rooftop solar takes over, and of course the Kochs make their billions from the fossil fuel industry.
And the specific problem that is being pointed at is here:
Net metering forms the linchpin of the solar-energy business model. Without it, firms say, solar power would be prohibitively expensive. The power industry argues that net metering provides an unfair advantage to solar consumers, who don't pay to maintain the power grid although they draw money from it and rely on it for backup on cloudy days. The more people produce their own electricity through solar, the fewer are left being billed for the transmission lines, substations and computer systems that make up the grid, industry officials say.
This is a real economic problem: it's a real economic problem whichever side the Kochs, or any other interest group, are on of it too.
There is a certain fixed cost to the existence of the grid. When all electricity is delivered over the grid then that's fine, because some portion of each amount charged for electricity delivered can be used to cover that fixed cost. However, when there are, as those "conservative groups" are claiming those whose connection to the grid is not supplying all of their electricity then we can argue that they're not paying their fair share of that fixed cost. And possibly even more so when we realise that they're not being charged for the costs of taking their newly generated solar power away from their houses either. They're only contributing to that overhead when they're sucking power off the grid, which isn't often.
This sort of problem isn't all that unusual. Bundled goods cross subsidising each other: and the solution when a technological change comes along isn't all that unusual either. Simply remove that cross subsidy from the bundled goods. In this case that means divorcing the delivery of electricity from its generation. Which is very much what my native UK did during the privatisation of the electricity system.
The grid, the series of wires that carry the power around, is a natural monopoly. It is thus in one separate company and is tightly regulated. It must agree to carry the power of all comers, at non-discriminatory rates too. And it can charge a fee sufficient to cover the overhead of running said grid.
Then you've two other parts of the system: those who own the power stations that feed electricity into the grid and those who run marketing organisations to bill for what consumers pull from the grid. And within such a system it's simple enough to make sure that everyone who has a grid connection is charged for the use (even if that use is only insurance against cloudy days) of the grid in the appropriate manner and amount. Without having to worry about how much electricity they're actually using.
This really is a real problem with solar power: and that really is the solution. Unbundle the utilities into a pure grid charging all for the use of it and keep that very separate from who is generating power by what means.
George Davey Smith of the University of Bristol has complained that the ME study is one-sided, only accepting critical submissions
An acrimonious scientific row has broken out after a £5 million publicly funded study investigating treatments for chronic fatigue syndrome was condemned as “deeply flawed” and a “textbook example of a poorly done trial”.
The dispute led to mass resignations and an exchange of insults so intense that in emails seen by The Times one scientist referred to another as a “disgusting old fart neoliberal hypocrite”.
An entire edition of a health journal was devoted yesterday to attacking a landmark study called the Pace trial, published in The Lancet in 2011. It claimed to show that people with chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) could improve their condition with simple lifestyle changes.
This has formed the basis of treatment of the condition, also known as myalgic encephalomyelitis…
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption In La Plata alone, 50 people are known to have died
Emergency workers in Argentina continue to try to rescue residents stranded by flooding in Buenos Aires and La Plata.
More than 50 people are known to have died after one of the heaviest storms recorded caused flash floods.
Thousands were evacuated from their homes and dozens are still stranded on rooftops, treetops and the roofs of city buses, local media report.
The government has declared three days of national mourning after what it called "an unprecedented catastrophe".
'Death trap'
"We've never seen anything like it," provincial governor Daniel Scioli said.
"People were taken by surprise, and some didn't have time to escape this deadly trap," Mr Scioli said, referring to the speed with which the waters rose.
Provincial officials said 40cm (16in) of rain fell on the city of La Plata in the space of two hours late on Tuesday night.
Earlier, the storm had dumped 15cm of rainfall on the capital, Buenos Aires.
Local officials said at least 48 people were killed in La Plata, six in Buenos Aires and two in its suburbs. The Red Cross said most of the victims had been elderly people who drowned in their homes.
So far, only half of the bodies have been identified and rescue workers fear the number of dead may rise as more bodies are found as the flood waters recede.
Fear of looting
Firefighter Federico Langone said in some areas of La Plata, the flood waters had reached a height of 1.5m (5ft).
Image caption The president visited some of the worst affected areas
More than 3,000 people had to leave their homes and 80,000 still do not have electricity, with two of La Plata's hospitals also affected by the power cuts.
On Wednesday night, some of La Plata's residents set up roadblocks to "protect their neighbourhoods from looters".
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner on Wednesday visited Tolosa, the worst affected neighbourhood of La Plata, where she grew up and where her mother still lives.
Ms Fernandez acknowledged residents' fears and promised to increase security.
Before her arrival, dozens of people had looted a supermarket. Three police officers were injured in scuffles with people trying to break into two other supermarkets.
Officials said 400 extra police officers and soldiers would be deployed to La Plata.
Clean-up
In Buenos Aires, where the rains had been at their worst overnight Monday to Tuesday, the floods have begun to recede and residents have started the clean-up.
Damp clothes and furniture were piled by roadsides as neighbours assessed the damage to their homes.
Mayor Mauricio Macri said about 350,000 people had been affected by the torrents of rain. Hundreds are still in shelters.
Pope Francis, an Argentine, has called on the authorities to step up their assistance to those left homeless by the storm.
The Pope sent a telegram to his newly appointed successor as Buenos Aires Archbishop, Mario Poli, saying he was praying for those who died, their families and survivors of the disaster.
Metrolinx has confirmed that its construction work at the new GO station on Dundas Street West covered TTC tracks in debris.
The debris caused the service suspension on the Bloor line that began during rush hour between St. George and Keele stations on Tuesday. Service resumed around 3 p.m.
TTC officials said groundwater started seeping a hole in the subway tunnel on Tuesday. The debris mixed with the water resulted in mud. The hole was found last week.
“Something changed today about the groundwater being found its way into the hole,” TTC deputy chief operating officer Mike Palmer said at a noon-hour news conference.
The TTC is planning on a permanent fix, but Palmer said it will take a few days to work out and hopes to have permanent fix in the next few months.
“This afternoon, we will reopen with a semi-permanent fix,” Palmer said.
The new GO station on Dundas Street West is part of the Union-Pearson Express train.
The son of the lead scientist who carried out nutritional experiments on aboriginal children in the 1940s and '50s has defended his father's actions, saying he doesn't believe aboriginal children were starved in the name of science. “He was just trying to do good work,” Hugh Pett said of his late father, Dr. Lionel B. Pett, who supervised the research for the precursor to Health Canada.
Dr Lionel Bradley Pett was one of the lead scientists on the nutritional experiments the Canadian government authorized on aboriginal children in residential schools across Canada in the 1940s and 50s. ( Department of National Health and Welfare )
Hugh Pett said his father's efforts were aimed at keeping Canadians healthy at home and abroad on limited food supplies during the war. MORE ON THESTAR.COM Opinion: Powerless poor make handy research subjects
Article Continued Below
Canadian nutrition experiments ‘alarming' but not surprising, says former aboriginal student He also criticized Shawn Atleo, national chief of the Assembly of First Nations, for saying the experiments, carried out on 1,300 native children and adults, contributed to malnourishment among children at the controversial residential schools. “That (allegation) to me sounds totally bizarre,” Pett said Tuesday from his home in Kelowna, B.C. “That doesn't make sense in any age and any context. He's upset and saying things he didn't really know what actually happened.”
Pett also wants the government to release the paperwork on the experiments so that the public can better understand what his father, who died in 2003, was doing. Details of the experiments became known following recently published research by University of Guelph food historian Ian Mosby, who discovered that federal scientists used hungry and malnourished aboriginals to study the effects of nutritional supplements.
Article Continued Below
The experiments, Mosby found, went on for a decade. Milk rations were halved in some instances. In other cases, hundreds were deprived of essential vitamins and minerals. Dental services were also denied because they affected the accuracy of the results in the experiments. While the experiments have revealed another dark chapter in Canada's treatment of aboriginal people in the last century, they've also put the spotlight on a man who was considered a leader in his field at the time. Born in Winnipeg in 1909, Lionel Pett was always interested in science. His father and grandfather had both been bakers, and his plan was to become a cereal chemist. However, after attending the Ontario Agricultural College, he became interested in soil chemistry and how it related to crop production. Pett received a master's and a PhD from the University of Toronto before moving west to teach biochemistry at the University of Alberta in 1936. By 1941, the 32-year-old Pett was named director of nutritional services for the Department of Pensions and National Health. At the height of the Second World War, he was assigned to study how vitamins and minerals affected human productivity: what foods would go a long way to keeping Canadians healthy. In a 1942 interview, Pett said he struggled for years to develop a plan to ensure that “everyone here in Canada (has) enough to eat.” He even advocated for a national lunchroom program to make sure children were fed properly. “There is no better place to make a contribution to the health of a nation than in the schools,” he said in 1944, a year after representing Canada at an international food conference. It was there that Pett helped pen a recommendation that countries should develop a national food authority and expand agriculture to deal with potential malnutrition postwar. Under Pett's guidance, Canada became the first country in the world to gather statistics on height and weight based on a survey carried out in 1953. This data was used to create guidelines on optimal health for doctors and Canadians. At its annual general meeting last week in Whitehorse, the Assembly of First Nations ' chiefs called on the government to provide complete access to all records regarding experiments carried out on residential school students. The federal government has called the experiments “abhorrent” and has launched an investigation.
My grandfather, who lives in Meldal, Norway, often talks about our family in Minnesota. The descendants of the original emigrant relative, Sivert Pederson Ree, have been back to visit us in Europe several times. I remember one of these visits, listening to a distant relative speaking her broken, heavily accented Norwegian, the language vastly transformed by distance and time. Her husband, bored and a little lost as the only one speaking nothing but English, was visibly relieved to meet me—I was the only one present whose English was fluent, meaning I could talk to him without getting tired.
Telling this story always elicits the same reaction: “But you Scandinavians speak such good English!” This is true—a lot of us do, especially young people. But my grandparents speak none. My parents speak a very serviceable English, but there are lots of holes. With that comes uncertainty, which leads to hesitation and lots of heavy lifting for the brain. This means that after sixty minutes of speaking English they're exhausted, and desperate to go back to the language closest to the heart. After an hour on the phone with them from my adopted home of London, England, I get that feeling too: there's a sense of relief when I can go back to English. Finally, I can stop scrambling for words.
*
This is a story about a small language being slowly overwhelmed by English, written in English by someone whose mother tongue is so stiff from lack of use it's hardly serviceable. The irony isn't lost on me.
The small language in question is Norwegian, spoken by about five million people and also by me, once upon a time. I grew up in Norway and lived there until I was 19, so sure, I can carry a conversation. But my entire adult life has happened in English. It's been over a decade since Norwegian was the language I used to get around. It doesn't sit comfortably in my mouth anymore, because another language has taken its place. I struggle to find the words to express an idea more complicated than the weather. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to write this in the language of my home country.
As I've grown more English, so has Norwegian. New words keep appearing in speech, but they don't sound like they belong. Most of the new words are English ones. I understand what they mean, of course, but the first time you hear “fancy ” or “touch ” randomly dropped into a sentence in a different language, it sounds so alien. I catch myself wondering, who decides which English words the people of Norway will adopt this year? Where does this come from?
Languages are living things, constantly evolving. In that sense, you could argue that resisting change is unnatural. But as a speaker of a small language, it can be alarming to hear the rapidly increasing influx of new words from a dominant force. Back in 2000, linguistics researcher Sylfest Lomheim caused upheaval by claiming the Norwegian language wouldn't survive the next century. Is this the beginning of the end?
*
Now, a warning: this is where I reveal myself as a cranky old lady of 35, complaining about the butchering of the Norwegian language. Because this trend, as is often the case, is led by the young. My friend Irene Størseth Knutzen and I bond over this issue, although her credentials for criticism are more sound; we both got top marks in Norwegian and English when we went to upper secondary school together, but Irene's native language has continued to develop because she stayed put in Norway.
So when tell her I'm writing about the influx of English into Norwegian, Irene is immediately keen to discuss. “This is exciting and relevant!” (Except where noted, all quotes in this article are translated from the Norwegian.) “Kids nowadays, they think they're so cool!” Irene laughs. “But on a serious note, I do think lots of people use English while speaking Norwegian because they think it sounds good.” Irene lists examples from technology— such as streaming —new phenomena for which people often reach for the original term. But this isn't what annoys Irene, who's a stickler for accuracy in language. It's the random use of English when there are perfectly decent, established Norwegian words. When a Norwegian says “weekend,” this isn't because there's no good local alternative. There most certainly is, and it's even shorter and snappier: “helg.”
As we video chat, Irene's baby daughter keeps popping into the frame; she'll probably be effortlessly bilingual when she's grown. I, on the other hand, take ages to switch between languages. It's obvious which language dominates my thoughts: I construct sentences with the English word order. I'll catch myself picking the Norwegian word that sounds like the English one—the languages are related, so this is a common error if you're not fluent. But I'm not alone in doing this, says Irene, who's a manager at Norway's state alcohol retailer. She tells me how a colleague recently talked about growing vegetables—the correct word in Norwegian is “dyrke” but he said “gro,” which actually means heal. I know why I mess this up, but why does he?
Even Irene isn't immune to English language creep. In fact, everyone I spoke to for this article used an English word a couple of times. Irene says she makes an effort when she's out, but admits it can get pretty bad when she's just with her husband. They often discuss films or TV shows, most of which are in English: “It's easier to use the expressions you hear on screen. Half the time we can't be bothered to translate.” She lists some examples: “surveillance, ” “in character” —they're currently watching The Americans. “It's completely unnecessary to use those English terms. Plain laziness! But I suppose it's because when you're inside that world, the Norwegian language is simply not present.”
*
I call Janne Bondi Johannessen, a prominent linguistics research professor at the University of Oslo, to ask if she's concerned about English eclipsing Norwegian in everyday use. “What's happening has far more to do with trends, than with practicalities,” she tells me. Most of the time there are local words available, even for new things; the Norwegian for “memory stick” is the nifty “minnepinne,” a direct translation. Some people use the new word, while others prefer the English. But this doesn't explain why people will all of a sudden start using English words like “fresh” and “keen” in the middle of Norwegian sentences, abandoning local terms “frisk” and “ivrig.”
“When you pull new words into a language, it's not necessarily because you need them. It can just feel trendy or cool,” says Bondi Johannessen. From a linguistics perspective, this “coolness” is actually at odds with how languages normally evolve: “Nouns tend to be the open category, where you see new words emerging. But this isn't the case for spoken Norwegian.” Instead, you tend to see new adjectives popping up, and interjections: “Those types of words are where you express personality.” The fact that Norwegians watch a lot of English-speaking TV and film has a lot to do with it, says Bondi Johannessen. “Interjections, like ‘wow' and ‘cool', are very expressive. They tell you a lot about someone.” Then there's the fact that they're often stand-alone words, making it a lot easier to reach for English. Nouns are trickier because they have to be put it into grammatical context, which can end up sounding comical.
A language lives as a loose agreement between the people who use it.
The English language is constantly evolving as well, with new words popping up all the time. But in Norway, new ways to use language tend to follow one simple recipe: reach for English. The Norwegian slang for kissing used to be “kline,” a lighthearted word that literally means “smear.” But now, teenagers say “hook'e”—adding the E at the end so it works grammatically—from the English “hooking up.” Bondi Johannessen thinks young Norwegians are exposed to English to such an extent they're starting to feel like it's a second mother tongue.
Some Norwegians are strongly against this. “For them, it's like saying, ‘We won't be pushed around, let's do something fun with our own language!'” Bondi Johannessen points to a recent surge in Norwegian-language pop and rock, not to mention the fact that Norwegian rappers have always stuck to local prose.
*
At this point I start to wonder: who am I to question how Norwegians choose to speak? Leaving a country separates you from language development, because a language is not a static thing. It lives as a loose agreement between the people who use it. North America has nearly as many Norwegians as the old country itself, mostly descendants of immigrants arriving around the latter half of the 19th century. These people speak a Norwegian heritage language, which has branched off and now lives its own life.
Being influenced by English, today's Lingua Franca, is not exclusively a Norwegian problem. And it's not like no one is trying to stem the tide: this is the remit of the Language Council of Norway, a state-funded organisation. I call Nina Teigland, head of Language in Higher Education and the Private Sector, who tells me she doesn't think the Norwegian language is under threat by the introduction of the occasional foreign word. “The point at which this becomes a problem is when an entire language area starts to drift towards English. The domains most exposed are finance, technology and cutting edge research.” Teigland points out that only a third of today's Norwegian language stems from the original Norse: the rest has been influenced, primarily by Low German.
One of the tasks of the Language Council is to come up with replacement words. Teigland laughs when I ask how this works: is there a crack team sitting in a small room throwing rhymes and puns around? The process is actually pretty organic: the Language Council keeps an eye out for replacement words emerging among industry professionals or in the media, and promotes the best ones. Take the Norwegian for “tablet computer:” “nettbrett,” literally, “web tray.” People have embraced this new term, rendering it is a hit—but not every suggestion sticks. Teigland says the trick is to get in early and introduce local alternatives before the English has become ingrained. The new word can't be too long-winded, but it also should be self-explanatory. Then, to ensure it spreads, you have to get influencers to use it.
“Our priority is to ensure Norwegian remains a full-coverage language that you can use in every walk of life,” says Teigland. This means making sure there's Norwegian film, literature, and computer games; essentially local options for people who want them. “If there are no Norwegian alternatives, or if an entire domain starts becoming English-only, we'd no longer have a full-coverage language. That's when we'd sound the alarm.”
*
I vividly remember my first English lesson at age 10, before which time I didn't speak a word of the language. Page one of my textbook: “I am Jill. I am Bill. Hi Jill! Hi Bill! Hello everybody.” Five new words to memorize, with thousands to follow. Back then I didn't quite understand why I was so hellbent on learning this new thing. All I knew was that my gut feeling was overwhelming: this is important! The world is so much bigger than Norway, a small country of five million people, and English is such a big part of it.
For me, my mother tongue will always exist as an artifact from 1999, the year I moved away. New English words will continue creeping into the Norwegian language, and I'll probably never stop feeling rattled when I hear one for the first time. “I think the trick is to find a balance,” says Nina Teigland. “To be able to have two thoughts, or two languages, in your head at the same time.” I've been working on this since I was ten years old. Any day now.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Donald Trump told reporters over the weekend that he would “make a fast decision” on his nomination to replace James Comey, the FBI director he fired in part due to, in Trump's words, the “Russia thing.” Trump's sudden and brazen decision to remove Comey amidst the ongoing FBI investigation into possible ties between Trump associates and the Russian government earned him a week's worth criticism — even from a few Republicans. But at least one of the possible nominees Trump is considering would pose a significant problem. If picked to be FBI director, Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) would manage an investigation that he has shown very little interest in seeing pursued.
The idea of nominating a Republican politician to the post has been criticized by members of both major parties. “John Cornyn under normal circumstances would be a superb choice to be FBI director,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said this weekend on Meet the Press. “But these are not normal circumstances.” Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), the senior Democrat in the US Senate, echoed Graham's concerns about Cornyn. “First, the nominee should be not a partisan politician, not part of either party. This demands a serious, down-the-middle investigation,” Schumer said.
Cornyn does have some of the typical resume lines for an FBI director. Before he was elected to the US Senate in 2002, Cornyn served as a district judge in Texas, a judge on the Texas Supreme Court, and as the state's attorney general. But like many of his GOP colleagues in the Senate, Cornyn has been less than enthusiastic about the FBI's investigation into the president's ties to Russia. As a member of the Senate judiciary committee, Cornyn has said that the Russia affair should be investigated, but he has generally focused more on intelligence leaks and the issue of “unmasking“—the process of revealing the identity of an American incidentally caught up in US surveillance of foreign targets—that has been used by Republicans to distract from Moscow's meddling and to support Trump's unfounded claim that former President Barack Obama spied on him.
During a May 8 committee hearing on Russian interference during the election—where witnesses John Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, and Sally Yates, the former acting attorney general, talked extensively about the Russian intervention and the national security threat posed by Michael Flynn during his short stint as Trump's national security adviser—Cornyn used his time to slam Susan Rice, Obama's national security adviser, for not appearing before the committee, to decry the supposed “unmasking” of Flynn, and to press Yates on why she had refused to defend Trump's Muslim ban in court. He did not address the main issue at hand: Vladimir Putin's effort to undermine an American election.
Two days later, after Trump had fired Comey, Cornyn told reporters that it was a “phony narrative” that Trump had fired the FBI director in response to the Russia investigation. A day later, Trump, in an interview with NBC News' Lester Holt, did say that the Russia investigation was part of his motivation for booting Comey.
Cornyn hasn't always shown the same reticence to dive into politically sensitive investigations. In September 2015, he asked then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch to appoint a special prosecutor in the Hillary Clinton email investigation. At that time, Cornyn argued that the political appointees in Obama's Justice Department weren't capable of mounting an independent investigation. But these days, Cornyn resists calls for a special prosecutor in the Russia scandal. Cornyn's office did not respond to a request for comment.
In December, Cornyn downplayed the Russia matter on Twitter:
All this “news” of Russian hacking: it has been going on for years. Serious, but hardly news — JohnCornyn (@JohnCornyn) December 10, 2016
“We've got a chance to reset here as a nation,” Graham said over the weekend. “The president has a chance to clean up the mess that he mostly created. He really, I think, did his staff a disservice by changing the explanation. So I would encourage the president to pick somebody we can all rally around, including those who work in the FBI.”
DEZHOU, China – At Utopia Garden, retiree Li Yuling likes the green space around his new apartment block and the solar panels that resemble a dragon in flight.
At the Mangrove Garden apartments, Du Feng says the property managers handle all "green" issues, but he pledges to start a carpool to work.
Living in fast-expanding cities 180 miles apart, Li and Du are among the first residents to move into a wave of "eco-friendly" communities being built or planned across China, one of the world's most polluted countries and the leading source of carbon emissions.
China is building more eco-cities designed to be low-carbon and energy-saving than any other country, according to a survey by the University of Westminster in London. The USA ranked second.
One of the biggest will be Tianjin Eco-City, a joint development between the Chinese and Singaporean governments that will cover almost 11 square miles of wasteland and salt pans near Tianjin, a major port city southeast of Beijing. More than 1,000 people will move in this year, joining 100 residents. The target is 350,000 residents by 2025, says Liu Wenchuang, a senior construction official.
China's buyers don't appear motivated by environmentalism, real estate professionals say. Saving money and preserving their health look to be the big selling points.
Buyers "care more about price and whether it will reduce their living costs," says Li Lixia, 26, a saleswoman at Wetland Century, a development under construction.
Li's sales pitch stresses Wetland Century's energy savings, its non-toxic building and decorative materials, safe tap water and water-saving toilets.
Price and location along with environmental concerns prompted their decision to buy at Mangrove Garden, says Wei Fang, Du Feng's wife, as she held their infant son.
"Now I have a child, I am more aware of the need for sustainability, to harmonize the environment and people. I sometimes wonder if China's environment will ever improve," she says.
Just how many eco-cities are in the works and their effectiveness are in question.
In recent years, more than 200 Chinese cities have announced they will build large housing developments that seek to reduce energy use and motor vehicle use and thus the amount of carbon put out by power plants and tailpipes. Some projects have stalled, while others appear to be promotional gimmicks by commercial developers.
Some innovations fizzled, such as the roof gardens suggested by Singapore. They died in the district's polluted soil and windy, dry climate, Liu says. Renewable energy powers just 20% of the eco-city's needs, but Liu says Tianjin is working hard to reduce its dependence on coal. (Unlike the U.S., China relies largely on "soft coal," which is higher in carbon emissions.)
"There are many other cities that plan to copy our example," Liu says. "I'm confident it's not a 'face project' like in some Chinese cities."
Some partnerships are going nowhere. The Shanghai government and British design firm Arup have failed to complete a promised eco-city in Dongtan. The project near Shanghai appears stalled as does Wanzhuang, another Arup eco-city near Beijing.
Housing Vice Minister Qiu Baoxing said the eco-city concept has been overused in China, and some projects actually damaged the environment, reported the state-run Xinhua News Agency. Others failed by their blind adoption of foreign models, Qiu said.
Unlike the government-led Tianjin initiative, Utopia Garden is a private endeavor by the Himin Solar Energy Group.
"We want other developers to see this energy-efficient project is also profitable and then copy it themselves," said Li Guangsen, president of Himin Clean Energy Architecture Planning Institute and Design Institute.
Yet Utopia Garden uses coal-fired electricity for more than 90% of its power needs, Li says, and the city overall remains decades away from a serious shift to renewable energy.
"Most ordinary people couldn't afford it," says resident Li Yuling, 63. About 100 families live in a complex that will eventually offer 2,000 high-end apartments. Li's daughter, an Internet entrepreneur, bought here because she "wanted a place to relax," more than somewhere super-green, he says.
The Syrian airfield targeted by United States airstrikes early Friday was “almost completely destroyed,” a human rights group in the country said.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the missile attack damaged over a dozen hangars, a fuel depot and an air defense base. About 60 U.S. Tomahawk missiles hit the Shayrat air base, southeast of Homs, a small installation with two runways.
At least seven Syrian soldiers were killed and nine wounded in the airstrike, the country's military said. The governor of Homs province said he did not believe the strikes caused a large number of “human casualties.” A Syrian official the attack caused deaths and a fire, but did not elaborate.
Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike...... pic.twitter.com/3nUzrdiGzX — President Trump (@POTUS) April 7, 2017
The U.S. missiles hit at 3:45 a.m. local time in Syria. Syrian state TV called the attack an "aggression" that lead to "losses."
"Initial indications are that this strike has severely damaged or destroyed Syrian aircraft and support infrastructure and equipment at Shayrat Airfield, reducing the Syrian government's ability to deliver chemical weapons," Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said, according to Reuters.
Davis said the U.S. was still assessing the result of the 59 Tomahawks it fired, expressing hope that Assad's government learned a lesson. He said it was ultimately "the regime's choice" if more U.S. military action would be needed.
Syria's state TV showed footage of a fast sequence of orange flashes that lit the dark sky in the distance before the crack of dawn.
The shaky footage, apparently filmed with a mobile phone camera and aired Friday, came hours after about 60 U.S. Tomahawk missiles hit the base in Homs province, causing extensive damage to the base.
In a different sequence after day break, the Syrian TV station al-Ikhbariyah showed another short clip of smoke billowing in the distance, hovering over a raging fire, the tip of which emerges and a forest of trees is in the foreground.
The U.S. launched nearly five dozen cruise missiles at a Syrian airfield in response to a chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of civilians, the first direct assault on the Damascus government since the beginning of that country's bloody civil war in 2011.
U.S. officials called the airstrike a “one-off” and said there are no plans for escalation.
The U.S. airstrike in Syria was an "aggression against a sovereign state" and in violation of international law, the Kremlin said in a statement. Shortly before the strikes, the head of information policy commission in the upper house of Russian parliament, Alexei Pushkov, said on Twitter said that if Trump launches a military action in Syria it would put him in "the same league with Bush and Obama."
President Trump on Thursday called for all “civilized nations” to join the U.S. “in seeking to end this slaughter and bloodshed in Syria.”
A survivor of the chemical attack in a northern Syrian town says he hopes the U.S. missile attack could help put an end to Syrian government airstrikes, creating a safe area for civilians.
Alaa Alyousef, a 27-year old resident of Khan Sheikhoun, said Friday the U.S. missile attack "alleviates a small part of our sufferings," but he worries it will be like "anesthetics," to save face. AlYousef said the U.S. is capable of "paralyzing" Syrian warplanes.
"What good is a strike on Shayart air base alone while we have more than 15 other air bases," he said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
The holiday season may be over, but the chilly season has only just begun. With the cooler temperatures and stronger winds come some of life's warmest combinations: Hot cocoa and marshmallows, scarves and mittens, blankets and slippers, and most importantly, critters and cuddles. And who better to snuggle with than the furry friends and curious creatures from your favorite Disney films? That wasn't a rhetorical question—we really want to know! So sit back, relax, and see how many of these animals you'd cuddle this winter.
Max Ed Louis Sven Rolly Gus Heimlich Abu Dumbo Bruce Eeyore Mushu Meeko Stitch Pascal Swipe to choose or use the buttons below No Yes TAP TO CONTINUE No OR Yes 1 of 15 You Would Cuddle {%result value%} out of 15 Disney Animals! Personal space is important to you, and we respect that. Share Pin It Tweets Take this quiz again! You Would Cuddle {%result value%} out of 15 Disney Animals! You have standards when it comes to cuddles, but there's no doubting your snuggle bunny status. Share Pin It Tweets Take this quiz again! You Would Cuddle {%result value%} out of 15 Disney Animals! From bear hugs to cozy critter snuggles, there are no limits when it comes to your cuddle time. Share Pin It Tweets Take this quiz again!
Posted 3 years Ago
Google announced today that its Waze app has graduated to the big leagues and has officially joined Google Mobile Services along with other “essential” apps like Gmail, YouTube, Chrome, and Google Maps. This move will give OEMs the option to preinstall Waze on their smartphones and tablets so users can enjoy the benefits of the app “straight out of the box.”
"If a leading telecom preinstalls Waze in his handsets, a large percentage of the population would immediately have access to blocked roads, dangerous intersections traffic and more in real time," said Waze spokesperson Julie Mossler. "There's an enormous opportunity to improve city efficiency and civilian connectedness just by enhanced exposure and we look forward to growing this community."
What makes this revelation interesting is the fact that some police officers have expressed their concern that Waze actually makes them roll targets for criminals. Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck criticized the app in late January, commenting that it could be “misused by those with criminal intent to endanger police officers and the community."
Beck then tried to play “Good Cop” with Google, adding, ”I am confident your company did not intend the Waze app to be a means to allow those who wish to commit crimes to use the unwitting Waze community as their lookouts for the location of police officers.”
Sgt. Javier Ortiz, president of the Miami Fraternal Order of Police, made similar comments last month, telling NBC 6 that Waze “puts us at risk, puts the public at risk, because it's going to cause more deadly force encounters between law enforcement and suspects.”
Police departments are concerned because regular citizens can pinpoint the location of a police officer on a “living map” within the Waze app. This functionality is mainly used to alert drivers of looming speed traps or police officers that have already pulled someone over on the side of the road. Some police departments feel that it paints a deadly target on officers, even though officers “marked” by Waze users drive around in highly visible government vehicles. Despite this fact, police departments feel that the easy access of Waze leaves its officers open to ambush attacks by criminals.
Officers in the Miami area recently decided to band together to feed false data into Waze in an effort to hide police locations and befuddle drivers. Despite these obfuscation efforts, it looks as though police departments will have even more users alerting other drivers to their revenue generating speed traps thanks to Google's latest move.
Novak Djokovic remains the odds-on favourite to win the 2016 French Open men's singles title despite suffering a straight sets defeat to Andy Murray in the final of the Rome Masters.
Djokovic will embark on a quest to win his 12th Grand Slam when the French Open gets underway on May 22 – but is this the year the world number one finally get his hands on the trophy? The Serb may have wrapped up his sixth Australian Open crown earlier this year, but Roland Garros has been an unhappy hunting ground for him over the years because the French Open title is the one Grand Slam crown that continues to elude him.
Djokovic surrendered a one-set lead to lose to ‘King of Clay' Rafael Nadal in the 2014, but an end to his drought was seemingly on the cards when he avenged that loss in the quarter-finals 12 months later. Djokovic survived an epic five-set semi-final showdown with Murray in the semi-finals and then took a one-set lead in the final against Stan Wawrinka. However, just like in the 2014, he was unable to take the next set and the Swiss ace came storming back to win the next three sets and the trophy.
Andy Murray celebrates his Rome Masters win. (Photo by TIZIANA FABI/AFP/Getty Images) 6x 5x 4x 3x So is this Djokovic's year? The bookmakers continue to make him the odds-on favourite to go all the way at Roland Garros, with 4/5 about the Serb finally lifting the trophy. The world number one stepped up his preparations by winning a three-set tussle with Murray in the final of the Madrid Masters a couple of weeks ago, but the British number one gained his revenge in the Rome Masters Final and Djokovic expects the former Wimbledon and US Open champion to pose a major threat in France.
“I think he's using the court better now,” Djokovic said of Murray. “He has more variety in his shots from the baseline play, so obviously he did improve. Winning Madrid and Rome and a couple of clay-court tournaments the last couple of years proves it. At the French Open, the conditions are also a bit quicker, which he likes. He's been consistently playing well [at the French Open] throughout the years, and I'm sure he's going to be very motivated. He's going to come in great form to Paris.”
Murray enjoyed a breakout year on clay by winning a couple of titles in 2015, and having lifted the Rome Masters trophy at the weekend the Dunblane ace is now 5/1 to win the French Open with – behind 4/1 second favourite Rafael Nadal. The Spaniard may not be the force he once was on other courts, but he continues to pick up clay court titles and Ladbrokes is not ruling out the possibility of Nadal winning a record-setting 10th French Open title this year.
Defending champion Stan Wawrinka is 14/1 for a successful defence with Hill, ahead of Kei Nishikori (25/1 ) and Roger Federer (33/1 Paddy Power). Home favourites Gael Monfils and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga are 66/1 and 100/1 respectively with .
Serena Williams shows off the Italian Open trophy. (Photo by FILIPPO MONTEFORTE/AFP/Getty Images) 6x 5x 4x 3x Over in the women's draw, defending champion Serena Williams is the 9/4 favourite with as she looks to win this tournament for a third time. The 34-year-old American ended a nine-month title drought with a straight set win in the final of the Italian Open, but she was quick to point out that she only competed in a handful of tournaments in that time.
“It's only four tournaments,” she said. “It's not like I was playing every week. I'm feeling pretty fit. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to the French Open.”
Victoria Azarenka is considered Williams' main threat at 5/1 with , with Simona Halep 6/1 to get her hands on the trophy at Roland Garos. The same firm is 10/1 about Garbine Muguruza clinching the first Grand Slam title of her career at Roland Garros.
The Federal Communications Commission voted 3-2 in favor of net neutrality rules last month, and we expect the final version of rules to be released shortly. From all reports, it sounds like the rules generally track what we (and four million Americans!) have been urging over the past year. But the incumbent ISPs are working hard to seed fear, uncertainty, and doubt about what the FCC's up to. Let's cut through some of the nonsense.
Net Neutrality, especially the switch to Title II, is a result of grassroots activism, not a regulator's power grab.
The FCC was not the driving force behind the most important piece of the new rules: the FCC's embrace of Title II as the basis for is regulation. For over a decade, the FCC has been issuing Open Internet rules based on the wrong legal theory -- and losing in court every time. In 2014, the FCC was headed down the same wrong path. What is worse, it actually proposed a very limited order that would effectively bless some non-neutral practices. In response, an extraordinary coalition of public interest groups, private companies, investors, not to mention four million Internet users, spoke up to demand meaningful net neutrality. And we were smart about it, demanding that the FCC use "forbearance" to limit the potential for overreach by designating certain regulatory powers as off-limits. They've done this, too, in the new order.
We've explained, though, that the new rules aren't perfect, and that the "General Conduct Rule" in particular presents an opportunity for abuse.
Net Neutrality is not "regulating the Internet."
Everyone in the net neutrality debate applauds the diversity of the Internet and low barriers to entry for Internet services. Net neutrality is about preventing the companies that connect you to the Internet from acting as gatekeepers and threatening that diversity and opportunity for innovation. The FCC's net neutrality regulations will help make sure that ISPs don't unfairly favor (or disfavor) some applications and services, just as its common carrier obligations helped ensure that phone carriers couldn't strangle the Internet in its infancy, back in the days of dial-up modems.
The rules are 8 pages long, not 300 pages.
Early reports pegged the new order at 300 pages, but we now know that only 8 pages are actual regulatory text. The source of confusion—which even got us in the past few weeks—is that the whole order is over 300 pages, but consists almost entirely of the record of factual findings by the FCC and responses to comments they received. Opponents of net neutrality have boosted the "300 page" number to suggest onerous complexity, but that's not the case.
The FCC could do better on transparency.
Some of the claims around transparency are pure smoke. For example, the public release of the rules was delayed because the Republican FCC commissioners were stalling, not because the FCC majority wanted them secret.
On the other hand, the massive level of public engagement with the FCC over net neutrality stands in stark contrast to the FCC's business as usual. We learned that ISP lobbyists have a direct channel to FCC commissioners, even as the details of that arrangement appear to be beyond the reach of Freedom of Information Act request. From the little that has been released, it looks like they send in a stream of bad legal advice and distorted facts until even well-intentioned commissioners hesitate to do the right thing.
The net neutrality debate has been contentious, and there are areas where we're still waiting on important facts. But regardless of your stance on the FCC's new rules, it's important to separate fact from misinformation.
women
The state tourism body on Thursday shrugged off responsibility for ensuring female tourists' safety at heritage sites, citing a jurisdictional technicality.At a two-hour meeting with a woman, who was sexually harassed during a heritage tour recently, officials said the Central government and the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) handled security at such sites, and not the state.The response shocked the 26-yearold victim, Natasha Zarine, who had demanded a series of steps, including deployment of more guards, to improve security at such spots.“It's very disappointing. I had thought that tourism officials would reveal some measures to tackle the problem,” she said. “They said they would write to central authorities, but that is not enough.”Zarine, who is from Aurangabad, had visited the Ajanta and Ellora Caves, and Daulatabad Fort on separate days, starting August 3, with her friends. The group was “mocked, constantly photographed, verbally abused and intimidated” by hooligans at the sites. Zarine and two other, who were also sexually harassed, then sent a complaint to the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC).After Mirror reported their ordeal on August 20, MTDC officials decided to call a meeting in Mumbai to hear out their concerns. But instead of assuring them that steps would be taken to ensure female visitors' safety at tourist locations, the tourism body rued about jurisdictional limitations.Though MTDC officials expressed concerns over the incident, they said that they were helpless. “They said that even though the heritage sites in question are in Maharashtra, the decision on stepping up security there has to be taken by the Central government,” Zarine said.“I came all the way from Aurangabad for the meeting, and this is all they had to say.” Zarine, in her complaint, had urged the MTDC to post more guards at heritage sites, create a helpline for women and assist victims of sexual harassment in filing police complaints.“Most of the demands were turned down. The only thing they promised is that they would write to the police department concerned and the ASI,” she said. Subhash Motwani, a member of the Indian Merchants' Chamber who helped Zarine approach the MTDC, also expressed shock at the official response.“What is the point of promoting Indian tourism abroad, if there is no security for even Indian citizens? Why will foreign tourists come to India?” he said. MTDC joint managing director Satish Soni said that it would organise programmes to raise awareness about women's safety.“Our female officers will sensitise staff at heritage sites and also visitors,” he said, adding that the body would also write to the central government and the ASI to seek better security.
A white writer named Kate Morgan, who seems monumentally concerned about environmental issues, decided to attack the idea of being white on Wednesday, going so far as to say that she hated white culture, didn't like labeling people white, and thought the United States was not much better than North Korea. Her tweeting started toward becoming a rant with this:
I hate White people. — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
“I hate white people,” is not a critique. It is a broad-sweeping incendiary statement—essentially hate speech—and ignorant in its conclusion that white culture is uniform. — HARMLESS INTRNET PAL (@CommanderSpanx) November 22, 2017
Okay, so what would YOU like to do specifically about the long term effects of environmental racism? https://t.co/FQpkHiLy4H — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
There is no God and White people are shit heel polluters. — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
I disagree. I hate White culture, and I am not a fan of people who use the label "White." It's a completely fabricated racial distinction meant for segregation and discrimination in the Americas. If you use it with pride, I'm not a fan! https://t.co/W3ZU88B6wZ — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
That elicited this response:
Did you not. Just use. The term. “WHITE.” In your initial claim to hate white people?? Look. I can do this all day. Just admit you're racist and let's go back to pretending it's not North Korea racking up the most human rights violations on this earth. — HARMLESS INTRNET PAL (@CommanderSpanx) November 22, 2017 North Korea is terrible, but so is the U.S. actually. Let's not pretend we are “oh so much better.” https://t.co/jZUxH8GitZ — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
What a STUPID comment! We are the only predominately white country in the *world* where minorities like are the most free & have the mightiest military to kill our enemies so that we ALL can live free! https://t.co/Ty3Cz0yhZu — Ruben D. Sanchez Jr (@rdsanchezjr) November 22, 2017
And that lit the fuse for a war of words:
Have you visited a pollution hotspot lately? https://t.co/SF1yxTOqc5 — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
The phrase "I am the Alpha and Omega," has withstood far more time than scientific terminology. But sure, words derived from an ancient language mean nothing to your astute modern mind. — HARMLESS INTRNET PAL (@CommanderSpanx) November 22, 2017
Oh. You mean Judeo-Christian Patriarchy. I don't have any time for that unless we are talking about 19th century Feminist Freemasonry or Liberation Theology. https://t.co/QATkilRMOa — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
"I don't have time for facts." If we want to reword your statement.
Is it Judeo-Christian patriarchy you are avoiding? Or the embarrassing revelation that you SIMPLY FORGOT the word alpha derives from the Greek Alphabet. As does its derivative usage as a term for "first." — HARMLESS INTRNET PAL (@CommanderSpanx) November 22, 2017
Judeo-Christianity is not a fact. It's a regressive bronze-age and medieval system of governance. https://t.co/yvPWnazWgf — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
I hate people who identify as "White" people. https://t.co/vTqJyLRm2o — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
And virtue signaling: I live in Englewood, Chicago and wear thrift store coats in order to pay my Black intern and my actors in productions. I abandoned my privilege purposely. https://t.co/5QPzFnVWfZ — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
Go live in North Korea and I hope I get to see your face when you find out you can't tweet about how you are getting used as a target in their weapon testing Bv
(No this is not something they actually do, they point is they suck :v) — MANDO-QUEER - The Mostly Harmless Half-Faggot (@Mandokero) November 22, 2017
No. Stop using this as some sort of cover for U.S. obsfucatuon of deadly pollution levels. https://t.co/cCEOMMlHpg — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
Yeah, because deadly pollution is just as bad as having no freedom. We should all just be like North Korea, they are so backwards they don't even get to pollute the planet that much. Much better to have forced labor and starve than contaminate. — MANDO-QUEER - The Mostly Harmless Half-Faggot (@Mandokero) November 22, 2017
We don't have freedom here though to the degree you think we do. Why is everyone bringing up North Korea as some sort of foil to U.S. problems instead of WORKING ON THEM? https://t.co/TOZDUfbKBD — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
There is nothing truthful about Christianity. Full stop. https://t.co/iczWKYqVZa — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
"White" isn't even a reality. It's a decaying Victorian construct. https://t.co/eJRuvExK3V — Kate Morgan (@SomethingTexty) November 22, 2017
And even more virtue signaling:
April 11, 2017
Jacob Cook examines the career of North Carolina Rep. Mark Meadows in the wake of his efforts to protect health care companies' profits at our expense.
NORTH CAROLINA Republican Rep. Mark Meadows has been grabbing headlines as leader of the faction within the GOP that derailed the American Health Care Act (AHCA).
Though Donald Trump publicly blamed Democrats for defeating his pledge to repeal Obamacare, the truth is that the Republicans control the White House, the Senate and the House--and the House Freedom Caucus, a far-right Tea Party-aligned group of about 30 congressional representatives, is chiefly responsible for denying Trump the majority he needed to get his legislation through the House of Representatives.
Meadows' unremarkable career has mostly involved repeated failed efforts to repeal Obamacare--while collecting donations from the finance, insurance and real-estate sectors. Installed into the U.S. House in 2012 thanks to gerrymandering by the North Carolina General Assembly and funding from right-wing PACs, the Koch brothers, and student loan companies, Meadows joined the effort to shut down the federal government in 2013. This was itself a move to repeal Obamacare.
Rep. Mark Meadows (Gage Skidmore | flickr)
Along with other Freedom Caucus members, Meadows endorsed Paul Ryan to replace John Boehner as Speaker of the House in 2015.
As noted by Trump during the confrontation over the AHCA, Meadows supported Trump during his presidential campaign. Like the various right-wing advocacy groups that he represents or is allied with, such as FreedomWorks, the Club for Growth and Heritage Action, Meadows extols the virtues of free trade, free markets and opposition to regulation of industry as ways to improve the lives of everyday people.
Meadows' biggest chance yet to settle his political debts and justify his existence to his benefactors came recently with the Republican attempts to repeal and replace Obamacare. However, not only did he and his fellow conservatives fail to repeal Obamacare, they actually torpedoed the efforts to do so and in the process angered leading Republicans such as Trump and Ryan.
The Freedom Caucus opposed Trumpcare for three main reasons: the legislation did not lift the requirement on insurance companies to provide coverage for pre-existing conditions; it did not put enough restrictions on the types of illnesses that insurance must cover, and; it did not prevent young people from being covered under their parents' insurance up to the age of 26.
In other words, when Meadows and other conservatives blather on about free markets and deregulation, what they mean is that workers should be deprived of the basic necessities of life, including health care, in order to protect their corporate backers' "rights" to hoard the wealth created by labor.
MEADOWS' OPPOSITION to Trumpcare isn't based on compassion for the more than 400,000 North Carolinians denied health care due to his party's refusal to accept federal money to expand Medicaid. It's based on his loyalty to the corporate lobbies and PACs that helped place him and his kind into office.
These are his real constituents.
All of the representatives in the House Freedom Caucus are funded by lobbyists and professional groups--and especially wealthy conservatives such as the Koch brothers, whose net worth is more than $44 billion each. To give a sense of how much wealth this really is, for the 81-year-old Charles Koch this is the equivalent of collecting more than $62,000 per hour from the moment he was born. (North Carolina's median household income is about $45,906 per year.)
Keeping the focus on Meadows' actual constituents, taking only half of the Koch brothers' hoarded gold would cover the cost of Medicaid expansion in North Carolina for the next decade, extending health insurance coverage to at least 400,000 people.
Here in the 11th district of North Carolina, the local chapter of Our Revolution--the political organization that's emerged from Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign--is demanding Mark Meadows appear at a town hall this April 23 to face voters' anger over his attempts to repeal Obamacare.
While activities like this are a good opportunity for people to meet and discuss the tactics that will help us win health care for all, North Carolinians especially should harbor no illusions in the Democratic Party after their shameful compromise on HB 2, a state law attacking the rights of transgender people.
We must organize larger and more frequent mobilizations that unite demands for expanded access to, and full funding of, health care, child care, housing and education with the broader fight for workers' rights, including living wages, wage equality and paid parental and sick leave.
The Republican disunity around Obamacare repeal will be temporary. Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders has announced plans to push for a Medicare-for-all single-payer system. This effort is likely to face strident opposition from both parties.
That will make it even more important for our side to build the struggle to fight for the kind of health care we deserve--because without overwhelming pressure from the grassroots, single payer has no chance of being implemented.
Charity
The village is in Chennai, there is a ‘supernatural' element and a hint of Evangelism.
For a few days now, people in India have suddenly been talking about American rapper Nicki Minaj. On her Instagram page, Nicki posted that she had been sending money to a village in India for the last couple of years:
While Nicki Minaj herself just spoke about 4 particular programmes in the unnamed village, the headlines that followed were the kind that painted pictures of a poor village in ruins saved by a star.
Nicki Minaj has been sending money to Indian village for 2 years, and no one knew, said one headline. Nicki Minaj Quietly Kept Sending Funds To An Indian Village, Today It's Fully Developed, said another. Nicki Minaj Quietly Sent Funds To An Indian Village – it is Now Totally Transformed, screamed a third.
But where is this village? And how has Nicki Minaj's money been used to transform it? No one knew the answer, until now.
TNM visited the ‘village' - except, this ‘village' is inside Chennai. To be specific, it's Thiruvalluvar Nagar in Ennore, approximately 40 minutes away from the Chennai Central Railway Station with average traffic.
And behold the ‘transformation' that some sections of the media have been harking about: Inside a church in the bylanes of Thiruvalluvar Nagar is a ‘Supernatural Computer Centre' with four computers, and a ‘Supernatural Tailoring Centre' with a bunch of sewing machines! They also have a few teachers to take lessons for the students.
To be fair to Nicky, she didn't exactly claim a transformation - that ‘supernatural' claim rests with the media alone.
But if a rich and popular rapper from America has been sending money to this ‘village' for years - surely, the end result isn't a bunch of machines that any under-funded NGO in India would be able to put together?
What is ‘supernatural'?
Inside Thiruvalluvar Nagar in Ennore is the Kirubasanam church - home to Pearl Foundation. Within this church is the computer centre that Nicki Minaj mentions in her Instagram post: Four computers spread across a room, with a huge poster of apostle Lydia Woodson Sloley dominating the room.
Apostle Lydia - mentioned in Nicki Minaj's Instagram post - is a senior pastor and founder of Life in its Poetic Form Christian Ministries, or LIPF, which is based out of Brooklyn in New York. She's the author of three books, including one called ‘The Supernatural Woman', and changes people's lives in her supernatural ways.
And that, of course, is the reason why the computer centre and tailoring unit are called ‘Supernatural'.
LIPF has tied up with the Pearl Foundation to help the women in Thiruvalluvar Nagar in Ennore - the village that actually isn't a village. With funds from Nicki Minaj, Pearl Foundation in association with LIPF also runs a computer centre in Kolathur which has six computers, and has dug up a well in the village of Atipattu.
Once we solved that mystery, TNM set out to find out exactly how the ‘Supernatural' centres have transformed the village that isn't.
4 computers and a tailoring unit
According to Manimegalai, a caretaker at the church, around 50 children come to the computer centre every day to learn MS Office, C++, Photoshop and Tally.
How does the math work out between 50 children and 4 computers? "There is another centre downstairs," Manimegalai tells us. Except, this centre must be extra-supernatural, because it was invisible.
The tailoring unit has so far taught 60 women how to stitch, the foundation claims. In addition to tailoring and computer classes, the foundation also conducts tuition for underprivileged children.
While there's no doubt that the centre is helpful to the women and children in the area, the media's claims of ‘transformation' and ‘total development' are clearly overstated.
So how much of Nicki Minaj's money has gone into a few computers and some tailoring machines?
When TNM posed the question to pastor John Samuels, the man behind the Pearl Foundation, the answer we got was that the information is ‘confidential'.
"Only John Samuels know the details of the funding and he doesn't share it with us," says 29-year-old Elizabeth, who joined the foundation three years back.
Charity or missionary?
John Samuels is the man in the video Nicki Minaj posted on Instagram. Currently in Germany to attend a conference, the pastor replied to TNM's questions via email. While he confirmed the tie-up between LIPF and Pearl, he conspicuously left the answer to one question blank: Does the foundation do conversions?
In a video from 2015, shot at the tailoring unit, John Samuels says, “Many women have been saved and baptised, who came to this tailoring institute. From the deep of my heart, I thank LIPF, especially our apostle Lydia Houston.” (sic)
Manimegalai, the caretaker of the church, tells TNM the story of her own conversion.
"I was a devotee of the Melmaruvatthur Amman for four decades. Even after my husband died, I used to regularly visit the temple. But some years back, my elder son passed away. It left me broken and I was losing all hope. Following this, my younger son and I came here regularly, from 2012. It gave us so much peace that we all converted to Christianity," she says.
The administrator, Elizabeth, insists that foundation and the church are exclusive entities - despite the fact that they share the same premises. Any mention of conversions is first met with outright disagreement. But when TNM showed Elizabeth the video of John Samuels, she admits, “Yes we do baptise some of them.”
“But that is because when somebody comes to God, something will touch them and they hear our prayers and all good things. If they are committed to Jesus, we will baptise. If they are ready to come regularly to church, we will do it," Elizabeth says.
But won't this video, of the pastor claiming that women are baptised here, create a certain perception, we ask Elizabeth. "No, we only baptise those who come up to us. They believe that several problems in their life can be solved by following Jesus," she retorts.
The celebrity, according to CBS News, is worth USD 70 million. While she may have done more charities through the 'supernatural' centres, this is what TNM was able to find in the villages of Chennai.
[Editor's note: The band Halfwit, in which Saber Blazek plays bass, performs this Saturday at Vega in Lincoln. The concert with Hotlines and Domestica starts at 8 p.m. RSVP here.
story by Jacob Zlomke | photos by Andrew Dickinson
Saber Blazek walks into the Zoo Bar in downtown Lincoln. He's sweating and breathing heavily from a vigorous bicycle commute. Outside, wind gusts and snowflakes begin to fall on the first truly cold day of the season.
As soon as he opens the poster-covered door, the woman behind the bar points her hands in the shape of guns at him: “Pew, pew!”
She's shot him, and apparently, it's not the first time she's bested Saber in a duel.
The two laugh and exchange small talk. Saber sarcastically remarks on the day's heat, and the bartender asks him if he wants a Ranger IPA, to which he nods.
35 years earlier, Saber's father, Steve, sat on these barstools and chatted with the bartenders. Steve's picture hangs on the wall of the 50-year-old blues bar, alongside dozens of other local and touring musicians who have played the small stage over the last few decades.
Saber guesses his dad must have been in his early 20s when the photo was snapped. Steve's playing guitar, but it's anyone's guess as to exactly when or with whom.
“It's funny when you look at these old schedules,” Steve says from behind the counter at Bin 105, the specialty wine store he operates. “I was playing there four or five nights a week.”
In the last six years, Saber has played that same stage as the bassist for now defunct prog-rock band The Machete Archive and with his current project Halfwit.
For 20 years, Steve worked as musician in Lincoln and Nashville, where Saber and his younger brother, Emory, were born. Saber's grandfather studied at Juilliard and played tenor saxophone with Les Brown and His Band of Renown. His great grandfather played in the Lincoln Symphony.
Steve recalls his father's childhood as one with high standards and rigorous practice.
“He grew up very poor, and it was just expected of him to be a musician,” he says. “They forced him to practice, hour after hour. In turn, he became a really great musician, but it made him have a softer attitude with me. He got turned off to that style by his parents.”
His father pushed Steve toward music, but with a more relaxed approach. He had the freedom to choose his own instrument. At 10, he began playing drums, but quickly became entranced with guitars, especially the pedal steel, through exposure to folk music by his childhood friend Chris Sayre.
“I noticed how Chris was getting all the girls, doing that singer/songwriter stuff, and I had to carry all this stuff around,” Steve says with a smile. “So I thought I'll get a guitar instead.”
His infatuation with the pedal steel drew Steve to country music, which eventually led to his career in Nashville.
“In high school, I had this long hair but was listening to George Jones, and people couldn't really figure out what was going on.”
In Nashville, Steve played with minor acts locally and some national acts, and worked as a recording musician.
“Most of the people down there are pretty established family guys,” Steve says. “Everybody could play, so it wasn't so much your talent but your ability to get along and fit in. Having a family and hanging around with other guys with families made it easy to relate.”
For Saber, that meant an early life filled with his father's musician friends.
According to Steve, Saber grew up around musicians' children, including Mark O'Connor's son, who Steve calls “one of the greatest fiddle and mandolin players alive.”
Saber remembers his dad's friends from a young age.
“I was surrounded by musicians whenever we went out,” Saber says. “My dad's the kind of guy who knows everybody. Even coming back here, he knows all sorts of people. That was kind of weird growing up, like, ‘Who's this person, how do you know this person?' Oh you play music, that makes sense that you make those connections. That's kind of the whole idea — getting people together.”
When Saber was 6, the Blazeks moved from Nashville back to Lincoln. Steve says he wanted to pursue other things. He now owns and operates Bin 105 in Lincoln's Haymarket. Saber recently finished remodeling the store's new location.
Steve doesn't play much music anymore. Too busy with the store, he jokingly refers to himself as an old man. People used to ask Saber if he's Fuzzy's kid (Steve is known as Fuzzy in music circles). Lately, Steve gets asked if he's Saber's dad instead. Times change, one Blazek steps out of the scene and leaves space for another.
Steve speaks about music as though it's a part of his past and doesn't seem overly nostalgic. He regards musicianship as merely a phase of life, like four years at a university. Yet the acoustic guitar and record player that sit next to a chair behind Bin 105's counter belie his casual attitude toward the art that may very well have defined his life — he did, after all, meet his wife, Regina, Saber's mother, in Nashville.
Even more, a return to Lincoln didn't mean an exodus from music for the young Blazek boys.
“I never pushed my kids toward sports because I've never been very sports-minded,” Steve says, “so I thought some structure like (music) would be good.”
When he was 9, Saber began playing alto saxophone in his school band. He stuck with it for five years, but found it unfulfilling.
“It's a fun instrument, but playing orchestra music all the time gets really boring,” he says. “You have to do it with a large group of people to make a song, and you're second chair, third part and you just sit there and play a few lines for an hour a day.”
When Saber told his dad he no longer wanted to play saxophone, Steve was OK with it on the condition that the 14-year-old Saber pick a different instrument to pursue.
“I went downstairs that night and there was this VH1 Behind the Music thing with Red Hot Chili Peppers, and I watched Flea do his thing. It was just like, ‘Oh, that's what I want to do. I'll do that.' So I went upstairs and told my dad I wanted to play bass.”
While Saber still has his saxophone, and has since learned to play guitar, drums, keyboards and other instruments, none have resonated with him in the same way as the bass guitar. When speaking about playing bass, Saber drifts away from the present moment. His eyes look toward the selection of liquor behind the bar, but his mind is registering something else.
“I don't know why I prefer bass. I love the way it feels to play it.”
A thoughtful pause.
“It's amazing.”
Both Saber and Steve were surprised at how strongly he took to the instrument. Steve recalls days when Saber would be locked in his room listening to the Red Hot Chili Peppers. He remembers the sense of pleasant surprise when Saber began writing his own songs. Like his father, Saber began playing in bands during high school, most of which he says maybe played one show and then fizzled out.
While going to pop punk shows around Lincoln in his teens, Saber was exposed to bands further off the beaten path, further from pop punk's predictable three-chord arrangements. He met people with similar musical interests at shows with Her Flyaway Manner and Mr. 1986, Lincoln bands that helped him to see music differently.
“To see this raw emotion really talked to me. It was like, yeah, I like getting loud and rocking,” he says.
By the time he was 19, he joined Machete Archive, which he considers his first real band.
“(Saber) is a lot like me. On stage, he's very outgoing and people think he's some crazy guy. When I would perform, same thing, I had a stage persona. But in reality, on stage is a solitary thing. You have certain things you do that aren't necessarily you.”
On the Zoo Bar stage during 2012's Lincoln Exposed, I watched Saber play with Machete Archive. At that point, we were still strangers to each other. The song, about midway through an after-midnight set, began in ambience and by the end of four minutes, it had flourished into an exploding instrumental affair. On stage left, Saber was the most expressive, all spread legs, banging head and grimacing face.
And Steve's right. In person, Saber is friendly with a subtle, dry wit like his father. But he's also soft-spoken, the kind of person perfectly content to blend into the sidelines of a social situation.
Perhaps that's the power of the bass for Saber, to bring him to an otherwise unfamiliar form of intensity. He's got his own ideas about the guitar's qualities.
“I don't think that I found the bass guitar, I think it found me,” Saber says. “The universe said, ‘Hey, look at this.'”
While performance might be an isolated aspect of music, for Saber, his songs created the opportunity for communal art. Prior to picking up rock music, he pursued drawing, which he found to be a remote exercise. Yet he says that when he started playing music, he and his father began to form a more tangible bond.
“When you (draw), it's not a very social thing. You just want to sit and be alone and work on things,” he says. “When I started playing music, it opened up a little more of my social life, being around my family. Music has to have people around.”
As a social pursuit, music has provided not only a common interest, but also a medium through which the Blazeks strengthen their relationships. Saber remembers his dad's country records growing up — names like Webb Wilder and John Hyatt. He didn't like it at the time. He listened to jazz into his preteens and then pop punk. Now, though, he's developed an appreciation for Steve's tastes.
“I've seen both those guys [Webb Wilder and John Hyatt] here [at the Zoo Bar]. They're amazing musicians,” he says. “That was interesting, to grow up listening to them and not really appreciating them, only to grow up and listen to these songs and have memories of them being played around the house.”
If the Blazek men have a second home in Lincoln, the Zoo Bar might just be it. Recently, their relationship with the bar has culminated in Saber's employment there. And when the two meet there for a photo on a sunny afternoon, they make the same jokes with the bartender. They sit and laugh like old friends.
It becomes less Saber and his dad or Fuzzy and his kid, and more two locals, sitting around for a drink.
Jacob Zlomke is Hear Nebraska's editorial intern. His dad got him into Steve Miller Band and Styx. Reach him at jacobz@hearnebraska.org.
Republican state lawmakers filed a record number of bills the past few years to roll back LGBT rights and restrict transgender people's access to restrooms. While a handful of the measures passed, including a bathroom law in North Carolina, others died or were scaled back — including in Georgia, Arizona, and Indiana — after business coalitions exerted pressure at the eleventh hour.
Now, for the first time, tech companies are holding a national summit of business and LGBT leaders to discuss strategies for defeating a new crop of bills before legislatures can gavel in come January.
The meeting, organized by Salesforce and PayPal, convenes in San Francisco on Wednesday with up to 100 leaders from LGBT and business groups.
“The tide of legislative attacks has been increasing,” said Jenny Pizer, the law and policy director of Lambda Legal, who will give a presentation about bills that allow services to be denied on the basis of religious objections.
Noting that LGBT people face a "coming onslaught of state legislation," she called the summit "tremendously important and promising," adding, “businesses have played an evermore decisive and high-profile role in saying, 'No.'"
An invitation to the event, obtained by BuzzFeed News, said the agenda would cover battleground states for next year's legislative fights and “a strategic discussion around the various ways we can collaborate in each state.”
Justin Higgs, a spokesperson for PayPal, added by email, "Through this event, we strive to play a part in helping businesses protect employees, customers, and families from discriminatory actions in communities where they live and operate."
In Texas this week, a bill that was pre-filed would void all local LGBT nondiscrimination ordinances, such as in Austin and Dallas.
Ralph Nader, Israel critic Omar Barghouti given Gandhi Peace Awards Yale distances itself from Gandhi award winners' views
Omar Barghout,, co-founder of the BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions) movement walks into Yale University's Sheffield-Sterling-Strathcona Hall with Ralph Nader, center right, to receive a 2017 Gandhi Peace Award from the group Promoting Enduring Peace. less Omar Barghout,, co-founder of the BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions) movement walks into Yale University's Sheffield-Sterling-Strathcona Hall with Ralph Nader, center right, to receive a 2017 Gandhi ... more Photo: Arnold Gold — New Haven Register Photo: Arnold Gold — New Haven Register Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Ralph Nader, Israel critic Omar Barghouti given Gandhi Peace Awards 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
NEW HAVEN >> Two peace activists from different generations and countries Sunday received the Gandhi Peace Award from the Connecticut group Promoting Enduring Peace.
Palestinian human rights advocate Omar Barghouti and consumer rights crusader Ralph Nader each received the award at Yale's Sheffield-Sterling-Strathcona Hall. Several hundred people attended, giving standing ovations to the recipients.
Barghouti is the more controversial of the two. Some Jewish groups oppose his work for BDS (Boycotts, Divestment and Sanctions), whose prime goal stated in its literature is “ending Israel's occupation and colonization of all Arab lands.” His Jewish opponents fear this movement is working against the right of Israel to exist as a nation.
Moreover, Yale University officials issued an unusual statement distancing the university from endorsing the Gandhi event despite the fact it took place in a Yale building.
“A student organization reserved space for the awarding of the Gandhi prize, which is given by an organization not affiliated with Yale,” the statement began. “Yale honors requests by our community to invite speakers and groups to campus in accordance with our academic mission of fostering the free exchange of ideas. Views expressed at these events are those of the individuals involved and do not represent the views of the university as a whole.”
Barghouti's presence at the ceremony was in doubt until recently, when Israel lifted a travel ban it had imposed on him. On March 20 that government arrested him on suspicion of evading taxes on $700,000 from his company and from speaking fees, according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz. He was put under house arrest.
A Promoting Enduring Peace leaflet distributed at the event stated: “The Israeli government, which furiously opposes any criticism or pressure, slanders BDS activists as dupes or anti-Semites. They threaten Palestinians who call for BDS.” The leaflet said that was why Barghouti was arrested and his travel document taken away for a period.
Barghouti began his speech by dedicating his award “to the heroic Palestinian political prisoners in apartheid dungeons.” He asserted they are being held unlawfully.
He said the Israeli government is “trying to suppress the BDS movement” because support for it is growing worldwide. BDS literature states it is asking people “to especially target institutions and Israelis who take part in the injustices against Palestinians or help with Israel war-making.” Those targets include G4S, a British company that builds Israeli prisons.
Barghouti repeatedly said the movement is one of “nonviolent resistance.” He also said it is “inclusive,” welcoming all ethnic groups, including Jewish supporters.
“We are inspired by the South African movement against apartheid and the civil rights movement in the United States,” Barghouti said.
But he criticized President Trump for his support of Israeli government policies. He charged: “The Trump administration has embraced the Israeli government and used it as a model. Our oppressors are more united than ever.”
Nader, a native of Winsted, also criticized Israeli policies. “Who has killed 400 times more innocent men, women and children than the other side? The answer is the Israeli government.”
The Jewish Federation of Greater New Haven office could not be reached at the office Sunday evening, but has made clear in statements that many Jews say the BDS Movement's ultimate motive is the destruction of Israel. Judy Diamondstein, chief executive officer of the Jewish Federation of Greater New Haven, has said. “We are very concerned about the BDS Movement and what it represents. We do believe that there needs to be two states for two people and that that will only be accomplished through direct negotiations by the parties.
“The BDS Movement, unfortunately, is a little bit of a wolf in sheep's clothing. It states on the one hand that its goals are this peaceable resistance by a boycott of goods from what would be the Palestinian areas or the West Bank of Israel and, unfortunately, they're also saying out of the other side of their mouths, to quote Omar Barghouti himself, that he only believes in a one-state solution, a unitary state, where, by definition Jews will be a minority, and he believes basically in the end of Israel. So we have to stand up for the rights of Israel as a nation and its right to exist and I think that the clear objective of the BDS Movement is to cease that existence.”
Nader said “state terrorism” is far more pervasive than terrorism by individuals. “It's always legitimized as being in the service of national defense.”
This practice continues today, Nader said. He charged U.S. forces “can kill anyone” and U.S. presidents can do it unilaterally, with no declaration of war by Congress, “no adherence to the Geneva Convention.”
Nader asked how many in the audience were affiliated with Yale Law School; only several people raised their hands. Then he said of the military actions, “None of this is possible if the legal profession became a first responder for the rule of law.”
He added, “None of this is possible if other professions in the academic world stopped being so preoccupied with their own concerns and covering their own backs.”
Nader told the crowd, “We come from a culture of violence. We're taught in school that Christopher Columbus ‘discovered' America. My father quickly disabused me of that notion when he told me Columbus invaded America in search of gold and exterminated an entire tribe in the Caribbean.”
Nader asked, “How do we build a culture of peace?” He noted small groups can do it, such as elderly women gathering on town greens to protest nuclear weapons.
Nader said if the military budget were to be cut rather than increased, Americans would see improvements in mass transit, schools and other critical programs. “We would not have to cut the budgets of community colleges and state universities.”
Outside the building, a lone protester, Lance Laytner of New York, stood next to a giant inflated Pinocchio that had the message: “Omar Barghouti cheats on taxes, lies to students.” Laytner said Barghouti and his supporters “say they're nonviolent but they're anything but nonviolent. I don't think he should be getting a peace award when he's generated violence.”
Call Randall Beach at 203-680-9345.
Man killed by Hayward police was naked, unarmed, suit says
A man was naked and unarmed when he was shot numerous times in the back and killed by Hayward police, his siblings said in a federal civil rights lawsuit.
Jeffrey McKinney, 29, was shot dead by Hayward police Officers Kenneth Landreth and Ricardo Flores at the Phoenix Lodge on West A Street early on July 6, 2014, says the suit filed Monday in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
Police have said McKinney lunged for the guns of officers who had responded to reports that McKinney forced his way into a tenant's room, refused to leave and acted erratically.
Officers tried to coax McKinney from the room and entered when he wouldn't come out, police said.
But the suit accuses police of killing McKinney “despite the fact that he was naked, unarmed and did not pose a threat to the officers or anyone else at the time they decided to use deadly force against him.”
According to the suit, Sgt. Scott Lunger had hoped to bring McKinney into custody without a struggle by sending an arrest team into the hotel room. Several officers were assigned to the team and were tasked with deploying different levels of force, the complaint says.
Lunger first used pepper spray under the door, but it had no effect on McKinney, the suit says. Landreth then tried to force the door open, but furniture was wedged against it, the suit says.
“Realizing the entry plan was botched, Sergeant Lunger tried to stop the officers from any further attempts to enter the hotel room,” says the suit filed by attorneys John Burris and Adante Pointer. But Landreth continued to push the door open and stepped inside with Flores behind him, the complaint says.
Landreth shot McKinney “within seconds” of entering the room, and Flores then shot him two more times as McKinney tried to comply with orders, which prompted Lunger to “run into the room and yell at the officers to stop shooting,” the suit says.
The suit, filed on behalf of McKinney's siblings — Diane McKinney, Deborah McKinney, Richard McKinney, Jacqueline Taylor and Michael McKinney — names the city of Hayward, Flores and Landreth as defendants and seeks unspecified damages. The defendants have not responded to the suit in court.
Henry K. Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: hlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @henryklee
Brad De Long has written a lengthy essay that defends NAFTA (and other trade deals) from the charge that they are responsible for the loss of manufacturing jobs in the U.S. I agree with much that he says – in particular with the points that the decline in manufacturing employment has been a long-term process that predates NAFTA and the China shock and that it is driven mainly by the secular trend of labor-saving technological progress. There is no way you can hold NAFTA responsible for employment de-industrialization in the U.S. or expect that a “better” deal with Mexico will bring those jobs back.
At the same time, the essay leaves me frustrated and uneasy. It seems to gloss over the distributional pain of NAFTA and overstate the overall gains.
So what does the evidence say on these issues? We have now some good academic papers that address both overall gains and distributional impacts.
Let's start with the big picture. Remember first that many advocates of NAFTA made at the outset some wildly optimistic claims about what NAFTA was going to achieve. The most extravagant of the studies, and the one that probably was the most widely circulated, was one produced at the Peterson Institute for International Economics (then just the Institute for International Economics). This study argued that NAFTA would be a net job creator for the U.S., thanks to a projected improvement in the U.S. balance of trade. (This study is apparently no longer available on PIIE's web site, but excerpts can be found here; see p. 58 for projected impacts.)
This argument was always a red herring: trade agreements are not supposed to create net employment; they simply reshuffle employment. NAFTA neither subtracted, nor added substantial number of jobs to the U.S. economy. At best, it made the U.S. economy more efficient by reallocating workers to jobs that are more productive.
And certainly this happened. But the overall efficiency gains are quite small, much smaller than what the trade volume effects would lead you to believe. A recently published academic study by Lorenzo Caliendo and Fernando Parro uses all the bells-and-whistles of modern trade theory to produce the estimate that these overall gains amount to a “welfare” gain of 0.08% for the U.S. That is, eight-hundredth of 1 percent! See their Table 2 (here or here). Trade volume impacts were much larger: a doubling of U.S. imports from Mexico.
What is equally interesting is that fully half of the miniscule 0.08% gain for US is not an efficiency gain, but actually a benefit due to terms-of-trade improvement. That is, Caliendo and Parro estimate that the world prices of what the U.S. imports fell relative to what it exports. These are not efficiency gains, but income transfers from other countries (here principally Mexico and Canada). These gains came at the expense of other countries.
A gain, no matter how small, is still a gain. What about the distributional impacts?
The most detailed empirical analysis of the labor-market effects of NAFTA is contained in a paper by John McLaren and Shushanik Hakobyan. They find that the aggregate effects were rather small (in line with other work), but that impacts on directly affected communities were quite severe. It is worth quoting John McLaren at length, from an interview:
Q. According to your study, what are the key impacts of NAFTA on U.S. wages? For the average worker, there is not much of an impact, but for certain important pockets of workers, the lowered import barriers resulting from NAFTA do seem to have lowered wage growth well below what it would have been. This is particularly true for blue-collar workers. We did not see much of an effect on college-educated workers, and executives at the other end of the spectrum did gain some benefit from globalizing their production line. There is also a big geographic component. Even if you do not work in an affected industry, if you work in a town that depends on one of those industries, your wage growth was likely affected. For example, a waitress working in a town that depends heavily on apparel manufacturing might miss out on wage growth even though she does not work in an industry directly affected by trade. To me, this was one of our most striking findings. Q. Among impacted workers, how did wages change? The most affected workers were high school dropouts working in industries that depended heavily on tariff protections in place prior to NAFTA. These workers saw wage growth drop by as much as 17 percentage points relative to wage growth in unaffected industries. If you are a blue-collar worker at the end of the '90s and your wages are 17 percent lower than they could have been, that could be a disaster for your family. That was the largest impact we saw, and it is important to remember that the impact is much smaller for the average worker. Q. Which industries have borne the brunt of the impact? Industries that had a big tariff drop because of NAFTA, and that produce something Mexico tends to export, were hardest-hit in terms of wage growth. According to our data, this included many old-line manufacturing industries, such as those manufacturing apparel, textiles, footwear or structural clay products like brick and tile. Q. Which geographic areas were most vulnerable? We found the largest impacts in parts of Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Indiana, with areas like Washington, D.C., Northern Virginia and Maryland among the least vulnerable locales. In the discussion surrounding NAFTA, you often hear about impacts in manufacturing states like Ohio and Pennsylvania. We did not pick up too much impact there, likely because we were only looking at the effects of reductions in U.S. tariffs against Mexican goods. This study did not look at the effects of reducing Mexican tariffs on products from the U.S., which, paradoxically, could cause problems for U.S. workers as manufacturers move production chains south. That is something that we are researching currently and it could explain what we are seeing in areas like Ohio and Pennsylvania.
In other words, those high school dropouts who worked in industries protected by tariffs prior to NAFTA experienced reductions in wage growth by as much as 17 percentage points relative to wage growth in unaffected industries. I don't think anyone can argue that a 17 percentage drop is small. As McLaren and Hakobyan emphasize, these losses were then propagated throughout the localities in which these workers lived.
So here is the overall picture that these academic studies paint for the U.S.: NAFTA produced large changes in trade volumes, tiny efficiency gains overall, and some very significant impacts on adversely affected communities.
The consequences of NAFTA for Mexico are another topic which would require a separate post. Let me just say that the great expectations the country's policymakers had for NAFTA have not been fulfilled. Despite the country's integration into North American production chains, overall productivity has stagnated. Mexico has been one of Latin America's underperformers.
So is Trump deluded on NAFTA's overall impact on manufacturing jobs? Absolutely, yes.
Was he able to capitalize on the very real losses that this and other trade agreements produced in certain parts of the country in a way that Democrats were unable to? Again, yes.
https://www.facebook.com/khaldrene
After a long leave of absence from the cosplay interview scene, I felt it time to bring it back; and back with a Dothraki ROAR!! This Interview is with an extremely talented Cosplayer who I fist stumbled across while trawling through Youtube; where in I happened upon a video of his appearance at Blizzard Halloween (See video below).
Most will know for his Khal Drogo Cosplay, Geeks, I present to you; Rene Koiter:
1. Rene Koiter, tell Geek Pride and their readers a bit about yourself. Where are you from, what do you do for fun and what do you want out of life?
I was born in Argentina but grew up in the Netherlands. Since having the capacity to remember, I have always been into geeky stuff…particularly movies and video games of the fantastical and science-fictional kind. In my university years, I got in touch with several folks over at Blizzard Entertainment who are the makers of games such as Warcraft, StarCraft and Diablo. One thing led to another and now I work at their main base in Southern California. Quite a trip! I work as a graphics designer, producing imagery and animations for Blizzard's web sites. On the side, I really enjoy working out and lifting heavy weights. It's a great compliment to a sedentary work style…and has its benefits when one day you decide to go on costuming adventures as bold characters.
2. Be straight with us.. The beard, its the source of all your power right?
How dare you compare me to a weakling like Samson. Who would store the source of all their power in their hair?!? My power comes from my mind and from my heart, man. Good thing too, because the mane and lower dangly part of the beard for Khal Drogo's recreation are extensions. Although, I secretly do wish I could grow a glorious Dothraki ponytail. My hair is naturally curly/wavy so it coils up too much to wear down. A beard, I have no problem growing out though. Did I make you jelly? 🙂
3. How long have you been Cosplaying for and what was your first ever costume?
I have only been cosplaying for a few years and have only done two characters. The first one I am well-known for is Jim Raynor, the protagonist of Blizzard's StarCraft. He's this gun-toting Han Solo type scoundrel turned marshall who gets embroiled in an interspecies conflict between the highly-advanced Protoss and the bug-like Zerg. I looked in the mirror one day and thought I bore a mighty resemblance. The second portrayal I did was last year's Khal Drogo. At Blizzard we have this cool Halloween event where people dress up and go up on stage with a chance to win prizes. I thought it would be fun to participate and give my colleagues a good show. Game of Thrones is definitely in line with the fantasy realms we breathe, so Drogo was a no-brainer as I perceived my features to be strikingly similar.
4. Do you make all the costumes yourself and if so what was the one that took the longest?
Khal Drogo was definitely the most ambitious project. What I keep saying is that this character is so epic and larger-than-life that you really need a team to build him properly. So I decided to divide and conquer. I physically prepared for he role such as growing out the hair for the extensions, working out like a beast and then emulating Drogo's mannerisms and speech. Then I was referred to a talented costume designer, Nora Holley. She had worked in the film industry and had the artisan craftsmanship to tackle those barbaric materials like leather and fur. For hair and makeup, I conscripted Celeste Aviva Elson and a Scottish fellow who goes by the online pseudonym TrippedWire. Both are incredible at what they do and adopted some crazy first-time techniques to enhance my natural features to look like the great Khal. Finally, I had two colleagues of mine help me out in bringing the final act together. One sculpted and molded the iconic golden medallion belt and the other served as the ill-fated translator during the performance. In hindsight, I have never seen such a monstrous collaboration for Blizzard Halloween before. Dream Team Drogo won first place that day.
5. any tips for budding cosplayer out there who want to follow in your epicly beardy footsteps?
As with pretty much everything else in life, you as an individual will never be as influential as a pack of talent working together to a common goal. You are as a strong as your team so if you want to go places it becomes essential to collaborate. You want that epic beard? You better have a damn good hairdresser! So find cosplay projects and team up, you never know what kind of special you may unleash upon this world.
6. Are there any fellow cosplayers out there who you look up to and wish you could emulate?
Lately I have been enjoying the cosplay of Meagan Marie and Angela Bermudez. These are some fiercely talented ladies who really get into the characters they portray. The artistry displayed in their works is phenomenal…and it may be my biased self but I think their focus gravitates more towards video games which is always a plus for me.
7. What convnetions do you enjoy going to most and any memorable moments?
I have been to SDCC twice, but not in costume. Since I am a Blizzard employee, I always get to go to BlizzCon. My most memorable moment was in 2011 where I was dressed up as Raynor and my colleague (the Dothraki translator) walked around as Ghost unit from StarCraft. The con-goers swarmed us and at one point we were posing for photos for about an hour in a single spot. Crazy. The power of cosplay is that you're no longer an attendee but you become an attraction. And if you gang-up with others the effect multiplies exponentially….remember, you're just stronger as a team. Another cool thing was that we got to hang out with Adrianne Curry, former America's Next Top Model and Geek Extraordinaire. She's also very into cosplay and a big World of Warcraft player. The show closed in style with the Foo Fighters in concert. What a memorable BlizzCon!
8. Khal Drogo is obviously a huge success for you, with your pictures and video being splashed all over the internet, what is in store for peole next?
I want to hit up SDCC this year and conquer that convention as Khal Drogo. It's a great venue for the costume as it is an immediately recognizable character. Also, I have some photoshoots planned with some Daenarys cosplayers, one of which is quite uncanny I must say. As for future costumes, I have one video game character in mind who is a cult-classic but surprisingly no one has ever cosplayed him to my knowledge. I like characters that fit and resemble my own physical characteristics. People are very attracted to look-a-likes, it's like seeing twins. So pranking and leaving people wonder in that way is always a personal motivator for picking a character to cosplay.
9. dare I ask, Game of thrones or Lord of the Rings?
Wow, you got me there! They are quite different kits of the fantastical. GoT is more medieval and grounded whereas LotR is high-fantasy with a greater set of cultural/racial diversity. It's a tough choice but in the end I'd pick LotR. It's more colorful with an equal amount of safe havens and dark places to journey to. GoT is bleaker, as it seems everything there just goes through perpetual times of sh!t. What I would give to cosplay as Thorin Oakenshield. Dwarves rule! Even though I am 6'4″, with some trick photography I think I could be a great King under the Mountain.
10. you have been exposed to some radioactive material, it has given you one power of your choice, what would it be and what would you use it for?
I love to eat, especially baked goods. So if I had the superpower to consume carbohydrates without them affecting my physique and ruining months of work out, that would be great! Plain oatmeal, eggs and chicken just gets very stale after so long 🙂
Comments
comments
Microsoft is sending emails to some Windows Store developers informing them that their apps have been removed from the Store for violating its quality standards.
In its latest review of the Store, Microsoft is evaluating if the published apps are good enough to be listed in the Windows Store. This includes publicly available apps as well as private beta apps. Additionally, Microsoft is also asking developers to delete any promotional campaigns for their apps to prevent advertising charges. Similarly, app name reservations are also being nullified; which means that if your app is unpublished, there's no guarantee that you'll be able to republish it under the same name.
Officially, the policies for the Microsoft Store says that apps must have "distinct and informative metadata" and "provide a valuable and quality user experience". There are also some specific standards that must be in the apps, including having a name that is not similar to another app or device, along with offering a description that is accurate about its features and functions.
There have certainly been many Windows Store users who have complained over the years about the large number of apps published that are clones of other apps or ones that are simply poorly made. Hopefully, this new move by Microsoft will help to curb these issues, at least for now.
Search Gallery Inktober 2018 Day 3: Roasted Skyserpent 25 Inktober 2018 Day 2: Tranquil Skyserpent 28 Advertisement Advertisement You're gonna carry that weight. Skyserpent 11 A Half-Dragon Bookworm Skyserpent 200 [Commission] Aarakocra Cleric Skyserpent 86 [Commission] Aaracokra Wind Wizard Skyserpent 171 DnD Commission Full Party with DM Skyserpent 262 Human Barbarian Skyserpent 207 Commission: The Gnoll and the Nerd Skyserpent 48 Commission: The Alchemist and the Musician Skyserpent 54 Commission: The Paladin and the Academic Skyserpent 65 Commission: The Gambler and the Chandler Skyserpent 47 Bargain Quest is live on Kickstarter! Skyserpent 12 Tiefling Paladin sketch Skyserpent 54 Commission: Doppelganger Spellthief Skyserpent 83 Warhammer 40k Astra Militarum Commission Skyserpent 250 Commission: Aarakocra Archer Skyserpent 363 Commission: RWBY Magician Skyserpent 26 Dwarf Barbarian Skyserpent 29 Gnome Piper Skyserpent 37 The Pair Skyserpent 18 Open For Commissions! Skyserpent 15 Gnome Ranger Skyserpent 103 Desert Druid Skyserpent 48
High school journalists in Kansas investigated their principal and found discrepancies in her credentials, prompting her to resign. Professional journalists like The Post's David Fahrenthold congratulated the kids for asking tough questions. (Monica Akhtar,Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
Connor Balthazor, 17, was in the middle of study hall when he was called into a meeting with his high school newspaper adviser.
A group of reporters and editors from the student newspaper, the Booster Redux at Pittsburg High School in southeastern Kansas, had gathered to talk about Amy Robertson, who was hired as the high school's head principal on March 6.
The student journalists had begun researching Robertson, and quickly found some discrepancies in her education credentials. For one, when they researched Corllins University, the private university where Robertson said she got her master's and doctorate degrees years ago, the website didn't work. They found no evidence that it was an accredited university.
“There were some things that just didn't quite add up,” Balthazor told The Washington Post.
The students began digging into a weeks-long investigation that would result in an article published Friday questioning the legitimacy of the principal's degrees and of her work as an education consultant.
On Tuesday night, Robertson resigned.
“In light of the issues that arose, Dr. Robertson felt it was in the best interest of the district to resign her position,” Pittsburg Community Schools announced in a statement. “The Board has agreed to accept her resignation.”
The resignation thrust the student newspaper staff into local, state and national news, with professional journalists nationwide applauding the students for asking tough questions and prompting change in their administration.
“Everybody kept telling them, ‘stop poking your nose where it doesn't belong,'” newspaper adviser Emily Smith told The Post. But with the encouragement of the superintendent, the students persisted.
“They were at a loss that something that was so easy for them to see was waiting to be noticed by adults,” Smith said.
In the Booster Redux article, a team of six students — five juniors and one senior — revealed that Corllins had been portrayed in a number of articles as a diploma mill, a place where people can buy a degree, diploma or certificates. Corllins is not accredited by the U.S. Department of Education, the students reported. The Better Business Bureau's website says Corllins's physical address is unknown and the school isn't a BBB-accredited institution.
“All of this was completely overlooked,” Balthazor said. “All of the shining reviews did not have these crucial pieces of information … you would expect your authority figures to find this.”
Robertson had been living in Dubai for more than 20 years before she was hired for the position. She said she most recently worked as the chief executive of an education consulting firm known as Atticus I S Consultants there.
In a conference call with the student journalists, Robertson “presented incomplete answers, conflicting dates and inconsistencies in her responses,” the students reported. She said she attended Corllins before it lost accreditation, the Booster Redux reported.
When contacted by the Kansas City Star after the publication of the students' article, Robertson said all three of her degrees “have been authenticated by the U.S. government.” She declined to comment directly on students' questions about her credentials, “because their concerns are not based on facts,” she said.
In an emergency faculty meeting Tuesday, the superintendent said Robertson was unable to produce a transcript confirming her undergraduate degree from the University of Tulsa, Smith said.
During the course of their reporting, the students spent weeks reaching out to educational institutions and accreditation agencies to corroborate Robertson's background, some even working through spring break. Their adviser, Smith, had to recuse herself from the story because she was on the committee that hired Robertson. So the students sought the help of Eric Thomas, executive director of the Kansas Scholastic Press Association, and other local and national journalists and experts.
Under Kansas law, high school journalists are protected from administrative censorship. “The kids are treated as professionals,” Smith said. But with that freedom came a major responsibility to get the story right, Smith said. It also meant overcoming a natural hesitancy many students have to question authority.
“At the very beginning it was a little bit exciting,” Balthazor said. “It was like in the movies, a big city journalist chasing down a lead.”
But as the students began delving deeper into the story, keeping notes on a whiteboard, “it really started hitting me that this is a much bigger deal,” Balthazor said.
The students were among those packed into a school boardroom Tuesday night when the school board president announced Robertson's resignation. After the announcement, a parent in the audience stood up and asked school officials if they would be recognizing the student journalists for uncovering crucial details about Robertson's background. The superintendent said he would be meeting with the students Wednesday to personally thank them.
“We'd broken out of our comfort zones so much,” Balthazor said. “To know that the administration saw that and respected that, it was a really great moment for us.”
After local news broke that Robertson had resigned, numerous national journalists — including The Post's David Fahrenthold — tweeted the students' story, congratulating them for their work.
“Holy crap,” Balthazor thought, “why are these people paying attention to this little journalism story from southeast Kansas?”
While the high school junior was leaving track practice Tuesday night, he learned in a group message with his newspaper staff that Todd Wallack, a reporter for the Boston Globe's Spotlight Team, had tweeted the students' story, saying: “Great investigative work by high school journalists.” Balthazor sat in his car in the parking lot and immediately called his mom to tell her the news.
“I honestly thought they were joking at first,” Balthazor said. The Booster Redux staff had watched the movie “Spotlight” in class last year, Balthazor said. “It was awesome to know that such respected members of the journalism community had our backs.”
After graduation, Balthazor said, he hopes to pursue a degree in creative writing or filmmaking. Even though he doesn't necessarily plan to stick with journalism, Balthazor said the past few weeks had been “surreal.”
“Most high schoolers would never get even close to an opportunity to get to experience something like this,” he said.
Read more from Morning Mix:
A teen asked his grandmother to her first prom. Too old, said the school.
Paper says columnist tried to remove his articles criticizing Trump to get a State Department job. It backfired.
America is ‘over-stored' and Payless ShoeSource is the latest victim
This 1995 Mazda MX-5 Miata shows 66k miles and is powered by a 1.8 liter inline-four paired to a 5-speed manual gearbox and factory limited-slip differential. The car has spent its entire life in North and South Carolina according to the clean Carfax, and it is unmodified apart from adjustable Koni dampers, upgraded anti-roll bars, and an aftermarket stereo head-unit. A timing belt and water pump service was performed in January 2013 at 53k miles according to the seller. This Miata is also optioned with power windows and mirrors. It is sold with the OEM dampers/roll bars, stereo head-unit, some service records, a Haynes repair manual, a few spare maintenance items, and a clean South Carolina title in the seller's name.
Outside, the seller states that this car likely wears all of its factory paint and panels as the finish is consistent throughout. No evidence of major impacts or repairs have been found, and the Carfax remains accident-free as detailed below and in the photo gallery. This Miata looks to be in solid overall condition in these photos and even retains the often-removed front tow hooks.
A few dings, scratches, and touch-ups are highlighted in the photo gallery with some flaws shown on the driver-side above. Touched-up areas on the front and rear bumpers are also detailed in the photo gallery, along with a few small dings in the hood. The suspension has been upgraded with adjustable Koni dampers in addition to aftermarket anti-roll bars front and rear. The OEM parts will be included with the sale.
The 14″ factory alloy wheels look to be in decent condition at all four corners with several marks present and each wheel highlighted in the photo gallery. This car is equipped with a factory limited-slip differential.
Inside, this Miata remains stock aside from an aftermarket CD stereo head-unit as shown above. The original head-unit is also included as shown in the photo gallery. Both seats look to be holding up well, and the carpeting, door panels, and dashboard all reflect the relatively low-mileage. The factory power windows are operated via switches at the front of the arm rest.
All instrumentation, lighting, electrics, and features are claimed to be in good working order including the air conditioning system. The steering wheel shows a few marks at the top of the rim, and the seller recently replaced the speedometer cable after it was broken for about three weeks. The odometer currently shows 66,500 miles.
The seller states that the 1.8 liter inline-four is stock with regular maintenance performed throughout the years. According to the included service records, this car received a new timing belt, water pump, and several hoses using OEM parts in January 2013 at 53k miles. A receipt covering the hoses is shown in the photo gallery below. The prior owner reportedly elected to do much of the mechanical service himself, and some spare maintenance parts will be included with the sale as shown in the photo gallery below.
The Carfax report remains free of accidents or issues and shows that this Miata has been registered in North and South Carolina from new. Eight service history records are also shown.
It didn't take long for new Senator Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) to get lectured by liberal CNN. After Cruz told anchor Wolf Blitzer that he opposed the fiscal cliff deal, Blitzer reproved him and told him to "deal with reality."
"[Y]ou're in the minority in the United States Senate. You've got to deal with reality. You can't just be -- you can't just be overly idealistic on those issues," said Blitzer, who shed his objectivity to lecture a sitting congressman on what he should do.
"You've got a divided government. You've got to make concessions, you've got to compromise. If you're just going to come into Washington and say 'do it my way or the highway,' you're not going to get anywhere," Blitzer continued.
Cruz threw Blitzer's sermon back in his face:
"Look, Wolf, this President campaigned saying he supported spending cuts and his deal had zero in spending cuts and $330 billion in new spending. The person who's saying 'do it my way or the highway' is the President."
"And if there wouldn't have been a deal, Senator, all the economists made the same prediction that within a few weeks there would be a lot more unemployment. We could potentially be going into a recession," Blitzer told Cruz earlier. "Look, it wasn't a perfect deal. Nobody was thrilled by it, but you got to deal with what's doable in a divided Congress like we have."
Meanwhile, Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii) got much softer treatment by her CNN hosts, who helped her jump on board their agenda of "compromise."
"At some point, our elected leaders need to stop following and start leading," insisted CNN's Kate Bolduan. "We're having -- I'm fearing we're having a similar conversation that we've been having with the senators and congress – and our congressmen and women for an entire session now. How is it going to be different?"
"[W]hat are you going to do to try to make it different?" Bolduan teed up Gabbard to preach about being "servant leaders" and finding "common ground."
A transcript of the segment, which aired on January 3 on The Situation Room at 6:17 p.m. EST, is as follows:
KATE BOLDUAN: Senator, I had the opportunity to speak with you just the day after the election. And during our interview, you said that if President Obama followed the model of President Clinton and worked with Republicans, you'd be happy to work with him on many issues. So you are here today, you're finally not senator-elect, you are Senator Ted Cruz. What does that mean now that you are in – you are here, you are in Washington, and specifically, when you've seen the debacle and the fight that has gone on over the last few weeks?
Sen. TED CRUZ (R-Tex.): Right. Well, I think the deal that was cut on the fiscal cliff was a lousy deal. I would have voted against it.
BOLDUAN: You would have?
CRUZ: It raised taxes by $620 billion. I think that's going to kill jobs. I think that's going to hurt small business, and I think that's going to hurt Americans.
WOLF BLITZER: You would have voted against it?
CRUZ: I would have voted against it. And it combined tax increases with not spending cuts, but $330 billion –
BLITZER: You would have voted against it even though millions of Texans would have seen their – middle class families would have seen their taxes going up?
CRUZ: I would have voted against it. The only reason their taxes would have gone up is because President Obama and Harry Reid were pushing to raise taxes.
BLITZER: Except in the real world, the only reason their taxes would have gone up is because you would have voted to see their taxes going up.
CRUZ: At the end of the day, I think we need to be solving these problems. And jacking up taxes and increasing spending makes the problems worse. We need economic growth. The nice thing is, part of the reason we got a lousy deal is that when you have divided government, whoever owns the defaults, whoever wins if there is inaction, has the advantage. With the fiscal cliff, if there was inaction, there would be a massive tax increase. That gave President Obama an advantage. Moving forward to the debt ceiling, I think it is the mirror image, and I am hopeful we will see some serious reforms to rein in our spending and to address these fiscal –
BOLDUAN: Let me ask you real quick about that. Part of that lousy deal you're describing, that was cut by your leader, Mitch McConnell, working with Vice President Joe Biden. So what are you going to tell Mitch McConnell about that lousy deal and how you're going to work with him going forward?
CRUZ: Well, what I've said is I would have voted against it. But the reason we got a lousy deal is, as I said, because the terrain was incredibly favorable to President Obama.
BOLDUAN: Because it sounds like you're – while you're saying you want to work with President Obama, it sounds like it's going to be pretty tough for you to get to a place where you're ready to work with President Obama.
CRUZ: I'm happy to work with him if he's actually being productive solving our problems. I think jacking up taxes and increasing spending hurts growth, costs jobs, makes the lives of the American people worse –
BLITZER: Congresswoman, how would you have voted?
Rep. TULSI GABBARD (D-Hawaii): I would have voted for it. Because I think what we have to remember here is how many middle class families all across the country would have seen that tax hike immediately, and by making those tax cuts permanent for the middle class families, I think, is incredibly important. I think there's no doubt about the fact that we have a lot of work to do. There are many reforms that need to be done. There was a tight deadline here. And when you're looking at working families, families who are struggling just to put food on the table, you've got to work with what you have and have a plan for how to go forward.
BLITZER: And if there wouldn't have been a deal, Senator, all the economists made the same prediction that within a few weeks there would be a lot more unemployment. We could potentially be going into a recession. Look, it wasn't a perfect deal. Nobody was thrilled by it, but you got to deal with what's doable in a divided Congress like we have.
CRUZ: The only reason this lousy deal happened is because President Obama and Harry Reid wanted to raise taxes on Americans. I think that's going to hurt growth and it's going to hurt the middle class and working class because –
BLITZER: But, remember, the President was re-elected. Harry Reid is the majority leader in the United – you're in the minority in the United States Senate. You've got to deal with reality. You can't just be -- you can't just be overly idealistic on those issues.
CRUZ: But let me say two things. Number one, the same voters that re-elected the President re-elected a Republican majority in the House.
BLITZER: But not in the Senate. And not in the White House. You've got a divided government. You've got to make concessions, you've got to compromise. If you're just going to come into Washington and say 'do it my way or the highway,' you're not going to get anywhere.
CRUZ: Now who's saying 'do it my way or the highway'? Look, Wolf, this President campaigned saying he supported spending cuts and his deal had zero in spending cuts and $330 billion in new spending. The person who's saying "do it my way or the highway" is the President.
BLITZER: I'm just saying 89 senators out of 100, including almost all of the Republicans, voted for it.
CRUZ: Well, I'm going to make a prediction. That was driven because the advantage of the default gave President Obama the leverage. Fast forward a few weeks to the debt ceiling, it's the mirror image, and I think we're going to see, I hope we're going to see real reforms to address these problems.
BOLDUAN: You know, congresswoman, the dysfunction of Washington, the dysfunction, specifically, of Congress and its inability to work together and with the White House is why Congress' approval rating is at an all-time low. It is the worst in Washington. And you are walking straight into it. At some point, our elected leaders need to stop following and start leading. We're having -- I'm fearing we're having a similar conversation that we've been having with the senators and congress – and our congressmen and women for an entire session now. How is it going to be different? How can-- what are you going to do to try to make it different?
GABBARD: Well, it has to be different. Like you said, it's up to us. We've been sent here to serve the people in our communities and the people of this country, and people are demanding that we be those servant leaders, who focus not on negativity and not on the blame game, but saying, okay, we can disagree on some things, but how can we find a point of agreement, find that common ground? Because at the beginning and the end of the day, we all come from a place where we care very much about, we care very much about the families, the young people, our seniors in our communities who are trying very hard just to get by every single day. So if we stay positive and stay focused on the opportunities that we have to work together, than I think that's the only way that we can make progress.
Story highlights $4.7 million landmark church has been demolished in China
Officials responsible for demolition say church was an illegal structure
Christian rights group says demolition signals an official anti-religious campaign
A massive church was razed to the ground this week in Wenzhou, a coastal Chinese city nicknamed the "Jerusalem of the East" for its large Christian population.
Local officials responsible for the demolition say the church was an illegal structure that was four times the permitted structure size. But Christian groups are concerned that the demolition signals an official campaign against religious organizations.
The Sanjiang Church took 12 years and 30 million yuan ($4.7 million) to build, reports Chinese media . Its soaring spires were a symbol of worship in a city that is fifteen percent Christian
The church's demolition on Monday was preceded by a month-long standoff between supporters of the church and local authorities, with supporters occupying the church to protest its destruction.
The church was originally a government-approved project under the official "Three-Self Patriotic Movement," a state-sanctioned Protestant church. Last September it was lauded by the local government as a model engineering project.
JUST WATCHED China's Catholics open up about faith Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH China's Catholics open up about faith 01:58
JUST WATCHED Is Ariz. bill about Christians vs. Gays? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is Ariz. bill about Christians vs. Gays? 06:56
JUST WATCHED 'Duck Dynasty' debate divides Christians Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Duck Dynasty' debate divides Christians 10:19
But the official rhetoric has since changed entirely.
Jin Leibo, a spokesperson from the propaganda department of Yongjia County, where Sanjiang Church was located, told CNN that the church was destroyed as it was "illegal."
"The building area should be within 1,881 square meters, but they built 7,928 square meters illegally," Jin said. The church was asked to "self-rectify" by April 22, but workers only managed to tear down 500 square meters by deadline, according to officials.
By Monday evening the church had been flattened by bulldozers.
Five local government officials are currently under investigation in relation to the illegal construction of the church, according to Jin. One official was arrested, and another is in custody.
Representatives of the church could not be reached for comment by CNN.
U.S.-based Christian rights group China Aid says the faithful are worried that the church demolition could be a sign that the government is tightening its grip over the spread of Christianity in China.
The organization claims that churches in different parts of Wenzhou and Hangzhou are currently "facing persecution" as a result of a provincial campaign against religious structures that was set into motion after Zhejiang Party Secretary Xia Baolong visited churches across the province and deemed them "too conspicuous."
Fullerton's acting police chief and the City Council have apologized to a family after the department's narcotics officers mistakenly raided the wrong home after entering through the incorrect back gate.
Capt. Kevin Hamilton, who is temporarily overseeing the embattled department, told the City Council late Tuesday about an internal affair investigation into the incident last Oct. 20 that resulted in the Nordells' home mistakenly being entered, and said it was a rare error.
"I am here to apologize on behalf of the police department to the Nordells," Hamilton told council members. The City Council approved a formal city apology.
The apology came after Robyn Nordell, who lived in the wrong raided home and teaches government, requested a public apology from the chief after discovering that the officers involved did not initially report the incident to the department's brass.
Hamilton said a narcotics team was performing a search on a probationer's home in the 200 block of Ventura Place and went into the back alley but went through the wrong gate and entered the Nordells' home instead. He said officers realized the error immediately and went to the correct address and "eventually arrested that individual." Hamilton said he would be contacting the Nordells about the investigation in the near future.
‘Black Lives Matter' leader Deray McKesson was left embarrased after he claimed that a toy manufacturer and Hollywood in general were depicting black people as apes, only to later delete the tweet when his attempt at race baiting was hilariously exposed.
McKesson tweeted, “Given the history of rendering black people as apes, I'm offended and appalled by the lack of consciousness in Hollywood. #PlanetOfTheApes,” alongside an image of the cover of the new blockbuster War for the Planet of the Apes and a toy figurine of a “bad ape” wearing a blue vest.
Deray thinks he's in the new Planet of the Apes and he's offended by a blue Patagonia vest. pic.twitter.com/r7qI4hnMPL — Ian Miles Cheong (@stillgray) July 11, 2017
Serial race baiter Tariq Nasheed also got in on the act, tweeting, “Does the new Planet of the Apes poster have racially coded messages? Notice the #BlackLivesMatter symbolism. Notice the ape with the blue vest.”
Does the new Planet of the Apes poster have racially coded messages?Notice the #BlackLivesMatter symbolism.Notice the ape with the blue vest pic.twitter.com/8dnr42OxjK — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) July 10, 2017
The tweets were obviously meant to suggest that the makers of the movie had somehow modelled the “bad ape” on DeRay because he wears a distinctive blue vest jacket virtually every time he is seen in public or does any kind of media appearance.
However, DeRay quickly deleted the tweet after he was barraged with messages from people reminding him that the “bad ape” in the blue jacket is a character from the original 1968 Planet of the Apes movie starring Charlton Heston.
You're outraged because they're recreating the look of the original ape in 1968. You don't own wearing blue vests man. Grow up. pic.twitter.com/XF9b0DurVt — Robby Starbuck (@robbystarbuck) July 11, 2017
In fact, numerous characters wore the blue vest in the original Planet of the Apes movie.
The whole farce underscores how people like DeRay and Nasheed are so obsessed with creating racial division for their own agenda, they will try to make anything about race, even if there's a perfectly innocent and completely unrelated explanation.
“There's some serious narcissism involved in assuming a film w/ hundreds of millions at stake would think about how they might offend Deray,” remarked Robby Starbuck.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
iOS Deployments Without Apple IDs
The Problem with Apple IDs
Not long ago, a unique Apple ID was required for every iOS device in a deployment. Without it, a device wouldn't be able to install apps. Similarly, features like iCloud Lost Mode could not be utilized.
For bring-your-own-device (BYOD) deployments where employees own their own devices, this wasn't a problem. A given employee already had an Apple ID on their device from installing personal apps. If a device went missing, the company couldn't utilize lost mode, but the employee could.
For large deployments of company-owned devices however, this Apple ID requirement was a massive headache. Two common solutions emerged:
One Apple ID would be used for every device in the deployment. This sometimes worked, but was a violation of Apple policy. Apple was known to shut down Apple IDs that were being used in this manner. Administrators used scripts to automatically generate hundreds of Apple IDs. They then entered these Apple IDs by hand on each device.
Both of these solutions were nightmares in of themselves for obvious reasons.
Luckily, Apple has gradually loosened the dependency on Apple IDs over the years and now provides facilities to manage iOS devices entirely independent of Apple IDs. If you are planning on deploying a fleet of company owned devices, we strongly recommend using the following features of SimpleMDM.
Device-Assignable VPP App Licenses
An iOS device will not run an app unless it has a license for it. This goes for free apps as well. This isn't readily apparent because a lot of the app licensing in iOS occurs in the background.
For instance, when installing an app from the Apple app store, iOS prompts for an Apple ID before allowing the app to download. The reason is that Apple needs to apply a license to the Apple ID so that the app will have permission to run on the device.
Enter the Apple Volume Purchase Program (VPP). Apple recently expanded VPP to allow assignment of licenses directly to a device via serial number, instead of requiring an Apple ID. This means that a company can purchase licenses for most apps, including free apps, and license a device to run an app without the need for an Apple ID at all.
SimpleMDM seamlessly handles app licensing at the device level by default. By purchasing licenses for apps in VPP, SimpleMDM will intelligently assign licenses to devices right before installing the app to the device. No Apple ID prompt will appear on the devices themselves.
MDM Lost Mode
As recently as iOS 9.3, Apple and SimpleMDM now support activating, monitoring, and disabling Lost Mode from within SimpleMDM without requiring access to an Apple ID or iCloud account. The only requirement for using this functionality is that a device is in supervised mode.
Lost mode via MDM makes particular sense for company owned devices because IT can effectively recover a device without requiring intervention from the device user. Previously, the owner of the Apple ID on the device would need to grant IT access to their iCloud account, or, IT would need to have pre-initialized a device with an Apple ID.
Next Steps
SimpleMDM supports iOS Lost Mode and device-assignable VPP app licenses. You can begin using these features today and manage your deployment without using Apple IDs.
For further reading, we suggest the following articles:
iOS 9.3 Lost Mode, Per-Device App Deployment, Notes
Introducing Per-Device VPP App Distribution. No Apple ID required.
Wheeling from one crisis to another, President Donald Trump has unleashed his temper within the confines of the White House on cabinet members and top aides—and may be on a collision course with his Chief of Staff, John Kelly.
Insiders say that Trump is reeling from the recovery in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, the fallout from the deadly clashes in Charlottesville and what he sees as a media onslaught and has taken to lashing out because he feels he is not getting the credit he deserves.
“He's having a very hard time,” one friend told the Washington Post. “He doesn't like the way the media's handling him. He doesn't like how Kelly's handling him. He's turning on people that are very close to him.”
Trending: New Film Sees Clint Eastwood Re-Enact ISIS Train Attack Foiled By Americans
Trump's ire was directed at National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn after he criticized Trump's ambiguous response to the August 12 demonstrations in Charlottesville, Virginia. Cohn reportedly drafted a resignation letter in response to Trump's controversial comments that both sides were to blame for the violence in which counter-protester Heather Heyer died.
RTX3E1VK More
REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
“I believe this administration can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning these groups and do everything we can to heal the deep divisions that exist in our communities,” Cohn told the Financial Times.
Don't miss: The Trump Administration Wants Only Dead White Men on U.S. Banknotes, but Americans Disagree
The president has reportedly been fuming over Cohn's lack of loyalty, but has not dismissed him because he is leading Trump's tax-cutting strategy alongside Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
The president has also grown increasingly prickly towards Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The pair have disagreed on troop levels in Afghanistan, the Saudi-led blockade of Qatar and U.S. policy in Cuba. One top diplomat said Tillerson's approach to foreign policy had been dismissed by the president's associates as “totally establishment.”
After the Secretary of State's comments that “the president speaks for himself” over his Charlottesville statements, several people close to Trump said they would be surprised if Tillerson stays for longer than a year. He has said in private that he is unhappy with the recent string of controversies to hit the White House.
Most popular: Robert Reich: Why Is Google's Eric Schmidt Stifling Dissent?
More generally, Trump is said to resent the new structure in the White House imposed by Kelly, who is referred to by Trump loyalists as “the church lady” because of his inflexible enforcement of the rules and moral superiority.
Previously Trump's friends used to be able to call the White House and get through to the president directly. Now Kelly acts as gatekeeper with all calls routed through him. Similarly there are no more drop ins and visitors must have an appointment.
“Donald Trump resists being handled,” said Roger Stone, a former Trump adviser told the Post. “General Kelly is trying to treat the president like a mushroom. Keeping him in the dark [...] is not going to work. Donald Trump is a free spirit.”
More from Newsweek
Collection GratefulDead
The First Day
Notes
This reel contains what I believe to be the first 1975 Grateful Dead studio session, with the musicians recording an embryonic version of the "Blues For Allah" title track. Its also the earliest recording for what would become the "SNACK Jam," that they'd soon begin rehearsing with additional musicians (Ned Lagin, Merle Saunders and David Crosby) the following month.
This is not to be confused with any of the content on those February 1975 SNACK rehearsals for the Kezar Stadium gig, as Crosby and Saunders are not present here. It also does not match any other "Blues For Allah" studio outtakes tapes that I'm aware of. It's questionable whether or not Ned Lagin is present here, but I only hear Keith Godchaux playing electric piano. This leads me to believe that this is just the core band with Mickey Hart back on board. There are no vocals, so Donna Godchaux is not present on this recording.
The reel case only contains the notation "The First Day" and a date of "January." I have a few theories for this notation. It could mean that it was literally the first day of 1975, as in January 1, 1975. I think a more likely theory is that it was simply the first day of 1975 studio sessions sometime in January. Bob Gurman, who I inherited this reel from, thought it was the actual working title of this composition, since it was still an instrumental and prior to Robert Hunter's lyrics being written. I've also speculated that this could have been recorded as a guide reference for the band and additional Kezar musicians prior to those rehearsals. It may also have been recorded for Hunter as a template for writing lyrics. Or some combination of all of these possibilities…
I should also add that I'm aware of another version of this recording. I also have a DAT that I think I received in trade from Steven Martin back in the early 1990s. That contains this same recording, but with it divided into two sequences, with a short break in the middle. On this reel, those two sequences are seamlessly spliced together. Despite this spliced version originating from the same two sequences, the reel sounds significantly better and has considerably more dynamic range than the two sequences found on the DAT.
I've scoured through all known notation for 1975 Grateful Dead studio sessions, outtakes and rehearsals, but can find no mention or match to this particular recording - or of any January 1975 studio recordings for that matter. Surprising, since this is such remarkable quality. It very well may be the earliest recording of the Grateful Dead's return following the 1974 retirement. Have a listen. I don't think anyone will be disappointed. Alan Bershaw - January 2017
Identifier gd1975-01-00.137598.studio.thefirstday.bershaw.flac16 Lineage Studio Master Reel -> ?-> Reel @7.5ips (TEAC A-4010 SL playback)-> Lexicon Lambda-> Logic 24/96 AIFF -> wav conversion to 16bit-44.1k-> xAct -> flac (TRT: 22:12) Location Mill Valley, CA Source Studio Reel - Bob Gurman's TDK LX 35/90B @7.5ips (see photo of actual reel and case included) Transferred by Alan Bershaw Type sound Venue Ace's Year 1975
Tom Zbikowski was never afraid to pursue his passions off the football field.
The former Notre Dame All-American safety was drafted in the third round by the Baltimore Ravens in 2008 and has also competed as a professional boxer, winning all four of his bouts.
And now that Zbikowski has lost his desire to play football, he has no fear about moving on.
The 28-year-old Zbikowski was cut by the Chicago Bears earlier this year, and rather than trying to get back on a roster, he has decided to walk away from football to pursue another dream. Zbikowski's brother, father and grandfather have worked as firefighters in the Chicago area and, as reported by the Chicago Tribune's David Haugh, Tom will begin Chicago Fire Department academy training next month.
"I've had an extremely blessed life and I saved three-quarters of my money, so I can do whatever I want and I want to be of service to a community," Zbikowski told Haugh.
Zbikowski's rookie contract with the Ravens was for three years and $1.66 million. His second contract was a one-year deal for $1.2 million. He then signed a three-year contract with the Colts that would have paid him $5.4 million if he had stuck with the team. Although he only played one season in Indianapolis, Zbikowski received a signing bonus of more than $1 million. He also earned more than $225,000 in boxing. That's a gross of more than $4 million.
"Firemen show up in scary situations," he said. "They're symbols of pride, of faith, of what's good in society. I like to live dangerously.''
Zbikowski tried to apply for a spot in the Fire Department earlier this year but was turned away after wearing improper clothes when he went in for his interview.
The Buffalo Grove, Ill., native admitted to Haugh that he had fallen into drinking heavily during his final NFL season, 2012, in which he started 11 games with the Colts. He had lost his passion for the game and turned to alcohol as a reprieve. While he says he had indulged heavily on the nights before game in other years, he said it only started to affect his play in Indianapolis. Before long Zbikowski had gained weight and was not the same player he once was.
Zbikowski took a diet pill that was banned by the NFL, and after failing a drug test he earned a four-game suspension. Had he made an NFL roster in 2013, he would have been suspended until Week 5.
Now, Zbikowski told Haugh, he's stopped binge drinking and has started boxing once again. It's not hard for his family to see that he's in a much better place now than he was one year ago.
"I always thought Tommy overachieved and got everything out of everything in life he could," Ed Zbikowski told Haugh, "so he's content."
This text will be replaced
More On Athletes After Playing Days: Ex-Knick John Starks To Coach In New Hoops League
Black Friday Offers For One Day Only!
Only available on Friday 25th November from 10am - 6pm by calling the SSE Arena Box Office on 02890739074.
Available Offers:
The Simon & Garfunkel Story, 8th December - 50% off tickets
The Red Hot Chilli Pipers, 3rd December - 50% off tickets
The King is Back, 15th April 2017 - Buy 1 ticket get 1 half price
The Belfast Tattoo 31st August 2017 - 50% off all mid range prices
NCAA, Sat 26th November at 7.30pm - Half price family ticket
Arenacross, 27th & 28th January 2017 - 50% off £44.00 & £34.00 tickets - SOLD OUT
John Bishop 4th & 5th October 2017 - 50% off £33.00 tickets
Stayin' Alive, 11th March 2017 - 25% off tickets
Bjorn Again, 16th December 2016 - 2 tickets for the price of 1
The Australian Pink Floyd Show, 26th Sept 2017 - Buy 2, get 1 free
Terms and conditions:
Subject to availability
Service charge may apply
Offers do not apply on tickets already purchased
Not available in conjunction with any other offers
Today, at to Connect(); event in New York, we are announcing a whole bunch of cool new stuff. The news at Connect(); is broad so I'm going to focus on the TFS and Team Services related news.
TFS 2017 RTM
One of the biggest pieces of news is that we RTM'd TFS 2017. That's exciting because it unlocks a bunch of enhancements that we've made to Team Services for our on-premises TFS customers. New things in TFS 2017 include:
Package Management – Create and manage private NuGet feeds.
– Create and manage private NuGet feeds. Code Search – Search all the code across your project collection easily.
– Search all the code across your project collection easily. Agile planning improvements – new form, following work items, live updates, better notifications, …
– new form, following work items, live updates, better notifications, … Git improvements – Hugely upgraded pull request experience, iterative reviews, squash merge, …
– Hugely upgraded pull request experience, iterative reviews, squash merge, … Build improvements – Java build templates, Xamarin build tasks, Docker support, …
– Java build templates, Xamarin build tasks, Docker support, … Release management improvement – Support for ARM templates, task groups, manual approval task, scheduled releases, …
– Support for ARM templates, task groups, manual approval task, scheduled releases, … Test improvements – 10X more compact test results storage, lots of manual testing improvements, test reporting and traceability improvements, …
– 10X more compact test results storage, lots of manual testing improvements, test reporting and traceability improvements, … Marketplace – Support for paid extensions in TFS, improved installation experience, …
– Support for paid extensions in TFS, improved installation experience, … And so much more…
Here are some handy links:
Package Management GA
In addition to the release of Package Management with NuGet support we updated Package Management on Team Services. First, we added NPM support so you can manage both NuGet and NPM packages. Additional protocols are in progress. Second, we introduced the business model terms for our Package Management service that includes 5 free users and charges for additional users. You can learn more on the Package Management marketplace page.
Release Management GA
In addition to including Release Management Service in TFS 2017, we released the GA on Team Services which includes the pricing model. The new model combines Build and Release into a single approach, making it simple for you to manage. The base concept is that you license concurrent pipelines. You can use private pipelines – ones you host yourself or hosted pipelines – ones we host for you. Every account comes with `1 free private release/build pipeline. If you want to do multiple concurrent builds/releases on your agesnt, then you can purchase additional private pipelines. You no longer need to purchase agents – you can have as many private agents as you like. If you would like us to host the agent for you, we provide 240 minutes per month of free hosted build/release pipeline use. If you want more than that or if you want to run additional concurrent hosted pipelines, then you can purchase hosted pipelines and use them as much as you like.
***UPDATE*** Ooops, looks like I jumped the gun a bit. The new “concurrent pipelines” business model hasn't rolled out yet. It will start rolling out Nov 28th. Sorry about that.
Integrated Azure CI/CD
Getting a CI/CD pipeline setup can be daunting – because it can be any kind of app with limitless possibilities. When you know what kind of app it is, you can greatly simplify the process. Today we introduced a new feature into the Azure portal to set up a CI/CD pipeline for your Azure App Service applications. It make it incredibly easy to get started and, once you get started, you can edit the pipeline in VS Team Services to customize it and add as much richness as you like.
Start by selecting Continuous Delivery on your Azure website.
Then walk through a simple wizard that will let you select your Git repo, app type (ASP.NET, for instance), optionally configure a test environment in your pipeline, etc. BTW, you can also choose a repo on GitHub if that's where your code is.
When you are done, it will automatically launch a release and show the results in the portal.
At this point you have a full CI/CD pipeline configured and you can visit Team Services to customize it with scheduled deployments, manual triggers, static analysis, and much, much, more.
Hosted Linux agent preview
We've added a new Linux hosted build/release agent pool, enabling you to do build and release on Linux without having to configure a private agent. The hosted Linux Preview pool will be rolling out to accounts over the next few weeks (so if you don't see it in your account right away, just give it a little time).
The Linux agents are running on an Ubuntu Linux host inside a Docker container based on this repository and include all of the standard Java, Node, Docker and .NET Core tooling. When we start the container we map in the Docker socket from the host VM and the working folder from /opt/vsts/work. This enables you to create or spawn other Docker containers as part of your build or release process using either a script or the Docker extension in the Visual Studio Marketplace.
Improved Docker support preview
We've been working to make CI/CD for container based applications easier and easier. We've updated our Docker extension with a set of new capabilities and usability improvements. We now have built in support for Azure Container Service & the new Azure Container Registry. Along with the Linux pool I described, it makes building, testing and publishing your containers even easier on Team Services.
We also will be releasing a preview of tooling to automate the process of setting up your CI/CD pipeline. The Visual Studio 2017 RC includes new Continuous Delivery Tools as part of the ASP.NET Core Preview workload that quickly create a DevOps pipeline on VSTS. Any ASP.NET Core project with Docker support enabled can be setup to run an automated build and deployment into Azure Container Services after every Git Push. A simple wizard generates all the build, package, and deploy tasks, including separate ‘Dev', ‘Staging', and ‘Production' environments. Start by installing the ASP.NET Core Preview workload. The Azure CLI also has support for the same scenario from the command line.
We'll be publishing more details in the coming days about this tooling & the overall Docker workflows you can do with VSTS.
Work item search preview
We've improved our work item search capability to use a more standard document centric search capability based on the same Elastic Search platform that our code search solution uses – rather than a simple field based SQL full text index. The result is better matching across all of your work item content. We've also improved the search syntax to support a combination of full text and field based search without having to learn a query language. Lastly we've improved the search results experience to provide better ranking and a better preview.
Here I've done a search for work items containing “Home Page” and assigned to “Aaron Cathcart”.
TFS Import
More and more customers are interested in moving from on prem, self-managed solutions to SaaS. TFS customers want to know how to move to VSTS while preserving all of their data. Today, we are launching a preview of a new TFS Import service that can import an entire TFS Team Project Collection – in tact. It can also map you on-prem AD identities to Azure AAD identities and everything else you need to have your full TFS experience up and running on VS Team Services.
To learn more about the TFS Import preview, visit http://aka.ms/TFSImportData.
We've already worked with over a dozen large TFS customers to import TFS servers with many thousands of users to Team Services. We're excited to broaden the availability for more customers eager to move.
I hope you enjoy all the improvements!
Brian
“Nobody walks around with nappy hair no more,” a Black sales clerk informs comedian Chris Rock as he attempts to peddle bundles of kinky hair harvested in Detroit and Cleveland. The scene from Rock's 2009 Good Hair documentary laughably exemplifies the oppressive notions surrounding black hair.
For most of recent history, “good hair” implied straight, silky hair that flowed like Beyonce's mane in the wind (machine). Textured hair, on the other hand, earned the label “kinky,” which by definition means filled with kinks — flaws or imperfections — as in kinks in a plan.
That was then.
Sure, these notions may never completely die in a society that deifies European beauty ideals, but if Rock were to peddle textured hair in Crenshaw today, he might get a different response.
“Right now the coily textured, tightly coiled hair, which everybody would call 4a, b and c, is the most popular texture because the natural hair movement is in full swing,” says celebrity stylist and natural hair guru Diane Da Costa. Da Costa, who runs the SimpleeBeautiful salon in White Plains, New York, wrote the book on natural hair. Literally. She co-authored the Milady Standard Natural Hair Care and Braiding textbook, one of the preeminent references on natural hair for cosmetology schools, as well as Textured Tresses: The Ultimate Guide to Maintaining and Styling Natural Hair (Simon & Schuster).
“Highly textured hair is ‘it' right now. It's the hair to have,” she enthused.
Da Costa honed her skills in the leading natural salons in New York City during the '80s, just as a newly minted Black professional class began to gravitate toward cultural styles.
“Blacks were coming into positions where they had already climbed the ladder and they could truly identify with themselves,” she reflects.
Back then, natural styles were conservative. “Nothing like we are now,” she reflects. “It was either a short, cropped cut or braids.”
The movement was local, largely confined to New York, D.C., and Atlanta — and Brooklyn was, without a doubt, the natural hair mecca.
Over the years, veteran stylists like Da Costa have watched the movement reach its zenith, a moment that coincided with the rise in social media and millennials coming of age.
Unlike the '60s, this time around, freeing the hair to do as it pleases has less to do with political liberation, and more to do with health, autonomy and personal growth. For millennial women who share hair stories and advice on the Internet, going natural feels like joining a coveted sorority for which the only pledge process is a big chop.
“To see all of this happening, I'm like finally. It's actually here,” says Da Costa. But oddly enough, the moment she helped create feels like the best of times, and the worst.
As more and more women cut out their perms, they are also cutting ties with their stylists, forgoing cultural legacy to play kitchen beautician. The Black hair salon, long revered as an institution, a safe space for women of color, and the last bastion of the Black beauty industry largely controlled by African-Americans, is rapidly losing its relevance.
“I opened my salon, Dyaspora, in 1996 and I was one of the top natural hair salons in the country. I made so much money because everybody was getting their hair done,” Da Costa recalls. But back in 1996, about a decade shy of the social media revolution that would turn the Black hair care industry on its head, no one in her position could have predicted the future.
“My sales are nowhere near what they should be based on who I am and the expertise I have,” she laments.
There are several cultural forces conspiring to dismantle traditional beauty salons. The greatest might be the Internet, where megasites like “CurlyNikki” and popular YouTube hair gurus help Black women unravel the mysteries of their own hair.
Cosmetic companies, eager to capitalize on the movement, are saturating the market with lotions and potions that promise to define curls and defy frizz. The inundation of products fuels a culture of experimentation and self-professed “product junkies.”
There's the matter of convenience — daylong visits are anathema to women belonging to the so-called “ADD generation”.
And then, there is a more covert force at play. “The bottom line is they want to save money,” says Da Costa.
The women at the forefront of the movement, millennials, graduated into a recession. Those low starting wages and unemployment spells are likely to compromise their earnings for a lifetime. For this reason, a new crop of salons, operating on a low-price, high-volume business model, present the greatest threat to Black salons.
These are the Dominican salons found throughout African-American neighborhoods that offer wash, set and blow-out services for as little as $25, and the weave bars that install hair extensions at bargain prices.
But Da Costa worries that these attempts to save money in the short term, will cost clients far more in the long term.
“When you do low-price point, the products are inferior. You're going to get what you pay for and over time, your hair is going to get damaged.”
Da Costa has seen clients forced to transition into natural after years of damage from low-price salons. “Their hair is damaged or their scalp is burnt or their hair is falling out.”
Like all industries in flux, Black hair salons are ripe for disruption.
Entrepreneur Folake Oguntabi recently made headlines for establishing a blow-out bar for natural hair in Manhattan. SimpleeBeautiful, Da Costa's salon in White Plains, New York, has a curly texture bar where she also offers blow out services from $45.
Standing appointments and expensive chemical services are becoming increasingly obsolete, but savvy stylists are still finding ways to entice a new generation of clients, often with services that aren't so easy to D-I-Y, like precision cuts, hair color, weaves and treatments that make at-home care easier.
The future remains dark for stylists with an eye toward the past, those who refuse to acquire the skills required for textured hair. But those willing to embrace the movement are finding tremendous opportunity, whether it's establishing natural hair care salon in underserved markets, or developing their own product lines.
“When I first started in the business, there were two natural hair companies not African-American owned,” says Da Costa. “Now we have hundreds of companies making natural hair products, doing well.”
The big winners, of course, are Black women. For the first time, cosmetic companies and even cosmetology schools are investing extensively in multicultural hair training and research. In some states, like New York, natural hair stylists require a special license, and 70 percent of all salons have some person specializing in curly textured hair, even if it's not Black hair, per se.
The Black beauty tradition is changing, but with that change comes the power and wherewithal for women of color to do with their hair as they please.
It's the day after Labor Day, which means it is the first day of orientation for incoming MPAID students. Which also means that I have to give them a talk about the program and how it all fits together. In explaining our extensive and demanding curriculum, I emphasize that development is too important to be left to mushy thinking.
But having gone through an intense math camp for the last couple of weeks, taught by the inimitable Deb Hughes-Hallett, the students are a bit groggy at this point. Many wonders why they need to know about quasi-concavity and all that in order to be good at what they came here for--which is to improve the lives of the poor.
So I tell them a story about Sir W. Arthur Lewis. When I was a master's student myself at Princeton, I once attended a lecture that he gave on real wages, the commodity terms of trade, and North-South income differentials. The talk had no math in it. One of the younger faculty members of the economics department was sitting in the front row, and I could see him scratching his head in confusion throughout the talk. A few minutes after Sir Arthur was done, this young professor jumped up in excitement and went up to the board. "Now I get it!" he exclaimed and began to scribble some equations on the board. "This is the equation which relates to what you said in the first part of your talk, and this one expresses the other, and here is a third... and now finally we have three independent equations that determines your three endogenous variables..." Sir Arthur kept on his bemused smile as his lecture was explained to him in mathematical terms.
The moral of the story is that if you are smart enough to be a Nobel-prize winning economist maybe you can do without the math, but the rest of us mere mortals cannot. We need the math to make sure that we think straight--to ensure that our conclusions follow from our premises and that we haven't left loose ends hanging in our argument.
In other words, we use math not because we are smart, but because we are not smart enough.
We are just smart enough to recognize that we are not smart enough. And this recognition, I tell our students, will set them apart from a lot of people out there with very strong opinions about what to do about poverty and underdevelopment.
Often a guilty pleasure, could pizza actually be good for you after all?
Pizza is healthy for you. Seriously, provided it's made right, that is.
And pizza, as most of us know it, is not made right.
When Enrico Sgarbossa arrived in Australia seven years ago, the pizza chef had never tried Domino's.
supplied Domino's might be takings to the skies with drone pizza, but is it really pizza?
"To be honest, I like Domino's because for me, it's not pizza. In Italy, it doesn't exist," the 28-year-old says.
It's not just Domino's that is not "real" pizza.
"From my experience, I can tell you, there are pizzerias that make the dough in two hours and they use half a kilo of yeast inside 10 kilos of flour to make it rise quicker because they don't have the skills, they don't have the time, they don't have the patience," says Sgarbossa.
AARON McLEAN/CUISINE Zucchini pizzette with chicken
READ MORE:
* Domino's delivers pizza by drone
* Five of the best pizza places in Auckland
* Pizza flown in to quake-struck Kaikoura
"Everyone can do pizza, not everyone can make a good pizza. Mix flour and water together and something will come out. But to make one that will digest easy, that's light, full of taste ... there has to be skills."
He would know. Sgarbossa, from Bassano del Grappa, is a master pizza maker and qualified flour mill technician who won the Giro Pizza Di Europe in 2014 and took third place this year.
The young Italian, who has recently opened his own pizzeria, Al Taglio (pronounced "al tah-leo") on Albion Street in Surry Hills, also comes with a recommendation by Massimo Bottura, whose restaurant was named the best in the world earlier this year.
"Real" pizza, Sgarbossa explains, is a sourdough that has been left to rise for 24 to 48 hours and contains minimal yeast.
Not only does it add depth of flavour to the dough, sourdough is easier to digest, allows us to absorb nutrients in the flour more easily, the fermentation process produces gut-healthy lactobacillus bacteria and it gives us less of a blood sugar spike.
"Sourdough is a healthier option because the acidity of the dough reduces the glycemic index," dietitian Dr Joanna McMillan explains. "Some people also have a problem with yeast – although not everyone – so they may find sourdough more easily digested."
Sgarbossa adds that, in Italy, there are "a million" different flours for different uses.
"00 is usually the best for pizza but it's not full of vitamins – it's really poor," he explains. "That's why they say it's poison, it's not healthy. There's not too many vitamins and grain in there for our bodies to digest properly."
So although he uses 00 (a grind of flour that is very fine) to "cut" the dough, he uses organic spelt, whole wheat and purple flours from Queensland mill, Kialla, which have more fibre, nutrients and are naturally low in gluten.
"We eat pizza every day for lunch and dinner," says Sgarbossa, who is remarkably lean and healthy-looking for such an "unhealthy" habit. "It has to be healthy and easy to digest so that you can eat it twice a day."
Twice a day, I ask incredulously? Yes, he replies.
"I eat here every day, my staff eat here every day. I want to eat good every day of my life," Sgarbossa says. "Cheap food doesn't exist – you pay or you pay with your health."
As far as flours go, spelt is an ancient grain, McMillan explains, but if they still use white spelt flour "it's likely to be high GI and loses all the fibre and many nutrients of the whole flour".
She adds that as well as the base, toppings and portion size determine the health of your pizza.
"Gorgeous simple vegie toppings, lean proteins like seafood or lean meats (not processed meats) are all great – the cheese also adds protein so I love a simple vegetarian pizza more like a traditional Italian proper pizza," McMillan says. "Then serve with a big salad or pile a bunch of rocket or spinach on top and you have a great nutritious meal."
Sgarbossa agrees that portion sizes are a problem, but believes it's also the quantities of certain ingredients that are bodies our not used to.
"We abuse gluten – cake, biscuit, bread, cracker, pasta, everything," he says. "Now people have yeast problem because the bakery industry uses a tonne of yeast. That's why some people get a little bit sick because we're not used to having big quantities – but it's big quantities of everything – if you eat one kilo of carrots a day every day you'll get sick."
Keep it "real" though, and you have yourself a health food in pizza.
"Healthy pizza is entirely possible," McMillan exclaims. "Hurrah to that."
The massive Women's March in Washington last Saturday started off with a bang the resistance to the incoming administration of Donald Trump and his policies. The breadth and scale of the myriad sister marches held around the country and the globe, from big cities to small towns, amplified that even more.
But everyone is asking, what now? How do we harness the energy, excitement and momentum of that day of protest into an organized and ongoing resistance needed to constrain the political options of the new administration and block its worst plans?
The answer won't be a single organization or effort. There is no magic bullet. But Tuesday, January 24 marks a key next step in the resistance.
People's Action, MoveOn.org, Working Families Party, and other allies across the country are holding actions at the offices of Democratic and Republican senators on Tuesday with a clear message: “Stop the #SwampCabinet.” Many organizations will continue weekly protests against Trump and Trumpism every Tuesday as part of #RiseUpTuesdays, initiated by People's Action.
As a candidate, Trump promised to “drain the swamp,” to get rid of the old corrupt Washington political class. He must have forgotten his pledge. Trump's cabinet is the whitest, oldest group of nominees that we have had since Ronald Reagan was president. It is also perhaps the richest group of people ever assembled for those posts. Trump's cabinet is full of billionaires, Washington insiders and cronies. It is truly a “swamp cabinet.”
One of the worst of the bunch is Georgia Rep. Tom Price, Trump's nominee for Secretary of Health and Human Services. Price is plagued with scandals over possible insider trading, conflicts of interest and deep connections to the pharmaceutical industry. Price admitted to profiting from investments from medical corporations that benefited from legislation he wrote. He has been put up by Trump to end Obamacare, threatening the health of nearly 30 million people. When questioned by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in hearings last week, Price refused to affirm that we should have a guaranteed right to health care.
The Senate's Finance Committee will question Price as activists make their voices heard at local Senate offices. Groups are calling for senators to vote “no” to Price's confirmation.
Price has proven himself to be unfit. We need a secretary of HHS committed to the health of all the people of this country. Price will roll back health care instead of expanding it.
Trump did not receive the majority of the popular vote, nor did he receive a mandate for his destructive agenda. That truth was made clear with the Women's March.
Now it is up to the people's movements to show it and prove it in the streets and in the halls of power. That effort starts now and continues every Tuesday during Trump's first hundred days.
GARTH FALCONER redesigned City Mall before the quakes and literally wrote the book on New Zealand urban design. Here he revisits Christchurch and pleas for more attention from the rest of New Zealand.
Dear New Zealand,
This article is too long to tweet but you should recall that our second largest city and capital of the South Island is re-building. It's been over four years since the quakes and back in Auckland we are not hearing anything about the Christchurch rebuild. It has been forgotten. We are now too busy with our own city's development, housing shortages, motorway construction, future of the port and all the rest.
The Buskers Festival enlivens Christchurch's City Mall in 2006.
Arriving by air, this recent visitor to Christchurch was alarmed to see that the overall form of the city is slackening, morphing out to the east and north and thus losing losing all coherence of shape. In the middle it looks like a bomb site. Admittedly after an absence of three years, I was searching for some reassurance that all is good and there is no need to worry.
Certainly the rebuild of Christchurch is a massive and long-term undertaking. It is after all the theatre of the greatest single urban design project in our nation's history and it would be too easy for an outsider like myself to pontificate on the high risk of failure without appreciating the good work that surely must be happening behind the scenes.
And the good news is that life is still continuing in Christchurch. The people are resilient, under some duress admittedly, but life is carrying on and that's most important.
Garth Falconer Christchurch's City Mall today. Barely recognisable.
Equally, life has changed in Christchurch. It's form and identity are different. Now there is no centre to Christchurch. What is left are fragments of buildings and places. It is starkly a big, vacuous hole that ominously appears to suck in all efforts to fill it.
After being dropped off by a taxi, dazed and disoriented I left my isolated hotel and wandered across the rough parking lots that used to be buildings, past bundled-up workers in hoodies and day-glo jackets, busy like worker bees. I barely recognised Cashel and High Sts, where I led a redesign for five years. Every square metre the team had thought about, discussed, conceptualised, met over, detailed and supervised was destroyed in seven seconds.
At my feet, the carefully etched shapes of native flora in the paving were simply trashed. Remarkably some of the plants survive, the odd climber struggling up a trellis and a few trees still growing skywards.
Sure there are developments to be seen. Lots are happening along the Avon River. You can rest your eyes on the curvy glass and louvred Deloitte building, but across the street and opposite Mountfort's historic Provincial Chambers is a big, boxy steel-framed building, squat in proportion. A billboard shows an artists rendering of another thermal glass-clad facade with a layer of framing louvres.
Then there are the enormous precinct developments , the massive medical taking shape just out of the publics eye and there is the justice precinct with a controlled bevy of courts polices station cells etc. There is even a new bus exchange, which is open but half finished. Opposite, local moneyed developers are driving steel piles 20m into the sediment with relentless ringing. In what was Hereford St another squat block of a building in steel framing is taking shape. It boasts a key Government tenant. The floor plates are all big for these new builds and they are massively engineered, some sporting rubber quake isolators in their foundations, and they are squarely designed up to the 28m height limit.
The Anglican cathedral – once the celebrated centre piece of Christchurch – is largely on its own, save for some temporary installations around its security fence, caught like detritus. One side of the building is open to the elements and pigeons roost on the massive timber beams, adding distinctive white stains to what was the most designed of spaces.
Then the tour starts to peter out, leaving you to reflect that there can be only so many Government departments to fill those big floor plates and the handful of locally sponsored commercial developments catering to premium clients.
There are going to be some seriously big gaps between these isolated developments and in parts there is virtually nothing. Even the bulky convention centre proposed to land between Cathedral and Victoria Sqs will be relatively lost in space.
Among these massive goings-on there is little to no public discussion, save for small forums sustained by a few hardy impassioned locals, the young and some recent arrivals. The big design firms are really busy and they are keeping their heads down, for no-one wants to get offside with the client, council or God forbid the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (Cera).
Privately many locals respond to my prods with exclamations of dashed expectations, exhaustion, continual frustrations and a long-shot hope that Cera will someday dismantle itself and leave town. There are good people in both council and Cera, but apparently there is no real design leadership at the fore of this rebuild. Christchurch needs an inspiring, integrating, resourceful and challenging focus on design. It should not just replace but be better than before.
The telltale signs of design failure are also evident in the larger urban form of the city. Outwards the once-tight Christchurch has just become more dispersed, more spatially weak and more reliant on the motor car. New offices have been constructed on edge of the central city, in Addington and Riccarton. They are big and cheap (about $350sqm in rent) and you can park your car in front. Landlords have tied tenants into long term leases. In contrast, rents in the highly spec'ed central city are expected to be upwards of $450sqm, creating added commercial viability issues for the eventual centre.
Residential housing is hemmed in from the east by the sea and to the south by the hills, and so is growing out to the north and southwest. This is exactly not the picture of the 2007 Urban Development Strategy, in which 62 per cent of those consulted wanted a defined and limited city, not sprawl .
Instead, residential development is fast spawning the familiar garden suburb estates model, with characteristic faux walls and grand entrances boasting names like "Halswell on the Park" and "Parklea Ave". There are stacks of big houses on small sections.
Back in what was the central city, the big question is what do you do with all these gaps, how do you make real streets and public places without intensity and continuity? Do you put in five-level residential buildings like Haussmann did in central Paris in the late 19th century with retail on the bottom floors and corners. Another possibility is to install a landscape urbanist thing with swathes of parks and walkways, weaving through the fabric like New York's Highline.
The future of our second biggest city and the one with the greatest design tradition needs to be back on the national radar. A rudderless effort is bound to fail, and horribly so.
Reeling through my head during my visit was the Chrissie Hynde song from the 80s:
"I went back to [my city] but my city was gone ... there was no downtown ... my city had been pulled down, reduced to parking spaces ... by a government with no pride".
* Garth Falconer is a principal at Auckland-based Reset Urban Design. From 2006, he was the design leader for the $15 million refurbishment of Christchurch City Mall. It won a gold award from the NZ Institute of Landscape Architects Reset is leading the multi-disciplinary team behind SkyPath, a pedestrian and cycle access on Auckland's Harbour Bridge.
Copyright by WRIC - All rights reserved
Associated Press - RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) - Brazilian police charged American swimmer Ryan Lochte on Thursday with filing a false robbery report over an incident during the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A police statement said Lochte would be informed in the United States so he could decide whether to introduce a defense in Brazil. The indictment will also be sent to the International Olympic Committee's ethics commission, it said.
"The investigation was concluded on Thursday and Olympic American swimmer Ryan Lochte was indicted for the crime of falsely reporting a crime," the statement said.
It said the case was turned over to a special Brazilian court that has jurisdiction over crimes related to major sporting events. The court, which was established before Brazil hosted soccer's 2014 World Cup, is authorized to receive cases straight from the police when lesser charges are involved, without a need for prosecutors.
The swimmer's spokeswoman, Melissa Nathan, said Lochte had no comment.
During the games, Lochte initially said that he and fellow swimmers Jack Conger, Gunnar Bentz and Jimmy Feigen were robbed at gunpoint in a taxi by men with a police badge as they returned to the Olympic Village from a party Aug. 15. However, security video suggested the four actually faced security guards after vandalizing a gas station restroom.
Lochte left Brazil shortly after the incident. Three days later, local authorities took Conger and Bentz off an airliner heading to the United States so they could be questioned about the robbery claim. They were later allowed to leave Brazil, as was Feigen, after he also gave testimony. Feigen, who initially stood by Lochte's testimony, was not charged.
Lochte has since acknowledged that he was highly intoxicated and that his behavior led to the confrontation. It is not clear from the video whether a gun was ever pointed to the athletes.
Under Brazilian law, the penalty for falsely filing a crime report carries a maximum penalty of 18 months in prison. Lochte could be tried in absentia if he didn't return to face the charge.
The United States and Brazil have an extradition treaty dating back to the 1960s, but Brazil has a long history of not extraditing its own citizens to other nations and U.S. authorities could take the same stance if Lochte is found guilty.
That is currently the case of the head of Brazil's football confederation, Marco Polo del Nero, who faces charges in the wide-ranging scandal entangling international soccer's ruling body, FIFA. He has not travelled outside Brazil for more than a year to avoid being arrested by U.S. authorities somewhere else.
The charges in Brazil raise questions about the future for Lochte, who is planning to take time off from swimming but wants to return to compete in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. He has 12 Olympic medals, second only to Michael Phelps among U.S. male Olympians.
Lochte lost four major sponsors early this week over the controversy, including Speedo USA and Ralph Lauren. But on Thursday he picked up a new sponsor - Pine Bros. Softish Throat Drops. Pine Bros. said people should be more understanding of the swimmer and said he will appear in ads that say the company's product is "Forgiving On Your Throat."
The New England Patriots have a void on their roster at wide receiver. They admitted as much when they made their play for Pittsburgh Steelers restricted free agent Emmanuel Sanders.
Predict the Pick:
Create your own mock draft and you could win a trip to Kickoff 2013. Create your own mock draft and you could win a trip to Kickoff 2013.
The Pittsburgh Steelers matched the Patriots' offer for Sanders on Sunday. So what's next for the Patriots?
Remember, Brandon Lloyd and Wes Welker both are gone (and no, Lloyd's not coming back.) Welker's replacement, Danny Amendola, is a player with upside, but he has significant durability concerns.
The Patriots need to hit on a receiver in the 2013 NFL Draft who will make an instant impact. But as ESPNBoston.com's Mike Reiss pointed out Sunday, history tells us not to assume the Patriots will pull it off.
The Patriots have drafted 10 receivers in the Bill Belichick era. The list is less than inspiring:
» 2002: Deion Branch (second), David Givens (second)
» 2003: Bethel Johnson (second)
» 2004: P.K. Sam (fifth)
» 2006: Chad Jackson (second)
» 2008: Matt Slater (fifth)
» 2009: Brandon Tate (third), Julian Edelman (seventh)
» 2010: Taylor Price (third)
» 2012: Jeremy Ebert (seventh)
2013 NFL Draft: Team needs Our analysts examine each team's game plan entering the NFL draft, identifying the biggest needs, potential fits and more.
Our analysts examine each team's game plan entering the NFL draft, identifying the biggest needs, potential fits and more. More ...
As things stand, the Patriots will have just five picks when they enter Radio City Music Hall in New York. The events of Sunday make it highly probably the Patriots will use one of their first two picks on a wide receiver -- perhaps both.
As you can see, Belichick never has taken a wideout with his first-round pick. Will that change in the 2013 NFL Draft?
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
Of course, Senator Minority Leader Turtledove from Kentucky is not alone when I say Senator Wall Street. In passing by Senator Mark Warner's office last week Tool had to damn near put his hand over my mouth as the swear words I cast about turned the air nearby dark blue. When Dick Durbin said that the banks owned the Senate I actually believed him, and when Bernie Sanders re-iterated that fact I confirmed that belief, though it was obvious to everyone, including people who don't even watch the news. As of this writing, Fox News viewers continue to remain clueless.
But when Senate Republicans openly attack protecting consumers, not only has the shark been jumped, but the shark joined a band and is doing a crappy three stooges impersonation like "Jabberjaw. Watching Mitch McConnell flat out stand up and fight against the idea of giving someone the power to protect consumers from Wall Street reminds me of the time that Lewis Black said that Glenn Beck has Nazi Tourett's, because there is a part in it where Black burns Beck to the ground for standing up against empathy, and Black goes NUTS, decrying the notion, and righteously so, that only a crazy person could possibly take the most positive word in the English language and compare it to Hitler. That's how I feel about McConnell standing up to the idea of protecting American Consumers from predator Wall Street banks, it's as batshit crazy as calling empathy Hitler.
And that brings me back to my New Rule. You're not allowed to sell your countrymen out to multinational financial corporations anymore and still call yourself a patriot. I found it ironic, as I marched in solidarity with 99% of America against Goldman Sachs yesterday, who, as you may remember, was the recipient of taxpayer funded corporate welfare and the recent employer of consecutive Secretaries of the Treasury Department, well, during all that while I marched for justice within walking distance of ground zero I realized that there is a man from a state that isn't even on al Qaeda's target list, let alone Sarah Palin's, who honestly thinks that the greatest threat to the American economy is protecting the American consumer from Wall Street. Now, I apologize to my friends from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, but you guys rank right behind New York City, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, Chicago, Atlanta, San Francisco, Miami, Boston, Philadelphia, Seattle, San Diego, Dallas, Houston, Austin, New Orleans, Denver, St. Louis, Hawaii, Mount Rushmore, NORAD, The Statue of Liberty, The Grand Canyon and Snooki on the list of top priority targets for terrorism, so I'm tired of hearing you freakout every time you hear the word Muslim or see a somewhat browner person than you that you can't differentiate from all the other brown people you are potentially terrified of. Today Goldman Sachs was up to their old schtick, lying to consumers. On Friday Goldman Sachs was dumping all of their shares of European bank stocks while at the same time encouraging investors to buy European bank stocks. The general MSCI Euro financial sector, or EUFN, is down 6% today. Coincidence? But do Fox News viewers know that? Hell no! Knowing things is for elitist libruals what with their booklearnings and such. (Hat tip to Zerohedge.com)
Let's put it like this, if some country screwed over America the way Goldman Sachs did, you can rest assured that Republicans would be demanding that we bomb the shit out of them and then invade them for their natural resources.
With that being said, if you think that terrorism in all its' potential forms is such a real and present danger that we must restrict our own civil liberties, torture people and finance ever increasing military budgets for over a decade in order to protect the American people, but you also think that protecting the American consumer is off the table, I will tell you this, you're not allowed to sell your countrymen out to multinational corporations any more than you are allowed to sell your countrymen out to multinational spies or foreign armies, and if Bloomberg thinks he has the 7th largest army in the world I know one Army that doesn't fight for the USA who is bigger and better financed than Bloomberg's NYPD, and that is the army of well funded lobbyists who descend upon our nation's capitol every single day, but I digress, because guys like Mike Bloomberg own that Army too.
Billionaires and their special interests own Senator Mitch McConnell as well, along with the entire Senate GOP and enough corrupt Dems to make up the difference. McConnell flat out admitted that Wall Street must be allowed to screw over the American consumer in order to make the record profits they are currently pulling in. Why isn't selling out your countrymen to foreign financiers on a par with Benedict Arnold who once sold out his own countrymen to another foreign interest? The way I see it, you're not allowed to sell your countrymen out to multinational financial corporations anymore and still call yourself a patriot, and I'll be damned if my allegiance to this great nation and my countrymen is ever questioned again by the gaggle of mercenary rogues who would sell out our soldiers returning from the war in Iraq that they lied us into.
When I go back to D.C. later this week I will be sure to pay Senator McConnell's office a visit. A refusal to protect the American consumer is a refusal to protect America. I refuse to have my patriotism questioned by people who would sell out their own countrymen on the basis of ideological purity to an Ayn Rand piece of fiction.
Because when it comes down to it, Mitch McConnell is too bust helping the banks exploit American consumers to actually protect America. Imagine Mitch McConnell as something like Benedict Arnold if King George was a CEO for a too big to fail bank.
Rant off/
Peace and love to all,
You can follow on me Twitter at @JesseLaGreca
It took a while, but MOOCs for learning languages are finally here! You can now learn Spanish, English, Italian, Chinese, Korean, and other languages from MOOCs.
There are many language learning apps out there, but MOOCs can do one thing that these apps aren't doing or can't do — MOOCs can teach you about the culture of the parent country.
To get a sense of what I'm talking about, take a look at the intro video for edX's Mandarin Chinese for Business course.
Mandarin Chinese for Business
Class Central has created a collection of 30+ such MOOCs that teach over 7 different languages.
We particularly recommend edX's Tsinghua Chinese: Start Talking with 1.3 Billion People and FutureLearn's Introduction to Dutch. Both these courses are highly rated and are part of Class Central's Top 50 MOOCs of all time.
The Language Learning Collection will be updated regularly as new courses become available, so bookmark this page for future reference.
Better yet, you can also Follow the Language Learning Collection on its special collection page (look for the “follow” button just below the title). Followers will receive a notification whenever we update the collection.
To Learn a Language collection page. Use the Follow button to be notified when the list is updated.
Index
Click on a language below to see all MOOCs that teach that particular language.
1. Chinese
2. Italian
3. Spanish
4. English
5. Dutch
6. Korean
7. Frisian
Chinese
Learn Mandarin Chinese: Start Talking with 1.3 Billion People
Tsinghua Chinese: Start Talking with 1.3 Billion People
Tsinghua University via edX
This introductory Chinese language course will emphasize basic language skills for everyday life in Mandarin speaking countries.
Bookmark | ★★★★★ (19 ratings) | Self paced
Mandarin Chinese for Business
MandarinX via edX
Learn common Mandarin Chinese business phrases and understand Chinese culture so you can communicate professionally in the largest market in the world.
Bookmark | Self paced
Chinese for Beginners
Peking University via Coursera
This is an ABC Chinese course for beginners, including introduction of phonetics and daily expressions. After taking this class, learners can have a basic understanding of Chinese Mandarin and make basic conversations of daily living.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (15 ratings) | 20th Feb, 2019
More Chinese for Beginners
Peking University via Coursera
Learners will expand vocabularies about personal information, daily life, food and drink, healthy, and expressions about greeting, suggestion, agreement, comparison, complaint, prohibition, experience, plan, recommendation, etc.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (1 rating) | 25th Feb, 2019
Italian
Introduction to Italian
Università per Stranieri di Siena via FutureLearn
Learn basic Italian and explore Italian culture, with this free online Italian course.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (2 ratings) | 7th Jan, 2019
Italian1x: Italian Language and Culture: Beginner
Wellesley College via edX
Learn the basics of the Italian language and culture through videos, podcasts, interviews, and much more.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (2 ratings) | Self paced
Italian2x: Italian Language and Culture: Intermediate
Wellesley College via edX
Improve your Italian language skills and expand your vocabulary while you learn about Italian art, literature and contemporary society.
Bookmark | Self paced
Italian3x: Italian Language and Culture: Advanced
Wellesley College via edX
Enhance your knowledge of the Italian language and learn about Italy's culture and history including theater, opera and the poet Dante.
Bookmark | Self paced
Italian for Beginners 1: Meeting, Greeting and Eating
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to order food and drink, greet people, and introduce yourself, in this first Italian for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 13th May, 2019
Italian for Beginners 2: My Friends and Family
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to introduce people, exchange information about them and talk about your family.
Bookmark | 17th Jun, 2019
Italian for Beginners 3: My Daily Life
The Open University via FutureLearn
In the third Italian for Beginners course, learn how to talk about your daily life and your leisure activities.
Bookmark | 22nd Jul, 2019
Italian for Beginners 4: Likes And Dislikes
The Open University via FutureLearn
In the fourth Italian for Beginners course, learn to talk about your likes, dislikes and preferences.
Bookmark | 9th Sep, 2019
Italian for Beginners 5: Time To Travel
The Open University via FutureLearn
In the fifth Italian for Beginners course, learn to ask for information on trains and buy train tickets.
Bookmark | 14th Oct, 2019
Italian for Beginners 6: Out And About
The Open University via FutureLearn
In this sixth Italian for Beginners course, learn to book holiday accommodation and order a meal.
Bookmark | 18th Mar, 2019
Spanish
ASLCx: AP® Spanish Language and Culture
St. Margaret's Episcopal School via edX
Perfect your Spanish speaking and writing skills while learning about the cultural aspects of the Spanish-speaking world to prepare for the AP* Spanish Language and Culture exam.
Bookmark | ★★☆☆☆ (2 ratings) | Self paced
Spanish for Beginners 1: Meeting and Greeting
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to greet people, and talk about where you live and what you do in the first of six Spanish for Beginners courses.
Bookmark | 13th May, 2019
Spanish for Beginners 2: People and Places
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to describe people and what they wear, and talk about your family and home in the second Spanish for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 17th Jun, 2019
Spanish for Beginners 3: My Life
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn to talk about daily life, what you do during the day and when things happen in the third Spanish for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 22nd Jul, 2019
Spanish for Beginners 4: Leisure Time
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to talk about your hobbies and free time, and your likes and dislikes in the fourth Spanish for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 9th Sep, 2019
Spanish for Beginners 5: Getting Things Done
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to make phone calls, book accommodation, shop for food and get things done in the fifth Spanish for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 14th Oct, 2019
Spanish for Beginners 6: Out and About
The Open University via FutureLearn
Learn how to ask for directions, shop for clothes, and order food and drinks in the sixth Spanish for Beginners course.
Bookmark | 18th Mar, 2019
Spanish for Beginners — iversity
Spanish for Beginners
Universidad a Distancia de Madrid via iversity
Want to speak Spanish? This course will teach you Spanish with video sequences that use real situations in a variety of contexts. Learn the basics for understanding and communicating in both a practical and fun way.
Bookmark | ★★☆☆☆ (3 ratings) | Self paced
Learn Spanish: Basic Spanish for English Speakers
Universitat Politècnica de València via edX
Learn Spanish and explore Spanish culture in this introductory language course, designed for English speakers.
Bookmark | ★★☆☆☆ (4 ratings) | Self paced
English
Conversational English Skills
Tsinghua University via edX
Learn how to effectively communicate in English and improve your conversational language skills.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (9 ratings) | Self paced
English for Doing Business in Asia – Speaking
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology via edX
Introducing strategies for developing your spoken English communication skills in the context of doing business in Asia
Bookmark | ★★★★★ (1 rating) | Self paced
Exploring English: Language and Culture
British Council via FutureLearn
This course for learners of English looks at British culture and examines English in use to help you improve your language skills.
Bookmark | ★★★★☆ (13 ratings) | 26th Nov, 2018
Inglés Empresarial: Gestión y Liderazgo
Arizona State University via Coursera
Are you a business executive or a manager who uses English in your career? Then you know that good business communication in English requires focus, vocabulary, and specific linguistic structures. In this course, you will follow along a recently promoted manager as she builds and leads her team to success.
Bookmark | 18th Feb, 2019
Inglés Empresarial: Finanzas y Economía
Arizona State University via Coursera
Do you work in finance or interact with finance professionals? Is it necessary to speak, write or understand English in your career? Follow the authentic characters in this course as they work through common business situations in finance and economics.
Bookmark | 25th Feb, 2019
Inglés Empresarial: el márketing y ventas
Arizona State University via Coursera
If you work in marketing, sales, or advertising, you already know that effective communication is a requirement. This can be even more difficult when expressing your ideas in a persuasive manner in English. In this course, you will learn to use English more efficiently while joining successful global professionals around the world
Bookmark | 4th Mar, 2019
Dutch
Introduction to Dutch — FutureLearn
Introduction to Dutch
University of Groningen via FutureLearn
Learn to speak, write and understand basic Dutch, with this free, three-week, introductory foreign language course.
Bookmark | ★★★★★ (21 ratings) | 25th Feb, 2019
Korean
First Step Korean
Yonsei University via Coursera
This is an elementary-level Korean language course, consisting of 5 lessons with 4 units, and covers 4 skills: reading, writing, listening and speaking.
Bookmark | ★★☆☆☆ (1 rating) | 4th Mar, 2019
Learn to Speak Korean 1
Yonsei University via Coursera
This course is for beginner students who are familiar with the Korean alphabet, Hangeul. Through this course students will learn the skills essential for daily interactions with Koreans while living in Korea.
Bookmark | 18th Feb, 2019
Frisian
Introduction to Frisian
University of Groningen via FutureLearn
Learn to speak, write and understand the second official language of the Netherlands with this free introductory language course.
Bookmark | 4th Mar, 2019
It's very simple.
It's Turing complete.
It's easy to read and write.
It's semantics are strong enough that we can do reasoning from it. It's got a good solid model. It's easy to create variants to explore the properties of various alternative ways of structuring computations or semantics.
Lambda Calculus Syntax
(1) Function definition: a function in lambda calculus is an expression, written:
lambda x . body
which means "a function with one parameter named X, which returns the result of evaluating the body". We say that the lambda expression binds the parameter.
which means "a function with one parameter named X, which returns the result of evaluating the body". We say that the lambda expression binds the parameter. (2) Identifier reference: an identifier reference is a name which matches the name of a parameter defined in a function expression enclosing the reference.
(3) Function application: applying a function is written by putting the function value in front of its parameter, as in " (lambda x . plus x x) y ".
Currying
lambda x y . plus x y
lambda x.(lambda y. plus x y)
Free vs Bound Identifiers
lambda x . plus x y : in this expression, "y" and "plus" are free, because they're not the parameter of any enclosing lambda expression; x is bound because it's a parameter of the function definition enclosing the expression "plus x y" where it's referenced.
lambda x y.y x : in this expression both x and y are bound, because they are parameters of the function definition.
lambda y . (lambda x . plus x y) : In the inner lambda, " lambda x . plus x y ", y and plus are free and x is bound. In the full expression, both x and y are bound: x is bound by the inner lambda, and y is bound by the other lambda. "plus" is still free.
Lambda Calculus Evaluation Rules
Alpha Conversion
lambda x . if (= x 0) then 1 else x^2
lambda y . if (= y 0) then 1 else y^2
Beta Reduction
(lambda x . x + 1) 3
lambda y . (lambda x . x + y)) q
lambda x. x+q
(lambda x y. x y) (lambda z . z * z) 3
lambda z . z * z
(lambda z . z * z) 3
lambda x . B e = B[x := e] if free(e) subset free(B[x := e]
lambda z . lambda x . x+z)
(lambda z . (lambda x . x + z)) (x + 2)
lambda x . x + x + 2
lambda x . x + x + 2) 3
lambda z . (lambda y . y+z)) (x + 2)
lambda y . y + x + 2) 3
3 + x + 2
optionally
Despite a lifetime's experience riding motorcycles and servicing helicopters - putting the two together has been a major learning curve for Cambridge man Chris Minnee.
Minnee trained as an aircraft engineer in the mid 1970s and now owns Rotor Craft, a Hamilton Airport-based helicopter maintenance business.
A keen motorcyclist for 45 years he has ridden a variety of makes from Suzuki and Triumphs to Hondas.
However, building the turbine bike is his first effort at a ground-up custom fabrication.
The frame owes its more cultured bits to a late-model Triumph Rocket 3, which was imported from the US by Tauranga enthusiasts who then blew the engine.
Bought by Minnee "as-is", the frame was cut in half and extended by 200mm.
The rear swing arm was raised by 60mm and the tank enlarged to hold about 40 litres - enough for an hour's running.
The power-plant is a Rolls-Royce/Allison C20B type used in the Bell Jet Ranger and Hughes 500 helicopters.
Built up by Oceania Aviation in Ardmore, the turbine is rated at 420hp and delivers 583 Newton metres of torque. Geared one to one the bike has a theoretical top speed for 260kmh.
As with turbine-powered helicopters the power-plant takes a few moments to wind up.
The transmission is adapted from a Toyota 4WD and the noise is expected to be significant.
After three years of work Minnee hopes to have the bike in one running piece later this year.
It's rego is on hold and the biggest hurdle will be getting it certified and warranted. The aim is to get it certified as a "low-volume vehicle" similar to other customised vehicles.
"There is a company in the US that will build turbine-powered bikes.
"They are claimed to be the fastest production bikes in the world and they have about 100hp less.
"There's no engine braking and riding it is going to be a big learning curve," he said.
Interest in the buildup of the bike has been widespread and Minnee displayed the unfinished project at the Manukau Classic Motorcycle Show in February.
Minnee's turbine-powered Triumph is set to be the centrepiece at the Waikato Classic Motorcycle Club's annual swap meet and show ‘n' shine in Frankton this Sunday.
EDIT: ~~DJ sona is currently 50% off in the store in PBE. 1900 rp.~~ They have also decided... That they have no idea if this will go on sale or not. Also unknown until release. ~~She will be released some time within the next patch.~~ They changed their minds, it'll be out in a few months and anywhere in between. the date will stay unknown, but until then it will be out on PBE early. I can see why. There are definitely a lot of bugs that would come with something as big and complicated as this skin. There can only be 1 Sona on 1 team, so if you were to play blind picks, there's a chance the enemy team will have a Sona as well with the same skin. Therefore the songs will overlap, and this is why the song is not global to both teams and limited to only yours. This will also confirm that this is as unique as you can get for a skin, so she will be the only one in game to have music tracks of their own. If anybody else DOES end up getting a musical skin concept, they will not come with their own music unless it involves an ability. Song can be muted manually by YOU, and only be changed by the person with the skin, so be sure to make a majority vote on what you'd like to listen to. If you don't get what you like, well.. Too bad. It's their skin. Tracks/skin can be changed by using the command /Toggle and choose or CTRL +5 VO: When you listen to her voice, it has been remixed and been made to fit her track accordingly. The fact you can barely understand her is ON PURPOSE..! Check the vid above. Hope this helps some people. If you have any more questions, post them down below and i may gladly look 'em up to answer it. I said "FEW" Months on purpose. Make sure people don't keep making the same mistake to buy rp and shit so early. The early hype is sly and quick. You'd want it so bad the sec it was heard you'd wouldn't think logically about saving your rp if you got it way too damn early and had to wait the least a full month till release.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Now she had something: Warner Bros., Rowling and the court system all started listening. Before the process, Stouffer repeatedly went to the press, speaking at length about the damning similarities between Harry Potter and her source material, and she had signed contracts, published books, and dated materials to prove it. When it finally came time to reveal her concrete evidence, however, it was ... less than compelling: Larry Potter was the story of a little boy coming to terms with the fact that he has to get glasses. His friend Lilly helps to cheer him up. That was the extent of the "damning evidence" -- the names sounded kind of similar.
Stouffer was not deterred: She argued that because the names were so similar, both boys wore glasses and both had a character named Lilly, Rowling had stolen Stouffer's intellectual property. The problem was that the booklet only had one paragraph where the boy is referred to as Larry Potter (the rest of the time it's just Larry). So Rowling's lawyers did a little digging, and discovered that though the booklet was supposedly written in 1988, the paragraph with the word "Potter" was typed in a different font from the rest of the document -- a font that didn't exist until 1993.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Woops! Bet you wish you had a time-turner right about now, eh, Nancy? OH, NERD SNAP!
MacGuffins: Never leave home without one.
Needless to say, the case was thrown out. But there was a silver lining for Stouffer, in that her works have now finally been published. Much in keeping with her love of altering original content, she's since changed key details of the Larry Potter story, and also expanded the title of her other book, Rah, to The Legend of Rah and the Muggles -- because she's still convinced that you can retroactively have an idea first.
“It smells like a stout.”
I cracked open the bomber of Stone Brewing Company‘s Stochasticity Project Master of Disguise and had The Sister smell it, knowing the secret that lied ahead.
As I poured it, she gave the raised eyebrow. “Wait. How do you make a blonde stout?”
I smiled, as if I had something to do with inventing this beer and was ready to reveal my secret. Apparently, it all comes down to the malt. Stone used amber and pale malts to keep the color light, while the coffee and cocoa provide the familiar stout flavor. Essentially, it's science.
This is a big coffee stout, though you get a bittersweet chocolate flavor through the middle. My problem is that the chocolate flavor was less TCHO or Scharffen Berger and more Hershey's Special Dark; good enough but I have come to expect higher quality. That said, you would miss the chocolate if you were not looking for it or paying attention.
So, what of this blonde stout? You expect stouts to be big, dark, blacker than a high school science teacher's soul. Coffee dominates from nose to throat, but the color tricks your brain into thinking lager or IPA. Credit Stone for being innovative and taking chances. The Master of Disguise earns its name and, with a little tightening of its game, would be a worthy beer to keep on rotation for the brewery.
Brewer: Stone Brewing Company
Beer: Master of Disguise (Stochasticity Project)
Style: Stout
ABV: 9.7% IBU: 55
Container: 22 oz. bottle
Price: $7.99 Point of Purchase: Ithaca Coffee Company, Ithaca, N.Y.
To The Eye: Golden. A little hazy, but golden. Good carbonation and a strong head when poured hard.
To The Nose: Coffee. Lots of coffee. I couldn't find the chocolate in the aroma, as others have because the coffee dominates.
To The Palate: Coffee up front. It gives way in the middle to bitter, dark chocolate, before finishing with coffee.
Aftertaste: Coffee with a little bit of dark chocolate.
Boozy Factor: It's not in your face. The 9.7% ABV is very deceptive.
On a Scale of 1 to 10, with 10 as highest: 8
Bush set to veto bipartisan health insurance bill RAW STORY
Published: Wednesday December 12, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This President Bush on Wednesday was ready to veto legislation that passed with bipartisan support to dramatically expand government-provided health insurance for children. It would be Bush's seventh veto in seven years. Bush vetoed an earlier version of the health insurance program. The bill passed the Democratic-controlled Senate by a veto-proof margin, but the same was not true in the House. Even after the bill was approved, negotiations continued on a compromise version. A major point of contention with the White House was Bush's demand that nearly all poor children eligible for the program be found and enrolled before those in slightly higher-income families could be covered. Bush also has opposed using an increased tobacco tax to fund the program expansion. The bill includes a 61-cent rise on a package of cigarettes. The replacement measure was designed to meet Republican objections to the first bill. But it was little changed. It would increase funding for the State Children's Health Insurance Program by $35 billion over five years, in order to add an estimated 4 million people to an existing program that provides insurance coverage for children from families who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but cannot afford private insurance. The joint federal-state program currently provides benefits to roughly 6 million people, mostly children. Bush's veto in early October of a similar bill was narrowly upheld by the House. But the votes are uncomfortable for GOP lawmakers. It is a popular program with the public, making some Republicans wary of sticking with Bush on such an issue with the 2008 elections looming. Of the 43 million people nationwide who lack health insurance, more than 6 million are under 18 years old. That's more than 9 percent of all children. Democratic leaders have tried to capitalize on this dynamic to win more Republicans to their side on the bill, but so far Bush has maintained a veto-proof majority, at least in the House. A two-thirds vote in both chambers is required to override a presidential veto. (with wire reports) Developing...
Are you feeling stuck in your practice? Did meditation lead to big, positive life changes early on, but now years later you're just sort of treading water with no sense of making progress? Mindfulness meditation is an extremely helpful and useful practice, but that doesn't mean that it's perfect, or that it has no pitfalls. In fact, it's not uncommon for long-term mindfulness practitioners to get stuck in a particularly pernicious dead end, which is called the observer trap. Here's what it is and how to free yourself from this cul-de-sac.
The Last Stand
Many traditions—especially mindfulness meditation—encourage you to observe your sensory experience in a neutral manner. Observe your breathing, observe emotions, observe thoughts, and so on, without reacting to them. This observer technique works really well because it gives you something like an outside perspective on your own experience. You can watch your own mind, your reactions, your emotions, your behavior almost from the perspective of another person, and that is tremendously useful feedback to have. It leads to equanimity, and the tremendous personal growth that mindfulness advocates are always talking about.
Taking this observer stance is so useful, in fact, that many teachers stop there and do not talk about the next important step in spiritual development. But there is a hidden problem with the observer technique, which becomes obvious once you think about it. Who is the observer? Who is this person who is behind the binoculars, watching your experience from the outside? This neutral observer you've created over time is actually just another—albeit smaller and less neurotic—version of the ego. It's the sense of being a person who is doing the meditating. You could also call it a meditator ego or an observer ego. Creating this neutral observer is very useful, but the goal of meditation is not to create a new meditator ego, it's to see through the illusion of the ego entirely.
It is quite common for even very dedicated students in observation-based traditions to get stuck in observer mode forever. I have seen it over and over in my experience. Being the observer, a neutral meditator ego, is not such a bad place to be; certainly it is much preferable to the unconscious, robotic mode of life lived without any self-reflection. However, it impedes all deeper progress toward real awakening. So the only way forward is to let go of the observer ego; to release the sense of being a person who is doing a meditation.
For example, spiritual philosopher Ken Wilber tells the story of his first awakening. It happened at a Zen retreat, in which he was in a deep state of observing his own experience. The Zen master said to him, “The [observer] is the last stand of the ego.” Wilber says that “something snapped” inside him then, and he was plunged into a deep state of awakening. He had let go of the observer ego, of being a meditator, and instead had become the activity of meditation itself. His story is not so unusual on the path of awakening. It can happen in many ways.
Observe the observer
To release yourself from the observer trap, begin by realizing that the observer, however comfortable or habitual, is still just another version of the ego. You've spent endless hours watching your breath and your emotions and your thoughts. Now it's time to watch the watcher instead. You have to observer the observer. You do this, in typical mindfulness style, by carefully deconstructing the components of the observer itself.
The observer ego is constructed out of the same components as the everyday ego, but on a smaller scale. The everyday mind has thoughts about all sorts of stuff, the observer has thoughts about how the mediation is going, or how long until this sit is over. The everyday ego has emotions about all sorts of stuff, but observer has emotions about how this sit is going, or even blissful feelings of love and joy. The everyday ego has all sorts of body sensations, but the observer has a very special set of body sensations: the sensations of where he/she imagines awareness is located.
This last hint takes a bit of unpacking, because it is somewhat subtle. Most people imagine that awareness is centered in a spot in their head, usually somewhere around the eyes. This is a natural illusion, given that your eyes, ears, tongue, and nose are all located in your head. But if you, for example, feel your foot right now, you will probably imagine that you are somehow feeling it from your head. It's as if a light of awareness is projecting down towards your foot. In reality, you have nerves in your foot that allow you to feel it right from your foot. (Of course, these sensations are processed in the brain, which is located in your head, but that's beside the point—you are never aware of that level of brain hardware.) So it is with the observer ego. It will feel as if it's somehow located in your head and observing from that point. But that is nothing more than an arbitrary set of physical sensations (probably located around the eyes) that you've decided is where awareness is located. Those sensations are also part of the observer ego.
So to overcome the observer problem and get unstuck in your practice, closely observe the sensations (i.e. the thoughts and feelings) associated with the observer ego. This may be very uncomfortable at first, but this is where your many years of practicing neutral observation come to your aid. Here are some hints about how to do this:
Observe any thoughts you have about the meditation itself. For example: “I'm having a good meditation.” “I'm doing the technique wrong.” “I wish my concentration was deeper.” “I hope lunch comes soon.” and so on.
Notice any emotions you have about the meditation itself. For example: frustration about how the meditation is going, joy at experiencing a deep meditation, panic about how long the sit may last, and so on.
Observe any sensations you have about where awareness seems to be located. Do you feel it's centered in your head? Behind your eyes? Notice whatever body sensations you associate with the observer. Watch these very carefully.
In general, notice any sense that you are making an effort to meditate at all. Wherever this effort appears to be coming from, notice that. Let the meditation be an effortless experience, not an effortful doing.
Freedom
If you observe the observer ego carefully in this way, over time, it will deconstruct in just the same way your big, clumsy, everyday ego did early on in your practice. This deconstruction is different, however. With this unfolding comes deep, lasting awakening.
You might think that you're just creating another ego which you'll just have to deconstruct again, but it doesn't quite work that way. Once you've learned how to undercut the sense of being the meditator, you won't believe or take for granted any new ones that arise. You will know that all sensations of a permanent location for awareness are false. You will know that all thoughts and feelings, even ones about meditation, are just content arising in awareness.
If you are caught in the observer trap, this one technique can take your practice from a rote, mechanical stuckness to a profoundly alive and vital experience very quickly. Even if you have spent years of meditative drudgery without seeming progress, this can free you from your fetters. And that, after all, is the point.
This article was first published in December of 2014
Cornea cells 'successfully' grown and implanted to cure blindness
Posted
Melbourne researchers say they have successfully grown and implanted cornea cells to cure blindness.
The cells were grown on a layer of synthetic film and transplanted into the eyes of animals, restoring vision.
Researchers are now preparing for human trials.
The technique, developed by researchers at Melbourne University and the Centre for Eye Research, could replace transplants of donated cornea.
The cornea is a transparent layer at the front of the eye. A layer of cells on its inner surface keeps it moist by "pumping" water out of it.
Trauma, disease and aging can reduce the number of these cells leading to deterioration and blindness.
Research scientist Berkay Ozcelik said it was an important breakthrough.
"We believe that our new treatment is better than a donated cornea and we eventually hope to use the patient's own cells, reducing the risk of rejection," he said.
About a third of transplants fail because of rejection.
Victor Fortemann has had two failed cornea transplants and now needs another.
"I think that would be tremendous because the need for steroids to keep the graft in place would fall away," he said.
Breakthrough could be used for other health issues
Mr Ozcelik said the synthetic film looks a bit like cling wrap, and can be implanted on the inner surface of a patient's cornea through a very small incision.
The hydrogel film is thinner than a human hair and allows the flow of water between the cornea and the interior of the eye.
It then breaks down and disappears within two months.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: The synthetic film looks a bit like cling wrap (ABC News)
"These materials show minimal inflammation, cause no adverse issues at all and can cause regeneration of tissue, hence allowing us to use this for various applications," Mr Ozcelik said.
"We've actually developed a new class of material using novel chemical methods.
"The film could be used for other tissue engineering such as skin."
Ophthalmic surgeon Mark Daniel said tissue engineering was a whole new way of thinking about fixing human problems.
"This way of using patients own cells, amplifying them outside the body and replacing them is a very exciting new area," he said.
The Centre for Eye research is now looking for venture capital to set up the human trials.
If successful the film could be used to generate cornea cells for patients in China and Japan where donated tissue is not favoured.
Topics: medical-research, research, science-and-technology, health, melbourne-3000
Dozens of US stealth jets land as drills begin with South Korea
Dozens of US stealth jets land as drills begin with South Korea
The joint drills are to strengthen the allies preparedness, South Korea said
Hundreds of aircraft including two dozen stealth jets have landed in South Korea as the US begins joint military drills.
The two allies have begun their largest ever co-operative air exercise - dubbed Vigilant Ace - with 230 aircraft, including 24 stealth fighter jets.
North Korea warned the trial represented an "open, all-out provocation".
It is scheduled to last five days and comes less than a week after the rogue state's latest intercontinental ballistic missile test, which Pyongyang claimed was capable of hitting the US mainland.
Image: North Korea test-launched its Hwasong-15 missile last week
Vigilant Ace is meant to improve the allies' wartime capabilities and preparedness, South Korea's defence ministry said.
The US Seventh Air Force has sent six F-22 and 18 F-35 stealth fighter jets among hundreds of other aircraft. About 12,000 military personnel are taking part.
In an editorial on Sunday, North Korea's Rodong newspaper said the US-South Korea drill "may lead to a nuclear war at any moment".
Image: The warning came after Kim Jong-un visited a factory to thank workers for their contribution to the missile test
The piece - which came shortly after leader Kim Jong-un visited a military tyre factory - added: "The US and South Korean puppet warmongers would be well advised to bear in mind that their DPRK-targeted military drill will be as foolish as an act precipitating their self-destruction."
Mr Kim's factory trip saw him thank workers who had built the tyres for the huge vehicle used to transport the tested Hwasong-15 missile last week, which had prompted a public rally and fireworks in Pyongyang as the country continued to flout international sanctions.
North Korea has been eligible for even harsher sanctions since US President Donald Trump declared it a designated state sponsor of terrorism last month, and White House national security adviser HR McMaster has admitted the newspaper editorial's warning of war was credible.
At a forum on Saturday, he said: "I think it's increasing every day, which means that we are in a race to be able to solve this problem.
"There are ways to address this problem short of armed conflict, but it is a race because he's getting closer and closer, and there's not much time left."
New video of Kim at latest missile launch
Meanwhile, the US agency tasked with protecting America from missile attacks is reportedly scouting the West Coast for places to deploy new anti-missile defences.
Two congressmen have claimed the defences would likely include Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-ballistic missiles, similar to those deployed in South Korea to protect against a potential North Korean attack.
The national tracking polls on Friday showed some improvement for President Obama. He made gains in the surveys published by Rasmussen Reports, Investors' Business Daily, Gallup and Public Policy Polling, while losing ground only in the online survey published by the RAND Corporation.
Both the favorable trend toward Mr. Obama in the Gallup poll and the unfavorable one for him in the RAND poll might be regarded as examples of reversion to the mean, since both polls had been outliers relative to the consensus.
Still, it was among the better days of national polling for Mr. Obama since the Denver debate. On average between the six daily tracking polls and two other national surveys that were published on Friday, Mr. Obama held a nominal lead over Mitt Romney of one-half a percentage point. The median, which reduces the weight given to potential outliers, had Mr. Obama up by 1.4 percentage points instead.
These figures are quite consistent with the FiveThirtyEight “now-cast,” which calculates the current standing in the national popular vote based on all national and state polls. That method estimates that Mr. Obama would win the national popular vote by 0.8 of a percentage point in an election held today.
It was Mr. Romney, however, who made an overall gain in the FiveThirtyEight forecast on Friday. His chances of winning the Electoral College ticked up to 32.1 percent, from 29.6 percent on Thursday.
Part of the reason is the sharp decline in the stock market on Friday, a component of the FiveThirtyEight economic index. The economic index receives fairly little overall weight in the forecast at this late point in the election, but a sharp move in one of its components can still move the numbers some.
The more important factor, however, is that Mr. Romney had a fairly strong day in state-by-state surveys.
Mr. Romney led in 7 of the 12 polls from battleground states that we added to our database on Friday.
Furthermore, he made clear gains relative to the previous edition of the same survey in several of the polls, which in most cases predated the Denver debate, improving his standing by 4.4 percentage points on average in polls that provided for a comparison. Especially on days with a heavy volume of state polling, they tend to predominate in the FiveThirtyEight forecast.
Thus, just as in Thursday's forecast, when Mr. Obama's standing improved because of strong state polls despite middling national polls, the opposite was true for Mr. Romney on Friday.
If you look at the table above, however, you may notice a more specific theme in the state polls. We added four Florida polls to the database on Friday, and Mr. Romney led in all of them, by margins ranging from one to five percentage points.
The FiveThirtyEight forecast does not yet account for a fifth Florida poll, from SurveyUSA, which gave Mr. Obama a one-point lead there but was published overnight after we ran the forecast.
Still, Florida has been polled so densely that the overall trend has become clear: Mr. Romney has made larger-than-average gains in the state since the Denver debate, and has now become a definitive favorite there.
According to the FiveThirtyEight “now-cast” on Friday, Mr. Romney would be a 78 percent favorite to win Florida in an election held today. Projecting forward to Nov. 6 introduces a bit more uncertainty, but he's now a 69 percent favorite to carry the state on Election Day, according to the model.
Mr. Romney's gains in Florida call into question how vigorously the campaigns should be contesting it over the final two weeks of the campaign. Mr. Romney might consider relaxing his efforts there, while Mr. Obama's campaign might consider de-emphasizing the state.
Based on the FiveThirtyEight tipping-point index, Florida is now only the ninth-most-important state in the Electoral College math. There is only about a 2 percent chance that the decisive Electoral College vote will be cast in that state on Nov. 6.
This represents a significant decline: Florida had ranked as high as second on the tipping-point list at earlier stages of the race.
Why is the forecast model so willing to dismiss Florida? It reflects a combination of Mr. Obama's recent weakness in the polls there — and his comparative strength elsewhere.
Mr. Obama remains the overall favorite in the FiveThirtyEight forecast because he leads by at least 1.8 percentage points in states with enough electoral votes for him to carry 277. The closest of these are Wisconsin, Ohio, Nevada and Iowa.
Mr. Obama could afford to lose either Nevada or Iowa from his column, which would still leave him with 271 electoral votes — just enough to win.
He could not afford to lose both Iowa and Nevada without adding other states to replace them. Nor could he afford to lose Wisconsin or Ohio. It's still too soon — and there is still too much intrinsic uncertainty in the polling — to reduce the election down to these four states only.
Mr. Obama's next-best state is New Hampshire, where the forecast shows him with a tiny although much diminished advantage. Because New Hampshire has only four electoral votes, however, it comes into play only under relatively specific conditions. Were Mr. Obama to lose Wisconsin, for instance, while winning Ohio, Iowa and Nevada, also winning New Hampshire would give him 271 electoral votes. (In some other plausible scenarios, winning New Hampshire would only give Mr. Obama a 269-269 tie, which would probably go for Mr. Romney in the House of Representatives.)
Two other states, Colorado and Virginia, were virtually tied in the FiveThirtyEight forecast as of Friday. These provide Mr. Obama with some additional flexibility, since Colorado contains 9 electoral votes and Virginia 13. If he carried both states, for example, along with Iowa and Nevada, Mr. Obama could afford to lose Ohio, Wisconsin and New Hampshire and would still win the Electoral College.
There are no guarantees, obviously, in any of these states. But between the states in which Mr. Obama appears to hold a lead now (Ohio, Wisconsin, Iowa and Nevada) — themselves sufficient to provide him with a winning electoral map — and the three others (New Hampshire, Colorado and Virginia) that are roughly tied but could serve as backup plans for him, his electoral strategy remains reasonably robust.
The potential benefit of winning Florida is that it would allow Mr. Obama to circumvent the need to thread the needle quite so tightly. Ohio, for instance, is not quite a must-win state for Mr. Romney, in view of the forecast model. (Winning without Ohio would be difficult but not impossible for Mr. Romney; the same is true for Mr. Obama.) But Florida, with its 29 electoral votes, is very much a must-win for Mr. Romney.
If winning Florida represents a high-upside case for Mr. Obama, however, it also comes at considerable expense.
Florida, because of its large population, is an expensive state to advertise in. And it is a state that probably does require a considerable advertising expenditure. Florida's population is large, but not especially dense, spread out in a number of exurban and suburban communities throughout the state. It's easier to reach voters through the airwaves there than by knocking on doors or appearing at campaign rallies.
Finally, Florida is a state in which Mr. Obama has always been swimming upstream, since it is traditionally a bit Republican-leaning and since its economy remains weaker than those of the battleground states of the Midwest. The “state fundamentals” calculation that the FiveThirtyEight forecast considers along with the polls, which projects result based on each state's past voting history, demographics, economic conditions and fund-raising totals there, estimates that the most natural result would be a win for Mr. Romney by three percentage points.
Florida also has a history of fairly accurate polling; it is not a state, like New Hampshire or Nevada, that is known for producing Election Day surprises.
All of this should call into question whether Florida represents a wise use of resources for Mr. Obama.
The same is partially true for Mr. Romney, although the situation is not quite symmetrical. If Mr. Romney were to disarm there first, while Mr. Obama's campaign continued to contest the state, Mr. Obama might improve the numbers enough to bring it closer to the national averages and improve the state's ranking on the tipping-point list. If the reverse were true — and Mr. Romney kept pouring resources into the state while Mr. Obama did not — it would presumably go from somewhat Republican-leaning to being even more strongly in Mr. Romney's column, but would not pass through the electoral tipping point.
Still, if the recent polls and the FiveThirtyEight forecast are right, Mr. Obama's efforts to compete in Florida mostly serve the function of a bluff. They might be enough to prevent Mr. Romney from taking the state for granted, but that doesn't necessarily mean that Florida will be central to the electoral math on Nov. 6.
There is an interesting counterpart to Florida in the form of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is another state in which Mr. Romney seems to have made above-average gains since the Denver debate. Still, the FiveThirtyEight forecast, and the consensus of polls in the state, put Mr. Obama about four points ahead there. Mr. Obama is more likely to win Florida than Mr. Romney is to win Pennsylvania.
And yet, Pennsylvania now ranks ahead of Florida on the FiveThirtyEight tipping-point list. It has a 6 percent chance of providing the decisive electoral vote, according to the model, against just a 2 percent chance for Florida.
Pennsylvania is close to being a must-win state for Mr. Obama, as Florida is for Mr. Romney. If Mr. Obama lost it, then even winning a number of other states — including, for example, Ohio, Virginia, Wisconsin, Nevada and New Hampshire, as in the map below — might not suffice to give him a winning path. (This particular combination of states would result in a 270-268 Electoral College win for Mr. Romney, for example.)
The reason that the forecast model views Pennsylvania as being more important than Florida is slightly more subtle than this, however.
Both states offer high upside for the candidates. But Mr. Romney has more incentive to pursue the high-risk path in Pennsylvania because his alternatives are worse, meaning that his opportunity costs are lower.
Mr. Romney certainly doesn't need Pennsylvania to win the election, but going for broke there is arguably a better strategy for him than having to pick off four or five states where they are now tied or where Mr. Obama holds a small lead.
Mr. Obama, conversely, just needs to hold his ground in those same states. Trying to pull Florida back into his column would represent a heavier lift — and probably an inferior strategy given the recent polls there.
In a year-end interview with the CBC, the Prime Minister was asked whether he has proposed any kind of continental oil-and-gas policy to the United States. And, with that, Stephen Harper ends up praising Alberta's carbon levy (or price, or whatever you want to call it).
SO WHY DON'T WE PROPOSE SOMETHING, THEN? We have proposed something. WHAT HAVE WE PROPOSED? Well, the province of Alberta, excuse me, the province of Alberta itself, already has a, it's one of the few greenhouse-gas regulatory environments in the country. It has one. I think it's a model on which you could, on which you could go broader. THIS IS THE CARBON LEVY? This is the tech fund price carbon levy and the, the, it's not a levy. It's a price and there's a tech fund in which, in which the private sector makes investments. So look, that's what Alberta has done, that's a model that's available, but you know, as I say, we're very open to see progress on this on a continental basis. I've said that repeatedly to our partners in North America and we look forward to working on that.
This is a potentially important moment, as far as this oft-ridiculous discussion is concerned.
This isn't actually a novel thought. Indeed, Harper sounds here to be saying something like what his former environment minister said a year-and-a-half ago.
There hasn't been a great deal of subtlety in talking about carbon pricing. There are those carbon taxes where the revenues go into general revenue and do not guarantee the reduction of a single tonne of greenhouse gases. (But) Alberta has a tech fund wherein their revenues are focused only, and in isolation, on technology to achieve further greenhouse-gas reductions than the emitters in that province are already able to achieve.
That first sentence is still the funniest thing a cabinet minister has said this century.
So what is Alberta's policy? Officially, it is known as the Specified Gas Emitters Regulation. Here is an explainer from last year (when it seemed the Alberta government was preparing to increase the price per tonne of emissions). And here (pdf) is a study authored by University of Alberta professor and Maclean's contributor Andrew Leach. Key to the policy is that companies that exceed their emissions intensity limit can contribute to a technology fund at a rate of $15 per tonne. In 2012, the fund took in $86 million.
The regulation refers to this as a “fund credit: A person responsible may obtain fund credits by contributing money to the Fund.”
Harper seems to want to call that “not a levy” but a “price.” I think I've generally referred to it as a carbon levy, but you can find examples of it being referred to as a carbon tax. Harper apparently wants to call it a carbon price. Marc Jaccard argues it's wrong to call it a tax and refers to it instead as a fine. I asked Andrew Leach how to describe it and he offered the following:
I'd refer to it as a regulation with compliance flexibility. [The} key is, you could have a firm increase in emissions while lowering its annual compliance cost. Usually, that's not possible with a levy.
Of course, the Harper government has spent the past two years trying to demolish any distinction between a cap-and-trade system (what the NDP proposes and what the Conservatives once proposed) and a carbon tax (what Stéphane Dion once proposed and now, how the Conservatives describe what the NDP proposes). And now, Conservatives might have to explain the difference between a carbon levy (or price or fine or credit or compliance flexibility) and what they oppose. (There are differences.)
The Conservative party seems to have once been of the opinion that a price on carbon was a carbon tax. Peter Kent offered a similar sentiment in a 2012 interview. In explaining the government's opposition to cap-and-trade, Peter Kent also focused on the idea that cap-and-trade generated revenue.
It has also been reported that Peter Kent nearly completed a plan that would have increased the price to $30 per tonne under a so-called 30/30 plan.
(In the past year, the Finance minister has accused Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau of wanting to impose a “multi-billion-dollar tax on everything,” but, to my knowledge, Trudeau has only ever spoken of a price on carbon.)
All that said, the New Democrats sent out a statement from Megan Leslie yesterday under the heading, “STATEMENT FROM THE OFFICIAL OPPOSITION ON STEPHEN HARPER'S CARBON TAX.”
In a recent year-end interview, the Prime Minister surprised many by praising Alberta's price on carbon and suggesting that it was a model to build on. Although New Democrats welcome this sudden change of heart from the Prime Minister, we know better than to get our hopes up. The Conservatives' abysmal environmental record is littered with contradictory rhetoric. The Prime Minister and his minions have spent years demonizing the NDP for wanting to put a price on carbon and make polluters pay. They sent out fundraising letters to their members erroneously claiming we wanted to kill jobs and bring the entire Canadian economy to a standstill. Stephen Harper also spent years promising regulations for the oil and gas sector, only to tell me two weeks ago in the House of Commons that it would be “crazy” to do so. Canadians don't want to wait any longer. Quite frankly, we can't wait any longer. We need to reduce our greenhouse-gas emissions to fight against climate change and, in order to do that, we must put a price on carbon. But this will never happen under a Conservative government. Canadians deserve better than broken promises and flip-flops. They deserve a government committed to building an economy for the future, which means ensuring a sustainable environment.
All that said, we're still vaguely in the realm of a real discussion. The Conservatives have imposed regulations (which come with their own costs) on several sectors and are now apparently okay with Alberta's policy on oil and gas. The NDP prefers cap-and-trade. The Liberals have some general interest in a price on carbon.
That sets up a discussion about policy design, potential greenhouse-gas reductions, benefits, costs and what to do with any resulting revenue—and there are very real differences between cap-and-trade, a carbon tax and Alberta's model of regulation and pricing. On the question of revenue, when I asked NDP Leader Tom Mulcair about his party's cap-and-trade proposal two years ago, he said, “There has to be an equivalent amount that goes into environmental purposes,” and, “It has to be concentrated in those provinces, those areas where that money is being generated.”
Mind you, the Prime Minister still hasn't explained why, precisely, we should have to wait for the United States, and what a continental system would look like.
Maybe if we ask nicely, our Andrew Leach will stop by and explain the finer points of all this to us.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 27/1/2014 (1855 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
It was only recently a Manitoba judge said she was so worried about Mowlid Korane Mohamed's anger issues she rebuffed the protests of lawyers and put him on probation conditions in hopes of keeping him in check.
On Monday, however, Winnipeg police said Mohamed, 26, will face murder, attempted murder and other charges in connection with a weekend attack that killed a well-liked city musician and left another young man injured.
Joshua Bentley, 18, was stabbed Friday night in an area not far from the Osborne Bridge. A 20-year-old man was also injured but survived.
Bentley, the other victim and two young women they were with, fled across the east sidewalk of the bridge. Emergency crews ultimately found the men around 11:30 p.m. and rushed each to hospital in critical condition.
Nida Broughton is the Social Market Foundation's Senior Economist
Our level of house-building is chronically low compared to the growth in the number of households. That we have an affordability crisis should come as no surprise. But in recent decades, government after government has been unable to take the action required to ensure enough homes are built, often focusing instead on policies that serve to increase prices more than the number of homes. But things haven't always been this way.
Back to the '70s and '30s
Projections by Government and other organisations show growth of between 230,000 and 280,000 households a year over the next two decades. The SMF's interactive Politics of Housing timeline shows that you'd have to go back to the 1970s to find a time in England's history when house-building was at these levels. Between 1955 and 1975, we built an average of around 280,000 new homes a year. But we're living in very different times now. Back then, local authorities were responsible for around 40 per cent of those new homes. Now, even housing associations and local authorities combined only make up just over 20 per cent of the total builds.
We're more reliant than ever on the private sector to deliver new homes. But to find a time in England's history when private sector building built to the levels we need now, you'd have to go back all the way to the 1930s interwar period – a time of low interest rates and very limited planning restrictions. In 2013 we have the low interest rates, but we also have the 1947 Town and Country Planning Act.
We used to want to “get the houses up”
Given our long-standing housing problem, why have we failed to match the achievements of earlier governments to build enough houses? Given the ability of government to make it happen in the past, it is hard to escape the conclusion that the barriers are primarily political rather than economic.
To answer this question, commissioned by the National Housing Federation, the SMF looked at the history of the politics of housing over the last 100 years, analysing manifestos and academic literature, and conducting interviews with ex-Ministers and policymakers. And from this, it is clear that the politics has changed markedly. We don't talk about housing supply the way we used to. In the 1960s, both the Conservatives and Labour competed on the number of houses they would build if elected, with both parties taking the bidding up from 300,000 to 400,000 and then 500,000 new homes a year by the end of the decade. The 1966 Conservative manifesto promised to make use of “every new method that works to get the houses up and keep the prices down”. This single-minded pursuit of more housing seems a world away from today.
Three shifts that have changed how politicians see housing
We found three important shifts that have altered the political landscape over the last 100 years.
Firstly, it is undeniable that the nature of the housing problem has changed. For much of the early and middle part of the twentieth century, new homes were needed to cope with severe overcrowding and poor quality stock, and to replace homes lost as part of slum clearances. Now, more housing is needed to meet increases in the number of households – and much of this increase is driven by changes in the way we live, with more people living separately where previously they would have lived together. In this way, housing “need” can be seen as subjective and open to challenge.
John Gummer (now Lord Deben), commenting on his time as Secretary of State for the Environment said in an interview:
“Our whole welfare system is based on the Beveridge concept of the family. We don't know how to handle housing demand that is driven by changes in attitudes which challenge this concept, such as divorce for example. In this sense housing is wrapped up in a larger question around welfare provision, around people making decisions which they cannot afford.”
Secondly, there has been an ideological shift in how to provide housing for those who cannot afford market rents – away from investing in building social housing and towards funding through benefits. Whilst this may have some advantages – giving those on low incomes greater choice and flexibility over where to live, it has removed the public sector as a significant builder of homes. The evidence suggests that the private sector has been unable to fill the gap. And housing associations are heavily reliant on welfare payments to pay tenants' rents: a revenue stream that is becoming less secure.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, there has been a major change in the voter base. Homeownership has gone from 23 per cent of households in 1918 to around two-thirds today. Meeting the interests of homeowners – and the aspirations of those who want to get on the housing ladder – does not necessarily coincide with policies to increase housing supply. Surveys show that homeowners are more likely to be anti-development. This creates a dynamic of pressure to constrain supply, with the result that prices go up, and ever more people want to get on the housing ladder as housing becomes not just somewhere to live, but an asset that can be relied on.
Breaking this cycle will mean taking courageous (in the sense that Sir Humphrey might have used it) – and not necessarily popular – action on the part of politicians. There is a window of opportunity that is beginning to open. Home ownership looked unstoppable until the early 2000s. Since then, the proportion of ownership has slightly declined. A growing proportion of young people are less likely to own and benefit from house prices rises, more likely to rent, and as such more likely to be pro-development. If this trend continues, politicians will be forced to address find ways of addressing the concerns and interests of this group – and one way is to build more. But with a majority of homes still owner-occupied, especially among the powerful grey vote, the political choice is a difficult one.
The NHF, which represents England's housing associations, asked the SMF undertake a project exploring housing's past and present relationships with politicians to understand how to engage with them in the future. The purpose was to guide the NHF's thinking around its Towards a Vision project, which considers what housing associations need to do over the next 20 years to adjust to what could be a dramatically different political and operational landscape.
Can you guess what the following have in common?
A stormtrooper cleaning a pool.
Five postal workers hula-hooping outside a Post Office.
A romantic three Michelin star dinner with a puppet.
If you didn't know already, these were just three of the items on a checklist 151 long for the Largest media scavenger hunt that took place late last year.
14,580 participants in 972 teams took part in the latest GISHWHES event, tasked with acting out scenes such as those above amongst other good deeds, and taking pictures/video to prove it.
But what's it all about, and who organises this brilliantly odd, record-breaking competition? We spoke to founder and film/TV actor, Misha Collins to find out more.
GWR: Tell us a little about GISHWHES: what's the idea behind it, how did it come about, and what do you aim to achieve with it?
MISHA: G.I.S.H.W.H.E.S. (The Greatest International Scavenger Hunt The World Has Ever Seen) is a global scavenger hunt played by thousands of people in over 90 countries.
Each team is comprised of 15 people from all over the world. We post a list of items that people need to create or find and then photograph or film. I created GISHWHES for a few reasons.
The primary reason is that I loved the idea of thousands of people from all over the world connecting to create incredible things that would make people think twice about… well, everything.
I also realized it would be a great way to inspire people to do good in the world - which is in line with our non-profit - Random Acts.
Most importantly, I wanted to see what an eight-foot Tyrannosaurus rex made entirely out of sanitary napkins would look like. It's impressive!
GWR: How exactly does this relate to your charitable work, and Random Acts?
MISHA: Random Acts is an organization staffed and managed by wonderful volunteers that see the power in changing the world, one random act of kindness at a time.
By creating certain "kindness" items, GISHWHES has been a great global platform to further goals and help fund Random Acts all over the world.
A bedside puppet show performed for a young hospital patient
GWR: Who comes up with all the to-do items on the list? Is there any special reason why there are 151 of them? How do you decide how many points each should be worth?
MISHA: You mean who are the lucky lunatics? Just me and a couple of other deranged miscreants that are excited about undermining normalcy.
The number of items this year stopped at 151 because our brains stopped at that point.
The way we allot points is very scientific: it involves an 18th century dart board, and a sharpened, petrified piece of asparagus.
GWR: Do you have any particular favourite submissions received?
MISHA: It's too challenging to pick a favorite. It's like asking which is your favorite child if your children were made of jello, kale, skittles and cheese whiz. See what I mean?
That being said, I loved our "couples" item this year - people that have been together for over 60 years sharing their secrets to a lasting relationship. We put a bunch of them on a map - it's pretty moving.
I also liked our "pledges" item. We had almost 100,000 people pledge to do a Random Act of Kindness. I also liked the women posing on classic cars wearing nothing but cheese because, who wouldn't?
GWR: Were there any items on the list that no team submitted an entry for?
MISHA: Only one item was not achieved this year: covering a full-sized commercial blimp entirely with autumn leaves. But some tried… apparently it was a mass/float issue.
Pure physics is the only thing that can stop this crowd… and even that is surpassed sometimes - see last year's 6-foot floating decorated christmas tree on the news.
GWR: GISHWISHES 2011 set the first record in this category, and the 2012 event has broken your own record - is this something you hope to do every year? What else do you have in store for future events?
MISHA: This year we have also submitted to you a record for the most charitable pledges. We received almost 100,000 pledges to carry out acts of kindness!
And yes, we will try to break a new world record every year. Our plan is to make each one more challenging.
Ultimately i think it would be nice to wallpaper the entire interior of my home with Guinness World Record certificates.
GWR: What does it mean to you to hold a Guinness World Records title?
MISHA: Since childhood, when i used to pour over the Guinness World Records book, i've always wanted to grace it's pages.
I never imagined it would be for scavenging or charity, but i'm very happy that the dream has been realized, that I am as able to achieve it with the help thousands of other people by frolicking and making art. (I'm also very happy to have made a world record without having to pogo stick across country.)
GWR: What's your favourite world record, other than your own?
MISHA: The woman with the longest fingernails. Those long, curling fingernails. They boggle my mind.
GWR: You're well known as an actor on the TV series Supernatural, which has just been renewed for a 9th season - what else have you got lined up for the future?
MISHA: In the immediate future, we're about to release in festivals and online a very unique "educational" program I directed and starred in on America's Transportation Security Authority (TSA).
I might never be allowed to board a plane again.
I also have something I've been creating with some leading Swiss opheologists for the last six years that I'm considering releasing to the world.
I'm in discussions with the FDA right now on it.
GWR: Finally, for those who are yet to experience the event, why should people reading this sign up for and take part in GISHWISHES 2013 later this year?
MISHA: It will be the most incredible joyful, exciting, scary and liberating event you will ever partake in.
As a side benefit you'll lose most of your sanity. What's not to like?
Thank you to Misha Collins for answering our questions, and congratulations to team Badwolf, who won a trip to a haunted castle in Scotland for finishing top in GISHWHES 2012!
Still want to know more about GISHWHES?
Here are just 10 of the 151 items on the 2012 list:
Find an object that was manufactured the day and year you were born in the city or town of your birth. Prove it.
Take a picture of a person in a business suit with a leather briefcase jumping into a pile of leaves.
Get your team name and "GISHWHES" on a billboard. Must include commerical-looking graphics, and be on an actual commercial billboard at least 100 square feet in area.
Hug a uniformed veteran.
Take a picture of a man in a chicken suit in the pilot seat of a commercial jet.
Break your own world record.
Hand in coats you've collected from yourt home, friends, and neighbours to a local homeless shelter.
Jog wearing shoes made of real pumpkins, shorts, and headphones down a busy street.
Get an orchestra in a symphony hall with at least 25 instruments to perform "Carry On My Wayward Son".
A picture of you and your loved one kissing - but with at least 11 food items between your liups and those of your loved one.
Aaron Archer, Don Figueroa, Hisashi Yuki… you? It's one of those rare opportunities that every fan dreams of… Hasbro is looking for a Product Designer to join the Transformers team!
In a posting on their wesbsite Hasbro has announced they're looking for a Product Designer, specifically for the Transformers line! The qualifications required are rather specific, and the competition is likely to be fierce, but how could anyone pass on this one?
Hasbro is seeking a Product Designer for its' Transformers product design team. The position is based at Hasbro's headquarters in Pawtucket, RI, and will report directly to the Sr. Design Manager, Transformers. Expectations for the role include a strong focus on toy concept creation and development, excellent technical design skill, organized project management, and collaborative teamwork. Combines strong technical design knowledge and organizational skills to manage the design and development of multiple assigned global brands/product. Develops innovative ideas and concepts based on global consumer and market insights. Ensures overall quality, cost, schedule, and brand consistency for assigned projects. Demonstrates tact and diplomacy in dealing with others and acts as the key liaison with multi-disciplinary teams (i.e. Consumer Insights, Brands Teams and Engineering) online issues. Participates in product review meetings and other presentations as necessary. Acts as an inspirations and peer coach to junior designers.
Think you'd be the perfect fit? Know someone who'd love a shot at this? Sounds off HERE in the Allspark Forums! Not an Allspark member? Click HERE to create your free account!
Like this: Like Loading...
After almost a year of thinking, development and testing, the OSM team at Telenav is ready to present OpenStreetView to all OSM mappers! OpenStreetview (OSV) is the free and open street level imagery platform designed 100% with OSM and mappers in mind.
We officially presented OSV to the OSM community at State of the Map US where we had a 20 minute talk and a booth where we gave away crazy little remote controlled cars to everyone who signed up :). The cars were gone quickly – almost half of the people at SOTM US signed up! - but you can still see the talk thanks to the great SOTM US organizers who had all the sessions professionally recorded. If you have 20 minutes and don't like reading, watching that video is going to be the best way to be introduced to what OSV is and how you can use it to improve OSM. Or if you are coming to SOTM in Brussels, you can come meet our team there (more remote controlled cars? Who knows!) and attend the workshop.
The OpenStreetView booth at SOTM US
If you do prefer reading, read on! I wanted to quickly introduce OSV, what the components are, why we believe it is the #1 choice of street level imagery for OSM, and of course how to contribute and use it.
OpenStreetView components
OSV is a web site, openstreetview.org, free and open source mobile apps for Android and iOS, a specialized Map Editor, a plugin for JOSM, and of course a back end server. Support for iD is also planned.
The web site is where you go to explore imagery from all over the world, see leaderboards and your own profile and trips. To see your personal stuff, of course you will need to sign in. Your OpenStreetView account is linked to your OSM account, so you don't need to create a separate account. All we store when you sign in for the first time is whatever is public on OSM. (If you want to check what that is, go to https://www.openstreetmap.org/api/0.6/user/8909 , changing 8909 to whatever your OSM ID is – unless you want to see my details.)
The apps are free to download from the play / app store. For Android, you can also download the APK directly. With the apps you can capture trips. They are optimized for driving but also work well for biking and walking scenarios. Apart from recording trips, you can also upload your trips to OSV. This will happen automatically when you enter WiFi, if you want. Finally you can review your local and server trips and see your profile. Even if you have not logged in on the web site, you can log in to OSV with the apps, also through OSM OAuth. Either way, this will create an account for you on OSV.
One thing that is really specific to OSV is that you can link the app to an OBD2 dongle in your car. Those are little devices that read from the OBD2 port in your car. Almost every car has one. (Challenge: find yours!). The dongle reads all kinds of diagnostic info from the car and broadcast it over Bluetooth or WiFi. They cost around 20 Euros. A list of OSV compatible ones is on the OSM wiki. (Ehm, a very small list so far. If you have a different model, please add your experience!)
OSV will read the speed and curve to improve the accuracy of the GPS signal that is recorded for your trip. It comes in extrememly handy when GPS reception is poor or lost altogether, for example in dense tree cover or in tunnels. The dead reckoning provided by the OBD2 unit will maintain proper alignment to the road. Here you see what that means when you are driving through a tunnel (blue = GPS only, signal lost, red = with OBD2 connection).
The OSV apps also have sign detection built in. So this is not done on the server but at 60FPS on the client! This means that it will detect speed limit signs, and more to come, in real time and can warn you if you are speeding. This warning feature is almost ready and will be in one of the next builds. (We update the apps very frequently.)
The JOSM plugin is in an early beta stage. Right now it will simply display the locations of images on the OSV server, and you can click on them to show the image in the OSV panel. Basic functionality, but it works :) and we hope that you have ideas (or even code) to improve it.
Speaking of ideas, we already have an active community reporting issues and suggestions on Github. This is the best place to let us know of any bugs and ideas you have about any part of OSV. Github is also where all the source code for all the components mentioned here is located. Almost everything in OSV is open source, and if it is not we are looking at how we can make it open source.
If you do not like Github or do not want to create an account there, you can also write to hello@openstreetview.org with your ideas or bug reports. We are also on Twitter as @openstreetview and we are getting on Facebook and Instagram if you're into that kind of thing.
If you check Github, you will see that we also have upload tools for your existing Virb / GoPro and other action camera images. These are Python scripts, but we also have a GUI tool that you can just drag and drop directories onto to upload. This is in early beta but if you want a copy, let me know.
There are two components that I have not mentioned yet: the Map Editor and the back end. I want to save those for a separate post that I will write soon. Here is a screenshot of the map editor:
Why OpenStreetView?
We think that OpenStreetView is the #1 choice for street level imagery for OSM. Not only because it is almost completely open source. You also remain in full control of the data you upload to OSV. You can always delete individual photos, trips or even delete everything and remove your account if at any moment you don't want to be a part of OSV any longer. This option is on the web site, no need to email anyone or submit a request.
Another reason is because we are building a platform that is very tightly integrated with OSM. This is obvious from the way we handle user accounts: log in with OSM, no separate account. But also deeper down the integration with OSM is tight: we map all trips to OSM ways, so we can link back and forth between trips / images and OSM way objects. This opens up all kinds of interesting possibilities, and I want to spend a separate post on that as well.
For now, it would be cool if you would give OpenStreetView a try. Download the app for your phone, sign in and start capturing. Tell us about your experiences. Explore what is already there. And most important please use it to improve OSM!
Note that OpenStreetView is not a project run by OpenStreetMap or the OpenStreetMap Foundation. It is maintained by Telenav, where I work, for the sole benefit of improving OpenStreetMap.
QUEBEC — Transport Minister Jacques Daoust stood firm on his promise to regulate the ride-sharing service Uber and tabled Bill 100 on Thursday, which would effectively force Uber drivers to buy or rent taxi permits.
The bill, which puts the ride-sharing service in the same category as taxi drivers, comes after months of acrimonious debate over whether the company should be allowed to pursue its operations in Quebec.
Uber drivers use their own vehicles, are unlicensed and have minimal insurance and inspection costs, which taxi drivers have argued amounts to unfair competition.
Daoust told a news conference Thursday the California-based multinational technically owes the Quebec government about $20 million in unpaid taxes.
“It is one law for everyone,” Daoust said. “Everyone will need to adapt.”
Under the draft legislation, which aims to level the playing field among taxi companies and ride-sharing services, all taxi drivers must have their Class 4C driver's licence, undergo a criminal-background check, have their vehicle inspected, and pass an ethics and conduct course.
They must possess a valid taxi owner's permit, T license plate and private commercial insurance. Renting a permit costs about $300 a week, Daoust said, and there are currently about 1,300 out of 8,600 permits that are unused and available in the province.
If the bill is adopted, offenders will see their driver's licence suspended and car seized, and will face hefty fines of up to $25,000 for an individual and $100,000 for a company.
Driver's licences will be suspended seven days for a first offence, 30 days for a second offence and 90 days for a third.
Daoust insisted the goal isn't to chase Uber out of Quebec; rather, he encouraged the company to be more like Téo Taxi, the fully electric taxi fleet service developed by Quebec businessman Alexandre Taillefer that rents taxi permits and pays its employees $15 an hour.
“Téo is living proof that Uber can adapt,” Daoust said.
“I don't know if they'll walk out of Quebec,” he added about Uber. “It's their decision. It's not my decision. They decided to come to Quebec, if they decide to leave Quebec, it's a private-sector company. It's their decision.”
Guy Chevrette, the former PQ cabinet minister turned spokesperson for the taxi industry, called the bill a “victory” for taxi drivers.
Not so fast, Daoust replied. The traditional taxi industry must modernize and offer better service. Under the bill, drivers will be responsible for providing passengers with means to evaluate the quality of their service and pay for their ride using electronic payment.
The bill also allows for the price of a ride to vary according to the time of day, a measure seen as an incentive for drivers to provide good service 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
“It's important that the taxi industry also increase the services, that's what the customers want and workers are open to that,” said Parti Québécois MNA Martine Ouellet, who is pleased with the bill.
To those — including Coalition Avenir Québec house leader François Bonnardel — calling his bill “old-fashioned”, Daoust said he plans to invest $25 million to develop new technologies for taxis.
Bill 100 also contains safety measures for cyclists. The Highway Safety Code will be amended to increase fines for dooring, and the minimum distance that a motor vehicle must keep when passing a bicycle is specified.
According to Section 341 of the bill, no driver may pass a bicycle within the same traffic lane unless the driver can do so safely, after reducing the vehicle's speed and ensuring that a reasonable distance can be kept between the vehicle and bicycle during the manoeuvre.
A reasonable distance is 1.5 metres on a road where the speed limit is more than 50 km/h or 1 metre on a road where the limit is 50 km/h or less.
Bill 100 is being sent to committee for further study by MNAs.
It is expected to come into effect in June.
cplante@postmedia.com
twitter.com/cplantegazette
A child rapist and those who knowingly let his offenses go unpunished may not be moral equivalents, but, as we're learning this week from Penn State, inaction can have dire consequences.
I'm sickened by the abuse perpetrated by Jerry Sandusky, but frankly, reading the grand jury report, I'm even more disturbed by the number of people who witnessed everything—from blatantly criminal activity (anal rape and forced oral sex) to highly suspicious behavior (a man in his 50s and 60s giving bear hugs to naked boys in the shower)—and never reported a single incident to the police. No one blew the whistle. In order to enable Sandusky to continue abusing boys for nearly two decades (and those are just the times we know about) a shocking number people had to turn a blind eye or leave the situation for someone else to handle.
But that's exactly what so many did. Numerous people along the way—from the janitor who discovered Sandusky pinning a boy against a shower wall and performing oral sex on him to the graduate assistant who stumbled on Sandusky sodomizing a 10-year-old in the shower—informed their higher-ups of what they had witnessed. But then they walked away, putting faith in those higher-ups and assuming that someone else would handle the situation. No one wanted to be the person to rock the boat, and some (like the janitor mentioned in the grand jury report) were desperately afraid of losing their jobs.
Of course, blame ultimately lies at the top. With power, after all, comes responsibility. But the top dogs—who clearly felt they had much to lose—were blinded by selfish, willful ignorance. (For instance, a first-hand account of anal rape conveniently morphed into accusations of “horsing around” in the showers.) A group of administration officials seemingly desperate to make the situation just go away did as little as they possibly could. Even the punishment they did agree to was barely a slap on the wrist: an admittedly unenforceable ban on Sandusky bringing children to campus was practically a green light to continue molesting young boys so long as it was done off school grounds.
But unless you believe that Joe Paterno, Tim Curley, Gary Schultz, Graham Spanier, and countless others are all monsters completely devoid of morality (and statistically speaking, it seems unlikely to have that many sociopaths in one place), we need to ask how it's possible that so many reasonable men could have shirked their legal and moral responsibilities. One explanation may be some version of the sociological phenomenon known as the bystander effect: the idea that the larger the numbers of bystanders, the less the likelihood someone will step forward to help a victim. In short, no one handles it because everyone assumes someone else will. A more straightforward explanation might be simply that Sandusky was just another member of an Old Boys Club that always protects its members.
To be fair, I don't think gender explains everything about the Penn State scandal. But I do think it's noteworthy that this story only involves men. These Penn State college football men make up a very powerful club, one with lots of prestige, influence, and money. I'll add that the Catholic Church—infamous for its own pattern of harboring pedophiles—is also an old boys' club, albeit one of a very different sort. There seems to be something distinctly masculine about the type of cowardice that allows one to prioritize loyalty to powerful institutions and friends over protecting children. Can you imagine this many women knowing or suspecting that a child molester was in their midst and not bringing in the police?
In order to understand what happened at Penn State, it's also important to recognize that people like Sandusky, people who do terrible things—despicable, criminal things—are not bad all the time. Sandusky, besides being a pedophile and rapist, is a human, and humans are social animals who crave community and social acceptance. I don't know Sandusky, but I'd be surprised if he wasn't desperately crafting a respectable public image to cover for his despicable private behavior. After all, rapists, murderers, and other assorted criminals always have friends and neighbors who express shock at the criminal's true nature. How many times have you heard someone on the news say, “He always seemed like a good guy to me”? Ultimately, our culture has a loyalty problem: We prefer to remain loyal to those we know and like, even in the face of mounting evidence that they're doing something very wrong. It's just easier.
But the right thing to do is rarely the easy thing.
That is specifically why we need whistle-blowers. All the men who enabled Sandusky to continue his pattern of abuse deserve whatever punishment they receive. They are culpable. But this case is also a stark reminder that while it's easy for us to summon righteous indignation now, it was obviously much harder than it ought to have been for so many men along the way to pick up the phone, dial 911, and say: “A prominent man in my community is molesting young boys.” Maybe some feared backlash that would cost them their jobs. Maybe others were in denial. Maybe folks worried that no one would believe them.
What's clear is that while our culture does a spectacular job of making heroes out of football legends, we do an exceedingly poor job of valuing brave people of conscience who prioritize doing the right thing even in the face of personal repercussions. If we want to avoid more Catholic Church scandals or Penn States, we need fewer people afraid of rocking the boat and more who are unwilling to stay silent. If there was ever a moment in recent memory when it's clear just how important whistleblowers are, this is certainly it.
2452 SHARES Share Tweet We promise your email address will be in safe hands. Leave this field empty if you're human:
two-wheel drive motorcycle is rare, but not new. however, the Russian Taurus 2×2 All-Terrain Motorcycle is on a league of its own. the two-wheel drive system coupled with super chunky tires allows it to transverse across the toughest terrain imaginable, going where four-wheel drive vehicles can't but even if it can't, its mere 47 to 74 kilograms of weight means it is lightweight enough to be picked up and carry over, or at least drag, to where you want to go. don't believe? catch the video after the break and see it for yourself. there are two models planned: a 2×2 Taurus 2, which is the lightweight version fitted with low-pressure tires, and a 2×2 Taurus 2m, which is a heavier and more powerful model, fitted with serious off-road rubbers.
both rides share several key features which includes a 3-speed transmission, brake disc on intermediate shaft (as opposed to regular disc brakes on each wheel), 1.2 liters per hour fuel economy, a top speed of 60 km/h (37 mph) and a 55-degree turning angle. both bike is ‘foldable', but well, they aren't foldable per say. the bike can be easily disassembled into smaller parts and fit into two specially made bags for easy storage and transportation. with the exception of ridiculously tiny car like the Smart, those two bags should fit into the smallest of cars. the lighter of the two, the model 2, weighs in at between 47 and 50 kilograms, which makes it light enough to handle muddy ground with ease, while the model 2m tips the scale at between 72 and 74 kilograms. the heavier weight is probably due to a more powerful four-stroke engine and the full-fledge off-road tires which measures 220mm wide and 650mm in diameter.
apparently, the Taurus is still in production concept stage, but the good news is, it will eventually be made available as DIY kits. it will carry with it a starting price of 35,000 Russian Rubles (about US$980) when it finally becomes available. according to the website, the company has up to four rides planned, including a four-wheeled motorcycle in the pipeline. keep going to see the bike in action.
Taurus via Bikes in the Fast Lane
“People will hire you because you are a problem solver.” – Seth Holladay
I wouldn't consider myself a naïve person, however I found my preconceptions about math in animation to be completely wrong. My thoughts were like this: I know basic algebra, basic calculus, and I'm starting to learn linear algebra, but I won't use math very often because the software will do it all for me. Recently I had the opportunity to interview a prior Pixar employee Seth Holladay about his use of math in Animation. What I learned surprised me.
Seth graduated from BYU with a computer science degree but was always more inclined towards art. He struggled through computer science and even said he had a difficult time completing the beginner's class, CS 142, where you are first introduced to basic coding. He was accepted as an intern at Pixar as a render TD (more on why later) and then hired on in visual effects later after graduation.
During our interview, one of the biggest things Seth stressed was that he didn't use math because he wanted to. It wasn't because he was geeky or because he loved it, it was just he had to. A problem would arise, and he was willing to learn how to fix it. “I was just willing to do what it takes,” he said. One example of doing what it takes was at BYU when he was trying to animate a chinchilla in one of the films called, “Pet Shop.”
Seth: “I was a texture artist. I painted textures and I wrote shaders. I started doing animation when Maya first came out. RenderMan was very powerful but compared to today it was very primitive. We lined up cards on surfaces and then put textures on the cards. To get the cards attached to the skin we aligned the cards to the normals. There was an alignment where the cards were sticking straight out along the normal and we wanted it to follow the tangent of the UV's. So we wrote a script to twist and align them. We had to write some three dimensional rotations.”
Me: “So you were using matrix algebra inside the script?”
Seth: “Scripting languages normally have functions to help you do the rotations. So it's more of an understanding of what inputs you'll need for the matrix and when there are commands that mention matrix you know what it means so you don't run away.”
Another problem the BYU Animation team ran into was that of errors in the renders (the final images that are pieced together to make the film). Often there would be black spots or sharp edges that didn't look right. Seth said that he would have to open up the render files (full of matrix math) and look for the NaNs (not a number). NaNs were often the result of something going wrong with the matrix math.
Seth: “Sometime we would dig through the render file and there are lots of matrices in there and you can have a general idea of, Oh, this matrix is moving the light, this matrix is moving the other thing.”
Me: “Do we do that anymore?”
Seth: “Only if you need to, but I've definitely helped people within this last year dig through the IDF files (the render files). It's really good to know what a matrix is. That way, when the vocabulary starts flying, when you need to know which command does what, and how to predict the behavior, an underlying understanding of what matrices are and what they do is very important.”
Seth went on to tell of his application to Pixar and that he would be embarrassed to show his demo reel today. However, Pixar said they had seen nothing like it before, and accepted him as an applicant. He reflected by saying it was his willingness to solve problems that got him in. There weren't other students who were opening render files and fixing specific render bugs with linear algebra. Because they were trying things no one else was, they were running into problems no one else was either. This impressed the Pixar recruiters.
Seth: “At Pixar as a render TD I would render out the final frames. The lighters would get the lights working but they wouldn't get all the bugs out. So we had to get all the bugs out, get rid of all the black spots showing up, understand why it was taking 20 hours to render, and understand why the models were breaking. I did a lot of compositing work, so you definitely needed an eye, but there was a lot of ‘let's figure out why this isn't working and why the render is taking too long.'”
Me: “I'm assuming you kind of learned how to do that at BYU, but when you got there did you have to learn a ton? I mean, how did you learn how to do that?”
Seth: Desperation. But, it was mainly because on the senior project (at BYU) we were willing to do what we needed to do to make it amazing. That mean's you are going to be debugging. That is why Pixar hired me as an intern. I think I rendered out 100 shots on Cars.”
After his internship and graduation he worked on visual effects in the movie “Up.” During a chase scene a character named Russell is desperately hanging onto a hose from a floating house while being chased by hundreds of dogs. At one point while he is being dragged he slides over a cliffs edge and sprays debris and rocks into the abyss as he tumbles. It was Seth's job to include the rocks and debris. He mentioned the use of linear algebra to do this but I was surprised. “Wait,” I said, “didn't you just use Houdini?” He replied that Houdini was very new at the time and its rigid body simulations were very slow. It was more efficient to use linear algebra to define an axis for each rock and then give it a rotation around that axis with a matrix. It took him about a week to write out the script, but then he had a script for any rock or debris that he wanted to include in the film.
Seth worked at Pixar for four years and has now returned to BYU to teach. His current project is to study sand and how it moves to get a better simulation that can capture the solid/fluid nature of sand. He mentioned that he uses the first half of the linear algebra curriculum all the time, but that he doesn't use the second half very often. However, with the current research he is doing he said that he wishes he had studied the second portion of the curriculum better because he would be more capable of understanding fluid simulations.
I also asked Seth if a standard linear algebra class would be sufficient to solve the problems he had encountered in render wrangling. The following part of the interview got off topic from the question, but I found it useful in knowing type of linear algebra that would be useful for solving potential problems.
Seth: A lot of it is dealing with normals. It is taking vectors and translating them to different vectors. A normal means the direction of the surface. Every vertex has a normal defined.
Me: I thought it was only the faces that had normals?
Seth: Faces naturally have a normal; you just take the cross product of the two sides. A cross product is matrix multiplication. So just by that fact that you do cross products, you are using matrix multiplication. However, you shade based off of vertices normals. It is just the average of all the normals of all the faces surrounding it. Now that you have all the vertices normals, you bilinearly interpolate between the normals to get the reflection normal at each point. You don't want just the face normal, because the light will bounce off in the same way across the whole thing whereas if you interpolate a normal across the surface based off of the surrounding vertices then you get a nice gradient. Also the transformation of a normal is not the same as the transformation of a vector because the first is dependent on it being attached to a face in space. Vectors don't have a position, just a direction and length, whereas normals are restrained to a place (a direction from a point in R3). You can't just do the regular rotation matrix. Your knowledge of linear algebra will help guide the choices you make as you build stuff.”
Me: Did you use any calculus?
Seth: Inadvertently I would use it. I mean physics is all calculus. Change of speed and direction over time. Especially when I'm trying to write new tools.
Although the interview continued, it was less about math and more about what I can do to prepare myself for the industry. This was my favorite quote from Seth. “People will hire you because you are a problem solver.” I like that perspective. It makes problems exciting. I don't love math (in my math classes), but when I encounter a problem it is with a whole new perspective.
A 28-year-old registered sex offender was charged Tuesday with multiple counts of unlawful sex, rape and molestation in connection with attacks on a series of teenage girls in Whittier.
Richie Esquivel Corvera was charged with two counts of unlawful sexual intercourse and one count each of forcible rape on a child victim over 14 years, and child molesting with a prior, according to a news release from the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.
The first reported sexual assault occurred on Oct. 8, 2015. At that time, Corvera allegedly struck up a conversation with a 16-year-old girl at a convenience store and offered to take her to a coffee shop, the release stated.
Instead, Corvera drove the teenager to a motel where he allegedly raped her, according to the DA's office.
On Jan. 19, 2016, Corvera allegedly followed a teenage girl as she walked home from school, the prosecutor said. The frightened teenager told Corvera her father was on his way home and he fled, according to the prosecutor.
In separate incidents over the next several days, Corvera allegedly met two teenage girls and managed to get them to agree to get into his vehicle. Once inside, Corvera drove both of the girls to motel rooms where he allegedly had sex with them, the DA's office stated.
If convicted as charged, Corvera faces a maximum possible sentence of 16 years and eight months in state prison.
A feminist and a dude who feels awfully oppressed walk into a warehouse…
It sounds like the beginning of a joke, but it's actually the setup for Heineken's “Worlds Apart” experiment. Created by Publicis London, it's being billed as the antidote to Pepsi's obtusely pop-candy take on our messy political reality.
Instead of positioning resistance as the new Coachella, Heineken takes a more measured approach. Ahead of the operation, it filmed six people stating strongly held beliefs—that men are oppressed, that the fight for feminism is far from over; that climate change is real or “piffle”; that transgender people need a voice; that “transgender” is nonsense semantics.
Those unwitting candidates were then paired with their opposites and sent together into warehouses, where they found themselves with some instructions and a piece of furniture to build. Guess what it is?
Yes—it's a bar! Upon which to pose two beers.
Following Brexit and the American elections—and in the wake of French elections, where protectionist candidate Marine Le Pen is now a serious contender against a young man who literally invented a party—we're not only more divided but more entrenched within our bubbles. There's no longer really much reason to leave them.
This has obviously led to a lot of advertising geared toward bringing us closer together. Ben & Jerry's comes to mind, with its parable of an oppressed cherry in a land of enraged lemons. One moving Danish ad resembled Heineken's approach, asking people with vast differences to participate in a unity experiment against an intentionally banal backdrop. And then there was Pepsi.
Heineken, though, tears a page out of Refinery29's playbook—the lifestyle site that, earlier this year, tried uniting politically polarized voters over beers.
Among other things, our paired bar-builders must ask each other questions and share adjectives that describe themselves. It feels a lot like those four-minute stare ads that brands were previously so fond of. But there's something nice about being thrown into a weird situation, and forced to get to know someone in ways that have nothing to do with politics. You learn personal histories, other values that bond you, and that you can even like someone who embodies what you hate or fear.
Once the bar is built, and the Heineken beers discovered, the participants are asked to watch a short film. It's the stuff of nightmares—footage of them, passionate and mouthy and now out-of-context, expressing those polarizing political views they haven't quite had the chance to reveal to the other.
Keeping our politics in our pockets isn't a lie, per se, but we like to make critical revelations in our own time. The interesting thing about the world we're living in now is that people often lead with it, so they immediately know who to stay the hell away from. Our friends here didn't get the chance—so in terms of discomfort level, we'd compare it to that one time evil Jafar revealed to Princess Jasmine that Prince Ali was just poor, cruddy Aladdin.
Suddenly, that warehouse feels awfully cramped.
But our guinea pigs are given a choice: Sit and discuss their differences over a beer, or just leave. In one fraught moment, the anti-transgender chap immediately walks off, as his companion slowly begins to sit. It's excruciating!
Then he comes back. “I'm only joking,” he says earnestly, and immediately sits.
In fact, everyone does! The forgiveness—the immediate acceptance in the room—is palpable.
And it isn't just the people in the ad who are momentarily absolved of their incompatible beliefs. Watching it, we are too. Better still, Heineken doesn't break the moment by ending with some kind of trite tagline (the title, “Worlds Apart – #OpenYourWorld,” does that fine). It simply ends there, with new friends exchanging numbers and clinking beers.
MMOBomb and Mad Otter Games have teamed up to giveaway a Steam gift pack (Villagers and Heroes: Hero of Stormhold Pack) for the MMORRPG Villagers and Heroes! To get your code key you just need to click on the button below. Get your key now while supplies last!
Your browser does not support iframes. For having access to this giveaway you need to enable them.
Villagers and Heroes is a free-to-play MMO game in which players experience the thrill of battling monsters, the satisfaction of tailoring an exquisite robe, and also the pleasure of building friendships within a friendly community.
How to get and use your Key:
1. Log in to your MMOBomb account to get your key. If you don't have one, register for free HERE.
2. Click on the big yelow button at the top, and copy your key. The key will be temporarily saved for you, so you can go back to this page later and get your key back.
3. Launch the Steam client software and log into your Steam account.
4. At the very top of the Steam Client, Click the “Games” Menu.
5. Choose “Activate a Product on Steam…”
6. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the process.
7.. Make sure you never miss a giveaway, follow our updates via Facebook, Twitter!
8. That's it, enjoy!
Share if you like this giveaway! Share if you like this giveaway!
[easy-share buttons=”facebook,twitter,google,reddit” counters=1 hide_names=”yes” message=”yes” counter_pos=”inside” native=”no” total_counter_pos=”rightbig” template=”metro”] [easy-share buttons=”facebook,twitter,google,reddit” counters=1 hide_names=”yes” message=”yes” counter_pos=”inside” native=”no” total_counter_pos=”rightbig” template=”metro”]
This code contains the following items:
– Exclusive Starter gear: Start your journey off right with a set of exclusive gear that is not only powerful, but stylish as well. Contains a set of gear for whichever class you choose:
Swift Warrior: Splint mail armor and a large two-handed sword allow you to enter into battle with swift and precise strikes.
Deadly Hunter: Using careful aim and quick wrists, you can take down your foes quickly and quietly.
Frost Wizard: Summon the powers of ice to chill your enemies to the bone. Slow your enemies down with cold winds, or freeze them solid.
Holy Light Priest: Call upon the holy light to heal and aid your allies, or summon divine justice to smite your foes.
– A Cosmetic Appearance Pack: Matching your exclusive starting gear, this appearance pack works alongside the gnomish Gnogmentation workshops. Permanently unlock the appearance to fight evil in style, no matter your level or gear.
– Extra bag space: Permanently unlock an extra 30 slots of inventory space for your entire account, including current and future characters.
– A generous assortment of various items that will help your hero along their journey:
10 Full Health Potions
10 Full Spirits Potions
5 Gnogmenting Sockets
Villagers and Heroes Trailer:
When Lilly Heinz's mother wrote to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton about her daughter's presidential aspirations, she didn't expect to get this response. (Monica Akhtar,Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
On the night the first woman ever secured enough delegates to win a major party's nomination for president, Jennifer Rosen-Heinz watched her little girl jump around their living room in Madison, Wis., in celebration. Seven-year-old Lilly's enthusiasm for Hillary Clinton's success wasn't motivated by ideology or party. Rather, the little girl saw on the television the promise of what she could someday be.
Like African American girls inspired by the success of black women athletes at the Rio Olympics, it's affirming for children to see role models who are reflections of themselves. For Lilly, Clinton's candidacy means that she can dream of becoming president. In fact, she asked her mom if she could change her name to “Lillary,” thinking it might help her chance for her eventual White House bid.
Rosen-Heinz, a Clinton supporter but unaffiliated with the campaign, was so moved by her daughter's aspirations that she decided to share Lilly's desired name change with the Clinton campaign. She went to the website, clicked the “Contact Us” link and filled out a standard online form.
“Thank you, Hillary … for shattering that glass ceiling for ALL girls and women in this country,” Rosen-Heinz wrote in closing. “Lilly dreams of making real change not despite being a girl, but BECAUSE she's a girl, and she knows her possibilities are infinite.” She signed it casually, “Jennifer.”
“I didn't expect it to be read,” Rosen-Heinz said in an interview. “But I wanted the message to get to someone that [Hillary's campaign] is deeply moving and personal for this little girl and a lot of little girls out there.”
But someone did read it.
Last week, a thin envelope arrived in the mail with the Clinton campaign insignia on the top left corner. It was addressed not to Rosen-Heinz, but to Lilly. Inside was a letter. It was also casually signed: “Hillary.”
Rosen-Heinz scanned the page, assuming it was a form response, but when she saw the word, “Lillary,” she was shocked.
In the personal note to Lilly, Clinton encourages the second grader to always “make your voice heard.” She tells her to “proudly take credit for your ideas.” And to not “be afraid to carve out a space of your own.”
Rosen-Heinz shared the letter on her Facebook page, not as advocacy for Clinton, she said, but to encourage parents to read the words of encouragement to their own children.
“We hope we lead by example that children need to be respected,” she said. “Ultimately, we are Hillary supporters and it's no small thing to us that she speaks with children in this way that is so respectful.”
On Monday afternoon after school, Lilly sat cross-legged on her parents' bed, clutching her stuffed cat, Q-tip, and read the letter out loud. She said the letter makes her feel “happy and excited and strong.” She flexed her left bicep on the last word.
Her mother calls her a “budding feminist,” who doesn't take kindly to being told she can't do something that boys can do. She's also an avid reader, swimmer, baker, pianist and gardener, she said. She'll be going, appropriately, as Wonder Woman for Halloween.
“This piece of paper expresses so many of the values we have,” Rosen-Heinz said. “If we can't come together and agree that these words are important, that all children need to hear these things, then we don't have any humanity in common.”
As for Lilly's strong support for Clinton?
“She's the first girl president,” Lilly said, matter-of-factually. “And I would be the second.”
Read more on Inspired Life:
Feeling anxious ahead of the debate? Here's how to cope with ‘Election Stress Disorder.'
Her 10-year-old son wanted to shop at a store just for girls. What the two found there was acceptance.
This once-bullied teen has a simple solution so no one has to eat alone in the cafeteria ever again
Lindsay Lohan has penned a poem about the refugee crisis and Isil, posting it to her Instagram page.
The 'Mean Girls' actress has recently turned her hand to philanthropy and activism, having visited refugee camps.
She frequently tweets about the refugee crisis, and now she has posted a poem she wrote to her Instagram page.
It reads:
Sometimes I hear the voice of the one I loved the most but in this world we live in of terror who I am to be the girl who is scared and hurt when most things that happen I cannot explain I try to understand when I'm sitting in bed at 3am so I can't sleep, I roll over I can't think and my body becomes cold I immediately feel older... then I realise, at least I am in a bed I am still alive so what can really be said? just go on to bed and close the blinds still and so on, I cannot help but want to fix all of these idle isis minds because, there has to be something I can figure out rather than living in a world of fear and doubt they now shoot, we used to shout if only I can keep trying to fix it all I would keep the world loving and small I would share my smiles and give too many kisses
It appears she is writing a book; the caption reads "LL book - truth is being honest".
Ms Lohan plans to return to refugee camps in Turkey.
She told Page 6: "I am deciding now if I will head back to do more work in refugee camps in Turkey and Antep during or after the New Year."
Russell Westbrook has added another award to his 2017 résumé — Sports Illustrated's “Most Fashionable Athlete.”
Westbrook — number two on last year's list — is well known for his unique taste in fashion. Whether it be animal print, mismatching camouflage, a photographer's vest, or something else he cooks up, his in-your-face wardrobe is nearly as memorable as his ability on the hardwood. Coming off of a 2016-17 season that saw him average a triple-double and win league MVP, it's only right he continues his recent string of award-winning ways off the court.
While his choice in attire may be too expensive for the typical fan to replicate, he told SI:
“I wear a combination of everything. I go with what I'm feeling and with what looks good, regardless of how much it is. I want to show people across the world that you don't always have to wear high-end. Whatever it is, you can still be fashionable.”
The top 10 of this year's list broke down as follows:
Russell Westbrook Victor Cruz Serena Williams Roger Federer LeBron James Henrik Lundqvist Dwyane Wade Lewis Hamilton Andre Iguodala Maria Sharapova
Check out his full interview here, or jump over to the full list to see the top 20.
Via Sports Illustrated:
Diplomatic community shows solidarity with gay Turkish referee
Pınar Kırdar ANKARA - Hürriyet Daily News
Daily News Photo/Selahattin Sönmez
International embassy staff in Ankara from 19 countries played a football match on March 15 in a show of solidarity with Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ, Turkey's first openly gay referee, who has been waging a legal battle against the Turkish Football Federation for dropping him over his sexual orientation.“Football is not the area of heterosexual men only; women, men, gay and lesbian people can enjoy football as well... There's an obvious discrimination [against Dinçdağ] due to his sexual orientation. Not only LGBT [lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual] people, but also all football fans lent their support in this fight against discrimination,” Secretary General of the Ankara-based Gay and Lesbian Cultural Research and Solidarity Association (Kaos GL) Ali Erol told reporters ahead of the match.The match was organized by Kaos GL and was followed by a discussion at Ankara University titled “Sports Against Discrimination Forum.”Dinçdağ, also speaking ahead of the match he refereed, expressed his pleasure with the solidarity and said the support shows that he is proceeding in the right way. Noting that he has been invited to referee many friendly matches, Dinçdağ said that he will travel to Germany upon an invitation from fans of Bayern Munich. “That homophobia is very common in football has been debated recently. But recent developments show that the situation will change gradually,” he said.Dinçdağ has been fighting his legal battle against the federation for the past two years. The federation denied the referee's accusations that he was dropped over his sexual orientation, citing his on-field performance instead.An expert report submitted to the court admitted that the federation discriminated against him, and the federation is highly likely to be convicted in the May 21 hearing and forced to pay an indemnity, Dinçdağ said.He also applied to the federation for restitution of his refereeing rights to the federation, he said, adding that he would apply to international football bodies FIFA and UEFA if the Turkish federation rejects his demand.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 11
Updated 9/15/2014: The QuarterWave has met its original funding goal, and has added new stretch goals for the last 18 days of its campaign. Those goals include a Bluetooth adapter, an extra color choice for the finish, and RCA/Aux cables, all of which have been met and added to the package. In addition, a wireless remote, and NFC touch pairing for compatible devices will be added should the speaker move past its current $38K to $50,000 and $60,000 respectively.
Even if you're not an audio geek, it's difficult not to fall for the QuarterWave on sheer looks alone. We've seen wooden speakers aplenty, but the rich finish, and smooth curves that round out the center of the Quarterwave's cabinet offer a fresh feast for the eyes. Those rounded lines aren't just for aesthetic value, though; they also serve a purpose.
The QuarterWave's Kickstarter page claims the twists and turns inside the box are designed as acoustic waveguides, delaying the sound waves that resonate through the center of the cabinet to prevent interference and distortion. (There's even a sound wave diagram in the logo). In fact, using the kind of sound principle lingo you'll hear in a Bose infomercial, the site claims the speaker is able to leverage the interior resonance for “constructive interference” creating a “loud and undistorted live sound.”
To fill those wooden chambers with sound, the QuarterWave relies on dual 2.5-inch drivers pushed by a dual-channel Class-D amplifier that produces 30 watts per side. The speaker also incorporates a chip using Bluetooth 4.0 for efficient wireless streaming. We'd like to say the etched glass plays a part in shaping the audio, but that feature is purely for aesthetics.
Apart from Bluetooth, the speaker also incorporates an RCA analog input, a 3.5mm aux input, as well as an RCA pre-amp output for connecting to the forthcoming QuarterWave Bass speaker – SmartWood's version of a subwoofer. Other features include a rotary dial on the front for volume control and a USB charging port for your mobile device.
The speaker is now available in Natural finish, Espresso, Mahogany, Jet Black, and Whitewash. And although we have no idea what the QuarterWave will sound like, we're pretty excited to find out. If you think SmartWood's carpenters of sound have a good thing going, you can pledge your $249 for the speaker today. And at that price, it's hard to go wrong.
You probably didn't notice, but this week, your searching activity on Google got a little safer from prying eyes. When you go to Google, it likely will transfer you automatically to its "encrypted" service, one designed to prevent potential "eavesdropping" on your searches. What's not to like with that? Chiefly, a loophole Google has left in for its advertisers and a lost opportunity to get all sites to go secure.
Blocking "eavesdropping" of search activity
Encrypted search -- officially, Google SSL Search -- protects you from "eavesdroppers" in the same way you're protected through an encrypted connection when you do online banking. Only you and the site you're talking with can "hear" your conversation. So with encrypted search, what you're searching for can't be heard by third parties. Assuming, of course, no one like the National Security Agency or hackers have cracked the "keys" to that encryption.
Google made a big push to increase the use of encrypted searches two years ago. Anyone who had logged into Google, such as to check Gmail, would be sent to the Google SSL Search, if they wanted to search for something.
This week, Google confirmed it is forwarding users to Google SSL Search even if they aren't signed in. From the statement Google gave to me when I wrote about this on my Search Engine Land site:
We added SSL encryption for our signed-in search users in 2011, as well as searches from the Chrome omnibox earlier this year. We're now working to bring this extra protection to more users who are not signed in.
In short, everyone is -- or will soon be -- protected from eavesdropping, even if they don't remember to sign in. Google's got your back! Or so it seems on the surface. As it turns out, search data remains exposed in several ways.
The loophole for advertisers
Perhaps the most glaring loophole is that if you do a search and click on an ad, what you searched for isn't protected at all. Google is continuing, with a deliberate decision it made two years ago, to transmit search terms "in the clear" to its advertisers.
That's something I've always found disturbing. There's only one reason for Google to leave in this loophole: to make its advertisers happy. If search data is private, as Google clearly believes it to be with these encryption moves, then why allow advertisers to still see it?
This hypocrisy is so embarrassing that Google doesn't even acknowledge it on its help page about Google SSL Search. Google notes that Web sites might know the search terms people use to reach them but not the exact reason why this might happen: because Google makes an exception for its advertisers.
The search terms "on their own" loophole
Search terms on their own clearly aren't private, in Google's opinion. Otherwise, there's no reason why it would continue to leave another major loophole in place. Publishers can log in to Google Webmaster Tools and see the top 2,000 terms used to reach their sites, going back for 90 days.
If there are "private" or "sensitive" search terms within that data, there's nothing Google has said it does to filter these out. Either private terms still get exposed or search terms on their own aren't so private.
By search terms "on their own," I mean just the words themselves, disconnected from any information that could link the search terms to an individual, such as a user ID, a cookie, or an IP address. That's what Google SSL Search service does. It strips the terms away from possibly identifying information, except for the case of Google's advertisers.
Is privacy a cover for ad motives?
The bottom line is that Google's move has indeed made searching safer. But it hasn't made it as safe as it could be, according to Google's own arguments about search term privacy.
The loophole left in for advertisers has suggested to many marketers that the "privacy" argument is also a convenient cover for Google to claw back some visibility on how publishers get found by Google, perhaps to boost its ad sales.
Google denies any such motive. But that doesn't really matter if the end result is the same.
How the entire Web could have been made secure
Sadly, there's an easy way Google could have made searching via Google and browsing the Web more secure. Google could have allowed publishers to continue seeing the terms used to reach their sites through the decades-old "referrer" system, an industry-standard practice that Google unilaterally broke in 2011, as part of its encrypted search change.
The catch? All those publishers would have to do is provide secure sites of their own, something that would benefit everyone.
I made this suggestion back in 2011 and it remains a valid option. Google clearly doesn't think search terms on their own are private, or it wouldn't expose them through Google Webmaster Tools. It also clearly doesn't consider the combination of search terms with possibly personally identifying information to be private, or it wouldn't continue to transmit them this way to advertisers.
Rather, Google seems most concerned about someone eavesdropping on an entire stream of searches linked to a particular individual. That's the only thing that adds up when the loopholes it allows to are considered. Transmitting search terms using the original referrer system, only to sites that agree to be secure, would address this issue.
Google, which has pushed for the Web to be faster, could use encrypted search as a way to make the Web more secure. Believe me, many publishers would immediately go secure, just as they sped up their sites when Google dangled the "carrot" of better rankings for faster sites. Plus, it would stop speculation that encrypted search is more about protecting Google's bottom line than protecting users.
It would be a great move to make. How about it, Google?
Savannah.
It's got its share of major problems: drugs, poverty, shootings and homelessness.
Then there are the more mundane matters that periodically crop up.
Take grocery carts for instance.
It is not uncommon for some Savannahians to wheel a cart well beyond the boundaries of the store to their home.
Meet Tameca and Dennis Cammon.
On Sunday, the couple pushed a cart loaded with bottled water and other essentials from the downtown Kroger along Gwinnett Street to their home on Waters Avenue.
It's not something they do all the time, but their car was out of commission, Tameca Cammon said. Many of their older neighbors, who don't have any other options, regularly bring the carts home with them, however, she said.
But some residents are getting tired of seeing the carts abandoned along the streets, canals, bus stops and yards and have been making their displeasure known to city officials.
Now the city is trying to encourage the stores to keep their property off the streets and behind the sliding doors.
Assistant City Manager Peter Shonka recently sent letters to all the local grocers asking them to take better care of their property. Shonka said the city is considering ways to address the issue, including rounding up the carts and holding them until the businesses redeem a fee.
"We recognize that you often have little or no control over customers removing carts from your property," he said. "However, it is the name of your company that appears on your cart creating visual blight and clutter."
The City Council devoted about 15 minutes to the topic during its meeting Thursday.
Alderman Estella Shabazz said she has been receiving a lot of calls about the issue, as has Alderwoman Mary Ellen Sprague, who said residents are getting upset because people leave the carts on their lawns and the stores won't come and pick them up.
Alderman Tom Bordeaux questioned why the stores were allowing shoppers to walk away with the carts in the first place.
"The last time I walked out of the store with $500 worth of merchandise, they got upset," Bordeaux said. "It is stolen property."
Alderman Tony Thomas questioned whether all the blame should be put on the merchants, suggesting police should confront people they see pushing the carts down the street.
"The shopping cart doesn't drive away by itself," Thomas said.
Tameca Cammon said Kroger actually does a good job of collecting the carts in their neighborhood by having someone drive around and pick them up regularly.
"I've never seen one out there for more than a day," she said.
Kroger has had some success with its collection program, and the city would like to see the other merchants apply something similar citywide, said Susan Broker, director of Savannah's Citizen Office.
"The city's goal is compliance," Broker said. "Whatever measures they can take we would be supportive of."
Starting Thursday, the city plans to start accessing problem areas and the businesses contributing to them.
City Manager Stephanie Cutter said during last week's meeting that the stores are ultimately responsible for their inventory.
"We know we're not going to solve the shopping cart problem this afternoon," Cutter said. "It's going to have to be tweaked here and there."
About Vulnreport
Security engineering time is valuable and finding additional security engineers to add to an R&D team can be difficult. There's no reason that an engineer's time should be spent doing the boring and tedious work of writing and formatting presentable findings reports after conducing penetration tests. In 2013, Vulnreport was envisioned by the Salesforce Product Security team as an automation and management platform for the 1500+ penetration tests and security audits we perform annually. To date, Vulnreport has saved hundreds, if not thousands, of security engineer-hours, resulting in a 'free' extra engineer for our team.
Vulnreport's original purpose was to automate and manage all the data involved with the AppExchange Security Review process and to provide useful metrics to help us understand what vulns we were finding. After talking with our partners, friends, and customers, we've released Vulnreport for free to the community. The open source version of Vulnreport has been abstracted from the ground up to let you hook your own integrations and modifications into the platform.
Vulnreport was open-sourced at Black Hat USA 2016's Arsenal and will remain available and regularly-updated for anyone in the security community to use and modify, contribute to, or just play around with.
I hate the president. That's nothing new. It is though the most amount of energy I've ever put into hating an individual. But again, that's not surprising to anyone. Despite all the sci-fi-esque dread and madness we live under right now, nothing being surprising seems about par for the course. Because right now we live in the dumbest timeline, but what we are going through is also boring and predictable of a daily basis. It's all the same. Day in. Day out. I don't really talk about it anymore cause the conversations haven't changed over the past 20 months. I feel numb. I hate myself for giving into the bullshit and being outraged about the hypocrisy. I hate myself when I completely ignore it too.
Living in Battle of the Sexes alternate history feels...strange. There are other problems with the movie, but the parallels of Stone as Clinton and Carell as a Bum are too obvious to ignore. This is nothing at the fault of the directors. And if I was better at this I would weave in some actual film making problems I had. All I know is I don't like the world we live in now. And this doesn't help.
EXCLUSIVE: Obama 'cancelled missions to kill bin Laden THREE TIMES after getting cold feet - until Hillary Clinton stepped in', claims explosive new book
Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him will be published on Tuesday
Claims Obama cancelled three operations to kill bin Laden
The killing of bin Laden is at the centre of Obama's re-election campaign
The 9/11 mastermind was eventually killed by US Navy SEALs in May 2011
Barack Obama cancelled three operations to kill Osama bin Laden before finally going ahead with the mission at the insistence of Hillary Clinton, according to a new book .
The explosive allegation is contained in an expose by journalist Rich Miniter, who argues that the White House's carefully-crafted narrative of Obama as a decisive leader who dispatched the al-Qaeda leader despite the doubts of advisers is a myth.
Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him will be published on Tuesday. Excerpts have been viewed by Mail Online.
Explosive claims: Barack Obama allegedly cancelled three operations to kill Osama bin Laden before finally going ahead with the mission at the insistence of Hillary Clinton
Obama and Clinton watch the moment bin Laden is killed on a television screen
Miniter, a former ‘Wall Street Journal', ‘Washington Times' and ‘Sunday Times' of London journalist, cites an unnamed source within Joint Special Operations Command as revealing that three ‘kill' missions were cancelled by Obama in January, February and March 2011.
Bin Laden was eventually killed by US Navy SEALs inside his compound in Abbotobad, Pakistan in May 2011.
The killing of bin Laden is at the centre of Obama's re-election campaign and is likely to be highlighted yet again by his aides on the eleventh anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks next month. Obama has already come under fire from former SEALs for trumpeting his role in the raid.
Until now, no one has claimed that he was reluctant even to launch it.
Miniter portrays Clinton as the main force behind killing bin Laden and contends that the prevaricating Obama has been in thrall to a number of dominant women – Clinton, top adviser Valerie Jarrett and his wife Michelle.
It was Jarrett, a long-time Chicago ally, he reports, who urged Obama to cancel the first three operations to kill bin Laden.
Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him will be published on Tuesday
Miniter writes that Clinton's alliances with Leon Panetta, then CIA director and now Pentagon chief, and David Petraeus, then head of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan and now at the helm at the CIA, were critical in bringing bin Laden to justice.
At the start of his presidency, Miniter writes, Obama was ‘studiously undecided' about whether to kill the mastermind of 9/11.
‘He refused to weigh in or commit himself on even small matters related to a possible strike on bin Laden.'
He continues: ‘Obama was often disengaged as the bin Laden operation took shape; he left critical decisions to the then-CIA Director Leon Panetta, then-Secretary of Defence Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
‘Obama feared taking responsibility for a risky raid that might go tragically wrong.'
Initially, Miniter writes, Obama deferred to Jarrett over whether to go after bin Laden.
‘Jarrett opposed the idea. She worried about a backlash against the president if the operation failed, or even if it succeeded. Clinton privately fumed about Jarrett's relentless presence and her injection of political considerations at every turn.
‘Throughout 2009 Obama demanded more and more certainty about U.S. intelligence concerning bin Laden. Jarrett repeatedly reminded Obama and other executive-branch officials that the president had campaigned on the “intelligence failures” of the Bush years.
‘There was no need, she said, to hand our political rivals a set of intelligence failures of our own.
‘As CIA covert teams successfully parried concerns about intelligence by extraordinary efforts that proved bin Laden was indeed in the Abottobad compound, a new set of delaying tactics emerged, embedded in the debate over what should actually be done.'
Despite their rivalry during the battle for the 2008 Democratic nomination, Clinton had gradually won over Obama and established her influence during weekly meetings in the Oval Office.
‘Clinton used her weekly meeting to begin lobbying for a decisive blow against bin Laden.
Insistent: Miniter portrays Hillary Clinton as the main force behind killing bin Laden
‘She knew her husband had paid a political price for failing to stop bin Laden before the September 11 attacks. She knew Obama's presidency could be mortally wounded if he had bin Laden in his gun sights and didn't fire.'
Eventually, Miniter writes, Obama was convinced that bin Laden should be pursued but still had reservations about pulling the metaphorical trigger.
‘He knew Clinton was right. So he agreed to keep making minor decisions, but remained uneasy about the big one at the end—deciding to kill bin Laden, and to risk losing American and Pakistani lives in the process.'
Even the day before bin Laden's demise, Miniter writes, Obama was seized by a ‘fourth moment of indecision'.
The Bruins made David Pastrnak their first-round choice at the 2014 Draft on Friday, using the No. 25 pick on the Cezch winger. Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
When the Bruins announced that they had made Czech winger David Pastrnak the No. 25 overall pick on Friday night, the comparisons began with the Bs most notable Czech player: David Krejci.
Krejci seemed excited to hear the news, as shown by this text message from the Bruins to him on Friday night, later posted on the Bruins' official Instagram account.
According to Pastrnak's NHL.com draft profile, Krejci is his favorite NHL player, so he must be thrilled to be drafted by the team in which his idol is a star center, even comparing his playing style to Krejcis during his post-draft interview.
Theres still a long way to go before Pastrnak even gets his first taste of the NHL, but if he can provide the Bruins with anywhere near the production Krejci has given the team over the past half-decade, then the Bs will be very happy with their No. 25 selection in the 2014 Draft.
For quite some time it's been hinted that we are heading towards major tile graphics update. And we certainly are. Work with the graphics engine, planning of graphics structures, perspective and style has been carried on behind the scenes (mostly) in silence. With so much work with game content additions - which are always the top priority - I honestly thought that we wouldn't be seeing any graphical improvements in the next version but what do you know...Things have clicked and the road to updating tile graphics, even for the next version, is now clear. My original graphics update plan was to increase tile size at once and redraw everything from a scratch. This plan has changed a bit and we can now proceed with graphics update without having to freeze the game content development until the now outlook is done. The new master plan is to go through an intermediate graphics update stage where redrawing of bigger tiles can be proceeded, and their smaller counterparts will be used with the current grid size. We can keep up pouring in new game content while still featuring updated graphics, and when it's time to make the final step with increased resolution and grid size everything's drawn already.It's a lot of drawing nevertheless, but I'm hopeful that at least majority of items will be completely redrawn for the next version. And we'll probably see the couple of dozen new item sprites as well. During my spare time (hehe) I've already drawn quite a bit of new sprites and those whose graphical modding work I've fancied can shortly expect to receive e-mails about collaborative work.Here's a screenshot with bunch of redrawn items - and you'll see this in action the next version:The items we got there:mail mittens, fur mittens, birch-bark shoes, boots, shoes, iron helm, spectacle helmgalore of knives from stone knife to skramasaksifish, wooden bowl and cup, battlesword, wooden tubgalore of axes from stone-axe to battleaxe, javelin and spearWith this upcoming intermediate graphics update (and the current game) items aren't drawn in scale. We've got man-size fish and knives etc. but it really doesn't matter for now. But things will be drawn pretty much in scale for the final graphics update ahead of us. For bigger items the upcoming intermediate graphisc update will feature those small counterparts, but graphics work on smaller items is interchangeable.And this is how those new items will look in the end, with the final graphics update, and with our draft avatar. (Terrain tiles are unchanged in this screenshot, but of course they'll be redrawn too.)The next version...it's looking good...and will be one of the biggest updates in history of UnReal World - so far.
This summer marks the official launch of music programming at Basilica Hudson, a waterfront arts and performance space located inside a reclaimed 19th-century factory in Hudson, New York. The artist-owned venue, which offers views of the Catskill Mountains, is run by creative directors Melissa Auf der Maur (formerly of Hole and Smashing Pumpkins) and filmmaker Tony Stone.
Presented in association with Pitchfork, the Basilica Music Festival is a two-day event taking place August 10-11. While it's dubbed a "festival", it is not a fest in the traditional sense-- it's more of a uniquely crafted weekend getaway experience. Only a limited number of tickets are available.
We've already announced the core events that will take place, including a showcase called "Metal Machine Music: Solo Noise Artists and Their Machines" organized by Brandon Stosuy's Show No Mercy, a day called "Neidan!" curated by Brian DeRan of Leg Up! Management/Gleam House, and an art exhibition called "Suggested Destination".
In addition to previously announced acts Liturgy, Gang Gang Dance, Prince Rama, Mick Barr, and others, we're happy to add more components to the weekend: Blazer, a New Mexico-based sound system owned and operated by Excepter's Nathan Corbin and specializing in heavy dub, roots, ragga and dancehall, will be featured on Saturday afternoon. "Neidan!" will also feature performances from the Psychic Paramount, Hiro Kone, and Mike Fellows (aka Miighty Flashlight, ex-Rites of Spring). We're also introducing an early-evening sunset cruise on the Hudson on Saturday.
Follow the Basilica Music Festival on Twitter for additional visual artists, bands, and events. More info can be found on the festival's website, including specific details on travel and accommodations (camping, motels, B&Bs). Tickets are on sale here. Individual day tickets for Friday and Saturday are $15 each. Advance weekend packages are $25.
The Basilica Hudson will also host concerts through the fall, including Godspeed You! Black Emperor on September 20, and Grimes, Elite Gymnastics, and Myths on September 25.
Watch Gang Gang Dance perform "Glass Jar" at last year's Pitchfork Music Festival:
Embedded content is unavailable.
Spartak Moscow are reported to be willing to sell Liverpool target Quincy Promes in January, after signing the winger's replacement.
Promes has been mooted with a winter move to Merseyside, with Jurgen Klopp drawing up a list of targets to reinforce his attack following a number of injuries.
Philippe Coutinho, Daniel Sturridge and Danny Ings are all currently sidelined, while Sadio Mane is due to depart for the Africa Cup of Nations in January, leaving Liverpool short of options.
This has seen Klopp turn to youngsters Ovie Ejaria and Ben Woodburn in recent weeks, but this could prove to be a stopgap.
Spartak have secured the signing of 32-year-old winger Aleksandr Samedov from rivals Lokomotiv Moscow, and according to reports in Russia, broadcaster Match TV claim this will see Promes leave the club:
Spartak are READY to sell Quincy Promes and that's why they've decided to sign Aleksandr Samedov from Loko. Huge news given by Match TV. — Stefano Conforti (@confortistefano) December 4, 2016
Samedov is an experienced outlet on the right flank, and looks set to take up the role Promes has played regularly for Spartak since his move from FC Twente in 2014.
Promes has previously been valued at £25 million, and Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group are reportedly ready to sanction a big-money outlay in January.
Klopp's priority target is said to remain Borussia Dortmund youngster Christian Pulisic, but the United States international could prove difficult to prise from the Westfalenstadion midway through the season.
A move for Promes, who has scored five goals and laid on seven assists in 13 games in this season's Russian Premier League, would present a strong alternative.
Able to perform a variety of roles across the forward line, Promes could cover for the absences of Coutinho and Mane, joining the likes of Roberto Firmino and Divock Origi in Klopp's attack.
Klopp was interested in signing Promes back in 2014 when he was manager at Dortmund, and is clearly an admirer of his talents.
At 24, Promes could slot into Klopp's first-team setup immediately, but also has the scope to develop under the German in the Premier League.
All signs point to a January bid, but with Spartak challenging at the top end of the table this season, after finishing fourth, sixth, sixth and fifth in the last four seasons, whether they are definitely looking to sell their joint-top scorer is questionable.
PS1 telescope establishes near-Earth asteroid discovery record
The Pan-STARRS PS1 telescope on Haleakala, Maui, discovered 19 near-Earth asteroids on the night of January 29, the most asteroids discovered by one telescope on a single night. Cataloging near-Earth asteroids is important for astrobiologists who are trying to determine scenarios for the future or life on Earth if one of these rocks from space were to collide with our planet.
“This record number of discoveries shows that PS1 is the world's most powerful telescope for this kind of study,” said Nick Kaiser, head of the Pan-STARRS project. “NASA and the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory's support of this project illustrates how seriously they are taking the threat from near-Earth asteroids.”
Pan-STARRS software engineer Larry Denneau spent that Saturday night in his University of Hawaii at Manoa office in Honolulu processing the PS1 data as it was transmitted from the telescope over the Internet. During the night and into the next afternoon, he and others came up with 30 possible new near-Earth asteroids.
Asteroids are discovered because they appear to move against the background of stars. To confirm asteroid discoveries, scientists must carefully re-observe them several times within 12-72 hours to define their orbits, otherwise they are likely to be “lost.”
Denneau and colleagues quickly sent their discoveries to the Minor Planet Center in Cambridge, Mass., which collects and disseminates data about asteroids and comets, so that other astronomers can re-observe the objects.
“Usually there are several mainland observatories that would help us confirm our discoveries, but widespread snowstorms there closed down many of them, so we had to scramble to confirm many of the discoveries ourselves,” noted Institute for Astronomy astronomer Richard Wainscoat.
Wainscoat, astronomer David Tholen, and graduate student Marco Micheli spent the next three nights searching for the asteroids using telescopes at Mauna Kea Observatories, Hawaii.
On Sunday night, they confirmed that two of the asteroids were near-Earth asteroids before snow on Mauna Kea forced the telescopes to close. On Monday night, they confirmed nine more before fog set in.
On Tuesday night, they searched for four, but found only one. After Tuesday, the remaining unconfirmed near-Earth asteroids had moved too far to be found again.
Telescopes in Arizona, Illinois, Italy, Japan, Kansas, New Mexico, and the United Kingdom, and the Faulkes Telescope on Haleakala also helped to confirm seven of the discoveries.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) walks through the U.S. Capitol on Nov. 9. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)
Over the objections of a Democratic senator, the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Charles E. Grassley (Iowa), announced last week that he will schedule a hearing on President Trump's nominee for a seat on the Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit. By ignoring the senator's “blue slip” — a practice that allows senators to block nominees slated for judgeships in their home states — Grassley's move makes it easier for Trump to stack the courts to the GOP's advantage.
Here are three things you need to know about the blue slip.
1. Blue slips have not always been a veto tool
The blue slip is a century-old, informal Senate practice, never added to written committee or chamber rules. The oldest blue slip in congressional archives dates to 1917, although chairs maintained systematic records of correspondence with home state senators as early as 1913.
This is how the blue slip works. Each time the president sends a nomination to the Senate to fill a federal trial or appellate court vacancy, the Judiciary Committee chairman sends a form known as the blue slip to each of the two home state senators for the nomination — regardless of party. Senators can return the form — marking either support or opposition to the nominee — or withhold the form attempting to delay further action.
Because blue slips are practice rather than rule, chairmen have considerable discretion in deciding how to treat them. Before the 1950s, blue slips largely served as an early warning if nominees might bump into trouble on the Senate floor. Beginning in the mid-1950s, Judiciary Chairman James Eastland (D-Miss.) allowed senators to block nominees by refusing to return their blue slips. Policies under subsequent chairmen have varied a bit: On balance, Republican chairmen have been more likely to ignore negative blue slips than have Democratic chairmen.
2. Blue slips used to be backed up by filibusters
Blue slips have disproportionately been exploited by ideological foes of the president. During the Obama administration, conservative Republicans more aggressively withheld blue slips than GOP moderates. Similarly, liberal Democrats were more likely to target George W. Bush nominees than were moderates.
Blue slips mattered less, however, when senators could filibuster judicial nominations on the Senate floor. For example, when GOP chairman Orrin G. Hatch in 2003 began to ignore Democrats' negative blue slips (which he did when he believed the White House had consulted with Democratic senators in selecting the nominee), Democrats simply filibustered the nominations when the majority party tried to call for a confirmation vote.
After Democrats abolished judicial filibusters in November 2013, blue slips became more powerful weapons. As chairman, Senator Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) allowed Republicans to deploy blue slips to block nominees of President Barack Obama from moving forward. Leahy's policy undermined Obama's ability to confirm judges onto the bench in states represented by at least one Republican.
[Watch out, Republicans. Tax reform could be just as hard as health care.]
As you can see in the figure below, Leahy's blue slip policy helps explain why confirmation rates for Obama nominees remained below 90 percent in 2013 and 2014 — even after Democrats abolished the filibuster in 2013. Republicans used blue slips to block nominees in committee who otherwise would have sped to confirmation. The steep drop-off in confirmation in 2015 and 2016 stems from Republicans winning back control of the Senate in 2014: No need for the blue slip when you can simply refuse to consider Obama nominees — including his Supreme Court nominee.
­
That's why Grassley's decision to ignore blue slip objections matters so much. With neither the blue slip nor the judicial filibuster, minority Democrats can no longer block judicial nominees unless three GOP senators cross the aisle to help defeat them.
3. Shredding blue slips empowers the White House
Confirmation rates, however, obscure the full effect of the blue slip. During the Obama administration, the president was less likely to nominate candidates for judgeships in states represented by at least one Republican rather than two Democrats. Why? The mere threat of a negative blue slip deterred the White House from selecting a nominee.
Obama was not the only president cowed by the threat of negative blue slips. Over the postwar period, presidents faced protracted bargaining over nominees when trying to fill vacant judgeships in states represented by ideologically extreme senators — the ones most likely to threaten nominees with a blue slip. Because delay is the key way nominations are derailed in the Senate, extended negotiations backed by the threat of a negative blue slip limited presidents' ability to stack the bench with like-minded jurists, especially for district court nominees.
Grassley's move undermines Democrats' parliamentary ability to block Trump nominees in the Senate — even when the American Bar Association deems Trump's picks unqualified for the bench, as has happened with four of 58 nominees. As a result, Trump is likely to nominate candidates more quickly than previous presidents.
[Everything you need to know about the Supreme Court's big gerrymandering case]
True, Grassley has limited the policy change to nominations to the appellate courts, suggesting that he'll continue to recognize negative blue slips for district court judges. But the appellate courts are courts of last resort for thousands of cases in the federal courts that will never make it onto the Supreme Court's limited docket.
Killing negative, out-party blue slips sharply cuts Democratic efforts to limit the judiciary's ideological shift to the right. And it raises the risk for Republicans that, in turn, when Democrats next win control of the chamber, they will eliminate blue slips altogether. In the Senate, what goes around eventually comes around.
When it became clear last fall that the CIA's now discredited Benghazi talking points were flawed, the White House said repeatedly the documents were put together almost entirely by the intelligence community, but White House documents reviewed by Congress suggest a different story.
ABC News has obtained 12 different versions of the talking points that show they were extensively edited as they evolved from the drafts first written entirely by the CIA to the final version distributed to Congress and to U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice before she appeared on five talk shows the Sunday after that attack.
Related: Read the Full Benghazi Talking Point Revisions
White House emails reviewed by ABC News suggest the edits were made with extensive input from the State Department. The edits included requests from the State Department that references to the Al Qaeda-affiliated group Ansar al-Sharia be deleted as well references to CIA warnings about terrorist threats in Benghazi in the months preceding the attack.
That would appear to directly contradict what White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said about the talking points in November.
"Those talking points originated from the intelligence community. They reflect the IC's best assessments of what they thought had happened," Carney told reporters at the White House press briefing on November 28, 2012. "The White House and the State Department have made clear that the single adjustment that was made to those talking points by either of those two institutions were changing the word 'consulate' to 'diplomatic facility' because 'consulate' was inaccurate."
Summaries of White House and State Department emails - some of which were first published by Stephen Hayes of the Weekly Standard - show that the State Department had extensive input into the editing of the talking points.
State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland raised specific objections to this paragraph drafted by the CIA in its earlier versions of the talking points:
"The Agency has produced numerous pieces on the threat of extremists linked to al-Qa'ida in Benghazi and eastern Libya. These noted that, since April, there have been at least five other attacks against foreign interests in Benghazi by unidentified assailants, including the June attack against the British Ambassador's convoy. We cannot rule out the individuals has previously surveilled the U.S. facilities, also contributing to the efficacy of the attacks."
In an email to officials at the White House and the intelligence agencies, State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland took issue with including that information because it "could be abused by members [of Congress] to beat up the State Department for not paying attention to warnings, so why would we want to feed that either? Concerned …"
The paragraph was entirely deleted.
Like the final version used by Ambassador Rice on the Sunday shows, the CIA's first drafts said the attack appeared to have been "spontaneously inspired by the protests at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo" but the CIA version went on to say, "That being said, we do know that Islamic extremists with ties to al-Qa'ida participated in the attack." The draft went on to specifically name the al Qaeda-affiliated group named Ansar al-Sharia.
Once again, Nuland objected to naming the terrorist groups because "we don't want to prejudice the investigation."
In response, an NSC staffer coordinating the review of the talking points wrote back to Nuland, "The FBI did not have major concerns with the points and offered only a couple minor suggestions."
After the talking points were edited slightly to address Nuland's concerns, she responded that changes did not go far enough.
"These changes don't resolve all of my issues or those of my buildings leadership," Nuland wrote.
In an email dated 9/14/12 at 9:34 p.m. - three days after the attack and two days before Ambassador Rice appeared on the Sunday shows - Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes wrote an email saying the State Department's concerns needed to be addressed.
"We must make sure that the talking points reflect all agency equities, including those of the State Department, and we don't want to undermine the FBI investigation. We thus will work through the talking points tomorrow morning at the Deputies Committee meeting."
Story continues
President Erdoğan to deliver luxury car to top cleric
ANKARA
DHA Photo
The presidency will deliver a new official car to Directorate of Religious Affairs (Diyanet) head Mehmet Görmez, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said, after the former said he would return his luxurious official vehicle.“We have decided to make a gesture, a move which suits that position, in response to impoliteness towards our directorate of religious affairs,” Erdoğan said on late May 21 in a televised interview.Asked about the Mercedes which Erdoğan said the presidency would provide, Görmez only said, “Good Friday,” to reporters on May 22.Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) co-chair Selahattin Demirtaş said May 22 that he wondered what Görmez would do with the luxury car.“There is no meaning to consecrate the Diyanet. In the end, it's a state institution,” Demirtaş said. He questioned the reason for the harsh reactions whenever the Diyanet is criticized, noting that the Education Ministry and Treasury were also criticized from time to time.Görmez should be a model to society, rather than feeling bound to politics and the bureaucracy, he noted.“A religious man should not take orders from either state or the government. He should be bound to the orders of Allah,” he added.Görmez, Turkey's top cleric, has said he would return his 1 million Turkish Lira ($435,000) official car that was recently purchased, following strong criticism from opposition parties and the public. Yet, Erdoğan said he would have rejected the return of the car if had been informed beforehand.The purchase of a Mercedes S500 sedan for the cleric, in addition to 14 Toyota cars for the Diyanet's general directors and 16 minibuses for general use, elicited a strong reaction against the directorate.The Diyanet announced on Dec. 13, 2014, that the purchases had been made with state funds, not with citizens' private donations.Earlier in December, Görmez was featured in international media when he met Pope Francis, during the latter's historic visit to Turkey. It was reported that the Turkish authorities had refused the Pope's request for “a humble car” in Ankara on the grounds of security. Nevertheless, in Istanbul, the pontiff surprised many onlookers when he arrived in a modest vehicle bearing a civilian license plate.
Protesters line the street Wednesday outside the Springdale office of U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton after a meeting at the office reportedly was canceled without explanation. - Photo by J.T. Wampler
More than 100 people protested Wednesday outside the Springdale office of U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton, objecting to Republican policies and their lack of access to the state's junior senator.
Members of Ozark Indivisible say they had visited the offices of the D.C. representatives from their area, and Cotton's representatives were the only ones who refused to hear their concerns.
"We have gone to Sen. [John] Boozman's office, and we have gone to Congressman [Steve] Womack's office, and we've had no issues talking with his staff. But Sen. Cotton, all of his offices are locked," Caitlynn Moses, one of the group's organizers, said in a telephone interview.
Unlike the other members of the Arkansas congressional delegation, Cotton requires constituents to schedule appointments to visit his in-state offices.
The activists had obtained an appointment for Wednesday, but Cotton's representative canceled it without explanation Tuesday afternoon, the Fayetteville woman said.
"I replied after I saw the email, at 1:46 -- less than 20 minutes after I got it," Moses said. "I said that canceling an appointment that I'd had for two weeks with less than 24 hours advance notice and no mention of rescheduling was unacceptable. I got no response to the email. No one answered the phone. No one returned the messages I left."
Cotton's staff members had already rescheduled the meeting once and had capped the number of visitors at five, Moses said.
Moses expressed frustration with the barriers Cotton has in place and questioned why he isn't holding town hall meetings where voters are free to speak to him.
[EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox]
"He doesn't want to talk to us. He doesn't think he has to talk to us. It's frustrating, that's for sure," the Fayetteville woman said.
A spokesman for the senator, C̶a̶r̶o̶l̶y̶n̶* Caroline Rabbitt, said the staff member had been unable to attend because of personal reasons and that another date would be arranged. She indicated that Cotton will hold town hall meetings in Arkansas later this year, although no dates have been set.
Originally, Ozark Indivisible members planned to voice their support for the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. But their agenda expanded after President Donald Trump issued new executive orders and picked key members of the new administration.
At the time of the scheduled appointment Wednesday, at least 120 protesters lined both sides of Old Missouri Road in front of Cotton's local office, which was locked and had the lights turned off. Many waved signs opposing Trump's executive order restricting refugees' travel or calling for the continuation of the Affordable Care Act. Drivers in some of the cars traveling along the street honked as they passed.
The Northwest Arkansas protesters weren't the only ones unable to visit with Cotton staff members.
Activists were also denied entry this week at Cotton's Little Rock office.
Signs are posted on Cotton's office doors, stating: "Entrance by appointment only" and "Absolutely no photography or recording without prior permission."
Sarah Scanlon, a Democrat who ran U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign in Arkansas, posted video of the protesters being turned away Tuesday after they sought a meeting in Cotton's Little Rock office.
Scanlon and others had met once last month with one of Cotton's representatives, later posting video of the exchange online.
Cotton's office restrictions, she said, are inappropriate.
"We're the people that put him into office. He's representing Arkansas. How does he represent us if he doesn't give us an opportunity to express our opinions?" Scanlon said.
The decision to block visitors is a break from past administrations. Traditionally, Arkansans have been free to stop by their lawmakers' district offices.
In a text, former U.S. Sen. Mark Pryor said he had an open-door policy when he represented the state.
"My view was that Arkansans were always welcome in my office," the Democrat said. "It was really their office after all."
Former U.S. Sen. Blanche Lincoln also allowed visitors to stop by unannounced, according to Robert Holifield, who was staff director of the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry when Lincoln, a Democrat, was its chairman.
It was "not uncommon that someone would just walk in and want to talk to someone about a particular issue," he said.
Rabbitt said the appointments policy was instituted when the senator took office in January 2015.
"For the safety and security of our staff, we prefer for people to make an appointment to see them. In addition, our staff is often traveling around the state serving constituents, so it's better for scheduling purposes if you make an appointment," she said.
A meeting with members of Ozark Indivisible will take place at a later date, she said. "We apologized in our email, and we understand they're upset and we look forward to rescheduling," she added.
The restrictions adopted by Cotton's office haven't caught on with others in the Arkansas congressional delegation, all Republicans.
"All AR-1 constituents are welcome and are in fact encouraged to visit either my D.C. office or one of my district offices in Jonesboro, Cabot, or Mountain Home. While an appointment is not necessary, we will be better prepared to assist constituents if they call the office in advance," said the 1st District's U.S. Rep. Rick Crawford of Jonesboro via email. "I think it's important to maintain an open-door policy so that folks know that they have that direct link to their Representative in the U.S. Congress."
His other colleagues from Arkansas have similar policies.
"We'll meet with anyone that wants to come in and have a meeting. That's basically it," said Ryan Saylor, a spokesman for U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman.
Mike Siegel, a spokesman for U.S. Rep. French Hill of Little Rock, said the congressman's Conway office welcomed a group of College Democrats earlier this week.
"We have a very open policy towards visitors," he said. "We want them to be able to voice their opinion and know that we're listening."
Claire Burghoff, a spokesman for Womack of Rogers, said appointments are welcome but "certainly not required."
"The office is there to serve our constituents," she said.
The office of Boozman of Rogers doesn't turn anyone away, his spokesman Patrick Creamer said.
Whenever constituents share their views about legislation with staff members in Arkansas, the information is forwarded to the senator on Capitol Hill, he said.
"Arkansans are always welcome to come share their views, and the staff does relay that [information] to Sen. Boozman," he added.
Currently, it's Trump opponents who are trying to get their Republican lawmakers' attention. But in past years, when the Democrats were in power, opponents of President Barack Obama were often the ones voicing frustration.
Holifield, the former Lincoln staff member, said he remembers what it's like to hear from large numbers of unhappy constituents.
People were especially vocal, he noted, during the debate over the Affordable Care Act, legislation that Lincoln ultimately supported.
"We met with a lot of big groups that were absolutely opposed to positions that Sen. Lincoln was taking," he said.
Holifield also remembers trying to balance safety and accessibility, worrying about the well-being of the young men and women who performed so much of the office's work.
"It's not easy being a U.S. senator, it's not easy running a Senate office, it's not easy being a staffer," he said.
Metro on 02/02/2017
*CORRECTION: U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton's spokesman is Caroline Rabbitt. A previous version of this story misspelled her first name.
More images from McMurdo, Antarctica ©Cherie Ude
Nacreous clouds are wave clouds. They are often found downwind of mountain ranges which induce gravity waves in the lower stratosphere. Their sheet-like forms slowly undulate and stretch as the waves evolve. The clouds can also be associated with very high surface winds which may indicate the presence of, or induce, winds and waves in the stratosphere.
They form at temperatures of around minus 85ºC, colder than average lower stratophere temperatures, and are comprised of ice particles ~10µm across. The clouds must be composed of similar sized crystals to produce the characteristic bright iridescent colours by diffraction and interference.
Nacreous clouds are a type of Polar Stratospheric Cloud (PSC).
POLAR STRATOSPHERIC CLOUDS Type II
Nacreous clouds composed of ice crystals with temperatures of ~minus 85ºC. Type I
Less spectacular than nacreous clouds, more diffuse and less bright colours. Sometimes nacreous clouds are embedded in them. Type I clouds are slightly warmer (~ minus 78ºC) than Type II and are composed of exotic solids or liquid droplets.
Type Ia
Crystalline compounds of water and nitric acid - especially NAT, nitric acid trihydrate HNO 3 .3H 2 O Type Ib
Small spherical droplets of a solution of nitric and sulphuric acids. Type Ic
Small non spherical particles of a metastable nitric acid - water phase
PSCs were long regarded as curiosities and of no real consequence. However, Type I clouds are now known as sites of harmful destruction of stratospheric ozone over the Antarctic and Arctic. Their surfaces act as catalysts which convert more benign forms of man-made chlorine into active free radicals (for example ClO, chlorine monoxide). During the return of Spring sunlight these radicals destroy many ozone molecules in a series of chain reactions. Cloud formation is doubly harmful because it also removes gaseous nitric acid from the stratosphere which would otherwise combine with ClO to form less reactive forms of chlorine.
The Labour Party finds itself in a horrible place as parliament rises for the summer break. A dozen weeks since our overwhelming election defeat, Labour MPs are full of gallows humour and quiet despair – because, in choosing our new leader, we are making four of the same mistakes we made in 2010. First, like Gordon Brown after his defeat, Ed Miliband stood down as leader immediately. He hoped that the party could have “an open and honest debate about the right way forward, without constraint”. That debate has not materialised and we are having a family row with the Labour selectorate instead of a discussion with the British electorate.
Second, we are once again in a drawn-out leadership race that will exhaust the candidates, while David Cameron chillaxes on three summer holidays and Tim Farron and Nicola Sturgeon rally their troops for the battles ahead. Whoever is elected as leader will be drained by the campaign but have to start work right away. The first big test will be a speech to the trade union congress, which starts the day after the winner is announced on 12 September. The leader must then appoint a shadow cabinet, prepare for Prime Minister's Questions, rebuild morale and write a cracker of a conference speech.
Third, we have a left-wing candidate on the ballot “for balance”. During the 2010 leadership election, David Miliband “lent” nominations to other candidates to ensure that Diane Abbott and Andy Burnham could take part. This made the transfers of voting under the single transferable vote system less predictable and, arguably, deprived David of the three or four extra MPs' votes he needed to win. David's legacy to Labour, which made it normal – Blairite, even – to put a left-winger on the ballot “to have a broad debate”, has dragged the leadership campaign to the left. Unfortunately, the electorate has moved to the centre right.
When I was still seeking MP nominations for the leadership, party members trolled me on Twitter, asking me to put Jeremy Corbyn on the ballot. I don't believe in nominating someone I don't intend to vote for. Corbyn's presence on the ballot and his storming performances at hustings and in the constituency nominations have raised the prospect that he might win. That prospect, I'm sure, is as uncomfortable for him as it is alarming for the Parliamentary Labour Party.
Fourth, the centre ground remains a toxic place, with anyone who suggests that we listen to the public branded as a Blairite or a Tory, including, risibly, Harriet Harman. A colleague remarked to me, “You can blame Tony Blair for many things but you can't blame him for winning three elections” – and, through those victories, lifting a million pensioners and a million children out of poverty, building a fairer workplace through the minimum wage and holiday entitlement, stopping mass murder in Sierra Leone and Kosovo, greening the economy and improving the lives of millions of people in the poorest countries of the world.
The public barely registers Labour's leadership election, so rich in the narcissism of small differences. When we do make the news, people notice our internal divisions on the same issues that led them to reject us on 7 May: economic credibility, immigration, welfare. The challenges of technological change, housing and the migrant crisis in the Mediterranean are forgotten as the party debates whether Jeremy should have a seat in the shadow cabinet, or whether mothers make better leaders. People long for a centre-left party that speaks to the challenges of their lives, offers hope for their families and charts a course through choppy waters.
Significant international challenges lie ahead. As progressives, we must apply our values to shape Britain's place in the world. Labour must resist the siren call of the left, which is busy learning the wrong lessons from Greece's latest bailout. As the Labour MEP Richard Corbett points out, the Greeks had already had one long-term (30 years), low-interest (1.7 per cent) bailout from the IMF and the eurozone and the private sector had written off half of Greek debt. The Syriza/far-right coalition's chaotic approach has led the Greek economy – which had returned to growth – to plunge back into recession, with the summer holiday period wiped out as tourists cancel their trips.
Yet those on the British left have branded the situation in Greece – Syriza's referendum, capital controls and bank closures that have left crucial medical supplies running short – as a “coup” by Germany. They have started wondering whether Britain should stay in the EU, ignoring the social, economic, environmental and security gains that UK membership has brought us.
Labour is not yet in the place where we can say with confidence: “The only way is up.” Early findings from the “lessons learned” report commissioned by Harriet suggest that voters think that Labour simply does not understand their lives. We are in danger of becoming the political equivalent of Millwall Football Club. Their chant? “No one likes us, we don't care.”
Andy Burnham has diagnosed one problem correctly – Labour has lost its emotional connection with the electorate. The solution is not to talk about rebuilding that connection but to do it. People vote not solely on the basis of which leader they would like to go down the pub with but on hard-headed calculations about which party is best for the economy and their family.
Yvette Cooper has rightly diagnosed that Cameron has a woman problem and she has a huge range of ministerial experience. Liz Kendall has told the uncomfortable truths that the party needs to hear. Both rightly talk about the need to campaign from the head and the heart. I am still undecided as to which woman I can see as a Labour prime minister in 2020, but I'll be putting one of them at the top of my ballot as our best chance of winning.
Mary Creagh is the MP for Wakefield
Canadian lawmakers weren't exactly in the Halloween spirit when they approved a new bill on Wednesday. The legislation makes it illegal to wear masks during riots and protests. Guilty parties could face up to 10 years in prison.
Bill C-309 passed with a vote of 153 to 126 in the Canadian Parliament. It will now move on to the Senate.
If it becomes law, mask-wearers at riots face up to 10 years in jail. Those busted wearing a disguise at an unlawful protest could be sentenced to up to five years in the big house.
The sanctions would not apply to those taking part in peaceful demonstrations or protests.
Parliamentarian Blake Richards, who sponsored the bill, says the measure is aimed at targeting the “growing threat” of vandalism and violence.
Lawmakers are particularly targeting the Blak Bloc anarchist group, whose members dress in black and hide their faces with glasses, scarves, and hoods. The group engaged in violence during the Quebec student protests earlier this year.
MPs supporting the bill are unsurprisingly thrilled that it passed through parliament.
"To have the support of the house, to get the bill through, obviously we're on the way to where we want to be, which is having the opportunity to better protect public safety," Richards said in a statement.
The legislation was brought forward as a response to the 2011 Stanley Cup riots in Vancouver.
Police documented 15,000 criminal acts during the riots, but were able to make very few charges because they couldn't identify the people involved.
However, not everyone is so quick to support the bill. Some say it could be the beginning of a slippery slope.
"I don't think people understand the implications that it has — when does wearing a toque low on your face become a mask? Are we going to ban people from appearing in a protest because they are wearing a burqa? Are we going to say that on a cold day that people can't wear a mask?" Interim Liberal Leader Bob Rae said in a statement.
Liberal MP Carolyn Bennett said the bill could have unintended consequences by encouraging pre-emptive arrests, which may lead to lawsuits by demonstrators who feel they were unlawfully detained.
Other opposition members say the bill is unnecessary because it merely criminalizes what is already criminal.
It is already illegal to wear a disguise while committing an offense, including rioting. However, unlawful assemblies do not fall under the current law.
The bill is controversial as it makes it difficult to draw a line between a peaceful demonstration and unlawful gathering, Michael Forian, reporter at CJAD Radio, told RT.
“What this law basically does is that it will criminalize people who are in protest if the police of that city deem the protest to be an unlawful assembly,” he argues.
“Let's look at Montreal for example and any major city in Quebec, where if you are 50 people or more in a peaceful protest, a non-violent protest – that could be deemed an unlawful assembly if you have not presented your itinerary, and the directions of your protest routes to the police force of the municipality on Quebec.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
An astonishing video showing an elderly woman standing tall against two ISIS militants has emerged online.
Showing spine-tingling bravery, the unidentified woman calls the two men, who are sat in a car, "devils" and urges them to "turn back to God".
One of the fighter, likely unused to such defiance, asks: "Grandmother, what do you mean?
"Everything is good between us, right?"
She ignores his answer and says: "Do not slaughter anyone and nobody will slaughter you.
(Image: Getty)
"It's all forbidden. I swear nothing you have done was in the way of God.
"Not one of you will win anything, not you or Bashar (Al-Assad, the president of Syria, which is fighting ISIS)
Her face twisting in fury, she spits: "It's all s*** making us go backward. None of you is good.
"God will not stop the regime nor will he make you successful."
One of the men tells the woman to go away, but she is undeterred by his dismissal.
She said: "You only keep killing each other like donkeys
"Your state (ISIS) is cursed."
She then quotes from the Koran, the Islamic holy book so crudely twisted by the evil regime: "If two parties of the believers quarrel, make peace between them.
"But if one of them acts wrongfully towards the other, fight that which acts wrongfully.
"You don't want this slaughtering, nor do you want this murder."
Chillingly, the man quotes an ISIS slogan in response: "We have come to you with slaughter."
His implied threat fails to scare the woman, who continues: "We did destroy generations before you when they were unjust. We recompense the guilty.
"God is watching what you are doing.
"Those who deny our verses and are arrogant towards them, the gates of heaven will not be opened for them, nor will they enter paradise."
It is not known what her fate was after her extraordinary tirade.
The video emerged as U.S.-led forces hit Islamic State targets in Iraq with 12 air strikes and three air strikes in Syria since Wednesday, the U.S. military said.
Four strikes near Mosul and three near Kirkuk hit Islamic State tactical units, bulldozers, vehicles, buildings and heavy machine guns, the Combined Joint Task Force said in a statement on Thursday.
It said the other strikes hit tactical units in Makhmur and Tal Afar, a mortar position near al Asad and earthen berms used to control water near Falluja.
The strikes in Syria destroyed six militant fighting positions near Kobani and "multiple" oil pump jacks near al Hasaka, the statement said.
So after being part of several infertility boards I have noticed a trend of pity me parties. Before you think I am a terrible person and don't understand anything, please hear me out. I am the first one to understand we all have hard days and need some encouragement...hell...I've even thrown the pity party on a board before (after finding out a friend was knocked up with baby number 3 and I had a "few" glasses of wine), so what if these boards had a pity party day where everyone can air their stories about why they are having a hard time, so those who need to stay away from those stories that week know to avoid the page that day? I know we day bad days can come at anytime and you may be 6 days away from the next pity party day but what about saying, "having a hard day, could use a few encouraging words".
One of the first steps in grieving is acceptance. Maybe because as soon as I went off birth control I knew something was not right, and was diagnosed pretty quickly in the grand scheme of things; acceptance came easily to me. After several emotional breakdowns, I really had to make that conscious decision that I could not live like this, so that is when I began to accept that kids may not happen. The more I just sat with that idea the more ok I became with being part of the Auntie Brigade. Elizabeth Gilbert talks about the Auntie Brigade in her book Committed; stating that Aunties are an integral part of the society because they are the ones their families can turn to in a bind. Often able to accrue education and resources precisely because they were childless, these women had enough spare income and compassion to pay for lifesaving operations, or to rescue the family farm, or to take in a child whose mother had fallen gravely ill. I have a friend who calls these sorts of child-rescuing aunties “sparents”— “spare parents” — and the world is filled with them. (Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed). Reading this lead me to think about my own family and my own Aunties; I was lucky enough to have two, one was actually my great Auntie who was never able to have her own children, and the other Auntie (my parent the youngest sibling) who chose not to have her own children. Both have played major parts in my life, both being as loving and caring as any parent while being spoiling their nieces and nephews!
A few quotes to consider when thinking about the FBI's role in the final days before the election.
From Reuters …
Two law enforcement sources familiar with the FBI's New York Field Office, which initially discovered the emails, said a faction of investigators based in the office is known to be hostile to Hillary Clinton. A spokeswoman for the FBI's New York office said she had no knowledge about this.
From the Wall Street Journal …
As a result of those complaints, these people said, a senior Justice Department official called the FBI deputy director, Mr. McCabe, on Aug. 12 to say the agents in New York seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions [regarding investigations of the Clinton Foundation], these people said.
From the Washington Post …
Justice Department attorneys and FBI officials in Washington viewed the agents' presentation as lacking substantive evidence. The attorneys felt it relied too heavily on public reports and the book “Clinton Cash,” and denied the agents authority to move forward, according to people familiar with the discussions. The 2015 book, by conservative author Peter Schweizer, relied heavily on public records and presented a largely circumstantial case that State Department actions were driven by donations to the Clinton Foundation and payments to Bill Clinton. The move frustrated some agents in New York. They felt they were being stymied by Justice Department higher-ups in Washington and pressed forward in ways they felt were permissible, according to people familiar with the case.
From The Guardian …
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. “The FBI is Trumpland,” said one current agent.
From Wayne Barrett's look at Giuliani's and a top Trumper's relationship with the FBI's New York field office …
The man who now leads “lock-her-up” chants at Trump rallies spent decades of his life as a federal prosecutor and then mayor working closely with the FBI, and especially its New York office. One of Giuliani's security firms employed a former head of the New York FBI office, and other alumni of it. It was agents of that office, probing Anthony Weiner's alleged sexting of a minor, who pressed Comey to authorize the review of possible Hillary Clinton-related emails on a Weiner device that led to the explosive letter the director wrote Congress. Hours after Comey's letter about the renewed probe was leaked on Friday, Giuliani went on a radio show and attributed the director's surprise action to “the pressure of a group of FBI agents who don't look at it politically.”
As Barrett pointed out, two days before the Comey letter broke, Giuliani said on Fox News: “I think he's [Donald Trump] got a surprise or two that you're going to hear about in the next few days. I mean, I'm talking about some pretty big surprises.”
Then this morning, in answer to whether he knew about the ‘anger' among the FBI agents and the the new emails that led to the Comey letter, Giuliani said: “I did nothing to get it out, I had no role in it. Did I hear about it? You're darn right I heard about it, and I can't even repeat the language that I heard from the former FBI agents.”
EncrypGen's Thanksgiving Update: Hang On To Your Genes!
EncrypGen.com Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 23, 2017
In brief:
Encrypgen's Gene-Chain is way ahead of the road-map development.
The Genome Portal & genomic testing partnership are targeting mid-Dec.
Gene-Chain Light (GCL) app will start at $99, & be released by New Years.
New website is about 2 weeks away. DNA token commercialized by 2018.
There are a few times in a person's life when they feel like they're truly part of something extraordinary or ground-breaking.
For those that have experienced this excitement, they know that it is mostly hard work, persistence, and surrounding yourself with talented people.
Enter Dr. David Koepsell, CEO and founder of EncrypGen. His company hasn't even finished the first year of their fund raise, but that hasn't stopped him from trailblazing a genomics path at breakneck speed. Today David gave a much-anticipated update regarding some of the developments of his Gene-Chain technology, and also fielded questions later on in his Discord channel. I'll try my best to lay out that information here.
1. In addition to Gene-Chain customer Codigo46, there are two new companies that are very interested in purchasing Gene-Chain nodes.
Without naming any names, one is a boutique-sized testing company that has been established for a decade within the genomics field. Their Gene-Chain node would allow them to provide genomic testing results to their customers securely. This company is also on the same wave-length as EncrypGen regarding individuals owning their own genetic data. They are discussing, quite eagerly, the idea of a partnership.
The other is a small company that does DNA analysis, and also has plans to do forensic work. Again, their node would enable secure sharing of data with their customers and clients. Philosophically, they're also completely on-board with customers owning their own genetic data.
2. EncrypGen is in closed talks with multiple genomics testing companies, and is in the last steps of finalizing a partnership. The chosen mystery company is also a member of the Global Screening Array Consortia. This partnership will allow the general public to provide their DNA to the Genome Portal, where it can then be exposed to research for a small fee paid in DNA tokens.
Dr. Koepsell is looking to work with companies that are competitive. The genomics tests will come in about the same-or-less as companies like 23andMe. That price-point can be anywhere from $99–$150 USD for tests of various kinds. Unlike the companies that produce testing that is generally not effective for medicine or research, per se, the company David is currently working with has been certified for various medical applications.
These medical applications impressed Dr. Koepsell, because the data sets they generate are not heavy, but they're extremely useful. The chosen testing company would share costs and profits with EncrypGen. David envisions an affiliate discount as well. The preferred testing partner will be announced very soon.
“We are certain that our token-holders are a good start for populating the Gene-Chain early on, and this is something that is motivating our discussions about working with testing vendors. So, imagine you redeem some tokens from a preferred vendor discount for a test, then the vendor knows where the customer came from, and we [automatically] get their data on the Gene-Chain and give them a private key to their data…people who have already been tested can of course upload their data.”
3. EncrypGen is developing multiple ways for individuals to enter the Gene-Chain ecosystem. David announced that come Christmas time, there will be a Gene-Chain Light app that will allow customers worldwide to search for, request, and buy genomic data using the native DNA tokens.
The light app is expected to debut at $99, and will allow all sorts of students, bio-hackers, bioinformaticians, entrepreneurs, and the biology hobbyist world to dream up novel applications and build out the ecosystem. This will allow for an affordable on-ramp to EncrypGen's Genome Portal for a lot less than purchasing a commercial Gene-Chain node, and the GCL app will give them access to interact with data they would otherwise never be able to touch.
If a university wanted to access new sets of data without uploading their own, they would get the GCL app and search for relevant data sets, and purchase the metadata for these sets. It's that easy. With this type of ease of use, the GCL app will serve as a great entry into the full product.
4. Dr. Koepsell and team continue to meet with VCs, and this effort will continue into different venues. “They've become very excited by the acceleration of the consumer product, which surprises us, because usually B2B is the favored model.”
EncrypGen's Gene-Chain utilizes the power of Artificial Intelligence to make sense of huge data sets that make up our DNA.
5. Recently installed was nothing less than the Nvidia DGX-1 Artificial Intelligence super-computer that hooks up to the Gene-Chain and its huge stores of data. It sounds like over-kill, but the average length of human DNA stretched out is approximately 70 return-trips to the sun.
“Regarding the super-computer, we can now train it to index incoming data of various formats, so that researchers can find what they need. It is much faster and better at machine learning and deep learning than the computers that we were accessing previously.”
“We expect that the more data that comes in of various forms, the better the system will get at recognizing common variants and genes. Most existing systems use off-the-shelf parsing, but with something like an SNP data set vs. exome or sequence data, there is a real opportunity for mismatch.”
6. Why limit yourself to just the human species? What if grandma wants to save the DNA from her favorite kitten? Every species' DNA will be available for upload and retrieval on the Gene-Chain.
EncrypGen is going to include the ability to upload the DNA of other species as well. You want to upload your dog's DNA? No problem! There's no reason whatsoever for EncrypGen to limit data sets to just one species. Also, the microbiome, disease, or pathogen DNA is also very valuable for research.
It's interesting to note that if you've got a rare condition or set of metadata, you could package that up and sell it on the Gene-Chain. With the auction style user-interface of the Gene-Chain, this means that an individual can set the bid price when they publish their data, and see if requesters are interested. Through the Genome Portal that is in development, providers of DNA will be able to see when others pay for access with the DNA token.
It's not uncommon to have a knee jerk response to Bob Thiele and George David Weiss' now-ubiquitous “What a Wonderful World.”
The quality of your reaction is likely determined by your worldview.
A misty-eyed bride-to-be browsing tunes for her upcoming reception's father-daughter dance will not be coming at things from the same angle as the directors of Bowling for Columbine, Good Morning, Vietnam, and---unexpectedly---Madagascar.
The first version, sung by an aging Louis Armstrong, remains definitive, though it was dismissed at first by record execs, who hoped for another rollicking chart topper along in the “Hello, Dolly!” model.
As Jack Doyle notes on the Pop History Dig, Armstrong dug the song, and performed it often, hoping to strike a chord of hope and optimism during a period of great civil unrest:
Seems to me it ain't the world that's so bad but what we're doing to it, and all I'm saying is: see what a wonderful world it would be if only we'd give it a chance. Love, baby, love. That's the secret…
The song's white authors shared his view, and hoped his crossover appeal would promote feelings of racial harmony on all sides of the record-buying public. It was a hit in the UK, but a slow starter in the US, not really catching on until its appearance on Good Morning, Vietnam's soundtrack (1987).
Half a century after its release, "What a Wonderful World” has entered the pantheon, as anyone with a television and ears can attest.
Its simple lyrics involving roses, rainbows, and babies have resulted in a number of hideously syrupy covers. With so many choices, it's almost impossible to pick a least-favorite. Their gooeyness does a disservice to the power of the original.
What's so poignant about the performance, above, are the moments where the darkness cuts through the treacle, ever so briefly. Check out Armstrong's expressions at :25, :50, and 1:49, and interpret it how you will.
It's worth noting that the nightly news was monopolized by reports of the war in Vietnam and the struggle for civil rights at home. Armstrong's health was in decline. The realities of his own New Orleans childhood were far more complex than the crayon-bright vision painted by the lyrics.
A montage of bombings and peaceful demonstrators being stomped underfoot would've seemed premature at such an early stage in the song's history, so Armstrong smiled through, as he laid the groundwork for later performers' layered interpretations. Some of the ones we find most compelling are below:
Nick Cave & the Pogues' Shane MacGowan unhappiness has them reeling off their stools, even as they shake hands to comic effect.
Ministry's sinister take opens with a lovely lonely piano that, like the listener's eardrums, gets plowed under by a massive attack of industrial noise.
Joey Ramone had already been diagnosed with the cancer that cut his life short when he recorded his version, that ends on a note of unabashed pop-punk joy.
Related Content:
The Cleanest Recordings of 1920s Louis Armstrong Songs You'll Ever Hear
The Only Known Footage of Louis Armstrong in a Recording Studio: Watch the Recently-Discovered Film (1959)
“What a Wonderful World,” Louis Armstrong's Classic, Performed with Traditional Chinese Instruments
Ayun Halliday is an author, illustrator, theater maker and Chief Primatologist of the East Village Inky zine. Follow her @AyunHalliday.
Have you ever looked up at the night sky and wondered what kinds of life might exist out there? Well, you can look down – at your belly button that is – and wonder the exact same thing.
According to research published today in PLOS ONE, the belly button is home to an array of bacterial life ranging from the common (like Staphylococci) to the rare (like Archaea which have never been found before on human skin). Some bacteria, like those belonging to the Bacillus genus (pictured above), are feisty – they battle against fungi and viruses. Other bacteria, like those in the Micrococcus genus, are responsible for body odor!
All of this and more were found in the belly buttons of various participants in the study. The authors, led by Dr. Robert Dunn, identified over 2000 phylotypes (i.e., different types or species) of bacteria, most of which were rare and found in less than a tenth of the study's sixty participants. No one particular phylotype was found in every person, but those that were common were shared by over seventy percent of belly buttons swabbed. What a bacterial ball!
We invited Dr. Dunn, the corresponding author of the study, to help give us some insight on the aptly named “A Jungle in There: Bacteria in Belly Buttons are Highly Diverse, but Predictable”.
What was the impetus behind your research?
We originally started this project as pure outreach, to help people understand the w onderful ecological system that covers them from head to toe, inside and out. We found that people were very interested in seeing cultures of what lived on them but as we looked at the cultures it became clear there were more species (and simply more interesting things) growing on people than we expected. At some point the project went from outreach to science. […] Darwin got to […] go to the Galapagos, we decided to travel to the navel of the hair[y] guy who we see in the elevator sometimes.
Why choose belly buttons?
In our experience, the belly button is among the most ridiculous parts of the body. It is ridiculous enough that people who don't necessarily like nature, say for example birds, can still be convinced to sample their belly button. […] The other reasons were more technical. The belly button is relatively less disturbed than, say, your hands. It is less exposed to all the chemicals and other people we bump up against during an ordinary day. In that way it is the closest thing we might find to an “old growth” sample of skin. Finally, it is worth noting that there are other body parts that are ecologically interesting but that we have found, and maybe this is just us being too old-fashioned, are awkward to sample at public science events.
What kinds of lessons do you hope the public takes away from the research?
That we know very little about the species on our bodies and around us in our daily lives. The species in your belly button or armpits, they are an important part of your first line of immune defense, and yet right now no one can explain to you why you have the species you have on your body. I know of no single study that is able to explain the differences in skin bacteria from one person to the next. That is a big mystery, not quite the pyramids of Egypt big, but big, and it is living and dividing on you right now. I'd like people to be more aware of that mystery and that the unknown, biologically speaking, is not just something far away, it is also the funny place that lint accumulates.
It is worth saying, in this context, that while we can now predict which bacteria tend to be frequent and common in belly buttons, we are totally unable to predict which of the common species will be found on any particular person. Gender doesn't seem to matter, nor does age, nor does innie/outie, nor does where you live now or where you were born. So that is what we are moving toward, trying to understand what governs the species that are found on any particular person […] and how we might alter our behavior in ways to favor species that keep us healthy and disfavor those that do us harm.
If others are interested in taking part or learning more about it, how would you recommend that they proceed?
Sign up at our mailing list and you can get emails about our next projects. Right now people can participate in projects on ants in their backyards, camel crickets in their basements and microbes in their kitchen, but as new mysteries turn up there will be more. Armpits, for example, are on the horizon. Oh, the armpits….
Participants in this study came from many walks of life: People curious about their spouse's belly buttons, teachers wanting to find ways to engage their students in the microbial world around them, researchers, museum visitors, science writers and others. Read more of their stories at the links below:
http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/loom/2011/06/27/discovering-my-microbiome-you-my-friend-are-a-wonderland/
http://www.newscientist.com/blogs/shortsharpscience/2011/06/peter-aldhous-san-francisco-bu.html
http://www.yourwildlife.org/2012/08/its-the-pits/
If you would like to learn more about future projects you can visit the project's home page: Belly Button Biodiversity.
Citation:
Hulcr J, Latimer AM, Henley JB, Rountree NR, Fierer N, et al. (2012) A Jungle in There: Bacteria in Belly Buttons are Highly Diverse, but Predictable. PLoS ONE 7(11): e47712. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0047712
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Micrococcus
http://www.wildlifeofyourbody.org/
The image above can be found on the project's home page.
Lars van der Haar opens his 2014-15 World Cup defense with a dominating victory over Kevin Pauwels in the season kickoff at Valkenburg
Lars van der Haar (Giant-Shimano) opened his World Cup title defense on Sunday with a dominating solo victory at the series opener in Valkenburg, the Netherlands.
Van der Haar got away from Kevin Pauwels as the Sunweb-Napoleon Games rider slid out on a bumpy descent, and that was all the advantage the Dutch champion needed.
He added to his advantage with each go-round, and raced into bell lap with a lead of more than a minute over a six-man chase containing Telenet-Fidea teammates Tom Meeusen, Corne Van Kessel and Thijs Van Amerongen; Philipp Walsleben (BKCP-Powerplus); and Sunweb teammates Pauwels and Klaas Vantornout.
Grinning as he punched the air, van der Haar took the first World Cup victory of the season with a half-minute in hand over the pursuit. Pauwels proved best of the rest, attacking late in the final lap for second. Van Kessel followed for third.
“After the first lap I just felt like I could win today. It just went perfect,” said van der Haar. “I didn't expect to be this early alone, because Kevin Pauwels was really strong.
“I really came for the podium. I tried to get that pressure off a little bit, but after the first lap I felt I could win, and then I went full for the win.
“I've raced here now four times and I've won four times, so that's pretty good.”
U.S. champion Jeremy Powers (Rapha-Focus) hit the line ninth at 1:10.
Hot day, fast start
It was a hot day, and riders were hitting the pits not for bikes, but for beverages.
Francis Mourey (FDJ.fr) and Jonathan Page (Fuji-Spy) were off and running with first-lap mechanicals as van der Haar quickly took command.
Meeusen and Pauwels worked their way up to him and it was a three-man group off the front, with Mourey and Gianni Vermeersch (Sunweb) chasing.
With seven to go van der Haar was on point and fighting to open a gap. Behind, German champion Walsleben caught Mourey and Vermeersch early in the lap.
A lap further along the lead trio still had a solid 15-second advantage over Walsleben, who had moved ahead of the other chasers.
Again van der Haar tried to ride away from his companions. But Pauwels stuck close, with Meeusen a few bike lengths behind, as Walsleben worked his way forward. Belgian champion Sven Nys (Crelan-AA Drink) was in a group of six a few seconds behind.
Pauwels soon rejoined van der Haar, but Meeusen was having trouble making the junction, chasing some six seconds back.
Pauwels crashes, van der Haar attacks
And then Pauwels slid out on a bumpy descent and van der Haar gave it the gas.
Heading into five laps to go van der Haar was all alone, with an 11-second gap over Meeusen and Pauwels. Walsleben was 21 seconds down in fourth and closing.
After his miscue Pauwels found it hard to stick with Meeusen, who had moved into sole possession of second.
With four to go, van der Haar remained alone, 26 seconds ahead of Meeusen and Pauwels, who had regained his composure, with Walsleben at 31 seconds. Vantornout and Nys were at 45 seconds.
Three to go saw van der Haar with a 41-second gap over Meeusen and Pauwels. Vantornout was moving up to Walsleben as behind, Nys was off the bike and struggling with a jammed chain. He would later abandon the race.
And soon it was a four-man battle for second.
With two to go van der Haar led the quartet by more than a minute, and a second chase — Telenet teammates Van Kessel and Van Amerongen — was closing in on the first. Powers and Vermeersch were just behind.
Going into the final lap van der Haar was untouchable. Vantornout tried to escape the now-six-man chase on the run-up, and then Van Kessel attacked on the flats, splitting the group in two.
Pauwels was next to go, charging out of a corner and onto the flyover. Van Kessel followed.
Two amazing performances
Ahead, van der Haar celebrated with a grin and an air-punch as he crossed the line alone. Pauwels' late attack was good enough for the runner-up spot at 26 seconds, while Van Kessel hung on for third at 34 seconds.
“I was hearing a lot [about the gaps] and I really wanted to make a half a minute quick, and I got that, then it was 40 seconds. Then I was still riding a really hard pace, but trying not to kill myself, and then it still was going up,” he said. “So then I knew this was going to be good, so I was trying to do my pace and then, if needed, I could do a little punch more, but that wasn't needed anymore.
“The last three laps were amazing, especially the last two laps I was really enjoying. Even the last lap I was even getting some goose bumps, it was really so beautiful, all the people cheering you so loud. It was amazing.”
Van Kessel, who had hoped for a top-10 finish, said it was “amazing” to finish on the podium.
“Before the race I expected top 10, and all the race I did between six and eight, and in the last lap the group in front of me didn't ride any more. I could close the gap to place two, I think,” he said. “Tom Meeusen gave a sign to me that when I close the gap I have to go directly, and I tried and only Kevin passed me the last half lap or something.
“Normally I'm not [good in the heat] but we could drink in the race, and every lap you could drink I did, and I take a bottle of water on me to cool me down. And if I didn't do that, then it was too hot for me.”
Powers pushes harder
The U.S. champion likewise had hoped for a top-10 finish, and he got one.
“It was good. It was hot for sure, but it was a good race for me,” said Powers. “I knew this was a good track and when it didn't rain the last couple of days I thought, you know, it'll be a little muddy, but generally speaking it's going to be a good race for me. I'm in good form.
“It's definitely eight more hard minutes than I'm used to, but I think that over here [in Europe] I can push harder because there are more guys at the same level. It didn't really affect me, I felt like maybe I was flat with three to go, I felt like I needed to take a break and I left off a little bit. But everyone seemed like they did.
“Generally, I'm happy with how it went because top 10 is what my goal was and I achieved that. It's a great stone from here to step through. It's a good place to start from with the beginning of the season with what I'm shooting for.”
The second round of the World Cup will be November 22 in Koksijde, Belgium.
Editor's note: Dan Seaton contributed to this report.
The kindhearted gesture was snapped and went viral (Picture: South Beds)
Is your heart warm yet? It will be once you've read the story behind this picture.
The image shows PC Chris Stevens and great-grandfather Richard Walker walking hand in hand.
The 83-year-old caught the wrong bus and was faced with a quarter-mile hike home in Kingsthorpe, Northampton.
PC Stevens spotted Richard leaning up against a wall.
He grabbed his heavy shopping bag and offered to walk the elderly man home.
A photo of the kindhearted gesture was snapped and, inevitably, went viral.
PC Chris Stevens said it's nice to see police getting recognition (Picture: PA)
Richard said: ‘I got off the bus when I realised it wasn't going on the route I thought it would take.
‘It meant I had a few hundred yards to walk and that's when the officer saw me and asked if I was alright.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘He helped me cross over the road and took hold of my shopping and walked me home. We just chatted and passed the time. He did a good job and I'm grateful.'
Mr Stevens added: ‘His wife looked a bit shocked when she opened the door and I was there with him, but he was fine.
‘It's nice that the police are getting recognition for doing good things, but it's nothing more than any of my colleagues would have done. These things happen on a daily basis up and down the country.'
MORE: Couple up all night with mangy fox after it breaks in and poos everywhere
MORE: The world reacts to the news of the Cumberbaby in a gorgeous way
Getty Images
Several of you have pointed out to us some potentially controversial messages appearing today on the Twitter account of Steelers running back Rashard Mendenhall.
Though it's not a verified account, it's being followed by other Steelers, including safety Troy Polamalu, center Maurkice Pouncey. Also, Mendenhall's account attracted attention in March, when he supported Vikings running back Adrian Peterson's comparison of pro football to slavery.
This time around, Mendenhall is offering opinions regarding the death of Osama bin Laden, and questioning whether the planes that hit the World Trade Center caused the collapse of the twin towers.
“We'll never know what really happened,” Mendenhall said. “I just have a hard time believing a plane could take a skyscraper down demolition style.”
Mendenhall also expresses sympathy for bin Laden. “What kind of person celebrates death?” Mendenhall says. “It's amazing how people can HATE a man they have never even heard speak. We've only heard one side.”
But what would the other side have been? Bin Laden admits to masterminding and funding the plot; he has bragged about it. He's not entitled to the presumption of innocence after admitting guilt.
We fully believe in free speech. Mendenhall has the right to say whatever he wants. But others also have the right to react to what he says. And given that he plays for a team headquartered near the location of the crash of United 93 and that the Steelers will be playing on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 in Baltimore, not all that far from where another plane crashed into the Pentagon, we've got a feeling that more than a few folks will be exercising their free speech rights when Mendenhall comes out onto the field.
UPDATE: Actually, it is a verified account. Well, there goes any chance he had of coming up with an excuse. Unless he plans to claim someone hacked into his account.
ADVERTISEMENT
Saudi Arabia sent 1,000 soldiers into neighboring Bahrain on Monday to help quell increasingly violent anti-government protests. While Bahrain's King Hamad bin Issa al-Khalifah, a Sunni Muslim, has offered to start a dialogue with the mostly Shiite protesters, opposition leaders have refused, demanding that the government step down, and calling the arrival of foreign troops an invasion. Saudi Arabia has problems with its own Shiite minority, and fears the unrest in Bahrain could spill over into its own oil-rich kingdom. Will the Saudis be able to quash the unrest in Bahrain? (Watch an Al Jazeera report about the Saudi intervention)
Yes, and with a novel spin: Bahrain's royal family may be calling for dialogue, says Tahiyya Lulu at The Guardian, but it also called in the "big guns" to crush the protesters. Bahrain's opposition merely wants basic rights, but the regime has falsely labeled the demonstrators as "terrorists" and is trying to make it seem as if forces from neighboring Gulf states, led by the Saudis, are protecting Bahrain.
"Bahrain's regime talks softly while bringing the big guns in"
The Saudis can try, but it won't work: "The Saudi troops may succeed in quashing the demonstrations," says Aryn Baker at TIME, but they'll only strengthen the spirit driving the uprising. The protesters' demands are reasonable: Essentially, a constitutional monarchy — not the implementation of Shariah law or the expulsion of the U.S. Fifth Fleet, which is stationed there. So the Saudi soldiers, fighting to protect "autocratic and dictatorial regimes," will ultimately wind up "on the wrong side of history."
"Why a Saudi intervention into Bahrain won't end the protests"
The Saudis claim they're not there to fight: According to Saudi Arabia, the troops have merely entered Bahrain in "a peaceful manner" to protect vital infrastructure, says Phillip Suderman at the Washington Examiner. If that's so, the arrival of soldiers from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states could be a sign that Middle Eastern nations are willing to take responsibility for stability in their own backyards. That would be an "indication that the U.S. is not needed to interfere in the nations around the region, such as Libya."
"Saudi Arabia sends troops into Bahrain, so why not Libya?"
The study of life's history on Earth is an ongoing effort to follow the thread further and further back in time. As amazing and fascinating as a few billion years' worth of fossils are, we still ultimately want that Holy Grail that illuminates the origins of life on Earth. Unfortunately, that goal collides with the fact that the earliest evidence stands the least chance of being preserved through the eons for us to find.
Each new find that purports to supplant the earliest known signs of life is virtually guaranteed to be controversial, subject to poking and prodding from skeptical scientists uncertain that every competing (non-living) explanation can be ruled out. Last August, for example, a paper claimed to show the remnants of stromatolites (small mounds built by communities of shallow water microorganisms) in 3.7 billion-year-old rocks in Greenland. Similar fossils from Australia that come in at about 3.5 billion years old are generally accepted as legit, but anything older is still subject to scientific debate.
Now, a new study led by University College London PhD student Matthew Dodd describes evidence of what the researchers believe to be seafloor bacteria that lived at least 3.7 billion years ago.
That evidence comes from rocks that are part of Quebec's Nuvvuagittuq belt, which contain some of the oldest rocks on the planet. They comprised an ancient seafloor made of volcanic rock, but there are also layers of iron minerals that precipitated out of the seawater. Those are believed to have formed near hydrothermal vents that gushed super-hot water laden with minerals. The Nuvvuagittuq rocks have proven hard to date, but they are known to be at least 3.77 billion years old, and could even be as old as 4.28 billion years—very early indeed, considering that our planet formed only a little over 4.5 billion years ago.
This is all further complicated by the fact that the Nuvvuagittuq rocks were metamorphosed under high temperature and pressure about 2.7 billion years ago. But within some jasper in the hydrothermal vent layers, the researchers found tiny tubes and filaments filled with hematite, an iron oxide mineral. The size and shape of these structures was fairly consistent (especially considering the metamorphic torture they've endured), and some pairs of tubes were connected by small “knobs.”
All this, the researchers say, is consistent with iron-oxidizing bacteria that we find at hydrothermal vents today, as well as slightly less ancient fossil examples. These bacteria build iron-oxide tubes around themselves and extend filaments out into their surroundings.
Around these familiar-looking structures, there are some even tinier bits of carbon-rich material here and there. The ratio of different carbon isotopes that are present is one good way to tell biological carbon from other sources, as organisms have a preference for lighter isotopes. In this case, the carbon that can be found in the rock does fall within the biological range—“although not unambiguously," the researchers write.
There are also some blobs ringed with magnetite, which have been seen in other rocks recognized to contain these sorts of fossils. Several minerals can be found within the blobs, which also contain bits of carbon-rich material. The researchers think that this set of minerals reflects reactions between organic matter and the iron precipitating from the hydrothermal vents—supporting a biological origin.
If the researchers are right about what they've found, this would be the oldest direct evidence of life we've ever seen. What's more, if the recent discovery of stromatolites in Greenland also turns out to be the real deal, we would be able to say that there were at least two very different types of microorganisms living in very different parts of the ocean by 3.7 billion years ago.
This new paper is particularly interesting because it involves hydrothermal vent environments, which have been proposed as a logical place where life on Earth could have had its origins. Any evidence supporting that idea also makes hydrothermal vents on other worlds look more and more like priority targets in the search for life beyond our home planet.
Of course, it's best not to get too carried away in daydreams until we're more certain about what the researchers have found in these Canadian rocks. But the University of Western Australia's David Wacey, who was not involved in this new study, told Ars that the multiple lines of evidence presented make a pretty strong case. “The morphological comparisons with younger vent-dwelling organisms are quite striking and it is rather difficult to envisage how the microstructures shown [in the paper] could be formed in a purely abiotic scenario.
“There will, no doubt, be arguments, and it may be many years before a consensus is reached, but this is how science progresses," Wacey added. "I think it will be particularly important to understand more about the regional geology of the area and perhaps try to better constrain the age of these potential organisms.
“The other exciting aspect of this report is that these potential microfossils are from a rock unit not previously studied for early life,” he continued. The Nuvvuagittuq rocks might even be older than the rocks researchers have been looking at in Greenland, South Africa, and Australia, and they represent a different marine environment, too. “This new study once again gets us thinking about a potential hydrothermal cradle of life.”
Nature, 2017. DOI: 10.1038/nature21377 (About DOIs).
From The New York Times:
The ferocity of the attacks coming from the faction of the party allied with Stephen K. Bannon, the president's chief strategist, had General McMaster's associates convinced that it was no coincidence. At one point on Friday, Breitbart News, formerly run by Mr. Bannon, had close to a dozen headlines on its home page about General McMaster, like “McMaster ‘Deeply Hostile to Israel and to Trump.'” The #FireMcMaster hashtag was tweeted more than 50,000 times since Wednesday. Echoing the drumbeat were social media organs tied to the Russian government. According to the Alliance for Securing Democracy, a bipartisan group created to focus attention on Russian interference in the West, the top hashtag among 600 Twitter accounts linked to Russian influence operations at one point on Thursday was #FireMcMaster.
www.nytimes.com/…
Okay, so once again, the crap that Breitbart is spewing — and remember, Bannon has an ethics waiver to continue working with Breitbart — is magically being co-spewed by Russian bot farms. And firing McMaster isn't the kind of thing that Russia would even care about without close cooperation from the White House.
Not to mention, this is pretty much identical to what Team Trump was doing during the campaign. From McClatchy, in March:
Operatives for Russia appear to have strategically timed the computer commands, known as “bots,” to blitz social media with links to the pro-Trump stories at times when the billionaire businessman was on the defensive in his race against Democrat Hillary Clinton, these sources said. The bots' end products were largely millions of Twitter and Facebook posts carrying links to stories on conservative internet sites such as Breitbart News and InfoWars, as well as on the Kremlin-backed RT News and Sputnik News, the sources said...
www.mcclatchydc.com/...
And why would Bannon stop? — there have thus far been zero negative repercussions for their conspiracy.
Let's hope Mueller is on this.
Eugene Melnyk's overwhelming and immediate success in finding a liver donor through the far-reaching media of television, radio and newsprint is an interesting story. This is particularly so in the context of the preferred and comfortable notion that all Canadians have access to health care on uniform terms and conditions.
Universality and accessibility are criteria for provincial health care insurance funding from the federal government. The Melnyk transplant news story excellently portrays the problems with this myth of reasonable access to health care by all Canadians. Some people, or groups of people, have much higher social value than others, and this translates to much improved access to all types of health care, even in life-or-death circumstances.
Hockey is seen as quintessentially Canadian, a defining national value. The question can be asked if Melnyk's owning a hockey team in the nation's capital has something to do with the fact that hundreds of people immediately offered parts of their living body to him. Do we dare make the jump to conclude that his enhanced access to the organ he needed is because he is a kingpin within the cherished Canadian institution of hockey? Could his elevated and exclusive position in this respect be the pin-point through which his life-saving needs were immediately fulfilled?
I reply in the affirmative because of another headline-reaching news story in utter and stark contrast to the Melnyk transplant story, that of a man named Brian Sinclair. His death initiated an inquest because he died after 34 hours of waiting for medical services in a hospital's emergency area. He did not own a hockey team, neither was he at the hospital for an organ transplant. He also had nothing of what many Canadians would deem as “valuable”; this would include his life, and his lifestyle. He was homeless, legless, in a wheelchair and Aboriginal. He belonged to what is commonly and politely called “sub-groups”: Indigenous, disabled, of low socio-economic status. The final act in his life was to place himself in the very face of immediate help and no person, professional or otherwise, helped him. There were no repercussions for those who neglected Sinclair to death.
We can, and should, question why the voice of one Canadian making a life-saving request is heard loudly and clearly and why the voice of another is completely ignored. The culture in this country of hierarchical social value of persons is covert, and not addressed in the Canada Health Act. Uniform terms and conditions regarding accessibility to health care is a passive, cozy thought, but reality demonstrates little beyond mere words. Improvement to the status quo regarding these identified health care principles, however, is not impossible if we recognize, unearth and examine the quiet but powerful underlying assumptions that have led to what we have today. For example, common knowledge is that Canada consistently ranks very high in the social indices on a global level, and many assume that health-care access in Canada also ranks similarly, but it does not. This is especially true in relation to the unique population group to which Brian Sinclair belonged – the Aboriginal peoples.
While the side-story of the extreme shortage of organ donations in Canada was enhanced by this one news item, its crux is still that the person receiving the organ transplant was none other than Eugene Melnyk, owner of the Ottawa Senators hockey team. While it is indeed very good news that Melnyk has received the liver transplant needed for his survival, all Canadians should have similar and immediate access to a health care system that includes organ transplants when they need it.
Anita Olsen Harper is a trustee in the Ottawa Carleton District School Board.
Dennis Rodman and betting company Paddy Power appear to have escaped punishment following charges they breached UN sanctions prohibiting the transfer of luxury goods to North Korea, a draft of a forthcoming UN Panel of Experts (PoE) report shows.
The former NBA basket baller and Irish gambling giant were investigated last year by the PoE over items they had presented to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a much publicized visit to Pyongyang in December 2013.
Yet despite evidence of the gifts from multiple sources, the PoE report said Washington had insufficient information to confirm Rodman had breached sanctions, though noting items he gifted were “likely to be considered luxury goods” according to Department of Commerce regulations.
The luxury goods list detailed in Supplement No. 1 to part 746 of the Export Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce includes alcoholic beverages – and the PoE's last two reports said Rodman had brought unspecified bottles of wine and five bottles of American vodka to North Korea.
According to the draft report seen by NK News, Washington told the panel “that appropriate measures were taken in response” to the case, though details of those measures remain unclear. A Department of Treasury spokesperson told NK News on Friday that as a rule, they are unable to comment on possible or pending investigations.
Following an NK News investigation in January 2014, the 2014 PoE report confirmed Paddy Power as having taken a bottle of whiskey, two whiskey glasses, a whiskey decanter and a Mulberry handbag as gifts into North Korea, seemingly in breach of the EU's own luxury good list.
While the EU list bans the transfer of “high quality…spirits and spirituous beverages…handbags and similar articles, …[and] … lead crystal glassware,” the Irish government told the PoE that the total value of the goods transferred was low, that it was a “once-off” arrangement, and that it would not be pursuing a case against Paddy Power.
NK News attempted to reach Paddy Power for comment but did not receive a response by publication.
The PoE concluded by saying that “None of the parties involved intended to evade or violate the luxury goods ban.”
“This case illustrates the potential risk of travellers inadvertently violating the luxury goods embargo should they take gifts or other items into the Democratic People's Republic of Korea,” it added.
Picture: NK News
The Premier League is adamant that the traditional pre-match handshake should go ahead regardless of any tension between individuals and QPR could still request that the gesture is suspended completely.
The atmosphere will be particularly highly charged given Terry's previous visit to Loftus Road last October when he became embroiled in a verbal exchange with Ferdinand but was eventually cleared in Westminster Magistrates' Court of racially abusing the QPR defender.
Cole appeared as a character witness for Terry at the trial and said “I think we shouldn't be sitting here”.
Terry, though, has been charged by the Football Association over the incident. He denies the charge and has requested a personal hearing, which is expected to begin on Sept 24.
Ferdinand will meet with advisers and club staff today before making a final decision about Saturday but, as of last night, was minded not to shake the hand of either Chelsea player.
Anton's brother, Rio Ferdinand, was also drawn into the fallout from Terry's court case after he responded to another Twitter user who had described Cole as a ‘”choc-ice”. Rio Ferdinand was fined £45,000 for the posting, which he later deleted and said was a slang term that was used to describe someone as “fake”.
There remains some doubt over the fitness of Terry and Cole for Saturday's match. Both missed England's 1-1 draw against Ukraine on Tuesday but did return to light outdoor training on Wednesday.
In Lower Saxony Buxtehude a train has collected a left on a railway crossing are school bus. 60 children and the bus driver floated due to a technical failure of the bus briefly in danger of death, but came thanks to the quick reaction of the bus driver, all unscathed. In a curve at the railroad crossing in Hedendorf the so-called joint lock triggered and blocked the onward journey of the bus. The 23-year-old bus driver realized the dangerous situation in time, leaving every 60 children off immediately and then rescued himself. The driver even tried with the "Bahn" get in contact until a minute later the Metronome-Train crashed into the school bus. On the train, a passenger was slightly injured, but otherwise there were no other casualties. Students of the school bus were again placed with a replacement bus to school and the railway line between Buxtehude and Horneburg blocked due to the clearance work. The expected damage is probably around 300,000 euros.
Reptilian Resuscitation: Become a Lizard King
Everyone wants to be a hero, which is why it is imperative that you learn how to resuscitate loved ones. We all know there is no one nearer or dearer to our hearts than our pet lizards, so be prepared to be educated.
I once had a pet lizard named Sparkles*. He was not at all pleased that I named him sparkles, as it seemed to lessen his lizard street cred, but he really looked like a sparkle, so I refused to call him anything else. He wanted me to call him Herbert or something ridiculous like that; I eschewed that idea as Herbert is not a proper lizard name. But I digress. One day I was feeding Sparkles his afternoon snack of flies, and Sparkles began to choke. My immediate reaction was to shake him wildly about in the hopes that the fly would dislodge from his throat. It did not. Sparkles died that day, and it's because I did not know how to resuscitate a lizard. It's time we all learned from my mistakes.
Step 1: Purchase a lizard and watch it closely until it looks like it needs resuscitation. If it begins to turn blue, you bought a chameleon, not a lizard. I don't know if this would work for a chameleon, I am not a herpetologist.
Step 2: Assuming that your lizard is in the pool (why did you put him there? You were supposed to be watching him closely) scoop him out.
Step 3: Shake out lizard. I'd like to point out that I did this step really well.
Step 4: Massage your lizard. Your lizard may fall asleep during this phase. Do not panic. Lizards just really enjoy a good massage.
Step 5: Mouth-to-mouth. Blech.
Step 6: Your lizard is now happy!
Congratulations! You officially know how to resuscitate a lizard. Please do not try this on any other form of rodent, reptile or insect without first discussing it with your veterinarian. Now go forth and impress all the ladies with your lizard saving skills.
*No, I really didn't, but I thought it would be weird if I told you that I once gave mouth-to-mouth to a random lizard I found. I think it was already dead. Either way, it wasn't at all effective.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich leads President Trump in a hypothetical New Hampshire Republican presidential primary matchup, according to a new poll.
An American Research Group poll found that if the New Hampshire Republican presidential primary were held today, Kasich would get 52 percent support, compared to Trump, who would receive just 40 percent.
Another 8 percent were undecided.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a potential primary matchup between Kasich and Vice President Pence, the Ohio governor still holds an advantage, according to the poll.
In that matchup, Kasich garners 41 percent support, compared to Pence, who has 27 percent.
Another 32 percent of respondents said they were undecided.
The poll was conducted from Aug. 4 to 6 among 600 likely Republican presidential primary voters. The margin of error is 4 percentage points.
The poll comes after a transcript published last week by The Washington Post showed Trump called New Hampshire a "drug-infested den" during a January phone call with the Mexican president.
His comments sparked controversy, and New Hampshire's elected officials pushed back against the characterization.
Trump won the Republican presidential primary in New Hampshire, but lost the state to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in the general election.
James Franklin was asked to describe the achievements of this year's Penn State team from the podium after winning the Big Ten championship Saturday in Indianapolis.
He didn't give the expected answer.
“For me, it's not just the season,” he said. “It's all the hard work and all the positive steps we've been taking for three years. It didn't always seem that way maybe to others, but we felt that way. It wasn't easy. Those steps weren't downhill. Those steps were up Mount Nittany. That's kind of how I look at it.”
It wasn't easy this season. Penn State started 2-2 with losses to Pittsburgh and Michigan, and that's when that climb started.
MORE: FBS coaching changes in 2016
The Nittany Lions won nine straight games, took the Big Ten East Division and beat Wisconsin 38-31 in the Big Ten championship. That 11-2 season, which almost ended in a College Football Playoff berth, is why Franklin is the 2016 Sporting News Coach of the Year.
There were other deserving candidates, notably Washington's Chris Petersen and Colorado's Mike MacIntyre, but Franklin's efforts stood out a little more. Franklin had dubbed this “Year 1” for the program after finally coming out of the NCAA sanctions resulting from the Jerry Sandusky scandal and the end of the Joe Paterno era in Happy Valley.
The signature win happened Oct. 22, when Grant Haley returned a blocked field-goal attempt for a touchdown in the fourth quarter for a 24-21 win over No. 2 Ohio State at Beaver Stadium. It was the classic “White Out,” and Franklin was compelled to put that into words on the spot.
It was the perfect answer.
"I'm just happy for our kids,” he said on the ABC telecast. “The former players, the lettermen, this town has been through a lot. So, this is the start of our healing process tonight. I couldn't be prouder.”
MORE: Penn State had just one loss too many
From there, Penn State's season took off. The Nittany Lions won out to take the division, and rallied from a 28-7 deficit to beat the Badgers at Lucas Oil Stadium behind a red-hot Trace McSorley. Penn State will represent the Big Ten in the Rose Bowl against USC.
That wasn't the expected answer, either.
In a division where Ohio State's Urban Meyer and Michigan's Jim Harbaugh have dominated the headlines for the past two seasons, it was Franklin who re-established another blue blood within the division. Penn State is back, and the Nittany Lions are going to be a factor in the Big Ten for years to come.
That's how far they've come in Year 1. That's why Franklin was the choice.
“This is a foundation,” he said. “The fortunate thing is we get to continue building on that foundation this year. So I'm just a very appreciative guy. I'm a very blessed guy.”
It's been a pretty good night for Dodgers rookie Cody Bellinger. In the top of the fifth inning, he did this:
And in the bottom of the fifth inning, he did this: best appreciated through an ordinary video clip, maybe, but best understood through a series of still frames. Watch him dive over the dugout railing for the ball and think, “Holy shit, great catch!” But break the moment apart, and find true meaning.
Now, captured via Rick Scuteri of the AP. Look at manager Dave Roberts' eyes here. Look at the terror therein. Look at the fan in the Dodgers jersey on the left, who's real into the acrobatics on display here and is reveling in some totally unfiltered joy, without any space to stop and wonder if there might be cause for concern. Look at the fan in the navy short-sleeved button-down in the middle, who maybe was excited five seconds ago but isn't quite sure what he's supposed to do now. Look at the blonde woman sitting down with the red manicure on the right, who has no joy and only fear.
Advertisement
Now you cannot see the terror in Dave Roberts' eyes, because Dave Roberts cannot bring himself to look anymore.
Advertisement
And finally, the aftermath. Care. Protection. Brotherhood. From Christian Petersen of Getty:
A living reenactment of a Renaissance painting, perhaps The Dead Christ Mourned by Annibale Carracci?
Advertisement
Good catch.
SUV drivers made to park at the back of the store like black people on buses
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday, July 16, 2008
Government fueled alarmism about global warming – which has not occurred in the last 10 years nor will it occur in the next 10 years – is accelerating the creation of new forms of malthusian control over our lives, with the ultimate goal of identifying those who don't submit to the whims of the climate cult as second class citizens and enforcing a new manifestation of 1950's style segregation.
The image at the top of this story is from an Office Depot outlet in Austin, Texas.
People who drive those evil life-giving gas, plant food spewing, SUV's are forced to park further away from the entrance to the store as a kind of collective societal punishment for not conforming to the green agenda.
Gas guzzlers have to park around the back – sort of like black people had to sit at the rear of buses during segregation.
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The signs going up coincide with an increase in incidents of attacks and tire slashings on SUV's by a militant group of morons, not too dissimilar to Chairman Mao's “Red Guard” thugs during the Communist revolution, let's call them “Green Guards”, who think they are changing the world when in actual fact they are doing the bidding of their corporate masters and megalomaniacs, who have publicly announced their plan to use global warming alarmism as a means of tightening the screws on our freedoms and ultimately eliminating us altogether.
Click for enlargement.
Meanwhile in California, all new cars from 2009 will be forced to display both a smog score sticker and a carbon emissions score sticker, rating the vehicle between one and ten for both categories.
The consequences of daring to drive a vehicle that emits the same gas that humans exhale are likely to be greater than merely extra layers of taxation and inconvenience. Now that you are mandated to display your equivalent to the yellow star that Jews had to wear in Nazi Germany, you can expect to be scorned and vilified at best and you or your car physically attacked by the “Green Guard” at worst.
In the UK, a proposal to set up a form of rationing to forcibly restrict how much energy people could use, by assigning “every individual a quota of carbon credits, which they would need in order to buy heating or vehicle fuel, electricity, or other things deemed under the scheme to cause carbon emissions,” was briefly circulated but shot down – though the plan is likely to return at a future stage.
Advocates of man-made global warming like to silence any form of debate by claiming that any form of dissent is akin to holocaust denial, yet the agenda that they support, and one that is being enforced by governments with increasing vigor and disregard for fundamental rights of mobility and privacy, bears all the hallmarks of a fascist putsch.
As Brendan O'Neill writesin his excellent Guardian article, “In the current debate on liberty, we hear a lot about the attack on our democratic rights by the government's security agenda, but little about the grave impact of environmentalism on the fabric of freedom. It seems to me that green thinking – with its shrill intolerance of dissenting views, its deep distaste for free movement and free choice, and its view of individuals, not as history-makers, but as filthy polluters – poses a more profound threat to liberty even than the government's paranoid anti-terrorist agenda.”
“Liberty – true liberty – requires that people see themselves as self-respecting, self-determining subjects, capable of making free choices and pursuing the “good life” as they see fit. Today, by contrast, we are warned that we are toxic, loaded, dangerous specimens, who must always restrain our instincts and aspire to austerity. This is not conducive to a culture of liberty; indeed, it represents a dangerous historic shift, from the Enlightenment era of free citizenship to a new dark age where individuals are depicted as meek in the face of more powerful, unpredictable forces: the gods of the sea, sky and ozone layer,” he concludes.
This article was posted: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 at 4:34 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
AS SOROS PAYS THUGS TO BEAT PEOPLE AND BURN CARS, HAVE WE REACHED THE 'LIMIT OF ALINSKY?' TRUMP JUST GOT ELECTED, BUT SOROS SEEMS DETERMINED TO SABOTAGE LAW AND ORDER. FOR THIS, SOROS IS USING THE SAME WORN-OUT TACTICS PROGRESSIVES HAVE USED FOR THE PAST 50 YEARS.FOR HALF A CENTURY, THESE ALINSKY TACTICS DRAGGED AMERICA INTO A TAILSPIN OF CONFLICT AND GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION. BUT IS THIS THE 'LAST GASP' OF COMMUNISTS, SOCIALISTS, AND GLOBALISTS? HAVE AMERICA-HATERS AND TRAITORS FINALLY REACHED THE END OF THEIR ROPE?GEORGE SOROS CANNOT SAVE A BANKRUPT PHILOSOPHY (COMMUNISM) FROM THE DUSTHEAP. THEY'VE TRIED EVERYTHING (FALSE FLAGS, HOAXES, THREATS, PAID ACTORS RIOTING) BUT NATURE HAS LIMITS -- THEY CANNOT REBUILD THIS REGIME.HAVE WE HIT 'THE LIMIT OF ALINSKY?'GLOBAL WARMING = CATHOLIC RELIGIONSANDY HOOK - GAME OVER
The Washington, DC managing editor at Fox News appears to be caught red-handed in the art of spinning.
As the health care debate was reaching a high point last year, a leaked e-mail shows Bill Sammon asked his news department to refer to the public option as the “government run option.”
Later that evening, Fox News flagship news program, Special Report with Bret Baier, used the very phrase Sammon had requested.
The e-mail, obtained by the liberal watchdog Media Matters, indicates that Sammon sent the request after Republican pollster Frank Luntz said that polls show the “government option” was opposed by the public.
According to the report at Media Matters, in August of 2009 after Fox News' Sean Hannity used the term “public option,” Luntz encouraged him to say “government option” instead.
“If you call it a ‘public option,' the American people are split,” Luntz said. “If you call it the ‘government option,' the public is overwhelmingly against it.”
“It's a great point, and from now on, I'm going to call it the government option,” Hannity replied.
Luntz also claimed that the “government option” would be “sponsored by the government.” In fact, the proposed public option bills would have funded the program with the fees paid by those who enrolled in it.
Only a day before Sammon sent the e-mail, Brett Baier had referred to the “public option” as well as the “government-run option.”
An e-mail titled “friendly reminder: let's not slip back into calling it the ‘public option'” was sent to Baier and other Fox News reporters the next morning.
“Please use the term ‘government-run health insurance' or, when brevity is a concern, ‘government option,' whenever possible,” Sammon wrote.
“When it is necessary to use the term ‘public option” (which is, after all, firmly ensconced in the nation's lexicon), use the qualifier ‘so-called,' as in ‘the so-called public option,'” he continued.
“Here's another way to phrase it: ‘The public option, which is the government-run plan,'” Sammon said.
That night, Baier and Fox News reporter Jim Angle followed Sammon's script. Baier referred to the public option as “government-run health insurance” and “government-run health insurance option.”
Angle called the proposed program “a government insurance plan, the so-called public option” and “a government insurance option.”
Fox News has repeatedly said that Special Report with Bret Baier is an objective news program.
“Fox argues that its news hours — 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. and 6 to 8 p.m. on weekdays — are objective,” The New York Times reported. Other hours of the day feature opinion shows like Glenn Beck and Hannity.
“The average consumer certainly knows the difference between the A section of the newspaper and the editorial page,” Michael Clemente, the channel's senior vice president for news, was quoted as saying.
The Daily Beast‘s Howard Kurtz asked Sammon to comment on the leaked e-mail.
“Sammon said in an interview that the term ‘public option' ‘is a vague, bland, undescriptive phrase,' and that after all, ‘who would be against a public park?'” Kurtz wrote. “The phrase ‘government-run plan,' he said, is ‘a more neutral term,' and was used just last week by a New York Times columnist.”
“I have no idea what the Republicans were pushing or not. It's simply an accurate, fair, objective term,” Sammon said.
Prior to becoming Fox News' Washington managing editor, Sammon was the White House correspondent for The Washington Times where he was often thought of as President George W. Bush's favorite reporter.
“Six-foot-seven inch Bill Sammon–nicknamed ‘Superstretch' by President Bush–enjoys more access to the commander-in-chief than any other journalist,” Sammon's bio bragged. “Sammon has spent hours with Bush in the Oval Office, aboard Air Force One–even in the President's sprawling Texas ranch. As Senior White House Correspondent for the Washington Examiner, Bill Sammon travels with Bush wherever he goes and was with him on September 11, when his presidency was utterly transformed by the terrorist attacks.”
In October, sources told Media Matters that since joining Fox News, Sammon's pressure to “distort” and “slant news” had made some in the newsroom uncomfortable.
“Since Bill Sammon assumed the role of Washington managing editor and vice president of news at the beginning of the Obama Administration, pressure from Fox management to produce stories that lean toward a conservative agenda, and distort news in some cases, has found its way into coverage, the sources said.”
Text of Sammon's leaked e-mail follows
###
From: Sammon, Bill
Sent: Tuesday, October 27, 2009 8:23 AM
To: 054 -FNSunday; 169 -SPECIAL REPORT; 069 -Politics; 030 -Root (FoxNews.Com); 036 -FOX.WHU; 050 -Senior Producers; 051 -Producers
Subject: friendly reminder: let's not slip back into calling it the “public option”
1) Please use the term “government-run health insurance” or, when brevity is a concern, “government option,” whenever possible.
2) When it is necessary to use the term “public option” (which is, after all, firmly ensconced in the nation's lexicon), use the qualifier “so-called,” as in “the so-called public option.”
3) Here's another way to phrase it: “The public option, which is the government-run plan.”
4) When newsmakers and sources use the term “public option” in our stories, there's not a lot we can do about it, since quotes are of course sacrosanct.
###
This video is from Fox News' Special Report with Bret Baier, broadcast Sept. 3, 2009.
Tanmaya Shekhawat has just got on the proverbial road to success. And he even has a sleek BMW sedan to cruise towards his destination.
A coaching institute in Rajasthan's Sikar has gifted the luxury vehicle to Shekhawat for securing the 11th position in the IIT-Joint Entrance Exam (Advanced) that selects candidates for the top technical institutes in the country.
“The director (of the institute) had announced that whoever achieves a rank under 20 in the IIT-JEE Advanced, will get his BMW. He kept his promise,” said a visibly happy Tanmaya, who aspires to be a software engineer.
The German-made vehicle is worth Rs 27.5 lakhs and has done 1,500 km since it was bought two years ago by Dr RL Poonia, the director of Samarpan coaching institute.
Though gifts and rewards are not uncommon among the numerous coaching institutes in the state, it is perhaps the first time such an expensive vehicle has been given to a topper.
The gift could also be a clever marketing ploy, according to industry experts.
Sikar, around 115 km from capital Jaipur, is seeking to replicate the success story of Kota which is acknowledged as the coaching capital of India.
Read more: Check JEE (A) results and summary, Jaipur's Aman Bansal is topper
Every year, more than 1.5 lakh student from across the country enroll in the 40-odd coaching institutes in Kota to prepare for the highly-competitive entrance examinations for different professional courses. Kota's coaching business runs into hundreds of crores of rupees. They are also known to produce all India toppers in most of the competitive exams.
Around 260 km from Kota, Sikar is known for its colourfully frescoed havelis – the traditional mansions in north and western India – and some highly successful entrepreneurs.
Sources said over the past few years, several coaching institutes have sprung up in Sikar. Tanmaya, who is from Churu district, was enrolled with the coaching institue for the past two years.
“For the first time someone in the district has scored a rank under 100 in IIT-JEE Advanced. Nearly 1 lakh students appeared for the exams from Kota, which is the hub of coaching institutes in India, but our student has beaten them all,” Poonia said.
Read more: Two physically challenged UP students crack JEE Advanced
But the success of Tanmaya, who is keen to study computer science in IIT Bombay, has taken some sacrifices. Tanmaya, who favourite movie is 3 Idiots, loves playing football and basketball.
Tanmaya's father Rajeshwar Singh Shekhawat, a Biology teacher in a government school, said the youngster stayed in a kitchen of a house as “he did not want to share a room and single rooms were hard to find”.
“He is extremely dedicated and has overcome a lot of hardships to achieve this rank.” Tanmaya's mother is also a school teacher.
Tanmaya, whose family did not have a vehicle till now, said he will learn driving before driving the BMW to his Churu home.
First Published: Jun 13, 2016 19:34 IST
Carol Rosenberg and three other reporters have been banned from covering future hearings at Guantánamo Bay by the Pentagon for naming an interrogator before being warned against it. Rachel Maddow commented on her program, Friday night (4:13):
Four reporters were banned by the Pentagon from reporting on future hearings at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, Thursday, for reporting the name of a former U.S. Army interrogator, Nancy Youssef reports at McClatchy late Thursday night.
The interrogator, Sergeant Joshua Claus, was on the record as “Interrogator No.1,” but the judges warned the journalists this alias was to be applied by the journalists after at least one of the reporters had filed her report.
Sgt. Claus testified Thursday that while stationed at Bagram Air Base in 2002, he told then-15-year old Omar Khadr he would likely be raped in an American prison. Mr. Khadr, a born Canadian citizen, is being tried in a military commission—charged with the war crime after being kidnapped by the U.S. military and confessing to killing a U.S. serviceman with a grenade. The confession, his lawyers contend, was a result of torture and should be inadmissible. Also, there is no evidence said serviceman died from a grenade and the report on his death was altered.
Sgt. Claus identified himself as one of Mr. Khadr's interrogators in a 2008 interview, where he denied torturing the young boy. He did not incriminate himself in is testimony this week.
He pleaded guilty in 2005 after being charged with assault, prisoner maltreatment and lying to investigators. He was the last reported man to have interrogated Dilawar—the innocent 22-year-old, 5'9″, 122 lbs. Afghan taxi driver—who was tortured to death while in U.S. detention at Bagram. The U.S. at the air base in Afghanistan was brought to the public eye in the 2007 Oscar-winning documentary Taxi to the Dark Side.
“Dilawar's last interrogation eroded into more abuse and assault and he was returned to his cell and re-shackled,” according to an amicus brief submitted by the Project to Enforce the Geneva Conventions.
“Dilawar was found dead the next morning.”
Of the four banned reporters is McClatchy‘s Carol Rosenberg, whose report Sayyid utilized in his post on the show-trial of Omar Khadr, now-23 years of age. McClatchy has edited or removed their specific references to Sgt. Claus by name in the testimony reports, but a headline grab at The Huffington Post remains.
Ms. Youssef reports of the bans and the respective news organizations:
Col. David Lapan, the director of Defense Press Operations, said the ban only affects the individual reporters and that their organizations would be allowed to send others to future hearings. The banned reporters were Carol Rosenberg of McClatchy‘s Miami Herald, Michelle Shephard of the Toronto Star, Paul Koring of Toronto's Globe and Mail and Steven Edwards of CanWest Newspapers…. [Claus] was first publicly identified as Khadr's interrogator on March 13, 2008, during a hearing at Guantanamo. He subsequently gave an on-the-record interview to Shephard of the Toronto Star, one of the banned reporters, where he asserted that he'd never abused Khadr, who was 15 years old when he was taken captive by U.S. troops in Afghanistan in 2002. “That reporters are being punished for disclosing information that has been publicly available for years is nothing short of absurd—any gag order that covers this kind of information is not just [overboard] but nonsensical,” said Jameel Jaffer, the deputy legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union, in a statement. “Plainly, no legitimate government interest is served by suppressing information that is already well known.”… Rosenberg's report that day included the following sentences: “Canadian reports have identified that interrogator as Army Sgt. Joshua Claus, who pleaded guilty in September 2005 to mistreatment and assault of detainees at Bagram. He was sentenced to five months in jail.” Rosenberg said her story was filed before the judge's warning. She said Claus' name had already been revealed. “All I did was report what was in the public domain,” Rosenberg said. “I am disappointed because I did not violate the ground rules,” Rosenberg said. “I am also surprised because we heard nothing about this, and the ban was issued nearly 24 hours after the piece first appeared.” Pentagon officials said it didn't matter that Claus' name was already widely known. “If his name was out there, it was not related to this hearing. Identifying him with Interrogator No. 1 was the problem,” Lapan said…. The banned reporters are among the most seasoned on military tribunals and the Khadr case. Rosenberg is the longest-serving reporter at the American detention center and has covered every hearing of a military commission, with the exception of one week, since the proceedings began in 2004. Shephard published a book about the Khadr case. Koring and Edwards have consistently followed Khadr's case for their news organizations.
Mr. Edwards, in 2008, included Sgt. Claus' name with reference to Ms. Shephard's interview that identified the interrogator as one of those experienced by Mr. Khadr at Bagram:
Legal arguments before the U.S. war crimes commission in Guantanamo Bay indicated Sgt. Joshua Claus of military intelligence participated in many, maybe all, of the interrogations of the Canadian terror suspect after U.S. forces delivered him to the Bagram detention centre in Afghanistan in July 2002…. Prosecutors argued they'd provided either what they could, or what was relevant to the case, but army Col. Peter Brownback, the presiding judge, told them to make a bigger effort to comply. Lt.-Cmdr. Kuebler told Col. Brownback that while Mr. Khadr had undergone “dozens, if not hundreds” of interrogations, the prosecution has provided notes of only three from a single interrogator—apparently not Sgt. Claus…. Lt.-Cmdr. Kuebler seeks to show at an eventual trial that early statements Mr. Khadr made are invalid if interrogations involved coercion. At least one Bagram interrogation took place while Mr. Khadr was still being treated in hospital for extensive battlefield wounds suffered during the firefight. Lt.-Cmdr. Kuebler said Sgt. Claus “didn't just participate in numerous interrogations of Omar, according to (prosecutor Major Jeffrey Groharing), he did virtually all of them…. A fellow interrogator told the probe that on the day Dilawar died, he saw Sgt. Claus twisting up the back of a hood that he'd placed over the detainee's head. The same report, first uncovered by The New York Times (NYT) in 2005, told how Sgt. Claus had made another detainee roll back and forth on the ground kissing a fellow soldier's boots.
Last week, Charlie Savage at The New York Times reported the Obama Administration was “seeking to compel” his colleague—James Risen—“to testify about his confidential sources for a 2006 book about the Central Intelligence Agency”.
Mr. Savage reported Mr. Risen “received a subpoena [that week] requiring him to provide documents and to testify May 4 before a grand jury in Alexandria, Va., about his sources for a chapter of his book, State of War: The Secret History of the C.I.A. and the Bush Administration“.
Two weeks before, Thomas Drake—a former official at the National Security Agency (N.S.A.)—was indicted “on charges of providing classified information to a newspaper reporter in hundreds of e-mail messages in 2006 and 2007”, Scott Shane reported at the NYT. Though the indictment didn't name the reporter or news organization by name, “the description applies to articles written by Siobhan Gorman, then a reporter for The Baltimore Sun, that examined in detail the failings of several major N.S.A. programs, costing billions of dollars, using computers to collect and sort electronic intelligence”.
In 2005, Mr. Risen revealed the existence of the N.S.A.'s unlawful warrantless wiretapping program and now he finds himself under the threat of losing legal protections with a former N.S.A. official.
Couple these with the recent report by Josh Gerstein and Patrick Gavin at Politico that the White House press corps would only criticize the Administration anonymously “out of fear of retaliation”.
“National political reporters are furious over various White House practices involving transparency and information control, but are unwilling to say so for attribution due to fear of ‘retaliation', instead insisting on hiding behind a wall of anonymity,” Glenn Greenwald, at his Salon blog, commented on the report. “Isn't that a rather serious problem: that the White House press corps is afraid to criticize the President and the White House for fear of losing access and suffering other forms of retribution? What does that say about their ‘journalism'?”
There is a large backlash from the government toward anyone who does not go out of its way to whitewash atrocities in order to portray it as perfect, yet humble—a beacon of hope that stands for justice and goodness and fairness and puppies and ice cream and heroes, etc.
Mr. Greenwald continues:
It's the flip side of those White House reporters who need the good graces of Obama aides for their behind-the-scenes books and thus desperately do their bidding… The article notes that aside from punishing reporters who say things it dislikes, the White House rewards those reporters (with special “scoops” and other privileges) who subserviently promote its agenda, and specifically identifies White House “favorites” David Sanger of The New York Times (the Judy Miller of The Iran Threat) and Richard Wolffe (the single most sycophantic White House stenographer after Jonathan Alter). It's nice that the White House's most loyal journalist-servants are petted on their head for their Good Behavior (it'd be sad to see that level of devotion go completely unrewarded). I'm sure Alter and Ryan Lizza's Obama books will be accordingly suffused with White House favors. I can't recall reading any sentence quite as illustrative as this one from Politico stating (without any irony) that White House reporters insisted upon anonymity because they're afraid of angering the White House with their public statements.
Michael Calderone at Yahoo News reported that White House press secretary Robert Gibbs—a couple of weeks before the Politico piece—said, “This is the most transparent administration in the history of our country.”
To this, Mr. Calderone gives a rather relatively heroic response—as pointed out by Mr. Greenwald—that:
The Obama team came to Washington promising transparency, but White House reporters say privately that the administration is not living up to that pledge. At times, they say, it plays favorites with writers it deems more sympathetic to the administration.
There's a thread here of the Obama Administration attacking whistleblowers' protection and journalists' shields while turning a blind eye to the criminal Bush Administration. As it continues the crimes of the prior regime, indicting it becomes self-incriminating. And the journalists covering the current crimes are forcefully being denied the access to inform the public of the government's crimes.
EDIT: Scott Horton, international law scholar, commented at his Harper's blog: “The embarrassing secret dealings surrounding the rules coupled with blatant retaliation against critical media serve to highlight their illegitimacy before the actual transactions of the court are even examined.”
He adds that the Administration's only hope is arranging a plea deal. Seeing as this has been shot down by Mr. Khadr and his military counsel, this is extremely unluckly. An interesting note to add is that Mr. Khadr's counsel is extraordinarily aggressive in pursuing his defense. Lt.-Cmdr. Kuebler either has been so disgusted by the treatment of his client that he heavily sympathizes or is objectively fighting that his client isn't unjustly detained, based on his documentation of reports being altered and his client's confession being the sole result of torture. Either way, this shows exactly why the Administration needs a plea to win and why a guilty verdict would be grossly unjust.
This story stuck out to me, personally, because—as Spencer Ackerman commented at The Washington Independent—Ms. Rosenberg is the “single most diligent, consistent and experienced Guantanamo Bay reporter in the world, having carved out the Guantanamo beat steadily almost since the detention facility here opened in 2002 and traveled here more frequently than any other journalist”.
EDIT2: Rachel Maddow covered this on her show in a heroic manner, Friday night. A woman e-mailed me, outraged by this story, Friday morning after reading my post. Tonight, she e-mailed me with the YouTube clip of Ms. Maddow's report, so I inserted it at the top of this post. I'd give her a hat-tip if she included a link to a website for me to plug of hers, but without her consent, I won't post her name. I'll just say: Thanks!
Advertisements
800 photos a minute -- this an insane amount of photos and Fast Camera for iPhone accomplishes this without skipping a beat.
Fast Camera is one of the more interesting apps I've come across lately. The second the app launches, it opens the camera and a little ticker starts rolling. There is no visual cue that photos are being taken except for this ticker, and I'll admit, I was a little confused. Once I realized what was happening, I tapped stop, then preview, and boom, there were 200 photos of my MacBook Air, in only about 15 seconds.
Then I thought out loud -- "holy crap."
After further investigation, it turns out that if you want photos to be taken at this rate, you must have it set to VGA quality, even from the rear camera. At 8 megapixel sized photos, the rate is closer to 140 photos per minute - which is still pretty darn fast. (Take a look at the larger version of the above photo to see the stopwatch times while taking 8 megapixel sized photos).
Situations where Fast Camera will be helpful could include trying to capture a series of photos to tell a story, wanting to catch an exact moment (like your dog catching his ball mid-air), or even for group photos -- prop up your iPhone, set the built-in timer in Fast Camera, then press start and run into the group. After the photos are taken, you can scroll through to find the best shot.
Fast Camera is normally $0.99, but for today only, it's free! So go grab it!
[gallery link="file"]
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Demian Maia might be the best Brazilian jiu-jitsu technician in mixed martial arts. Of his 17 professional MMA wins, nine have come by submission and three by TKO. Maia's MMA career has been interesting – from highlight-reel submissions to boring decision losses and back. Watching his recent quick victories over Dong Hyun Kim “The Korean Stun Gun” and Rick Story in UFC 148 and 153, respectively, inspired me to track down some videos and put together a brief Demian Maia MMA retrospective.
Demain Maia vs Raul Sosa
September 21, 2001. Tournament Tormenta En El Ring, Venezuela
Maia won his first fight in classic “BJJ in MMA” style. In a performance reminiscent of vintage Renzo Gracie, Maia went straight to the clinch, transitioned to back mount, and pounded out a TKO at 0:48 of round one.
Demian Maia vs Lukasz Chlewicki
December 3, 2005. The Cage – Volume 4. Helsinki, Finland
More quick work from Maia. After a few minutes of fighting against the cage and some ground scrambles, Maia hit a nice half guard sweep and transitioned to a brutal armbar for professional MMA win number two.
October 7, 2006. Super Challenge 1. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
I didn't find any video of this 83kg tournament, which Demian won by scoring three victories:
vs Vitelmo Kubis Bandeira. Win by RNC at 3:30 of round one.
vs. Gustavo Machado. Wins a two-round decision
vs. Fabio Nascimento. Win by guillotine at 0:35 of round one.
Demian Maia vs. Ryan Stout
May 19, 2007. GFC: Evolution. Columbus, Ohio
Here's a crappy video of Demian defeating Ryan Stout in under two minutes. He scored a quick takedown, held the top position for a while, ended up on the bottom, and hit a butterfly sweep that somehow injured Stout's shoulder for the TKO.
Demian Maia vs. Ryan Jensen
October 20, 2007. UFC 77: Hostile Territory. Cincinnati, Ohio
I didn't find a video of Demian Maia's UFC debut, but I do know that he sunk a rear naked choke at 2:40 of round one to earn Submission of the Night.
Demian Maia vs. Ed Herman
April 19, 2008. UFC 83: Serra vs. St-Pierre II. Montreal, Quebec, Canada
I talked about this one in my article about some of the Jiu-Jitsu Vortex's favourite MMA submissions. Demian put on a BJJ showcase for a round and a half, including a ridiculous sequence from the omoplata, before putting Herman to sleep with a mounted triangle. Again, Submission of the Night.
Demian Maia vs. Jason MacDonald
August 9, 2008. UFC 87: Seek and Destroy. Minneapolis, Minnesota
Here we see Demian pull guard and get close to a triangle from guard at the end of round one. To Jason MacDonald's credit, he almost took Maia the distance, but couldn't fend off the rear naked choke halfway through round three. Maia had set himself a ridiculous pace at this point – three UFC fights, three Submission of the Night awards.
Demian Maia vs. Nate Quarry
November 15, 2008. UFC 91: Couture vs Lesnar. Las Vegas, Nevada
More textbook Brazilian jiu-jitsu from the old school: half guard dragdown to mount, transition to back, sink rear naked choke at 2:13 of round one.
Demian Maia vs. Chael Sonnen
February 21, 2009. UFC 95: Sanchez vs Stevenson. London, England
Maia's most spectacular and impressive win came against the inimitable Chael Sonnen. He started with his tried-and-true “straight to clinch” approach before hitting a beautiful lateral drop takedown and transitioning immediately to a triangle choke for the win at 2:37 of round one. Fourth Submission of the Night in five fights.
Highlight reel of Demian Maia's fights against Ed Herman, Jason MacDonald, Nate Quarry, and Chael Sonnen:
Demian Maia vs. Nate Marquardt
August 29, 2009. UFC 102: Couture vs. Nogueira. Portland, Oregon
All streaks end, and Demian's did so in spectacular fashion as he ran headfirst into Nate Marquart's fist at 0:21 of round one. It was a knockout worthy of a Popeye cartoon. Props to Marquardt for not landing that follow-up shot to the back of Maia's head.
Nate Marquardt vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs. Dan Miller
February 6, 2010.UFC 109: Relentless. Las Vegas, Nevada
The bout against Dan Miller was a major departure for Maia being that it was his first UFC fight to go the distance. Part way through round one, Maia seemed to get tired of Miller's takedown defense and decided to give his standup a go for the next round and a half. It wasn't pretty. Even Joe Rogan could be heard comparing round two to “amateur kickboxing”. Things went back to normal in round three with Maia clinching, scoring the takedown, and holding ground control to the bell for the decision win.
Dan Miller vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs. Anderson Silva for UFC Middleweight Championship
April 10, 2010. UFC 112: Invincible. Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
With Vitor Belfort and Chael Sonnen injured, Demian Maia took the corner opposite Anderson Silva for a very strange title fight. Throughout the fight Anderson seemed to be playing with Maia like Maia played with Ed Herman, albeit in a much more bizarre fashion. Demian's takedown attempts and ball-on-a-chain overhand left were ineffective against Silva, who gesticulated wildly and clowned around while chopping at Maia's legs and lumping up his face. By the end of the fight the crowd was chanting for Maia, who lost the decision.
Looking on the bright side for Maia, Silva is known as a finisher – of his 33 wins (16 in UFC), only five (two in UFC) have gone to a decision.
Anderson Silva vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs. Mario Miranda
August 28, 2010. UFC 118: Edgar vs Penn II. Boston, Massachusetts
Similar to the Dan Miller fight, but with more groundtime. Maia controled the fight on the ground and against the fence for the unanimous decision win.
Demian Maia vs Kendall Grove
December 4, 2010. The Ultimate Fighter: Team GSP vs. Team Koscheck Finale. Las Vegas, Nevada
Again, this fight was decided by Maia's takedowns and ground control. Demian did try to dabble in standup during round three, which didn't go his way, but it was OK because his work in the first two rounds earned him the decision.
Demian Maia vs. Mark Munoz
June 11, 2011.UFC 131: dos Santos vs Carwin. Vancouver, British Columbia
Internet BJJ fixture Ryron Gracie cornered Demian's opponent, Mark Munoz, in this fight, which took place right here in the Jiu-Jitsu Vortex's backyard. Maia looked surprisingly good on his feet, winning the first round, before Munoz shut down his game. Maia's shots weren't working and he failed to get anything going on the ground, except for a crucifix attempt in round three. Munoz won by split decision.
Mark Munoz vs. Demian Maia fight video
Gracie Breakdown of Maia-Munoz
Demian Maia vs Jorge Santiago
October 8, 2011. UFC 136: Edgar vs Maynard III. Houston, Texas
Another stage in the evolution of “Demian Maia: MMA kickboxer”. He was getting more confident, but also more careless. And that left haymaker was still visible from space. Maia spent three rounds directing the action but was having a doozy of a time trying pass Santiago's guard. The fourth minute of round three saw him get to side control, to north-south, to side control, before being sucked back into Santiago's half guard and landing elbows to the bell for the decision victory.
Jorge Santiago vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs Chris Weidman
January 28, 2012. UFC of Fox: Evans vs. Davis. Chicago, Illinois
This was an ugly kickboxing fight. Demian's right hand pawing and arcing overhand left were as predictable as the sunset. Weidman scored takedowns in all three rounds and tried a guillotine in round two, but both fighters seemed exhausted (though not as bad as Tank Abbot vs. Oleg Taktarov that time up in the mountains of Wyoming). The crowd booed both fighters as Weidman took the decision.
Chris Weidman vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs. Dong Hyun Kim
July 7, 2012. UFC 148: Silva vs Sonnen. Las Vegas, Nevada
Demian moved down to 170 pounds for his fight against “The Korean Stun Gun”, who was on somewhat of a tear. Overheard in my friend's living room during the preamble to the fight:
“Kim looks ridiculously confident. I'm afraid to watch.”
“He looks like the North Korean nemesis from a Hollywood Cold War movie.”
But it was back to vintage Demian Maia, who went immediately to the clinch and moved to the back. Kim appeared to try to throw Maia off balance with an uchimata-type motion, but Maia caught a ride, hooked Kim's leg with his left, and draged the whole mess to the mat, where Kim suffered a rib injury and couldn't continue. A 47-second TKO from a takedown? I have judo roots, so I can't help but love that, even though it was somewhat bittersweet because Yoon Heo, a good friend of Dynamic MMA, was cornering Kim during this fight.
It's interesting to note that this was an effective takedown in that it disabled Maia's opponent, but because they landed face down, it wouldn't have earned many props in sport judo circles (maybe a koka at best?)
Dong Hyun Kim vs. Demian Maia fight video
Demian Maia vs Rick Story
October 13, 2012. UFC 153: Silva vs Bonnar. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Rick Story neck crank was Maia's most disturbing submission since his armbar vs Lukasz Chlewicki in 2005. Again reverting to his BJJ roots, Maia clinched right away and took control. He took Story down with some judo-style footsweeps, got back mount, started a rear naked choke, and switched to a neck crank that caused twin jets of blood to shoot out of Story's nostrils. A terrifying 2 1/2-minute victory.
Rick Story vs. Demian Maia fight video
Hey Demian Maia, Stay Awesome
Well that was a lot longer than intended, but was fun to put together. If you're still here, thanks for your stamina. The message I took home from re-watching all these fights is that Demian Maia seems to have brought his MMA game full circle. After several fights spent experimenting with standup, he approached his last two fights with the same clinch, takedown, control, and/or submit pattern as the early fights. His takedowns aren't judo-spectacular, but they're brutally effective. And once he gets his opponents on the ground, things start to look grim in a hurry. It's archetypal Brazilian jiu-jitsu at it's most effective. All hail the Demian Maia submission renaissance!
Advertisements
In this week's episode, Hemant Mehta caused a mass shooting, Christians boycott the Disney Channel over its glaring lack of molester programming, and aliens will tell us to have sex. But not like “us” as in you and these show notes.
Come see us in Australia! https://www.thinkinc.org.au/skepticon-australia/ To make a per episode donation at Patreon.com, click here: http://www.patreon.com/ScathingAtheist To buy our book, click there: http://www.amazon.com/Diatribes-Godless-Misanthrope-Scathing-Presents-ebook/dp/B00J53FZFI/ref=sr11?ie=UTF8&qid=1396141562&sr=8-1 To check out our sister show, The Skepticrat, click here: https://audioboom.com/channel/the-skepticrat To check out our sister show's hot friend, God Awful Movies, click here: https://audioboom.com/channel/god-awful-movies
To check out out half-sister show, Citation Needed, click here: http://citationpod.com/
Headlines: GOP tax plan gets rid of the Johnson Amendment: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/02/the-gops-tax-reform-bill-would-let-pastors-endorse-candidates-in-church/ Stephen Anderson: Veganism is of the devil: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/10/27/christian-hate-pastor-veganism-is-a-substitute-for-biblical-morality/ P-Robes wants Trump to shut down the Mueller investigation: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/10/31/pat-robertson-trump-should-shut-down-the-entire-mueller-investigation/ Reaction to shooting in TX: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/05/at-least-27-dead-in-texas-church-mass-shooting/ http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/05/the-texas-church-shooters-religious-history-is-very-confusing/ http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/06/the-activist-mommy-is-trying-to-blame-me-for-the-texas-church-shooting/ http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/06/christian-extremist-atheists-should-be-put-to-death-for-the-tx-church-shooting/ Preacher: When Trump swears, he's just acting like Jesus: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/04/christian-preacher-when-donald-trump-swears-hes-just-acting-like-jesus/ Atheist group donates $10,000 to help Rohingya refugees: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/03/atheist-group-donates-100000-to-help-rohingya-refugees-escape-persecution/ Pastor: No such things as an atheist relief organization: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/02/pastor-greg-laurie-theres-no-such-thing-as-an-atheist-relief-organization/
Linda Harvey: Disney's first gay main character should have been molested: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/02/linda-harvey-disneys-first-gay-main-character-should-have-been-molested-first/
This Week in Misogyny: Catholic hospital pushed women to bury their fetuses: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/04/a-catholic-hospital-pushed-women-to-bury-their-fetuses-no-matter-the-situation/ Notre Dame vows to end no-cost contraception coverage: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/01/notre-dame-is-foolishly-ending-no-cost-contraception-coverage-next-year/
Mila Kunis trolls Pence with monthly Planned Parenthood donations: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2017/11/04/mila-kunis-trolls-mike-pence-with-monthly-planned-parenthood-donations/
How BS Suggested Reading: http://skepdic.com/raelian.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ra%C3%ABlism
Missouri's House Bill 1587, introduced and given its first reading in the Missouri House of Representatives on January 23, 2014, is the fourth antiscience bill of the year and the second in the state. As is increasingly common with antiscience legislation, HB 1587 would, if enacted, in effect encourage science teachers with idiosyncratic opinions to teach anything they pleased — proponents of creationism and climate change denial are the usual intended beneficiaries of such bills — and discourage responsible educational authorities from intervening. The bill specifically cites "the theory of biological and hypotheses of chemical evolution" as controversial.
HB 1587 would require state and local educational authorities to "assist teachers to find more effective ways to present the science curriculum where it addresses scientific controversies and permit teachers "to help students understand, analyze, critique, and review in an objective manner the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of the theory of biological and hypotheses of chemical evolution"; it would prevent such authorities from "prohibit[ing] any teacher in a public school system of this state from helping students understand, analyze, critique, and review in an objective manner the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of biological or chemical evolution whenever these subjects are taught."
The sponsor of HB 1587 is Andrew Koenig (R-District 99); its cosponsors are Rick Brattin (R-District 55), Donna Lichtenegger (R-District 146), Kurt Bahr (R-District 102), Galen Higdon (R-District 11), Sandy Crawford (R-District 129), and Paul Wieland (R-District 112). Koenig was the sponsor of a string of similar bills: HB 179 in 2013, HB 1276 in 2012, and HB 195 in 2011. All failed. Koenig is also a cosponsor of House Bill 1472 in 2014, a bill that would require equal time for "intelligent design" in Missouri's public schools, including introductory courses at colleges and universities. He cosponsored the similar HB 291 in 2013 and HB 1227 in 2012; both failed.
A century before Aly Raisman and Or Sasson, the Jewish people had gymnast Judikje “Jud” Simons from the Netherlands, and boxer Victor “Young” Perez of France.
Simons and Perez were among several dozen Jewish Olympians and world champions murdered during the Holocaust, along with most of their spouses and children. The doomed athletes hailed from all over Europe, and competed in everything from chess to skiing and fencing.
During the 1920s, Jews sometimes constituted large portions of Olympic teams — as in the Netherlands, where Jewish women were synonymous with gymnastics. At the 1936 “Nazi Olympics” in Berlin, at least 13 Jewish athletes from several countries earned medals despite rampant harassment and efforts to ban them.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Athleticism was a point of pride for Jews throughout Europe, particularly where they contended with overt anti-Semitism. In combat sports like boxing and fencing, Jews could dismantle anti-Semitic stereotypes with their physical prowess, shattering social barriers and what historians have called the wimpish self-image of European Jewry.
The 1936 Berlin Olympics have been dissected for decades, but the fate of Jewish Olympians received scant attention until Agnes Grunwald-Spier published her 2016 book, “Who Betrayed the Jews?” The work included information on 30 Jewish Olympians killed in the Holocaust, some of whom gave up their freedom to share the fate of loved ones.
One of these heroes was renowned skier Bronislaw Czech, who represented Poland in three Olympic Games and later ran one of Poland's top downhill skiing schools.
When the Nazis began implementing the Final Solution, Czech's fame worked against him. At age 32, he was arrested and among the first prisoners sent to Auschwitz. There, he was offered freedom in exchange for training German youth in skiing, but refused the proposal. Czech died in Auschwitz, and dozens of streets and schools are named for him in Poland today.
Another world champion targeted for his prowess was the Tunisian-born Victor “Young” Perez, a French Jewish boxing star. In 1931 he became the youngest flyweight world champion in boxing history, having won numerous French championships. None of this mattered when Perez was denounced in 1943 and sent to Auschwitz.
“At first the SS let him train so that he could fight in a show fight for their entertainment against a member of the SS,” wrote Grunwald-Spier. “After that, he was treated like all the other prisoners and he was forced to participate in boxing matches for the amusement of the Nazis. By 1945 Victor had survived 140 bouts in 15 months and won 139,” she wrote.
The young champion's life ended on the death march from Auschwitz, in January of 1945, when Perez died at age 33.
A Jewish Olympic fencer targeted for his athleticism was Attila Petschauer, who won team Olympic medals in 1928 in Amsterdam and in 1932 in Los Angeles for Hungary. While imprisoned in the labor camp Davidovka in Ukarine, he was singled out by guards who had been informed of Petschauer's fame.
“[A witness] saw the guards tell Attila to take off his clothes and climb a tree and crow like a rooster,” wrote Grunwald-Spier. “As he crowed they sprayed him with cold water which froze and eventually he fell off the tree. They took him back to the barracks but he died a few hours later,” she wrote of the incident.
No exemptions for Olympians
According to Grunwald-Spier, the 30 murdered Jewish Olympians in her book “were all successful sportspeople who had been proud to represent their country. Their country had been proud to bask in their glory.”
“However, when the Nazis were implementing the Final Solution, that was of no significance and they were mowed down like all the other Jews of Europe,” author Grunwald-Spier told The Times of Israel last week.
Among interwar Europe's most patriotic and versatile Jewish athletes was Lilly Henoch, who rose to prominence in Germany with the Berlin Sports Club, which was one-quarter Jewish in the 1920s. Her specialties included hockey, handball and long-jumping, and she was the go-to captain for several team sports. Had Germany been allowed to participate in the 1924 Olympics, Henoch might have earned several medals, having set world records in discus, shot-put, and the 100-meter relay.
Henoch's athletic versatility and ability to earn Germany medals meant nothing in 1933, when she was dismissed from the Berlin Sports Club. Ironically, she had been named chair of the club's women's section just two weeks before Hitler became chancellor.
In September of 1942, Henoch and family members were deported from Germany to Riga, where they were murdered by an Einsatzgruppen mobile killing unit later that year. Henoch was 43, and her murder took place some distance from the millions of Germans who would have known her name or recognized her face from newsreels and newspapers.
Of the Olympians killed in the Shoah, quite a few were from the Netherlands. In that country, Jewish women helped take home numerous medals for gymnastics, including at the 1928 Olympics held in Amsterdam.
One top Dutch Jewish gymnast was Judikje “Jud” Simons, who helped the team earn a gold medal in 1928. After the team's win, Simons and her husband ran an orphanage in Utrecht, where they lived with their own two children. During the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands, the family was given a chance to escape deportation to the death camps, but Simons and her husband refused to leave the orphans.
On March 3, 1943, the entire family and dozens of children from the orphanage were gassed at Sobibor — seven months after orphanage head Janusz Korczak had accompanied his charges from the Warsaw ghetto to their deaths at Treblinka, in a parallel story-line.
In her book, Grunwald-Spier documented the shared fate of several Dutch Jewish women from the 1928 Olympic women's gymnastics team, deported with their husbands and young children to Sobibor where more than 200,000 Jews were killed. Also murdered at Sobibor was the team's Jewish coach, Gerrit Kleerekoper, along with his wife and daughter.
Ajax, the Jews and Holocaust memory
Numbered among those killed by the Nazis are also several Jewish Olympian footballers — or, soccer players — hailing from countries such as Germany, Poland and Romania. The best remembered Jewish footballer to die in the Holocaust, Eddy Hamel, was not technically an Olympian, but the New York-born athlete who grew up in Amsterdam had a singular impact on the sport in his country.
In 1922, Hamel became the first Jew and the first American to play for the legendary Ajax Football Club. For eight years, he was the pride of Jewish Amsterdam, refusing to hide his Jewish or American roots.
Twelve years after retiring from Ajax, with the Netherlands under Nazi occupation, Hamel was arrested and sent to do hard labor at Auschwitz-Birkenau. After four months, he failed a work “selection” and was sent to the gas chambers.
Following the war, Ajax became associated with Jews, some of whom returned from the camps to watch games still held in the old stadium, close to where they grew up. Jews no longer lived in the neighborhood, but the team became “Jewish” by association with the dead neighborhood, and — later, in the 1970s — by a new generation of Dutch Jews who joined Ajax as players, company employees and shareholders, not to mention masseuses.
In recent years, Ajax fans' use of Jewish symbols and chants has drawn rebukes from rival teams' fans, some of whom wish the same fate upon Ajax that befell its first Jewish player, Eddy Hamel, in the Holocaust.
The anti-Jewish sentiment is expressed with chants about Auschwitz, and by choruses of hissing to represent the gassing of Jews. The surge of anti-Semitism at Ajax games prompted Dutch Jews to stay home in recent years, and Ajax officials to water-down the team's Jewish flavor, considered a provocation.
Europe's great inter-war Jewish athletes, many of whom became Olympians and world champions, embodied the fallaciousness of Nazi racial propaganda about Jewish bodies and cultural proclivities.
These Jewish sportsmen came from every corner of the continent, and participated in every sport available to them. In doing so, some became early targets for Hitler's regime, and — during the genocide — targets for ruthless camp guards seeking to break their spirits.
Town Of Chevy Chase Looks To Pony Up For Purple Line Lawyer
From Bethesda Now - By Aaron Kraut
The Town of Chevy Chase has vowed to fight Maryland's plans for the Purple Line. Next week, the Town's Council will discuss how much money to put up in the fight.
The Council is considering a $360,000, 18-month contract with a law firm. It will hold a public hearing at its Wednesday, Jan. 8 meeting on that proposal.
The Town has long been opposed to the Locally Preferred Alternative (LPA) route for the 16-mile light rail. It would go from Bethesda to New Carrollton and run part of the light rail system behind Town of Chevy Chase homes on the existing Georgetown Branch Trail.
In its comments to the MTA on the state's Final Environmental Impact Statement, the Town said the “skyrocketing” in cost estimates since 2007 means the state should start the route selection process over. The MTA chose the route in 2009 in its Draft Environmental Impact Statement (DEIS).
It hopes to start construction on the estimated $2.1 billion system in 2015, but a number of critical steps remain.
“A DEIS with flawed cost information, and a subsequent project selection based upon flawed (cost) information, can only be repaired at the draft level rather than in a final environmental impact statement since the FEIS only compared the selected project with a ‘no build option,'” Town of Chevy Chase Mayor Pat Burda said when the FEIS was published.
The MTA estimated the project would cost $1 billion in 2007 and $1.5 billion in 2009.
The Town's comments, which include detailed critiques of the FEIS technical reports, say the state never adequately evaluated the bus rapid transit option for the project. The Town also says the FEIS should be required to name specific properties where trees will be lost. Since the FEIS was published, Purple Line opposition has also cited the existence of an endangered, shrimp-like creature in Rock Creek that the FEIS doesn't mention. MTA officials said that's because wildlife officials have never seen it in Maryland streams.
The Town has a budget surplus of about $8 million, with which it's debating what to do. A shuttle service to downtown Bethesda was nixed, a request for a $230,000 donation to the B-CC Rescue Squad was cut to $60,000 and there is little consensus on the expensive prospect of undergrounding power lines.
The $360,000 proposal drew some immediate criticism from transit advocates, including Bethesda resident and Purple Line supporter Ben Ross:
Town of Chevy Chase refuses to meet with state for 7 months, then hires $360k lawyers to ensure its concerns are considered by state- Benjamin Ross (@BenRossTransit) January 1, 2014
The public hearing will be part of the Council's meeting on Wednesday, which starts at 7 p.m. at the Town Hall (4301 Willow Lane). There will also be a public hearing on a revised contribution policy, an issue which came up during the Council's public hearing on the B-CC Rescue Squad donation.
Rendering via MTA
Image copyright AFP Image caption Buildings in the planned buffer zone are being demolished by the military
Egypt has begun demolishing homes along its border with the Gaza Strip as part of a planned 500m buffer zone that is intended to prevent weapons smuggling.
Residents living along the border with the Palestinian territory have been given 48 hours - and promised compensation - to leave their homes.
The buffer will include water-filled trenches to prevent tunnelling.
Egyptian media accuses Gaza's Hamas administration of aiding militants in Sinai. Hamas denies the charge.
Last week, more than 30 Egyptian soldiers were killed in a militant bomb attack on an army post in Sinai.
After the bombing, Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi passed a law authorising the military to protect state facilities - including power plants, main roads and bridges.
He also declared a three-month state of emergency in Sinai. Critics of the move said it allows the army to return to the streets and brings back military trials for civilians.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Residents began leaving their homes in the buffer zone on Wednesday, watched by troops
The planned buffer zone will reportedly stretch along the length of the 13km (eight mile) border.
Those who refuse to leave their homes within the deadline set by the authorities will have their property seized by force.
North Sinai's governor, General Abdel-Fattah Harhoor, said on Wednesday that 800 homes in the border city of Rafah had been evacuated.
Compensation has been offered to the displaced, except those whose homes are found to contain smuggling tunnels.
Some residents have complained that the government's action is breeding anger. Forcible displacement is a criminal act under the Egyptian constitution.
Militants operating in Sinai and in Gaza have been accused of using tunnels below the border to move weapons and fighters.
The tunnels have also played a vital role in the economy of the Palestinian territory, which has been struggling to cope with a blockade imposed by Israel and Egypt in 2007 as a measure against Hamas.
Wests Tigers have today announced plans for a new Member Committee, designed to help grow and develop the Club's Membership program.
The launch of the Wests Tigers Member Committee marks the first time that the Club has run such a program, with it enabling effective two-way communication between the Club and its Members.
Wests Tigers are seeking 10 individuals from a range of Membership categories to join the Wests Tigers Member Committee for the coming year.
Wests Tigers CEO Justin Pascoe said that the creation of the Member Committee was important for the future success of the Club.
“The development of our new Wests Tigers Member Committee is important for the Club as we look to grow and develop our Membership offering,” said Pascoe. “It's important that we understand and listen to our Members, understand what drives them to support the Club and in turn how we can support them.
“Our Members are a massive part of this Club and their continued involvement is integral to our future success,” he said. “We're committed to ensuring that our Members have a voice and are a valued part of Wests Tigers into the future.”
The Wests Tigers Member Committee will meet bi-monthly at Concord Oval to share their thoughts and provide feedback on a range of topics, working with the Club's CEO and Senior Management team.
Current Members are asked to nominate another Wests Tigers Member who they believe would be a good fit for the Committee, with Members not able to nominate themselves. The Club will select the final 10 from those nominated.
Nominations are open until 5pm Tuesday 8 December. You can nominate a Member to be considered for the Committee below.
Members who are not selected for the Committee will have the opportunity to provide input by emailing membership@weststigers.com.au. Wests Tigers Members will also receive updates following each Committee meeting.
Thank you for participating in #3DST 14 – Tchotchkes, and Congrats to Daniel_cahill5, winner with #3DST14 Fishy Knick-Knack, an amazingly colorful thingy that no aquarium or garden lover (I can't decide which) should live without! Daniel picked the theme for the next 3DST: Colorful.
You can follow the submission thread here.
Prize: get your work featured, and win a $25 Shapeways 3D printing coupon. A unique chance to get your scan printed.
Rules, as usual:
Make a 3D scan of something COLORFUL by Thursday, September 4th (find great 3D scanning apps here).
by (find great 3D scanning apps here). Share it on your own Sketchfab account with #3DST15 in the title.
in the title. The author of the model getting the most likes by the following Sunday is featured, wins a $25 Shapeways 3D printing coupon and gets to choose the following theme.
by the following Sunday is featured, wins a and gets to choose the following theme. Multiple entries are ok .
. Entries scanned before theme announcement are not ok .
. To know everything about #3DST including great tutorials, check this blog post.
Good luck!
– Bart
Winner update: Congrats to andylewis, winner with Colourful Bonce!
#3DST15 Colourful bonce by andylewis on Sketchfab
In the process of digging the Turkish government's proposed Canal Istanbul project one billion cubic meters of soil stands to be displaced. Turkish developer Mister Serdar Inan commissioned multidisciplinary designer Dror Benshetrit to apply a greater design vision to the overall initiative, and on 29 September 2012 he unveiled his spectacular concept for the three-kilometer island community of HavvAda. Blending the most innovative practices in design, engineering and technology, the project infuses a sense of cultural legacy through design references to chief Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan.
Working on a vast and unfamiliar scale, Dror and his studio approached the project with fresh eyes, focused on the necessity for urban design to not only seamlessly integrate into the plan, but to activity encourage growth in the community to which it will host. The radical design encourages a symbiotic relationship between community members and their dwellings by creating a self-sustaining structure that actually produces more energy than it consumes, offering the highest quality of life possible.
Dror has long investigated the principals and application of physics and geometry in urban design. For HavvAda, he designed the entire island structure based on two essential geometrical forms, the sphere and the triangle. Using Dror's Quadror geometry and Buckminster Fuller‘s geodesic dome, every aspect of the island is linked with a master grid—from urban planning to transportation and structural support systems for the buildings.
The island's infrastructure relies on compression and tensional engineering to optimize landmass, in addition to offering panoramic views among nearly all residential areas. Some 300,000 inhabitants will call home one of six 230-400-meter geodesic domes, encircling a central area designated for commerce and community structures. The slope of the domes' exteriors will promote natural ventilation as well as to collect rainwater, with some form of wind power expected to be implemented as well. To design for a population of this size, Dror worked from a 3D model, building horizontally in contrast to the conventional 2D skyscraper. By building in a horizontal grid, the circling buildings achieve maximum efficiency and urban integration while avoiding the need for substantial subterranean structures.
The “micro-environments” within each of the six hollow domes will host a communal space focused on the island as a whole. A museum, financial center, stadium, education center, entertainment area and sport arena are projected. Transportation will be facilitated via a web of cable-cars, walkways and pedestrian roads.
Assisting in the design endeavor were various consultants, including the Buckminster Fuller Institute, Buro Happold and Shoji Sadao from Fuller, Sadao & Zung Architects. For more information on Dror's innovative model of urban design and social co-habitation, see Studio Dror online.
Is this the future?
What's Springtime without a beautiful bouquet of flowers? Nothing blooming in your neck of the woods yet? Create your own with AC products!
Supplies: Everyday Felt Flowers (77177) - MyHouse, Stem Occasions Four (89090) - Ribbon, Petal Occasions Four (89082) - Ribbon, Petal Occasions Four (89079) - Ribbon, various buttons
I used some things I had on hand to whip up this fun flower bouquet. Stopping in my kitchen, I picked up some skewer sticks and an empty pop can to pair with some bright AC buttons, ribbon, and MyHouse flowers. You'll also need a needle and thread and then you're all set to go.
I threaded the buttons onto a felt House flower, making sure to keep excess string on the backside of the flower. This excess thread gets tied around a skewer stick, securing the flower to the front of the stick. A glue dot can help hold it in place.
You can place your flowers in something prettier than a pop can, but I recommend adding flour or sand in the bottom first to help keep your skewer sticks from swinging around.
This little bouquet is great to set on your desk or on the bookshelf. A perfect way to brighten up the room before the real blossoms start to appear!
In the late 19th century, shortly after the patent of the telephone, the race was on to connect everyone to the phone grid. However, due to technical limitations of the earliest phone lines, every telephone required its own physical line strung between a house or business to a phone exchange where the call was manually connected by a live operator. The somewhat quixotic result of so many individual lines was the construction of elaborate and unsightly towers that carried hundreds to thousands of phone lines through the air.
In Stockholm, Sweden, the central telephone exchange was the Telefontornet, a giant tower designed around 1890 that connected some 5,000 lines which sprawled in every direction across the city. Just by looking at historical photos it's easy to recognize the absurdity and danger of the whole endeavor, especially during the winter months. Everything that could possibly go wrong did. From high winds to ice storms and fires, the network was extremely vulnerable to the elements. Luckily, phone networks evolved so rapidly that by 1913 the Telefontornet was completely decommissioned in favor of much simpler technology. The remaining shell stood as a landmark until it too caught fire in 1953 and was torn down.
If you want to see more, the Tekniska Museet (the Museum of Technology) in Stochkholm has hundreds of photos from this strange period over on Flickr organized into three main galleries: Linjeras och eldsvådor (accidents), Telefonstationer Stockholm, and the Telefontornet.
(via Retronaut, Twisted Sifter, thnx Johnny!)
The big Valley Bank sign turned atop the art deco tower and other neon signaled downtown. Among the downtown landmarks was the Hotel Westward Ho, with its famed Thunderbird Room, where presidents stayed well into the 1960s. The skyscrapers going up along Central seemed signs of progress, not incoherent planning. I watched so many of them being built. My grandmother and I took the bus to shop downtown or at Park Central. This daughter of the frontier "traded," as she put it, at the small A.J. Bayless store at Central and Moreland. Just west were the shady median parks along Moreland and Portland, two of the few City Beautiful Movement touches Phoenix received. The parkways were lined by lushly landscaped apartment buildings. Every day, we drove downtown at 5 p.m. to pick up my mother at the Greater Arizona Savings Building, where the Interstate Stream Commission had its offices. It was amazing to see the crowds on the streets, just like a big city.
This part of the city was dense then with businesses. This was long before entire blocks were bulldozed or turned into dead space by parking garages. The buildings on the northeast and southeast corners of Seventh Avenue and McDowell, for example, were chock-full of small businesses. So was today's mostly empty Gold Spot — I got my hair cut there by Otis Kenilworth. Downtown was still the busiest shopping district in the state, followed by Park Central mall — both bracketing our neighborhood. I wasn't as fortunate as someone born a few years younger to sample the old city , but it was still pretty intact in the early and mid-1960s.
By the time I was eight, I was mobile and free, within limits. Specifically, I could ride my bike from Thomas to Roosevelt and Third Street to Fifteenth Avenue. It was an amazing landscape for a child. The library, art museum and Heard Museum were there. Soda fountains proliferated at drug stores, from the Rexall on Roosevelt and Third Avenue to Ryan-Evans at Seventh and McDowell to shops on Central. Every gas station had a drinking fountain with cold water, an essential for young desert rats. The firefighters at the old Station 4 on First Street and Moreland, as well as the Encanto/Seventh Ave. station indulged us. We bugged the people at Channel 12 and Channel 5 (Wallace & Ladmo's home!) for old reels of commercials — the apex of our ubiquitous trash picking. Encanto Park was a favorite hangout; it was where I decided I wasn't cut out to be a fisherman, but that didn't stop me from endless fishing journeys to the lagoons. The lovely moderne Palms Theater at Central and Virginia offered movies if we didn't want to hitch a ride downtown.
My friends and I stashed fallen oranges and rolled them out into the rush-hour traffic on Third and Fifth — back then, before the Willo Soviet tried to wall off this neighborhood, these streets had three lanes each and carried substantial traffic twice a day, people going to and from work downtown. The oranges were also useful in friendly alley fights; more serious conflict escalated from dirt clods to rocks. Oh, we also ate them, because everyone had citrus trees in their yards and it was a quick drive out to the groves, where boxes of oranges could be purchased at roadside stands surrounded by the lavish bounty of the Salt River Valley. Some days we lay under the trees at Paperboys' Island, a pocket park at Third and Holly, and just stared into the cobalt sky, dreaming the dreams of young boys.
I grew up in a small town. Its name was Phoenix, and even though it had 439,170 people by the time I was four years old, in 1960, it still seemed like a place I could wrap my arms around and carry with me, just like the little towns in the movies. We lived near Cypress Street and Third Avenue, about a mile from the border of downtown. The houses faced the street, many had porches, the lawns were lush, the shade inviting.
This was not a time of unalloyed sweetness. I was a child of the Cold War at its scariest, watched JFK deliver his address on the Soviet missiles in Cuba and heard my grandmother, who remembered the Spanish-American War, say, "this means we're going to war." Fiery nuclear annihilation haunted me and I knew the auditorium at Kenilworth School, where we stood against the walls and covered our heads, would not protect us. My lovely city would be incinerated (but Tucson, with its Titan II missiles, would get it first). Yet it drove me to learn every thing I could about nuclear war. I became a nuke nerd of the first order (ask me about blast shelters, throw weight and counterforce targeting even now).
The crime and social upheaval of the decade came through the television. But Phoenix had its share of excitement. I remember we were parked in the alley behind the old Valley National Bank building downtown when a man ran past us with two patrolmen, guns drawn, chasing him — he'd just robbed the bank. Phoenix claimed to be a place of Western equality, but a drive south of the tracks told otherwise, and there was anxious talk of a riot in 1968, hushed up by the Arizona Republic. Kermit Long, our senior minister at Central Methodist Church — another place we walked to — marched with Martin Luther King Jr. in South Phoenix, scandalizing the establishment. Bodies turned up regularly in the desert. I remember trick-or-treating in Palmcroft one Halloween and seeing two grown men in a Chevy with masks on. It was probably all in fun, but I was afraid.
Nor was school a land of Beaver and Wally. I stood out in a bad way within the cruel world of children and was relentlessly tormented by bullies. Until I turned on them in seventh grade, beat the crap out of several, and solved that problem without legislation or extensive intervention by the Helping Professions. It was amazing how bullies could be tamed with a punch or just a willingness to fight them, a valuable lesson for a journalist and other pursuits.
Even so, in so many good ways Kenilworth was the kind of public school that doesn't exist anymore. We had rich children from Palmcroft — including the Rehnquists — poor ones from south of Roosevelt, and those of us in between. It was mostly white but all races were represented. After sixth grade, a large number of Mexican-Americans came from Franklin School. We fought for half the year and then became good friends.
The teachers were superb in most cases, including the iconic Miss Metcalfe who said it was all right that I held my pencil differently (I still do). The school didn't have a parking lot, as it does today (and which has profaned the once lovely North High). Teachers parked on the streets. Students walked and rode their bikes. We didn't have "play dates" or mommies driving us around in minivans. Among the boys, we chose scouting, joining Troop 15, one of the state's oldest, which met at the Luke-Greenway American Legion hall. It was there that I met Silvestre Herrera, medal of honor winner from World War II. It was impossible not to absorb history living in this small town.
A larger world was clearly defined. North on Central or Seventh Avenue, for example, were acreages and some big haciendas (or small ones, as my great aunt had). There was no such thing as a six-lane "street." The roads were bordered by irrigation ditches and a rich canopy of shade trees. Farther north, across the canal, came Sunnyslope, exotic and desert-bound against the north mountains. West was Maryvale, where my uncle bought a new house from John F. Long.
These neighborhoods were sparkling, cutting-edge and fashionable compared to our old house on Cypress. My mother wasn't impressed, but I pined for an "all electric kitchen." Here and elsewhere in the newer subdivisions, pools proliferated. We didn't have many in the central city then, preferring to swim at Encanto Park or the YMCA. Beyond the city were farm fields and citrus groves. And then the desert, pristine except for a few settlements and the remains of the mining industry. I hiked every mountain surrounding the Valley as a Boy Scout. The train whistles at night spoke of a world even farther away. Sky Harbor was there, too, and I was enchanted by the Phoenix Rising mural in the then-new east terminal. But Union Station, not the airport, was my thing.
This was the golden age of driving. Arizona had only a little more than 1 million people, and the entire nation was more than 100 million lighter than today. Gas was cheap and congestion, in Phoenix, was negligible. Cruising Central was a big deal. The Bob's Big Boy at Central and Thomas was hopping at all hours, and locally owned drive-ins proliferated. The streets were relatively narrow — Seventh back then was a mere four lanes — and, with adulthood expected earlier than today, speed demons inside town were rare.
The summers were harsh and Phoenix hibernated in the manner of little desert towns — but temperatures were moderating by September. Our school had no air conditioning and didn't need it. Agriculture and places such as Encanto Park also kept the summer temps down, and it was much cooler overnight then. Winter had several hard frosts, requiring aircraft propeller engines to be mounted in the citrus groves to keep the air moving. The seasons changed with sublime softness. Once it snowed on one side of the house, and by the time I ran to tell my mother on the other side, the snow had melted. The monsoons were spectacular in their lightning and thunder, but violent microbursts were virtually unheard of. The storms came into the city.
Amid all this, the warning signs were unmistakable. Sprawl and the auto-centric ideas of the '60s. The vacant lots at Central and Moreland in anticipation of the freeway, although few thought it would ever be built. The passenger trains were dying. Milt Graham, the popular young mayor, was vehemently against transit. Even so, not even the adults could imagine the death of civic leadership or the narrowing of the economy that overtook this place — or that we would lose the groves and fields.
The sense of optimism transcended today's cheap boosterism. This was Phoenix. It was special. It would not make the mistakes of other places. We would not let the Easterners bring their problems with them. We lured the Greyhound headquarters and more would come. We were rich in aerospace — I watched the first drones being tested — and technology companies, and more would come. We had a new NBA team and it was yet another sign of how great this city would be. A monorail would connect downtown with uptown along Central. Hadn't we already learned the lessons of the Hohokam and tamed the wilderness, made it bloom, with our mighty works of technology?
So I was blessed to grow up in this small town and will always carry it in my heart. Today it's been scarred and divided by the freeway, laid waste with vacant lots, civic malpractice and flight of businesses. Thanks to some heroic efforts, the real neighborhoods where I come from are preserved as historic districts. They're the best places to live in all of the metropolitan area.
But few know how much was lost. My friend Grady Gammage, the real-estate lawyer and Morrison Institute scholar, has mused about how two natives of the same age could come to such different conclusions about Phoenix (although he's more in my camp every day). He lays out two thoughts: I left and lived in a variety of cities while he stayed. But also, unlike most Phoenicians of my generation, I grew up in the most cohesive, historic and non-suburban part of the city. He's right on both counts. Phoenix and I grew up together. We both changed.
Think Phoenix has no history? Check the Phoenix 101 archive and gain enlightenment.
A coalition of B.C. housing organizations representing non-profits, landlords, renters, co-ops and others have come up with a plan to tackle the province's housing crisis.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
As the May 9 election nears, the B.C. Rental Housing Coalition hopes parties will incorporate the solutions into their platforms and that the next government will put them into action.
“We're going to go fundraise, use our own equity, use our own land — anything we can do to tackle this crisis, and we'd like to see politicians at every layer supporting us,” said Kishone Roy, director of the B.C. Non-Profit Housing Association, which is part of the coalition. “That's how much we believe in this.”
With increasing homelessness, rising rents, a provincial rental vacancy rate of 1.3 per cent and high property costs in B.C.'s urban centres, it is clear that housing solutions will have to address the needs of a broad spectrum of individuals.
The coalition attempts to address the diverse needs in its Affordable Housing Plan for B.C., which proposes everything from smarter renovations to better rental assistance to strengthening the community housing sector.
An estimated $1.8 billion will be required to provide adequate housing to all British Columbians, according to the coalition's analysis. The cost should be split evenly between the provincial and federal governments and the community housing sector, the report says.
It's a high price tag, but the coalition estimates it will result in annual savings of $177 million in homelessness-related costs and a $1.9 billion increase in GDP.
Renovating, restocking, reinventing
One of the coalition's solutions is “SOS,” which stands for “save our stock.”
“It's far cheaper to save those units that are out there right now that are deteriorating than try and building new,” said Roy, “and building new takes time.”
But more funds would be needed. Right now, $10 to $13 million a year is available to maintain non-profit affordable housing units in B.C. The report says $125 million is needed.
The plan also suggests developing new rebate programs for major energy retrofits for the community housing sector. Upgrades like energy-saving windows and boilers would result in savings that could be invested in improving and providing housing, it says.
The community housing sector, also known as the “third sector” between public and private providers, is growing in B.C. In 2015, the province launched the Non-Profit Asset Transfer Program, selling BC Housing properties to the non-profits that run them.
B.C.'s Auditor General criticized the program in a report last month. The government had sold $500 million worth of provincial land and buildings without a clear understanding of the long-term effect on the availability of social housing, the report found.
But Roy, in an interview with The Globe and Mail, called the sales a “game-changer” for non-profits.
Ownership of the buildings gives them new independence and allows asset transfers and amalgamations between non-profits. They can now consider developing community land trusts, an innovative model which lets individuals own homes while the land is owned by a trust or non-profit. Non-profits will also benefit from the increasing value of the properties.
The coalition's report notes that much of B.C.'s private sector rental housing, built between the 1950s and 1980s when the federal government encouraged construction through tax incentives, would be too expensive to renovate.
It calls for incentives to encourage private sector construction of rental housing.
“We have not seen the kind of support necessary to really reignite the development of new market purpose-built rental housing,” said David Hutniak, the CEO of LandlordBC, also part of the coalition.
The coalition's plan suggests municipalities support the “careful” redevelopment of older rental properties and that the province implement relocation policies for those displaced.
The province should also reduce fees for new rental construction and improve tax treatment for the projects, the report says.
Financial help for low-income renters
The report also calls on governments to provide financial help for renters. The provincial government provides rent supplements to elderly renters and low-income families with children.
The plan suggests merging those programs into a single renters grant, increasing funding and making it available to all low-income co-op and renter households.
“This would replace a web of current programs and allow government to deliver effective support to those most in need by stabilizing them in their current housing, rather than building them new homes,” the plan says.
Other suggested fixes to help incomes catch up with housing costs include raising B.C.'s long frozen welfare rates, as well as a higher minimum wage.
For individuals with the greatest housing need, the coalition recommends a “housing first” approach that prioritizes shelter. That might mean using a rent supplement to get a homeless individual into a private market rental unit before social or transitional housing is available.
Alberta has received praise for its adoption of the approach.
Should Old Rental Buildings Be Saved — or Sacrificed? read more
“Those individuals are far better served by getting a stable home life right away, then accessing health care and other supports,” said Roy.
A housing first approach in B.C. would also create a more coordinated effort to serve those in need, he added.
The coalition says 6,860 homeless people are homeless in the province. More than half are in Metro Vancouver, according to a new count. That's up 30 per cent from 2014, and includes a higher proportion of Indigenous people.
The coalition also includes the Co-operative Housing Federation of BC, Vancity Credit Union, the Tenant Resource & Advisory Centre, Ready to Rent BC, UBC's School of Community and Regional Planning, the BC Society of Transition Houses and the BC Seniors Living Association.
The coalition hopes governments at every level will be interested in collaborating too.
“It's time for all stakeholders to find solutions,” said Hutniak.
After several brutal months, most of America is ready to see winter's backside. But for aviation enthusiasts in New England, the longer and colder the season, the better. As long as the waters of Alton Bay on Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire stay frozen, pilots can use the only FAA-certified, plowed ice runway in the continental US.
Weather permitting, Alton Bay is used by about 50 seaplanes each month. But come the freeze, conventional aircraft come in droves. It's been that way since the 1960s, and the runway will see more than 100 planes from throughout New England on particularly busy days. (The average is closer to 10 or 15 a day.) There are restaurants and shops nearby, but landing on a runway made of ice may be the main draw.
Now, ice is usually something to be avoided, and airports go to great trouble to be rid of it. So why is the FAA willing to certify a runway you could play hockey on? How is this not a terrible idea?
Instead of checking for debris and chasing off geese, maintenance means checking for damage done by errant snowmobilers and holes left by ice fishermen.
Turns out, an iced runway provides a surprising level of traction. Plowing the snow “leaves a bit of tooth on the ice,” says Peter Bruckner, a private pilot who lives in New Hampshire and has landed at Alton Bay more than a few times. If you come in at the proper airspeed and land properly, the plane will come to a stop with no more than a tap on the brakes.
It's not like landing a commercial jet that tops 200,000 pounds, where brakes are crucial for coming to a stop before the tarmac ends and you need 10,000 feet of runway instead of the 2,300 offered here. Alton Bay is used by small aircraft. “If you're on your numbers” as you approach, Bruckner says, you should be just fine.
Peter Bruckner's Grumman American AA-5, parked at Alton Bay. The way the ice is plowed and dusted with snow improves traction. Joel Glickman
Like all things that fall under the FAA's jurisdiction, the runway has to meet basic safety standards that set it apart from any random strip of ice, and it's subject to close and regular scrutiny. As winter sets in each year, airport manager Paul LaRochelle checks it at various points with a drill. Once the ice is a good 12 inches thick across the Bay, he goes out in his truck to mark off the runway using cones and flags. State transportation officials have a look, too, but once they're satisfied, they declare the runway open for business. They'll shut it down for storms, but it typically stays open until spring. Right now, the ice over the bay is some 28 inches thick, more than enough.
Like all runways, the icy strip at Alton Bay requires a lot of maintenance. But instead of checking for debris and chasing off geese that pose a risk to jet engines, LaRochelle spends his time plowing away snow and checking for damage done by errant snowmobilers and holes left by ice fishermen.
Rain and periods of warm weather are especially problematic, since freshly frozen (or re-frozen) water is smooth and bad for traction. Light snow, on the other hand, can be good: As it melts into the ice, LaRochelle says, it improves grip. And when the runway is freshly plowed and conditions are right, “it's like landing in a grass field.”
Just be careful not to slip when you walk out onto the ice.
Due to a lot of reasons:
Rails-wheel metal on metal collision sound: The rail track laid out is not a made of 2 single pieces of iron rod each, but a lot of pieces together. This is because metal expands and contracts when there's temperature fluctuations and if it's a single piece, during summer when the temperature increases, the rails will expand and bend. Now even though these tracks may seem even in height, there are slight irregularities that are there in the level or height of these individual pieces. When an approaching train wheel hits this uneven rail and passes over it, it makes metal hitting on metal sound, ‘tjick'. Since there are 2 pairs of 4 wheels each in a coach, the sound is ‘tchjk tchjk'
Spring compression and expansion: The 2 pairs of 4 wheels explained earlier had 2 giant springs attached to each other. These springs compress when the train wheel passes over an uneven rail piece that is slightly higher than the previous rail and the spring expands when the uneven rail piece is lower in height than the previous one. The frequency of such expansion is very high. This also contributes to the ‘tchjk tchjk' sound
Vibration of other rail components: Rails are held together with the ballast and concrete sleepers with metallic clamps. These things vibrate vigorously when a train is approaching or passing over it. This is why you can hear ‘tchjk tchjk' sound even when the train is far from you and approaching you
Squeaking sound when metal wheel slides on metal rails: Even though the wheels are lubricated for smooth sliding over the rails, it produces a squeaking sound when sliding over each other. This happens especially when train takes curves.
Even though the wheels are lubricated for smooth sliding over the rails, it produces a squeaking sound when sliding over each other. This happens especially when train takes curves. Echo amplification by the coaches: Since the bottom part of the coaches are shaped like empty boxes, the sound produced by the above 4 pointers are trapped inside and amplified by the coaches itself due to echoing
And there you go.. Put everything together and you end up with the famous sound that A R Rahman stole for many of his songs to win Oscars!!!
For a bird that was made internet-famous by "shagging" a BBC reporter, there's something poetic about the news that 2016 has been a record breeding year.
Poetic and, for the critically endangered Kakapo, incredible. The flightless bird, which is known as the “owl parrot” and is the heaviest parrot in the word, had a population of just 123 individuals as of 2014. Now, thanks to a major boost in chick numbers—33 babies have survived their first few months of life, compared to just six in 2014—that population number looks set to rise.
“The future of New Zealand's own giant flightless parrot is looking much brighter,” Conservation Minister Maggie Barry said in April, after the last chick hatched. In total, 46 chicks hatched this year, but as is the case with most birds, not all babies typically survive their first few weeks or months—three of the chicks perished after a flash flood swept through one of the islands, for instance.
The chicks are part of the Kakapo Recovery Program, an effort to boost Kakapo numbers to a healthy level. The program monitors and works with Kakapo on three islands off of New Zealand: Codfish, Anchor, and Little Barrier Island—the only places in the world where Kakapo are known to exist.
The bird, which was once found throughout New Zealand, has been nearly wiped out by habitat loss and by invasive rats, stoats, and cats that were introduced to New Zealand mainly by European settlers. These introduced species were a huge threat to the flightless Kakapo, which had evolved in a land without any mammalian predators. This also led to them being extremely long-lived, with the oldest Kakapos able to hit 120 years.
Since 1995, however, workers with the Kakapo Recovery Program have been carefully monitoring population levels, providing the birds with supplemental feed, ensuring the islands where the Kakapo remain are free of invasive predators, and at times hand-raising chicks that are underweight or sick.
So why was this breeding season so much more successful than the others? Three reasons. First, Kakapo only breed when New Zealand's rimu trees yield lots of fruit—their berries are high in vitamin D and calcium, key nutrients for nesting birds and chicks. This year was especially fruitful. They also bred on all three islands at the same time—a first for the birds—and several Kakapos bred for the first time, which helped increase the total number of eggs. Because the birds are vulnerable during their first few months of life, the Kakapo Recovery Program will wait until October—six months after the last chick hatched—to officially add the surviving chicks to the total population number.
The good news for the Kakapo doesn't stop there. The birds are getting a little extra support this year, thanks to a few Kakapo-loving Imgur users. In July, Imgur user prinnnneh called on fellow users to populate the website's front page with Kakapo GIFs, which the community was quick to do. The onslaught of GIFs—and links to the Kakapo Recovery Program's donation page—led to more than 3,000 New Zealand Dollars in donations for the organization in 48 hours.
That, in Kakapo terms, is something to skraaaak about.
According to the Information, Amazon is considering opening up access to private transcript data from its Alexa devices to third-party developers, raising concerns of privacy for users.
Amazon's Echo system was one of the first mass-marketed home assistants available, giving it a head start over other devices such as Google Home. However, while Amazon currently does not allow developers access to everything users say, Google Home does; with Apple moving into the market as well, Amazon cannot afford to lose the lead it gained early on.
At the moment, developers making apps that will use Alexa are only permitted to see non-identifying information, such as location data, how often users talk to their devices, and how many times a specific “skill” is used. If full transcripts were visible to developers, the greater amount of data could be put to use in order to improve and fine-tune their applications.
Skill developer Ahmed Bouzid, an ex-product head for the Alexa team, said that the current access only gives developers “7o percent of what they need to know.” However, according to the Information, some teams already have full access to all the data that Alexa gathers; it is unclear who is exempt from the standard limitations or why.
If Amazon were to go ahead with handing over full transcripts, it would certainly cause unease with users aware of the potential breach of privacy. Not only could developers see exactly what they have been saying or searching for, but anyone malevolent enough to hack their systems could do as well. Last year, then Director of National Intelligence James Clapper warned that not only would such developments “pose challenges to our cyber defenses and operational tradecraft but also create new opportunities for our own intelligence collectors.”
Amazon's previous actions don't seem to bode well for those worried about their privacy. In April, Amazon's newly launched Echo Look contained a “Style Check” feature, that would let strangers judge your outfits by uploading photos of them to internet, causing some to remark on the creepiness of such an application.
I really thought we were done with this nonsense after the last election, but perhaps not.
Out in California, a farmer is facing millions of dollars in fines for plowing a field that he purchased and planting wheat. If that sentence sounds like something out of a George Orwell novel to you, you're not alone. His supposed crime was to have “disturbed” the Waters of the United States, a term which gained massive popularity under the Obama administration's EPA rules. In this case, the land that John Duarte purchased and was plowing did not include a river, or even a stream, but rather “seasonal wetlands” which develop swampy areas during the rainy season but then dry up for the rest of the year. (Free Beacon)
A California farmer is facing a $2.8 million fine for failing to get a permit to plow his own field. John Duarte bought 450 acres of land near Modesto in 2012 and is now being sued by the federal government for plowing near areas the government considers to be “waters of the United States.” The case will head to trial in August. The government claims that Duarte violated the Clean Water Act because he did not obtain a permit to work near the wetlands.
USA Today has all the details here but it's reminiscent of other cases brought against landowners in the past. One of the major sticking points is that farmers are supposed to be exempt from these rules. But the government is claiming that the “ripper” blades he used while plowing were “discharging material” into “wetlands.” And for that he's being fined millions of dollars.
Duarte never even got to harvest the wheat that he planted because the government was all over him. Keep in mind that we're not talking about dumping chemicals into a stream or building some sort of permanent structure. The guy was plowing. He was literally moving dirt a foot or so to the side so he could plant his crops.
Doesn't the Justice Department have some say in these matters? Jeff Sessions seems to be mostly on board with Donald Trump's relaxed regulatory agenda. Obviously the press will have a fit if it happens, but it seems like he could put a word in somebody's ear and get this case dropped. It's been exactly one month since the president signed his executive order directing the Agriculture Department to reduce burdensome regulations and make life easier for farmers. This seems like an excellent opportunity to put that approach into action.
Please select NITRO POWERED VIHICLES 1/10TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV 1/8TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV 1/5TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Truck Off-road Buggy Off-road Truggy 1/14，1/16TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV ELECTRIC POWERED WIHICLES Sail Boat 1/14，1/16TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV Off-road Crawler 1/10TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV Off-road Crawler 1/8TH SCALE On-road Racing Car Off-road Buggy Off-road Truck Off-road Truggy Off-road ATV Off-road Crawler 1/24TH SCALE Off-Road Short Course Off-road Truck Off-road Rally car SHARE PARTS&TOOLS R/C Computer Game Brushless ESC CH Charger&Power Connector Battery&Lithium Battery Electric Parts Smart Maintenance kit/Accessories Tools For Maintenance/Accessories on-road car bodies off-road buggy bodies off-road truck bodies off-road truggy bodies ATV bodies 1/8th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals 1/10th Electric Powered Upgradable Optionals 1/5th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals 1/8th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals 1/8th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals-1 1/10th Electric Powered Upgradable Optionals 1/10th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals others Brushless Motor Engines 1/10th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals-1 1/16-1/14th Gasoline Powered Upgradable Optionals Tire Transmitter&Accessories Transmitter&Receiver Electronic Speed Controller Accessories Accessories/tool Inquiry Basket( 0) 1/10TH SCALE 4WD ELECTRIC POWER TRUCK(MODEL NO.:94111TOP)
Model NO:94111TOP
Download Hspracing Co., LTD. - RC CAR Manufacturer
Address: Huangjiang Town,Dongguan
City,Guangdong Province,China
Telephone: 86-769-88342723
Fax: 86-769-84562011
Website: http://www.Hspracing.com
Email: info@hspracing.com
A passenger on a United Airlines flight was arrested after he allegedly refused to turn off his cell phone, punched another passenger and hit one of the officers trying to get him off the plane.United Flight 5587, operated by SkyWest Airlines, was heading from O'Hare Airport in Chicago to Dayton, Ohio, Thursday night.As the plane taxied down the runway around 7:40 p.m., crew members and other passengers asked Adam Kealing, 31, to turn off his cell phone. He refused.A man who recorded video of the incident, who wished to remain anonymous, said Kealing appeared to be drunk. The plane returned to the gate.The video shows Kealing got out of his seat and walked to the front of the plane, at which point someone said something to him. He punched that passenger.At that point, Chicago police officers had boarded the plane to remove him. As they wrestled him to the ground, he allegedly hit an officer as well."There was a gentleman sitting right in front of him. He looked at him and said, 'Really?' Then he punched him. The police were right there. The guy was seat-belted in, so he couldn't get out. The Chicago police were right on the spot. Then it was a big fight in the jet way. He was fighting the police and resisting them," said the man who recorded the video.No one else was hurt in the scuffle.Kealing, of Austin, Texas, faces four misdemeanor charges, including resisting arrest and battery causing bodily harm.
Casey Kasem's body is missing, and his wife Jean cannot be found either, TMZ reports.
Kasem's daughter said earlier this week that a month after the passing of her father, he had yet to be buried. But now the case is getting even weirder, as the radio host's body was apparently removed from the morgue the day before a judge ordered it remain for an autopsy.
MORE: Casey Kasem's wife throws raw meat at his daughter
The iconic radio personality died on June 15 at a hospital in Washington at age 82, but a rep for his daughter Kerri Kasem told People that his body remained unburied.
Casey's second wife Jean Kasem has the rights to his body.
Casey's kids are hoping to bury their father at Forest Lawn cemetery in Glendale, California, as they say he wished.
A hospital spokesman told People that the radio host's wife did collect his remains at the hospital following his death, but made no mention of what she planned to do with them.
RELATED: Casey Kasem Death--The Family Battle Continues
Kuwait's Decision To Jail People For 'Insulting' Tweets Sets A Dangerous Precedent
from the not-good-for-freedom dept
"We've been taken by surprise because Kuwait has always been known internationally and in the Arab world as a democracy-loving country," Humidi said. "People are used to democracy, but suddenly we see the constitution being undermined."
Kuwait has generally been a much more open and free society than some of its neighbors in the region, but there's been troubling news lately concerning the decision to put a man in jail for two years for a tweet "insulting the emir" followed quickly by another man getting the same sentence for the same offense. The news reports I've seen have not reported what the tweets actually said, but no matter what, this kind of censorship of political discourse is extremely troubling -- especially given the country's reputation for being more open to political dialogue.Of course, this is why we were so horrified by a French politician's recent efforts to ask Twitter to help censor tweets for what French government officials deemed "hate speech." Where do you draw the line? Who defines what kind of "hate speech" is being censored. I am sure that the Kuwaiti emir considers the insults directed his way a form of "hate speech," and, from there, you quickly slide into blatant political censorship.Of course, this seems only likely to backfire in a big way. As more and more people get used to being able to discuss things freely, when a government cracks down on such free speech, they're going to react negatively. Considering that many other countries in that region have used social media as a tool to organize protests and even to eventually overthrow a few governments, it would appear that overly sensitive Kuwaiti officials might want to learn to get thicker skins and learn that the best way to deal with "insulting" speech is to just ignore it.
Filed Under: emir, free speech, kuwait
Companies: twitter
Title VI Policies: Major Service Change & Fare Equity Analyses
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 states that “no person shall, on the grounds of race, color, or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.”
CNYRTA (Centro) is committed to the principles embodied in Title VI. Analysis of services provided by the Authority indicates a consistent history of excellent distribution of transit resources for the various populations in its service area. Centro serves a wide range of social, geographic and economic disparity, including most areas with higher populations of minorities, limited English proficiency and low-income populations. No particular group in the Centro service area is excluded from transit services.
Our customers should know that NO SERVICE OR FARE CHANGES ARE CURRENTLY BEING CONSIDERED. However, should changes be considered, Centro will adhere to the following Objectives and Policies:
CNYRTA Title VI Objectives
The Authority FTA Title VI objectives are as follows:
To ensure that transit benefits and related services are equitably distributed without regard to race, color, or national origin.
To ensure that the level and quality of transit services are sufficient to provide equal access and mobility for any person without regard to race, color, or national origin.
To ensure that opportunities to participate in the transit planning and decision making processes are provided to persons without regard to race, color, or national origin.
To ensure that decisions on the location of transit services and facilities are made without regard to race, color or national origin.
To ensure that corrective and remedial action is taken to prevent discriminatory treatment based on race, color or national origin.
1. Major Service Change Policy
CNYRTA will conduct an Equity Analysis to ensure that the impacts of fare changes &/or major service changes are not disproportionately borne by any minority or low-income populations. CNYRTA defines a Major Service Change as a change in any route, other than a school tripper, specialized service or experimental route, that 1) changes the number of service hours operated on any route by 25% or more, or, 2) changes the length of a route by 25% or more.
2. Disparate Impact Policy
Centro defines a disparate impact as an adverse effect of service changes or fare change borne disproportionately by minority populations. Centro's Policy is that any time there is a difference in adverse impacts between minority and non-minority populations of plus or minus 20% for service changes, or any time there is a difference in adverse impacts between minority and overall populations of plus or minus 20% for fare changes, such difference in adverse impacts are disparate. As an example, if the overall bus ridership on a route proposed for a major service change is composed of 40% minorities and 60% non-minorities, and minorities would bear 70% of the impacts and non-minority riders bearing 30% of the impacts; there is a disparate impact as the minority group bears 30% more than its expected share and non-minorities bear 30% less than their share. When a disparate impact is identified, Centro will consider modification of the proposal in order to avoid, minimize, or mitigate the disparate impact. This Disparate Impact Policy will be applied to all major service changes.
2a. Major Service Change - Analysis Framework
Centro may use any and all datasets available, applicable and appropriate in conducting equity analysis for major service changes. While Centro does not preclude the use of any dataset, ridership data by route and bus trip is the best data available for analysis of equity impacts on the riding public, therefore, when possible, route and trip specific data will be used. Ridership data is obtained through farebox counts, monitoring cameras or Automated Passenger Counters. However, these sources have limitations with respect to equity analysis, therefore, when resources are available, Centro will conduct periodic or “spot” rider surveys by route, which will enable an accurate assessment of impacts on the riding public with regards to race, color, national origin, income level and English proficiency.
Rider surveys can be labor intensive and, therefore, costly. When rider surveys are not readily available and/or cannot be obtained in a timely or cost-efficient manner to complete an equity analysis, data generated by the U.S. Census American Community Survey (ACS) may be combined with Census block level data or the smallest geographic area available. The demographic datasets applicable to race, color, national origin, income and English proficiency of the neighborhoods within those areas will be the datasets used. This method is also appropriate where surveys of existing ridership do not yield a statistically valid assessment, such as when service is proposed for a new corridor or neighborhood not previously served.
2b. Assessing Major Service Changes
Centro will show how the proposed major service change impacts minority and low-income populations at the geographic level by including:
Overlay maps showing proposed service changes as well as demographic data in order to study the affected population
Tables showing impacts associated with each type of route or service change (e.g., routing, frequency, span of service, addition or elimination of routes).
If a disparate impact exists and the proposed service changes must take place despite such impact:
Centro will clearly demonstrate that a substantial legitimate justification for the proposed service changes exists; and
Centro will clearly demonstrate that alternatives were analyzed to determine whether the proposed service changes are the least discriminatory alternative
Centro will take steps to avoid, minimize, or mitigate impacts where practicable.Alternatives available to low-income passengers affected by the service changes will also be considered.
In the case of a proposed service improvement, Centro will analyze accrual of benefits for minority populations as compared to non-minority populations, and low-income populations as compared to non-low-income populations, using the comparison population selected (i.e., ridership or service area).
If a service is proposed to be increased and/or expanded, but minority and/or low-income populations are not expected to benefit from the expansion as much as non-minority and/or non-low-income populations, then Centro will explain any plans to improve service to the minority and/or low-income populations.
Centro will describe any plans to restore service if/when additional funds become available.
2c. Fare Equity Analysis
Centro defines a fare related disparate impact as an adverse effect of a fare change borne disproportionately by minority or low-income populations. A disproportionate impact is present if there is a difference in adverse impacts between minority and overall populations or low-income and overall populations of plus or minus 20%.
When a fare change is proposed, Centro will analyze the fare media usage data generated from ridership surveys indicating whether minority and/or low-income riders are disproportionately more likely to use the payment type or fare media that would be subject to the fare increase or decrease.
Centro will include a profile of fare usage by group – minority, low-income and overall ridership.
If the proposed changes would only affect certain fare media, the analysis should address whether focusing changes on those fare media may lead to a disparate impact or disproportionate burden.
Centro will depict the information in tabular format.The table will depict the fare media comparing the existing cost, the percent change, and the usage of minority groups as compared to overall usage and low-income groups as compared to overall usage.Centro will analyze fare media for minority groups distinct from low-income.
Centro will compare the differences in impacts between minority users and overall users and analyze any alternative fare payment types, or fare media available for people affected by the fare change.The analysis will compare the fares paid by the proposed changes with fares that would be paid through available alternatives.
If Centro determines that a disparate impact exists, a modification to the fare change proposal will be considered to remove the impacts.If the proposal is modified, Centro will analyze the modified proposal to determine whether minority populations will experience disparate impacts.Centro will also explore alternatives, including the timing of implementing the fare increases, providing discounts on passes to social service agencies that serve the impacted populations, and other alternatives as appropriate.
Should you have any questions regarding these Title VI Objectives and Policies, you may contact Centro by email at cnyrta@centro.org, by phone at (315) 442-3400 or by written correspondence addressed to:
Central New York Regional Transportation Authority (Centro)
Title VI
200 Cortland Ave. PO Box 820
Syracuse, NY 13205
Signature gathering soon begins for a proposal to allow public school employees with a valid permit to carry a concealed weapon in school. Initiative-175 has cleared the necessary legal hurdles to appear on the 2016 ballot if sponsor Chet Billi can get the necessary number of signatures.
Billi's a 17 year old senior at Whitefish High School and a self-described gun enthusiast.
"It bothers me whenever we have a national tragedy such as a Sandy Hook or Columbine that the first thing people want to do is take guns away from the very people who could stop incidents like this."
Montana School Superintendent Denise Juneau says this proposal is both risky and unnecessary. Juneau also says many schools are already training for various crisis situations.
Montana's Attorney General has approved the language of a proposed ballot measure that would allow public school employees with valid permits to carry a concealed handgun in school.
Billi believes armed public school employees would be the best deterrent to a potential school shooting incident.
"The possibility that there could be a teacher carrying (a weapon on school grounds) I think is going to act as more of a deterrent to violence in our schools than the current signs we have outside our schools that say 'No Firearms Allowed'".
Juneau disagrees, "No, I'm not going to support the new initiative."
She thinks it's a bad idea to start allowing guns in schools, even if those firearms are carried by responsible employees with valid concealed carry permits.
"Because schools are supposed to be safe places for learning, adding guns into that mix threatens that," says Juneau. "It just has so much opportunity for crisis to happen that it's just a bad idea."
Juneau says Montana schools are actively working with law enforcement to develop crisis-response protocols for all kind of situations. She feels that's the best way to prepare for problems.
Billi believes there is a different way to solve gun-related problems.
"If somebody is dead set on killing somebody, the law is the last thing on their mind," says Billi. "The way you stop someone like that is you put a gun in the victim's hands. The whole purpose of a concealed handgun is that nobody knows you have it."
Billi needs to collect over 24,000 valid voter signatures to get I-175 on the 2016 ballot. He says he hopes to recruit Montana gun retailers to help him do that.
Shannon Lee Remembers Her Brother Brandon
It was a little over 20 years ago that actor Brandon Lee, son of action movie icon Bruce Lee, died after an accident on the set of The Crow, which became a posthumous hit for the rising young star. Next year marks the 20th anniversary of the release of the film, while this year marks the 40th anniversary of the release of Enter The Dragon, the first Hollywood kung fu movie, which turned Bruce Lee into an international superstar posthumously. I recently spoke with Bruce's daughter Shannon Lee about the seminal film and her father's legacy for MSN Movies, and during our conversation we discussed her thoughts on Brandon.
“My brother was very focused, but he also had this free-spiritedness about him,” recalled Shannon. “He wasn't afraid to push boundaries and color outside the lines throughout his life, and he was constantly working towards becoming a better and better actor. Even in high school, he was in all the plays even if they were musicals, and he really wasn't a singer. I remember he was in Fiddler On The Roof in high school, and for his senior project he transcribed a couple of episodes of The Twilight Zone off of the television and cast them and directed the episodes for stage. He went to college for about a semester, but what he really wanted to do was act. He was in school at Emerson College in Boston, and he was spending every free moment going down to New York and auditioning.”
Brandon decided to quit school and return to Los Angeles to act, and his mother encouraged him but emphasized that he needed to make it on his own. “He got a little hole-in-the-wall apartment and started doing acting classes and auditioning for local theater around Hollywood,” continued Shannon. “Then he got a manager and started getting some parts. Obviously he had a foot in the door being who he was, but it was sort of a blessing and a curse for him because he really didn't want to do martial arts films, he really just wanted to act. It was a difficulty, but at the same time he was very talented physically and in martial arts. I think he saw that as a way in as my father did go to Hong Kong to do the movies as a way in to Hollywood. I think that it was working for my brother as well. He made Showdown In Little Tokyo, Rapid Fire, and then The Crow. Even though The Crow was an ‘action film' of sorts, it was much more of a thematic piece, and it required him to really create a character, which I think he did very, very well. I think it would've opened up a lot more doors for him.”
Without Government Subsidies, Tesla Sales In Hong Kong Fall To Zero
If you need proof that government subsidies are the only thing propping up the green energy industry, look no further than Hong Kong.
As reported by the Wall Street Journal, newly registered Tesla cars in Hong Kong fell from from 3000 in March, to 0 in April.
Why?
Because Hong Kong stopped providing massive tax breaks to people buying Tesla vehicles. In fact, in April the price of the Tesla Model S four-door car rose from $75,000 to $130,000—a giant 60% increase.
So much for Tesla's dream of “affordable” electric cars.
Without government subsidies that make their vehicles affordable, Tesla is finished. Even with subsidies, they still manage to lose $13,000 on every car they sell.
Government subsidies keep the green energy industry competitive. Period.
The worst part is that electric cars don't do much for the environment either. The amount of carbon “saved” by electric vehicles is valued at around $35. The below video makes the point nicely.
Of course, it's not just Tesla. The entire green industry relies upon government subsidies. Anyone else remembers Solyndra?
Hong Kong provides an important lesson to people that think investing in green energy is a good idea: after over a decade in the market and billions invested in research, Tesla still isn't profitable without taxpayer money.
Green energy is simply a wealth redistribution scheme. When will people learn that throwing money at problems (a form of political iatrogenics) doesn't work.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
SAINT JOHN, N.B. -- New Brunswick's premier is making a passionate plea for tolerance on bilingualism, as he seeks to debunk long-standing "myths" of its costs amid a perceived increase in linguistic tensions.
It is Canada's only officially bilingual province, and Premier Brian Gallant says it takes work, co-operation, and frank discussions to make it work.
"I have seen too many times, people unfortunately not being as tolerant as we would like. It has had a direct impact on my family and people that I love. I think this lack of tolerance and pragmatism explains some, if not a lot of the tension. But there are also a lot of misunderstandings, myths and exaggerations that need to be debunked," Gallant said Monday in a speech to the Saint John Board of Trade.
He said while there has been some uproar over the need for separate school buses for French and English students in New Brunswick, it should be noted that the per-student cost is actually three per cent less than in neighbouring Nova Scotia.
"Yet many focused on this issue in order to spark tensions -- of course, they didn't cite the real facts in doing so," Gallant said.
The government has asked the New Brunswick Court of Appeal to examine the issue.
"Is there an absolute right to distinct buses along side a distinct school system? Or is there not? Or is there some middle ground? Those are fair questions and that's why we've asked the highest court in the province to answer them," Gallant told the crowd.
Gallant blamed the downturn in the economy and the growth of social media for a perceived rise in linguistic tensions in the province.
"Nowadays those on all sides of an issue have a platform to express their views, and they can express those views to hundreds -- people they might never have found before. It seems that those who might be a bit more radical will have an opportunity to disproportionately influence the dialogue," he said.
Gallant grew up in a home where his father was francophone, and his mother was anglophone, and the three children were bilingual.
Gallant recalled being 10 years old and speaking with his mother on a pay phone from school where he was in French immersion. A teacher overheard him speaking English and scolded him. Gallant said he tried to explain that his mother didn't speak English, but the teacher kept insisting that he speak French, and he hung up on his mother.
"We do not live in a world that is black and white. We need to protect the minority language but we have to be pragmatic about it. When a child can't tell his mother what time to pick him up from school, it plants a seed of tension in both of them," Gallant said.
He said most people in the province have stories -- positive and negative -- on how they have been effected by bilingualism.
He said too many people believe that you have to be bilingual in order to get a government job in the province, but he said 55 per cent of civil service jobs in the province are English only.
The French school system does cost a bit more per student than the anglophone system, he said, but that's because the French system has fewer students and doesn't have the same economy of scale.
He told the business audience that bilingualism and diversity are benefits to the province's economy and social fabric.
He will give the same speech, but in French, on Wednesday to business leaders in Caraquet.
Gallant said his government will have announcements later this week concerning adult second language training and French immersion.
-- By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton.
Image: Zone3/YouTube
On Wednesday, revenge porn site operator Hunter Moore was sentenced to two and a half years in federal prison. He will also be paying a $2,000 fine, and on top of that, a bizarrely specific $145.70 in restitution.
$145.70: the price of being a revenge porn victim.
Charlotte Laws, the mother of one of the victims, is an anti-revenge porn activist whose work helped take down Hunter Moore. She told me she was dissatisfied with the sentence, saying, "I think it was like capturing Jack the Ripper and giving him community service."
The $145.70 is being paid to a single victim, identified only as L.B. Her email account was hacked in 2011 by Moore's co-defendant, Charles Evens, who was sentenced to 25 months in prison last week. Hunter Moore paid Evens to acquire as many hacked photos as possible. These photos were published on his website, often alongside real names and contact information, all without the consent of the victims.
Moore openly called himself a "professional life-ruiner." In the case of L.B., he paid Evens $145.70 to do exactly that.
Now $145.70 is going back to L.B., as restitution for Moore trying to ruin her life. It's the only restitution that the "king of revenge porn" is going to be paying in the federal case against him.
The thing is, the price of having revenge porn posted of you doesn't have to be limited to what Hunter Moore paid for it. Back in April, Kevin Bollaert, another revenge porn site operator, was ordered to pay $15,000 in restitution to the victims. On top of that, he got significantly more prison time than Hunter Moore—Bollaert was sentenced to 18 years in prison.
I talked to Carrie Goldberg, an internet privacy and sexual consent lawyer based in New York, and a board member of the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative, about what that restitution could have been. She said that it could have included lost income, child care, transportation, and "other expenses related to the investigation and prosecution of the offense." (Many revenge porn victims have reported losing their jobs after nude pictures of them were posted on the internet.)
Goldberg added that in cases of identity theft—one of the charges that Moore pled guilty to— the law would also allow for restitution "equal to the value of the time reasonably spent by the victim to deal with the harm."
The tiny amount of restitution has partly to do with Moore's plea bargain. He pleaded guilty to counts 2 and 9 of the indictment (which had a total of fifteen counts)—one count under the Computer Fraud & Abuse Act, and one count of aggravated identity theft. Counts 2 and 9 relate only to one victim, L.B.
From Hunter Moore's indictment.
"Although there were thousands of women victimized by Moore, in all likelihood, the amount is so low because it reflects only that one victim's financial losses," said Goldberg.
"It is not fair that other victims, many of whom tirelessly contributed to the prosecution and suffered immeasurable financial hardship from his conduct, are excluded from restitution simply because of the narrow scope of his guilty plea," she said.
Goldberg told me, however, that it wasn't too late for the other victims. Under 18 USC § 3663, restitution can go to "persons other than the victim of the offense." In her opinion, "victims who suffered loss as a result of Moore should move for an amended restitution order."
The full number of victims is still unknown. Although the original indictment is based on seven victims, there were doubtlessly many, many more. Charles Evens alone admitted to hacking "hundreds of accounts."
When federal agents first showed up at Charlotte Laws's door, they told her that they weren't going to take the case, because they typically only took cases where there's a significant loss of money.
"It's not really about that, it's not about financial loss, it's about other losses," Laws told me on the phone. "Possibly losing jobs and things like that." But she added that at least one victim had wiped out her life savings to hire an attorney to get her photos off the website, spending up to $10,000 in legal fees.
Laws handed the FBI a file of information—about Moore, his associates, and his victims—she had collected. "That's when they took the case, because they realized it wasn't just my daughter, but that there were a lot of hacked victims around the country," she said. As the FBI continued to investigate Moore, Laws kept calling them to add more victims to the case. Eventually they asked her to stop.
"'We have so many now, if you keep calling, we have to keep expanding our investigation,'" Laws said the bureau told her. "Because, I guess, they had a certain due diligence they had to do with each victim that was found."
"This man is full of hate."
But on the other hand, Laws also says that at one point, this was the only case that the Los Angeles cybercrimes division of the FBI was handling. When reached for comment, a spokesperson for the Department of Justice wrote in an email, "It simply is not correct to say that, at any point, this was the only case being investigated by the FBI's computer unit."
K. Laws, Charlotte Laws's daughter, was the only victim who came to court to read her testimony during sentencing. (A second victim letter was read to the court by the prosecutor.)
"My privacy was violated by Hunter Moore…a guy I did not know, a total stranger," she said. "He called himself a 'professional life-ruiner,' which is exactly what he was and that's exactly what he did to me. I can't begin to express the amount of anger and pain I have built up inside of me because of this man. He completely flipped my world upside down."
She went on to describe how she had lost her job, lost a role in a movie, and had been humiliated in front of countless people. She talked about threats she had received, and how she and her mother had been stalked. She also said that Moore had called her a "whore" to his 600,000 Twitter followers, and that he had lied about sleeping with her.
"There is no ounce of humanity in Hunter Moore and nor do I believe he is capable of rehabilitation," K. Laws said in court. "This man is full of hate. I will carry the trauma of this experience with me for the rest of my life. What Hunter Moore did was 1000 times worse than anything Charlie Evens did."
---
K. Laws's victim statement, which has not been published previously, is reproduced in full below:
My privacy was violated by Hunter Moore… a guy I did not know, a total stranger. He called himself a "professional life-ruiner," which is exactly what he was and that's exactly what he did to me. I can't begin to express the amount of anger and pain I have built up inside of me because of this man. He completely flipped my world upside down.
Over three years ago, Hunter Moore paid a man named Charlie Evans to hack into my private email account to steal my photos. A few months before I was hacked, I had taken the photos alone in the mirror in my bedroom. These photos had never been seen nor sent to anyone. I had absolutely no intention of letting anyone see them. I took tons of photos. Most of them were clothed. I emailed them to myself to eventually save on my computer. They were in a private folder called "my pix" along with a plethora of other photos of my dogs, little brothers, parents and such.
I found out my photos were online while at my then waitressing job. I received a phone call from the hostess not working that night telling me to step outside because she had something urgent to tell me. I stepped outside and she proceeded to tell me that I had a topless photo online along with my full name, Twitter account link, and current city. As total shock was taking over me, she said she was so sorry this happened to me. I felt exposed, ashamed and broke into tears. I could barely finish my shift at work and accidentally spilled water on some customers. I didn't know what else to do other than call my mom. I made her promise not to tell anyone including my father and step-father. I was hoping no one would see it, but within a day a mass text with my photo had been sent to everyone at my restaurant. The assistant manager said she could get me fired over it, and I lost a role in a film, not to mention the tens of thousands of strangers who saw, commented on or even possibly saved the photo.
When I got home that night I noticed a bunch of random guys adding me on Facebook and following me on social media. I received vile sexual messages and rude comments. One guy told me he saved the photo, which mortified me. The porn star Ron Jeremy even contacted me to "talk business." This disgusted me immensely. I was worried my name would be tainted and my friends would find out… which they eventually did. I had to watch every move on social media in order to deal with harsh comments and judgments from those around me. I felt hurt that someone would go to such an extent to expose someone in such a nasty way. I didn't want to go anywhere or do anything. During most of the time period when my photo was on the website I was in bed curled into a ball feeling unable to act or move.
I did do one thing, however. I decided to email Hunter Moore. I asked him nicely to remove my photo which shortly turned into me pleading with him. But still he wouldn't take it down.
Hunter Moore instead decided to publicly brag online to his 600,000 followers by lying about me and further damaging my reputation. He called me a whore, and he wrote on Twitter, "I fucked Charlotte Laws' daughter so many times" and "her daughter sucks the best cock." Your honor, I've never been in the same room with Hunter Moore except in court.
While my mom was trying to remove the photo from the Internet for me, life was very stressful in and out of home. At home, I was scared for my life. There was even a stalker parked in front of our house on two nights. Once he noticed that we had seen him, he sped off almost crashing into our neighbor's wall. My mom received threatening phone calls and tweets from members of Hunter Moore's cult. Some people said they would kill her, and Hunter Moore himself said he would buy a gun and kill the person who started the FBI investigation, who happened to be my mother. This terrified me. My mom and I even went as far as to put metal poles under our beds as weapons in case someone decided to break in and harm us. Outside of the home, I had people who I didn't even know mention that they knew about my photo. I still get people saying it to this day, and I have never really known how to respond.
When my photos were finally off of his website, it did not stop him. He then threatened to re-post my photos online. He sent a tweet to my mom saying, "Posting your daughter's nudes tonight. I am Internet and SEO genius." Then he wrote again "I'll ruin your life and your daughter's the fun way. When you and your daughter get my dick out of your mouths, you will realize how hard I troll you." He also tried to harass me and mom online by linking our names with his YouTube video titled "How to have sex with cripples."
There is no ounce of humanity in Hunter Moore and nor do I believe he is capable of rehabilitation. This man is full of hate. I will carry the trauma of this experience with me for the rest of my life.
What Hunter Moore did was 1000 times worse than anything Charlie Evens did.
Beginning November 1st, composers, musicians, writers and singers from all over the state of Georgia and beyond are meeting up in Atlanta to participate in the Atlanta Opera's 24 Hour Opera Project. The participants split into teams to write and perform an opera…in 24 hours. During 2012's event, two of our producers—Scott Casavant and Myke Johns—spent time with one team of participants to get a closer look at the process of writing and staging an opera in a day.
Just to be clear, 24 hour opera does not mean an opera that lasted 24 hours. In this annual competition, composers and lyricists who had never met are randomly paired together and locked in rehearsal studios to write a seven-to-ten minute opera opera in 12 hours. Teams of singers and directors rehearsed what they'd written and the following night, all five resulting operas were performed in front of an audience and a panel of judges.
We met composer Natalie Williams, who teaches Music Theory and Composition at the University of Georgia. She was paired with Atlanta playwright Vynnie Meli. This was her third time competing in the 24 Hour Opera.
This year's theme was “Convincing Confessions.” In addition to the theme, each team were given two props which they had to work into the show. Williams and Meli wrote through the night, coming up with a short piece titled “The Puddle of Youth.”
You can see the final performances of all five operas on the Atlanta Opera's website here.
Joe Marler was seen kicking Arnaud Heguy in the head while the French hooker was on the ground
Harlequins prop Joe Marler and Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell have both been handed two-week bans after incidents during European fixtures.
Marler, 25, was found guilty of kicking hooker Arnaud Heguy in his side's 30-6 win over Grenoble in the Challenge Cup.
England team-mate Farrell, 24, was cited for a dangerous tackle on scrum-half Dan Robson in Sarries' Champions Cup semi-final victory over Wasps.
Both players have the right to appeal against the decisions.
The duo will miss the end of the regular Premiership season, but will be free to play in their club sides' respective European finals in Lyon and England's game with Wales in May.
Marler, who has 42 international caps, was playing his first game since being banned for calling Wales' Samson Lee "Gypsy boy" during the Six Nations.
The forward admitted to committing an act of foul play but told a disciplinary hearing he did not accept the incident warranted a red card.
He was charged under Law 10.4 (c), which normally carries a low-end sanction of four weeks, a sentence which would have ruled him out of the Challenge Cup final against Montpellier.
Saracens back Owen Farrell was shown a yellow card but his side went on to win 24-19 against Wasps on Saturday
Farrell received a yellow card for his incident but did not accept that he committed an act of foul play.
He was given a low-end sanction of two weeks, with an extra week added as a deterrent. However, the European Rugby disciplinary panel opted to reduce the ban back down to a fortnight because of Farrell's clean record.
Meanwhile, Wasps prop Simon McIntyre has also been suspended for two weeks after he admitted to kicking Saracens and England lock Maro Itoje in the Champions Cup defeat by Saracens.
A new report on the potential for geothermal power in the United Kingdom claims the country is sitting on vast reserves of the renewable, enough in fact to find 20 percent of its energy needs.
The technical report, published by engineering consultants Sinclair Knight Merz (SKM), said deep geothermal resources could provide 9.5 gigawatts (GW) of baseload renewable electricity – equivalent to nearly nine nuclear power stations. Moreover, the authors said the potential heat from geothermal could equal 100 GW.
According to the report, the geothermal reserves are widely spread across the UK with hotspots in the Southwest, in Northern England, and in Northern Ireland and Scotland.
However, the report's authors complained that this vast potential risked going undeveloped because the UK government may be unwilling to help foster the development of geothermal sites in the country.
The UK geothermal power industry is currently awaiting the Renewables Obligation (RO) Banding Review undertaken by the government. The RO banding decides the rate of support renewables receive by placing an obligation on licensed electricity suppliers in the UK to source an increasing proportion of electricity from renewable sources.
Following the RO banding, which came into effect in April 2009, electricity generated from geothermal technology falls into the “innovative” technology band and is thus eligible for support at a rate of two Renewable Obligation Certificates (ROCs) per megawatt-hour generated.
However, industry figures say this level is too low to stimulate domestic investment.
In a statement, Dr Ryan Law, Chair of the REA Deep Geothermal Group, said: “We don't want to be left out of a global industry which is estimated to be worth £30 billion by 2020. We could be at the forefront of this industry given the strength of British engineering skills.
“If the UK wants to seize a share of this booming global market we must prove our competence at home. Clearly investment at home could also go a long way to meeting our future energy needs cleanly and safely.”
Geothermal comes from capturing the heat emitted naturally by radioactive rocks beneath the surface of the earth. Developers capture the energy by cracking open the rocks and pumping water through them and back up to the surface. The water comes up boiling and the steam rotates a turbine.
Unlike other forms of renewable energy such as solar or wind, geothermal offers the advantage that it can produce power without break, regardless of the time of the day or weather conditions. A drawback of geothermal, however, is the major investment needed to start operations: scouting out suitable sites and drilling down to the geothermal rocks is a costly and lengthy process.
According to REA, the UK industry has only around half the levels of support seen in Germany and Switzerland. REA said that as a result of support in Germany, the deep geothermal industry now employs 6,000 people and has attracted 4 billion euros of investment.
written by Tara Haelle
Magic words and passwords are fun – and good learning tools. We teach our children to say the “magic word” when they ask for something, and many of us teach our children a password to use with school pick-ups so they don't go home with a stranger.
But there's one bird species that one-ups us humans on special passwords – the superb fairy-wrens of southeastern Australia. Not only do they teach their chicks a special secret password note, but they do it before the chicks even hatch. And just like humans, they're trying to keep the strangers away. These are the findings of Diane Colombelli-Négrel and her colleagues in a Nov. 8 study in Current Biology.
See, fairy-wrens are a bird species who are sometimes exploited by a “brood parasite.” Brood parasites are animals that use the parenting of a different species to save themselves all that energy of raising their young. It's like having a baby and dropping it off in your neighbor's bassinet to deal with to save you the trouble. In the case of superb fairy-wrens, the brood parasite is the Horsfield's bronze cuckoo. Momma cuckoos lay their eggs in fairy-wren nests with the expectation that once the cuckoo chick hatches, he'll reap the benefits of having a fairy-wren mother to feed and protect him.
But fairy-wrens have adapted to this evolutionary trick with a clever one of their own. A little more than halfway through their 14-day incubation, starting on day nine, fairy-wren mothers sing an “incubation song” while sitting on their eggs. Every four minutes, she sings a two-second tune, and the little growing chicks in her eggs are listening… and learning.
She sings daily until the eggs hatch five days later, and then the chicks do what any other newborn bird does: they beg for food. But their begging cries contain a single unique note pulled from their mother's song. That note becomes a password letting the mother fairy-wren know that each of these chicks are really hers.
So what about the cuckoos? Well the mother cuckoos usually drop off their eggs just a few days before the fairy-wrens hatch – too late in the incubation period for the cuckoo chicks inside to learn the password note. When a cuckoo posing as a fairy-wren hatches, he doesn't know the password of his fake step-brothers and sisters, so he doesn't incorporate that single special note into his cries. And so the fairy-wren mother ignores him. In fact, when she notices there's interloper in the nest, she and her mate will usually fly off and make a new nest elsewhere.
Colombelli-Negrel and her colleagues discovered this unique password adaptation through a series of cross-fostering experiments. They observed 15 fairy-wren nests during incubation periods, when they heard the mothers singing to their eggs. When they swapped eggs of fairy-wrens among the nests, the newly hatched chicks begged for food using the special note of the mother who incubated them, not the foster mother whose nest they hatched in. When the researchers played a loudspeaker under a nest with the wrong begging call, the mother fairy-wrens didn't feed their chicks.
Fairy-wrens stick with their mates for life, so dad is involved in caring for the chicks as well. But often so are other males because even though the fairy-wrens are socially monogamous, they tend to have open marriages – both males and females will mate with others, and a clutch of eggs is often the result of different more than father.
The female fairy-wrens therefore make sure that dad and any other helpers know the secret password by singing them a “solicitation song” away from the nest. If dad or any other helpers are assisting with feeding, then, like mom, they only feed the chicks who sing the secret password.
Bowing to demands from graft suspect Comr. Gen. Budi Gunawan, endorsed by the House of Representatives as the next National Police chief on Thursday, President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo has forced serving National Police chief Gen. Sutarman to take early retirement.
A source at the Presidential Palace said that Jokowi had also dismissed National Police detective division head Comr. Gen. Suhardi Alius and assigned him to be secretary of the National Resilience Institute (Lemhanas).
"Figures in the top ranks who strongly opposed Budi's nomination as police chief have been replaced," said the source.
Sutarman and Suhardi, a promising officer who leads reform at the graft-ridden institution, have been accused of helping provide the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) with evidence to prosecute Budi following reports of suspicious bank accounts in his name.
With opposition widespread across civil society, Jokowi has yet to inaugurate Budi, who currently serves as National Police head of education and training.
Jokowi has furthermore appointed National Police deputy chief Comr. Gen. Badrodin Haiti as acting national police chief. Like Budi, Badrodin is among a number of police generals to have held bank accounts considered suspicious by watchdog the Financial Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (PPATK) in 2010.
Badrodin is known to be a mentor of Budi.
Budi's assistant, the head of education and training for high-ranking officer Insp. Gen. Budi Waseso, is set to replace Suhardi. (ren)
Bath are not setting a return date for their England flanker Sam Underhill, who has not played since sustaining a second concussion of the season playing for England against Australia last month.
Underhill had hoped to be back in action for Bath's European Champions Cup matches against Toulon, but the 21-year-old flanker has continued to show symptoms of concussion and Bath are not prepared to take any risks with him.
“Sam is still really symptomatic,” the Bath director of rugby, Todd Blackadder, said after Bath's 26-21 victory against Toulon on Saturday night took them to the top of their European Champions Cup group. “Even last Tuesday he was showing signs of what happened when he was with England. It is one of those really frustrating ones: we want him out there as soon as we can and I hope he is in contention for next week.
Sam Underhill: ‘If Eddie does not text you that is probably a good thing' Read more
“We put him under some physical pressure and he did not feel 100%. We have specialists here and it is symptomatic of concussion. It is one of those things you have to deal with. I have experienced this [in New Zealand] with Kieran Read and Richie McCaw. You have to trust the process: specialists will make the right calls.
“We would never put a player in danger. You have to wait and see. Player safety is really important and we have to get it right. It can create anxiety for players because they have to think about their careers and what happens if it all finishes now.”
Bath are also without their Wales and Lions No8 Taulupe Faletau who sustained knee ligament damage during the first match against Toulon nine days ago. It was initially feared he could be out for up to 16 weeks, but a specialist said the forward did not require surgery and the forward is expected to be back within 12 weeks.
Blackadder hopes the victory against Toulon will fortify his side for the second half of the season. They had blown leads in two Premiership matches at home in the final minutes this season, but held firm to give them a sight advantage in what is a three-way tussle in a group that is likely to provide two quarter-finalists, with the Scarlets one point behind the top two.
“I think it is a massive mindset shift for us that we can trust ourselves to front up against anyone,” Blackadder said. “It was more than a win, it was a psychological victory. We trusted ourselves in defence and attack and I think we will really grow from this. There is more to come.”
Wales' Six Nations hopes to hit by Taulupe Faletau's knee injury Read more
Anthony Watson scored two of Bath's three tries with moments of individual brilliance from full-back in front of the England head coach, Eddie Jones, who so far has started him on the wing.
“I am always happy to cross the whitewash, but I was happier to get the win,” Watson said. “It does not matter if Eddie is at the ground, he is always watching. The positions of wing and full-back are interchangeable in today's game and the skills that make you a better wing will also make you a better full-back.
“I prefer playing full-back at Bath with the way we play, very much on the counter-attack. When it comes to England, it is always a massive privilege to represent your country and I am happy to play wherever Eddie picks me.”
NEW YORK — The San Jose Earthquakes landed Generation adidas goalkeeper David Bingham in a weighted player lottery held on Wednesday afternoon.
San Jose was one of 13 MLS clubs that participated in the lottery with a chance to land the prized prospect. They had the fifth best chance to secure the player's services (8.8 percent chance). New England (23.6 percent), Toronto FC (17.9 percent), Chicago Fire (15.3 percent) and the Seattle Sounders (10.8 percent) had better odds.
The lottery mechanism is employed for players who sign their first professional contract after the SuperDraft. The former Cal netminder concluded a trial with Fulham FC in England before opting for the MLS contract.
Now he will join first-choice incumbent Jon Busch and recent draftee Philip Tuttle from Notre Dame as one of three goalkeepers competing for the starting spot this preseason in San Jose.
Bingham became the 11th member of the 2011 Generation adidas class and the sixth member of the Golden Bears to join an MLS club as a rookie. Demetrius Omphroy (Toronto FC), Davis Paul (Chicago Fire), AJ Soares (New England Revolution), Hector Jimenez (LA Galaxy) and Servando Carrasco (Seattle Sounders) were the other selections.
Before the lottery, the Pleasanton, California resident had expressed an interest in remaining on the West coast in order to complete his university requirements to graduate from Cal. The lottery fell his way.
From ifeng & NetEase:
Shaanxi Zhenping County Family Planning Bureau forcibly aborts woman's 7-month-old fetus
Recently, a forum post said that the Government of Zengjia Town, Zhenping County, Ankang City, Shaanxi Province illegally took a 7-month-pregnant woman into custody, and forcibly induced labor in order to abort her unborn child. The pregnant woman, Feng Jianmei from Ankang City, was unable to pay the fine of 40,000 RMB for breaking the One-Child Policy, and was illegally taken into custody by the local town government, and forced to abort her baby. At 3:00 am June 4th, 36 hours after Feng Jianmei was compelled to accept a labor inducing injection, the dead fetus was taken out of her abdomen. The 7-month fetus was almost fully developed. A week later, photos of Feng Jianmei and her dead fetus were uploaded onto the internet, causing a controversy. Without notifying the family, induced labor was forced upon the unborn child. With regards to this, the Population and Family Planning Bureau of Zhenping County responded on its official website saying that the woman's pregnancy does not conform to the [One-Child] Policy; however, after repeated persuasion by the county government cadres, the pregnant woman finally agreed to terminate the pregnancy and received the pregnancy termination procedure at 3:40 pm, June 2nd.
Feng Jianmei told the reporter that because she could not afford the fine of 40,000 RMB for having a second child, at 9:00 am on June 2nd, she was escorted to a hospital by about 20 to 30 county government employees and at 3:00 pm that day was injected with “poisonous drugs” to induce labor.
She was violently treated on the way to the hospital because she continued to resist and when she was at the hospital, no family members were present to be with her. According to Feng Jianmei, on May 29th, Deng Jiyuan [Feng Jianmei's husband] had left home and was on his way to Inner Mongolia. On May 30th, the county government began sending people over, in four-man four-hour shifts, to guard her. On June 1st, using the excuse of “going grocery shopping”, she escaped to Deng Jiyuan's aunt's place to go into hiding, but was ultimately found later that same evening. The county government employees then used bricks to block the door to prevent her from escaping. The next morning, they escorted her to the hospital.
Feng Jianmei showing the bruises on her body.
Comments from ifeng:
凤凰网中国网友：微浪1
A 7-and-half-month-old fetus can totally survive. My daughter was born when she was six months and a half. She is now 4 years old, healthy, smart, just a little bit shorter than children of her age. But doctors say she will catch up her height with other children of her age when she is older than 10.
凤凰网河南省郑州市网友：祖国国民
This is just the tip of the iceberg.
凤凰网广东省中山市网友：mast123
If she had money, this life would've been saved!
凤凰网广东省深圳市网友：鸡同鸭讲
It is stated in our country's constitution that a fetus of six months is considered a “person”. This is case of murder.
凤凰网四川省泸州市网友：sbwvfiii
As someone who is already a father, looking at these photos breaks my heart!
凤凰网北京市网友：xiao0612
Ma Yinchu, the former president of Peking University who promoted the One-Child Policy, has 8 children himself.
凤凰网湖北省荆门市网友 荆门反恐精英
We must crack down on those criminals who break the One-Child Policy!
凤凰网湖北省网友：尼玛瓦德拉
My unborn little brother was not only forcibly aborted, our family was still fined. Sigh…
凤凰网天津市网友：劳苦大众劳苦大众
Such a cruel act, no better than the Japanese devils!!!!!!!
凤凰网新疆阿克苏市网友：gaojian799
Buddha, please let them get what they deserve!
Comments from NetEase:
网易广东省深圳市罗湖区网友:
Fuck you, you bunch of apes.
苍狼00119 [网易山东省泰安市网友]：
Because she couldn't pay the 40,000 yuan fine for having a second child… May I ask, if she had the money, would she have been able to have the child? A 7-month-old life is not worth 40,000 RMB!
瓜白 [网易陕西省西安市网友]：
There are no limits [to what people are capable of] anymore, hehe.
个人关点 [网易福建省漳州市网友]：
Anyone who is human would not be capable of doing this. For money, you guys have sold your consciences.
cs是一种信仰 [网易山东省青岛市网友]：
One word: Beasts.
胖飞飞 [网易浙江省台州市网友]：
As someone who has just become a father, I only want to say they're worse than animals, CNM!
网易北京市网友：
Utterly heartless.
要有个好身体 [网易北京市网友]：
Intentional homicide!
网易广东省深圳市福田区网友：
One of my friends became a county family planning cadre after graduation and firmly quit after a year, saying he could no longer rob the ordinary common people of their money! Let alone directly forcibly inducing abortions! If any faction leader has any chivalry, please send some people to take out these inhuman bastards!
背影1 [网易广东省网友]：
These sons of bitches.
What do you think?
One of Amazon's prototype drones, making a trial delivery. Amazon Amazon's ambitions to build a fleet of self-flying delivery drones will have an interesting side-effect: They will create unimaginable quantities of data.
Aerial footage, mapping data, flight patterns, number-crunching analysis, and more — autonomous vehicles produce vast reams of data, and drones are no different. And Amazon is already thinking about how it can turn that to its advantage.
In a filing for a patent granted on Tuesday, the Seattle-based online retail giant lays out how "captured data may be received by a computer system and properties about a destination for the delivery may be identified by analyzing the data. A recommendation may be generated based at least in part on the identified properties."
In plain English? Amazon's drones could analyse customers' homes as they make deliveries, and then try and sell them products and services based on what they "see."
One example Amazon gives is that it could recommend a roof-repair service if a customer's roof looks faulty:
"For example, the one or more service provider computers may analyze the data and identify that the roof of the location is in disrepair and in need of service. Subsequently, the one or more service provider computers may generate and provide a recommendation to the customer informing them of the identified property and offering an item or service that is appropriate for the identified property (e.g., a roof repair service recommendation)."
In another, it suggests it could recognise if a customer' trees are dying, and then recommend them an arborist or fertiliser:
"The unmanned aerial vehicle may capture video data that includes brown and dying trees located near the user's home. The service provider computers may utilize image and/or video recognition techniques and software to identify that the trees require service (e.g., services that can be provided by an arborist). The service provider computers may, in response to identifying that the trees near the user's home are dying, generate and provide a recommendation to the user that includes information about arborist services or items such as fertilizers that can help the user's trees."
These recommendations — or adverts, depending on how you look at them — could be delivered by email, text message, or a notification on Amazon, the patent suggests.
A diagram from the patent filing showing how the adverts might work. Amazon
There are clear privacy concerns about Amazon analysing your backyard for potential retail opportunities — though the patent suggests it would be opt-in, and only capture and analyse this data with the consent of the customer. "It may capture data such as video data or audio data as requested by the property owner associated with the delivery location," it says.
Amazon's plans for drone deliveries are still a long way from commercial reality. It is testing the tech in the UK, and has conducted some very early trials, but it will be years until ordinary people can order a product and get it delivered by drone.
But the patent serves as a reminder that convenience sometimes comes at the expense of privacy, and drone-powered future may offer unprecedented opportunities for surveillance.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Court documents show Barry Bonds tested positive for three types of steroids, and his personal trainer once told his business manager in the San Francisco Giants' clubhouse how he injected the slugger with performance-enhancing drugs "all over the place."
Prosecutors plan to use those 2000-03 test results and other evidence, detailed in documents released Wednesday, at Bonds' trial next month to show he lied when he told a federal grand jury in December 2003 that he never knowingly used steroids.
Bonds' attorneys want that evidence suppressed, and U.S. District Judge Susan Illston is to hear arguments Thursday on what to allow jurors to hear. Bonds' trainer Greg Anderson, who was jailed several times for refusing to answer questions before a grand jury, appears to be at the heart of the government's case. But his lawyer, Mark Geragos, said Anderson will again refuse to discuss Bonds if prosecutors call him to testify.
Also among the evidence made public were a positive test for amphetamines in 2006 in a urine sample Bonds gave to Major League Baseball; doping calendars Anderson maintained with the initials "BB" and a handwritten note seized from his house labeled "Barry" that appears to be a laundry list of steroids and planned blood tests; and a list of current and former major leaguers, including Jason Giambi, who are expected to testify at the March 2 trial.
The documents said that Steve Hoskins, Bonds' childhood friend and personal assistant, secretly tape-recorded a 2003 conversation with Anderson in the Giants' clubhouse because Hoskins wanted to prove to Bond' father, Bobby Bonds, that his son was using steroids.
Anderson and Hoskins, who were near Bonds' locker, were discussing steroid injections, and at one point, they lowered their voices to avoid being overheard as players, including Benito Santiago, and others walked by, according to the documents.
Anderson: No, what happens is, they put too much in one area, and ... actually ball up and puddle. And what happens is, it actually will eat away and make an indentation. And it's a cyst. It makes a big [expletive] cyst. And you have to drain it. Oh yeah, it's gnarly. ... Hi Benito. ... Oh it's gnarly.
Hoskins: ... Is that why Barry's didn't do it in one spot, and you didn't just let him do it one time?
Controversial columnist Katie Hopkins has left Mail Online.
In a statement to Press Gazette, a Mail Online spokesperson said: “Katie's contract was not renewed by mutual consent.”
Hopkins has also deleted all of her previous tweets from her account, which has 826,000 followers, leaving only a selection of retweets.
In her last column for Mail Online, published on 5 October, she wrote about her decision to wear a wedding dress to the Conservative Party conference (pictured).
The Apprentice star's departure from the online publication comes six months after her radio show on LBC was taken off the air following a tweet about the Manchester bombing in which she called for a “final solution”.
She later deleted the reference, which echoed the Nazi term for the holocaust, changing it to “true solution” after public outcry.
Hopkins, who is publicising new book Rude, was forced to cancel a talk at Lewes Speakers festival on Saturday after a group of protestors descended on the venue accusing Hopkins of hate speech.
Earlier this year Hopkins lost a libel case against food writer Jack Munroe, after confusing her for someone else on Twitter, and was ordered to pay £24,000 in damages.
In a tweet today, Munroe said she had known Hopkins would lose her Mail Online job since March “but that it would be staggered far enough away from the court trial so as to save some kind of face on her part”.
She added: “I think it is wrong to celebrate Katie losing her job. For many reasons, not to mention crassness,competing for lowest-common-denominator, race-to-the-bottom commentary does none of us any favours.
“She won't change her mind, nor her views. She won't lose fans nor followers. She will just be welcomed somewhere else, somewhere with even fewer checks and less balance in place. Somewhere like Breitbart.”
Hopkins joined Mail Online in September 2015 after previously writing for The Sun. In April 2015 her Sun column caused outrage after she compared African migrants crossing the Mediterranean to “cockroaches“.
In September, Hopkins announced that she was to launch a weekly online TV show, independently of Mail online, filmed at the Wesminster Live studios.
Remaining Mail Online columnists include Piers Morgan, Jim Shelley and Ian Ladyman.
Picture: Reuters/Phil Noble
Judge Andrew Napolitano says that Hillary Clinton “continues to lie” about her email scandal, adding that “this self-created crisis is blowing up in her face.”
Appearing on Fox News's “America's Newsroom” on Monday, Napolitano said, “I believe there is enough evidence to be indicted. The decision will ultimately be made by the political branches but if the FBI's diligent work in this case is not vindicated, the president will have serious problems on his hands as will she.”
Napolitano, FNC's Senior Judicial Analyst, responded to Clinton's claim on ABC's “This Week” from Sunday that “Everybody in the department knew that I was emailing from a personal address. Hundreds of people knew it. People around the government knew it. And you know, that was, what the practice had been and that's what I did as well.” (RELATED: Find Out Why Judge Napolitano Thinks Hillary Is ‘Absolutely' Incompetent)
Clinton “did her best to keep her email, (and we know this because we have reviewed 33,000 emails that have been published of the 66,000) to within her inner circle,” Napolitano said. “She did not want the rest of the State Department to know what she was doing. She especially did not want the president to know what she was doing. She didn't want this subject to the Freedom of Information Act. And now, this self-created crisis is blowing up in her face.” (RELATED: Napolitano: ‘Ample Evidence' To Indict Clinton, Only Lynch Or Obama Could Prevent It [VIDEO])
“The rules did not change, the oath that she signed, she signed on day one, she blatantly violated it,” Napolitano argued. “Clinton continues to lie. And here's the danger to her, about trying to pull a fast one over on George Stephanopoulos… every time he does this, she taunts and challenges yet again the federal prosecutors and FBI agents who will be interrogating her about this.”
Napolitano then said that he expects Clinton to be interrogated “in the next couple of weeks once the New Jersey and California primaries are over tomorrow (Tuesday) she'll sit down with them and they'll ask her questions she will not want to answer.”
Follow Steve on Twitter and Facebook
Studio Wildcard is racing to get ARK: Survival Evolved done and out Early Access this spring. Lead developer and studio co-founder Jeremy Stieglitz shared plans to deal with over-powered dinosaurs during an interview released Wednesday. He also revealed that the team behind the open-world survival game will be looking at upgrades for the Xbox Scorpio, possibly even supporting VR.
ARK: Survival Evolved veteran Survivors are not unfamiliar with dinosaurs being nerfed. Studio Wildcard has consistently nerfed different creatures since its release. The big animals, such as the Giganotosaurus, have been targeted repeatedly. Stieglitz still isn't satisfied with where tamed dinos sit and has a plan for the final months until release.
“They're still too damn strong,” the lead developer told British outlet Daily Express. “We're going to have to slowly wean players off these dinosaurs as we hit more of a final game balance.
“We will take that one step at a time, every time we add a new cool feature, we will weaken tamed dinosaurs a little bit more.”
[Image by Studio Wildcard/YouTube]
Those “cool new features” will be coming soon. Studio Wildcard plans to release the Tek Tier to ARK: Survival Evolved on the PC via a planned January 20 update. Originally scheduled for December, the Tek Tier adds a science fiction-style tier of weapons, armor, gear, and other craftable items above the existing metal tier. This includes power armor with each piece providing a special ability, the ability to construct underwater bases, and high-tech dinosaur gear like a laser beam mounted to a Tyrannosaurus Rex's head.
Other “cool new features” listed in the 254.0 patch planned for release in a couple of weeks includes no less than 7 new animals, per the official patch notes, including a sheep that can give wool. Studio Wildcard also plans to add a lance to be used for jousting.
The recent release of the PlayStation 4 Pro with improved resolution and framerate for ARK: Survival Evolved also has fans wondering about the Xbox Scorpio. Steiglitz's comments point to similar support for Microsoft's next console with the possibility of virtual reality support thrown in.
“It looks plenty powerful enough (for VR) to support it and have it look really good, it's just a matter of getting our hands on the console and seeing what we can achieve with it. “For us we're still very experimental with Virtual Reality in ARK, I do not think the VR support we have now is anywhere near the final implementation. “It's quite basic and is something us to gather feedback to help us work out what to do with it. It's there for the Oculus Rift and we're hoping to do something a little different with the Vive. “And whatever Microsoft are doing with The Scorpio is a little further out but it's definitely going to be on our radar when we get a development unit to start working with.”
The Xbox Scorpio is rumored to have 6 teraflops of GPU performance, which puts it well ahead of the PS4 Pro's 4.2 teraflops. The extra horsepower is meant to support 4K gaming and virtual reality gaming, though to what extent and at what cost has yet to be revealed. Microsoft has not announced its virtual reality plans yet, beyond partnership deals with the Oculus Rift.
[Image by Studio Wildcard]
As Stieglitz mentioned, ARK: Survival Evolved does support VR headsets now on a limited and experimental basis. It has also announced a separate VR title called ARK Park, being developed by Snail Games. The Jurassic Park-style experience is planned to release in 2017 with support for the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, and PlayStation VR.
What do you think of the Studio Wildcard's plans to further nerf tamed dinosaurs in ARK: Survival Evolved and support for Xbox Scorpio? Sounds off in the comments section below.
[Featured Image by Studio Wildcard]
From the vast number of black and Latino students who switch out of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) majors for non-STEM fields to the massive underrepresentation of people of color in Silicon Valley, it's clear that the world of technology suffers from a serious race problem.
MORE: These Schools are Awarding Latinos with STEM Degrees More Than Any Other
Nas is hoping to help change that.
The Queens rapper has teamed up with New York-based educational insitution General Assembly, which recently announced a new philanthropic fellowship program aimed at tackling the industry's diversity issues by providing hands-on education, mentorship, career opportunities and scholarships to women, veterans, African Americans and Latinos – groups that have long been systemically barred entry into these dynamic, and lucrative, fields.
"Nasty Nas" is joining big names like Google, Microsoft and Hirepurpose to finance the initiative.
According to the Observer, each of the donors will target a different marginalized demographic. Google, for instance, will provide funds for women, while Microsoft and Hirepurpose will offer scholarships to veterans. Nas, who has tackled the struggle of urban brown and black youth in his music for more than two decades, will sponsor African Americans and Latinos.
PLUS: The Struggles Latinas Face in STEM: A Q&A With Civil Engineer Patricia Valoy
The "Street Dreams" rapero's efforts indicate that he doesn't want to be the only person of color fulfilling their dreams and building their cream.
The German Technical Inspection Agency, TÜV, says the Porsche 911 is the most trouble-free vehicle of this century.
Calculated from data collected from approximately eight million technical inspections between June 2010 and June 2011, the agency found that the Porsche 911 has been the car with the fewest reported defects of vehicles built since 2000. This is regardless of the kilometres travelled by the vehicles.
Before any vehicle model is added into the rankings, it has to have been inspected at least 500 times. TÜV has found that in the 10- to 11-year-old category for the 2011 report, the Porsche 911 had the least faults with a fault rate of 8.3 per cent, followed by the Toyota RAV4 (10.5 per cent), and then the Porsche Boxster (11.2 per cent).
In the eight- to nine-year-old vehicle category, it's the Porsche 911 out in front again, with a fault rate of 8.3 per cent, followed by the Porsche Boxster (9.8 per cent), and the Toyota RAV4 (10.2 per cent).
In the six- to seven-year-old vehicle category, again, it's the Porsche 911, with a fault rate of 5.5 per cent, followed by the Porsche Boxster (7.1 per cent), and the Subaru Forester (7.3 per cent).
In the four- to five-year-old vehicle category, it's a three-way tie for first, with the Porsche Boxster, Porsche Cayman and Toyota Corolla Verso all reporting a fault rate of 4.2 per cent, followed by the Porsche 911 (4.6 per cent), and Porsche Cayenne (5.0 per cent).
John Ross has written a very thorough Reason article documenting all of the measures for liberalizing marijuana laws likely to be considered at the state level in 2014. He counts 13 states that are considering following Colorado and Washington's lead in legalizing marijuana possession for recreational use, and 16 that may join the 20 states that currently permit medical marijuana.
Not all of these laws are likely to pass. But if a large number do, it could greatly accelerate the trend towards marijuana legalization. This is especially true if legalization hits large states such as California, where a legalization ballot initiative narrowly failed in 2010; public opinion in both California and the nation as a whole has become more favorable to legalization since then. Even many conservatives have begun to rethink the War on Drugs.
Even if numerous states legalize marijuana, the drug will still be illegal under federal law. In its badly misguided decision in Gonzales v. Raich (2005), the Supreme Court ruled that Congress' power to regulate interstate commerce allows it to ban the possession of marijuana even in cases where the marijuana in question has never crossed state lines or been sold in an market anywhere. The Obama administration has taken a very equivocal position on the question of whether federal prosecutions for marijuana distributors will continue in states that legalize marijuana under their own laws. However, widespread legalization at the state level will put pressure on the federal government to repeal the federal ban. Even if it does not, federal law enforcement resources are extremely limited, and it will be difficult or impossible for the feds to enforce a marijuana ban without state cooperation. If marijuana legalization does sweep the nation over the next few years, perhaps it will also lead more people to reconsider the War on Drugs as a whole.
Ayush Suvalka has a lot going for him. He's about to graduate from one of the best engineering colleges in India and has already secured a job with the Bangalore branch of JPMorgan JPM
The 21-year-old computer science student isn't planning to spend his career in India's version of Silicon Valley. He hopes the big American investment bank will move him to its U.S. headquarters after a few years.
"It's always been America because the companies, all the big companies, are there," Suvalka said. "The life there is... really amazing."
President Trump and his desire to put "America First" could throw a wrench in those plans.
Related: Tech industry braces for Trump's visa reform
The Trump administration is looking to make changes to a host of visa programs, including restricting the H-1B visa that allows thousands of Indian techies to work in the U.S.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said last month that this may be done "through executive order and through working with Congress."
That could spell the end of the American Dream for Suvalka and many of his peers.
"Probably America is now out of the picture," he said.
Some students may also think twice after last week's murder of an Indian tech worker in Kansas. Srinivas Kuchibhotla, who worked for Garmin, was gunned down by a man who reportedly screamed "Get out of my country" before opening fire.
"There are opportunities over there, there are much better facilities," said 18-year-old Divyanshu Saxena, a computer science student at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in New Delhi. "But we would not like to sacrifice our own well-being for that."
Related: A senseless crime and a friend lost in deadly Kansas shooting
U.S. efforts to restrict foreign workers through legislation are already in progress -- multiple bills seeking curbs on the H-1B program have been introduced by Republican and Democrat lawmakers this year.
Dr. Savita Rani, head of career counseling at the Ramaiah Institute of Technology where Suvalka studies, says jobs at outsourcing companies are in high demand because of the potential to move to the U.S.
But the possibility of America's doors slamming shut is already sowing confusion among students.
"They were shattered and they did not know what to do," Rani said. "At this juncture, America has got a cold and India is sneezing."
Related: Trump is making India's tech industry nervous
Indians studying engineering in the U.S. may be a step closer to working there, but they're worried too.
"There was a lot of panic among people here," said Kishan Rao, a computer science student at the University of Florida. "I'm feeling a little apprehensive, because everything is up in the air until there's a decision."
Rao, 24, is two months away from graduating with a Master's degree. He eventually wants to return to India, but is hoping for a few years of work experience in Silicon Valley first.
"Right now I'm looking for jobs, but this thing has made it more complicated," he said. "Every company that I apply to relies on the H-1B program, so if there are changes that are going to be made then it obviously puts the future of Indians here into question."
Visa uncertainty alone is hurting
Rao worries that even without a change in policy, the uncertainty may be enough to deter companies from hiring international students. All he can do, he says, is "just keep applying for jobs and hope [the visa crackdown] doesn't go through."
India's tech sector, which sends thousands of workers to the U.S., is similarly worried. Stocks of big outsourcing companies such as Infosys (INFY), Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro (WIT) slumped last month as reports of visa curbs gathered momentum.
A delegation of Indian tech executives will meet Trump administration officials in Washington, D.C. on Monday.
Related: Tech's beloved H-1B visa is flawed. Here's why
In Bangalore, meanwhile, Suvalka is already sketching out a Plan B.
"I'm thinking of Canada or New Zealand," he said, mentioning two countries whose immigration websites saw a huge surge in traffic as Trump closed in on his election win last November.
"Canada is a bit cheaper than America and it has amazing job opportunities," the young engineer added. "You can get a visa easily."
Safety concerns?
The Kansas attack left another Garmin worker, Alok Madasani, injured. Madasani and Kuchibhotla were both in the U.S. on work visas.
Other students at IIT Delhi told CNNMoney they were moved by the fatal shooting, but for some the U.S. remains their destination of choice.
"I would still like to go and work there," said Sannat Mengi, a freshman. "It's a matter of prestige."
-- Sugam Pokharel and Omar Khan contributed to this report
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Ken Livingstone today announced he will “declare independence” for London if he wins the race to be Mayor.
The Labour candidate said he wants to take over the capital's NHS, housing and benefits system if elected on May 3.
Mr Livingstone — campaigning in Croydon — said he would persuade the Government to “devolve everything”.
In extraordinary comments, he told the Standard he will use “amazing charm and subtlety” to get New York-style independence for the capital. Mr Livingstone, 66, added: “I would actually declare independence and run the whole city. They can't even run hospitals in London. Everything government does in London it gets wrong. If you look at the city of New York, the mayor runs the benefits system, some of the prisons even, and the healthcare and schools.
“I've watched all my life, irrespective of which government... ministers trying to run hospitals from Whitehall. It's just too big, too complicated. I'm in favour of devolving everything — not just in London. I think you should have strong regions as well.”
The former Mayor added: “I would always say, to this government and also the next Labour government of Ed Miliband, devolve more down. I'd like to take over our NHS immediately. I would like to take over a major house-building programme, I'd like to run the benefits system.”
Mr Livingstone's announcement came amid a growing row over allegedly anti-semitic comments he made to a group of Jewish community leaders.
He had to go on the defensive after a group of Jewish Labour supporters wrote to party leader Mr Miliband warning him that Mr Livingstone risks losing vital support because of alleged comments that “rich Jews” would never vote for him.
The ex-Mayor's comments on declaring London independent were immediately seized on by opponents.
A spokesman for Boris Johnson's re-election campaign said: “Ken Livingstone showed during his time in office that he couldn't be trusted to manage Londoners' money.
“It has taken Boris Johnson four years to turn around the financial mess left by Mr Livingstone and his cronies.
“But this progress and investment would be put at risk if Mr Livingstone is re-elected. Do Londoners really want the NHS run by a man who wasn't even trusted by his own government to upgrade the Tube?” Mr Livingstone was speaking to the Standard in Croydon alongside Mr Miliband at the launch of his Fare Deal Express battle bus.
The remarks about independence were first made in a video interview with Radio Taxis chairman Geoffrey Riesel, released today. Mr Livingstone then told the Standard that he wanted a New York-style democracy.
Mr Miliband was forced to defend his party's mayoral candidate today after the anti-semitic language allegations.
It is claimed Mr Livingstone made the comments while meeting Labour supporters in the Jewish community. They alleged that he used the word “Zionist” as an insult and confused the label “Israeli” with “Jew”. The group wrote to Mr Miliband, warning him that Mr Livingstone now faces losing vital support in election race.
The letter said: “Ken, towards the end of the meeting, stated he did not expect the Jewish community to vote Labour as votes for the Left are inversely proportional to wealth levels, and suggested that as the Jewish community is rich we simply wouldn't vote for him.”
Mr Livingstone's spokesman today denied that the mayoral candidate had made the “rich Jews” comment.
And Mr Miliband said: “I know Ken Livingstone well. He doesn't have a prejudiced bone in his body. He is attracting people of all faiths, backgrounds and religions to his campaign.
“He is someone who has fought prejudice his whole life and I am sure that is what he will continue to do.”
Former Labour MP Andrew Dismore, who is standing in Barnet and Camden for the London Assembly, said that, if true, Mr Livingstone's remarks about Jews were “rather offensive”.
Oakland faces deficit, Dellums goes on junket
U.S. Conference of Mayors members Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, left, Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums, center, and Gastonia, N.C. Mayor Jennifer Stultz hold a news conference at the Mayors 08 Action Forum on Poverty held at the Maxine Waters Employment Preparatory Center in Los Angeles on Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2008. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes) less U.S. Conference of Mayors members Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, left, Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums, center, and Gastonia, N.C. Mayor Jennifer Stultz hold a news conference at the Mayors 08 Action Forum ... more Photo: Damian Dovarganes, AP Photo: Damian Dovarganes, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Oakland faces deficit, Dellums goes on junket 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Just one week after a projected $42 million deficit prompted Oakland officials to announce the possible layoff of 200 city workers and the closing down of city services on Fridays, Mayor Ron Dellums jetted off to Palm Beach, Fla., for a U.S. Conference of Mayors meeting on arts and tourism.
The conference was held Thursday through Sunday at the Breakers Hotel which, according to its Web site, "is set amidst 140 acres of breathtaking ocean front property" and offers an "extensive range of services and amenities for the vacationing or business traveler." Some 2,300 staffers cater to one's every whim.
The cost to Oakland's taxpayers: $3,500.
The reason the mayor went: Even though the conference was for arts and tourism, spokesman Paul Rose said Dellums also worked with other mayors to develop questions for presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain on their urban agendas.
And what better place than the great urban center of Palm Beach?
Dellums' weekend trip came less than two weeks after a city report showed that Oakland officials and employees had spent $1.2 million on travel the previous year.
Dellums himself took eight trips ringing up more than $44,000 in expenses - including a tab of more than $9,000 for a weeklong trip to the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington in January.
Whether you like it or not: That anti-same-sex marriage ad featuring San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsomhaving a "Howard Dean" moment appears to be working.
A poll sponsored by CBS 5-TV indicates that California voters now favor passage of Proposition 8, the constitutional amendment to ban same sex "I do's," by 47 to 42 percent.
The poll of 670 registered voters taken by Survey USA is a big shift from one taken just last month by the Public Policy Institute of California. That one showed Prop. 8 losing, 55 to 41 percent.
Advocates of same-sex marriage over at the No on 8 campaigns say their tracking polls show the same trend, with the ban now leading, 47 to 43 percent. The Yes on 8 campaigns happily reports that it's seeing a shift as well.
One explanation? Well, the latest poll was taken a few days after Prop. 8 proponents put commercials on the air featuring Newsom celebrating the state Supreme Court's ruling legalizing same-sex marriage by half-yelling, half-growling to a City Hall crowd, "This door's wide open now! It's gonna happen - whether you like it or not!"
The same ads show a law professor warning that if the measure passes, it could jeopardize the tax-exempt status of churches and lead to "gay marriage taught in public schools."
Same-sex marriage proponents dispute both arguments - but the ad does seem to be working.
Box scores: With all the talk about who got what from the banking industry, we asked the political watchdogs at Maplight.org to crunch the numbers on campaign contributions from banks and securities firms to the Bay Area congressional delegation.
Topping the list is Sen. Barbara Boxer, who has received $1,064,914 since 2001 from financial interests.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein came in with less than half that amount - $460,236 - during the same period.
As for Bay Area House members, the top five since 2003 were:
House Speaker Nancy Pelosiof San Francisco - $544,800.
Rep. Anna Eshoo of Palo Alto - $206,583.
Rep. Mike Thompson of St. Helena - $178,279.
Rep. Ellen Tauscher of Walnut Creek - $172,745.
Rep. George Miller of Martinez - $147,405.
Lowest on the list is Rep. Pete Stark of Fremont - the only local "no" vote on the final bailout package - who got $11,250.
Sarah smiles: While the press was kept at bay, the $100,000-plus donors at GOP veep nominee Sarah Palin's Burlingame breakfast Sunday were whisked into the Hyatt Regency through a private entrance, guarded by a security force that had each of the VIPs' names and photos.
Inside, the collection of CEOs and their spouses and dates were shown to a sofa-filled sitting room with its own breakfast buffet, where they mingled until their 10 minutes with Palin.
The next level down - the 250 or so people who had paid $2,300 to attend - were kept in a separate room with coffee, tea and pastries until Palin arrived for a five-minute pep talk.
Everyone got a photo taken with Palin as well.
Three seconds - flash - next!
Twenty-five state GOP volunteers being honored for their work were also brought in on a bus for a separate, five-minute pep talk from Palin.
Then, just as quickly, the volunteers were shuffled back out to the bus, and off they went.
No pictures, no sticking around for the big speech in the hotel's main hall to the rest of the group, including a mass of donors who had paid $1,000 apiece for the honor. Not even a glass of water.
Not that they missed much.
Palin's message was the same to the people who had paid $1,000 and those who had paid $100,000: California is still Ronald Reagan country, and we can win in November.
Reaction to Palin among the GOPers was consistent as well: red, white and tingly all over.
And finally: First, the big new Federal Building in San Francisco was late and over budget. Then workers complained about needing sunglasses and umbrellas indoors to shield them from the glaring sun.
Now comes word about another bit of embarrassment at the $144 million "green" behemoth at Seventh and Mission streets.
Officials recently installed four giant, stainless-steel plaques near the entryway in recognition of the many planners, architects and others who helped make the eco-friendly building possible.
Only it wasn't long before office workers were making pilgrimages to the wall - and snickering at the engraved name of one "Hugh G. Rection."
That plaque is now gone. Of course, so are all the others, temporarily - seems they were installed crooked.
EXTRA! Catch our Web page at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
SEDGEFIELD, England — Dehenna Davison is a 23-year-old Tory who works in a computer game shop in Hull. On June 8 she hopes to win Tony Blair's old seat in parliament in a victory which would redefine British politics after Brexit.
It is an ambition that would have seemed barely credible until last year's referendum — a poll that tore through British politics, ripping up the old political landscape and leaving vast tracts of formerly safe Labour territory vulnerable to a Tory takeover.
A victory for the Tories here — a seat held by Labour for 86 years, 24 of those by the former British prime minister — would represent a historic realignment in U.K. politics. It would be evidence of something far more fundamental than a low ebb for the British left.
Even during the height of Margaret Thatcher's dominance in the 1980s, the English north-east was consistently high ground for Labour. In 1983, the year of Thatcher's first landslide victory, Blair won 47.6 percent of the vote in Sedgefield. The party held a similar share of the vote two years ago when Blair's successor Phil Wilson was returned with 47.2 percent of the votes cast.
This time, however, no one studying the polling or involved in either the Tory or Labour campaigns nationally thinks Sedgefield or its surrounding constituencies are beyond Prime Minister Theresa May's reach. Last summer's Brexit referendum triggered a surge in support for the Tories alongside UKIP's collapse, putting at least 80 marginal Labour seats in play across England and Wales.
The voters in these seats used to be Labour. No longer. “Most of these voters were tribal,” said Andrew Cooper, a pollster who worked for David Cameron when he was prime minister, and founded the consumer research agency Populus. “They always voted Labour because Labour was seen as fundamentally on the side of people like them. They no longer believe that. And for most of them what broke that tribal loyalty was Brexit.”
It is these battleground constituencies — often poor, relatively rural, mostly white — that will determine the extent of May's expected victory next month. May is hoping to extend her reach into the white working class that has largely stuck with Labour but has in recent years drifted over to UKIP as they came to feel alienated by the party's perceived liberal values, particularly on Europe and immigration.
“If Labour crashes in a big way, Sedgefield is interesting,” said Matthew Goodwin, a polling expert and academic. “I would suggest the entire concept of the Labour heartland will look a little bit different after the next election. The million-dollar question is how low will Labour go."
When Labour last crashed in this way in the wake of 2014's independence referendum in Scotland, Mhairi Black, a 20-year-old student from Glasgow was swept into parliament by a Scottish National Party surge that left Labour with just one MP north of the border.
Like Black, Davison has an unlikely biography for someone heading for Westminster. Her father was killed with a single punch in a pub when she just 13. Her mother was a nursery nurse in Sheffield but is now out of work. She follows Taylor Swift and Katy Perry on Twitter. The year she was born, 1994, Blair was elected Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn was a fringe left-winger on the backbenches, and May was licking her wounds after losing a second bid to become an MP in Barking.
Even more unlikely, however, is that Davison's in with a chance.
Standing with May
On a visit to the battleground towns of Sedgefield, Darlington and Bishop Auckland, signs of Labour's decline are not hard to find. On outings with candidates, POLITICO discovered broad contentment with May and broad, but mostly apathetic satisfaction about her implementation of Brexit. When it came to Jeremy Corbyn it was mostly an instinctive, almost guttural incomprehension rather than outright hostility. “It's a cultural thing,” said one Labour MP from the north-east who did not want to be named. “It's nothing to do with his policies. They just think he's too London.”
The depths of the division in the Labour Party were exposed at last year's Durham Miners' Gala, an annual gathering of trades unionists that has become a mecca for left-wing activists. Wilson, Labour's Sedgefield candidate who was raised in Durham, the son of a miner, was barred from the platform and told he was not welcome because he voted for Corbyn to be replaced as party leader. Corbyn, a middle-class boy from the shires in southern England was welcomed on stage.
Across the region, the Conservative strategy is clear: Theresa May.
In neighboring Bishop Auckland, Tory candidate Christopher Adams declares on his website that he is “Standing with Theresa May for Bishop Auckland.” In Sedgefield, Davison's slogan is “Standing with Theresa May in Sedgefield.”
Down the road in Darlington, Tory candidate Peter Cuthbertson was canvassing in a formerly rock-solid Labour ward. “Hello, I'm Peter Cuthbertson,” he said to every voter he met as he went door-to-door in an estate of tidy, three-bedroom, semi-detached family homes. “I'm here representing Theresa May. I'm standing to be your MP.”
Cuthbertson said he has been amazed by the positive welcome he has received compared to 2015 when he ran and lost. He was finding little support for Labour and widespread, if apathetic, sympathy for the Tories. (Full disclosure: the author attended college and university with Cuthbertson. His parents are Labour Party members in Sedgefield. Wilson, Labour's candidate there, is a family friend.)
“The fundamental coalition that held Labour together has broken down” — Jacob Rees-Mogg, Conservative MP and influential Brexiteer
None of the candidates who spoke to POLITICO said Brexit was the main issue being raised by voters on the doorstep but all said the contrast between May and Corbyn was mentioned repeatedly.
“They're just running on Theresa May,” said Helen Goodman, the Labour candidate in Bishop Auckland and its MP until May dissolved parliament after calling the new election. With Brexit underway, the issue is no longer driving the discussion, providing what she saw as an opening for Labour to talk about economic issues. “I think the Tories are going to find it tougher than they imagine,” she said.
“Hello, do you know about the cuts the Tories are making to the school budget?” Goodman asked parents collecting their children from school. Most took a flyer — which showed a drop in the school's budget of £800 per pupil — but many seemed entirely uninterested.
Only one person, a father wearing a “Brawlers Gym Muay Thai MMA” T-shirt seemed faintly hostile. “I'm UKIP, me,” he said to a friend just inside the school gates.
According to Douglas Carswell, the former Conservative then UKIP MP who lost to Blair in Sedgefield in 2001, May is crucial for the Tories but said that if it had not been for the Brexit referendum, tribal loyalties in seats like Sedgefield would have been impossible to break.
“The experience of standing in Sedgefield had quite a profound impact on me,” he said. “I was constantly baffled that people who don't have a liberal-left view on pretty much anything but who would then vote for someone who, to me, epitomized the liberal left view of the elites in London.”
It was the referendum, he added, that brought this conflict into the open. “Everyone talks about the schism being inevitable, but this schism has always been there,” he said.
Jacob Rees-Mogg, the Conservative MP and influential Brexiteer who mentored Davison when she spent a year working in his parliamentary office as part of her university degree, shares Carswell's view. “The fundamental coalition that held Labour together has broken down,” he said. “The Fabian socialists of a Metropolitan view and the bulk of its voters no longer really like each other.”
Cooper, the pollster, has produced private demographic analysis seen by POLITICO which puts Sedgefield squarely in the ranks of former safe Labour seats in northern and central England which are now at risk.
The data reveals the growing significance of identity politics, showing Tory strength in rural English constituencies which are both affluent and white. In contrast, Labour performs best in the poorest inner cities.
The battleground constituencies which will decide next month's election are those in the middle – often poor, relatively rural, small towns with a predominantly white population. May is hoping to push deeper into these working class communities which have felt alienated by Labour's perceived liberal values, Cooper said.
“With that enormously difficult start to life, she is so impressive and capable” — Rees-Mogg on Dehenna Davison
In Sedgefield, like much of England's former industrial heartlands, much of this alienated vote went to UKIP and made up the difference between Labour's support and the Conservatives'.
Taken together, the Tory and UKIP vote in Sedgefield is 17,858 – 417 short of Labour's 18,275. To capture the seat, the Tories would need at least half UKIP's 6,426 votes, a sizeable number of Labour supporters to stay at home, and for 1,000-2,000 Labour voters to turn blue – 5-10 percent of Wilson's voters in 2015. Tough but not impossible. Indeed, the Tories seem to believe they have a chance. Philip Hammond, the chancellor of the exchequer, was in the constituency this week campaigning with Davison.
Matthew Goodwin said the biggest unknown in areas such as Sedgefield is what UKIP's supporters will do now that Brexit in underway.
“What we don't know in seats like Sedgefield is will UKIP voters stay more loyal because they don't like the Tories?” he said. “Whereas in the south will UKIP voters just completely defect en masse allowing the Conservatives to build staggering majorities in Kent and Lincolnshire. [In the north] we don't yet know.”
Hanging on
There are reasons to think that Labour might hang on in Sedgefield. While the party is far behind the Tories in the polls, its support is not much lower than it was during the last election. The party hovers at about 27 percent nationally, compared to the 30 percent of the votes it received in 2015. In last week's local election, the party (barely) managed to cling to control of the county council here.
Labour candidate Wilson, an outspoken critic of Corbyn, who worked for Blair before succeeding him in 2007, will be hard to characterize as a lefty London liberal. He was born and raised in the constituency and sent his children to the local state school. His weak spot is his active support for Remain in the Brexit referendum. Sedgefield voted 60-40 to leave.
"This is obviously going to be a tough fight," said Wilson, before launching into a list of his advantages. “I'm from Sedgefield. I've lived here all my life and love the area and its people. I've never wanted to represent anywhere else. It's either me or a 23-year-old Conservative student from Hull.”
Indeed, in nominating a 23-year-old shop assistant, the Tories might have given a hint of their expectations.
Conservative officials in the north-east said the constituency was less of a target than others in the region — like Bishop Auckland, Darlington and Middlesbrough South — where Labour was weaker in 2015. Those, they said, will be “bombarded” by the party over the coming four weeks.
Conservative MP Rees-Mogg, for whom Davison worked in parliament, insists she is “formidably able” and has a bright future, whether or not she wins next month.
Dehenna Davison understands the significance her victory would represent and doesn't hide her awe at the possibility of a scalp at the heart of Blair country.
“With that enormously difficult start to life, she is so impressive and capable,” said Ress-Mogg. “Perhaps that's why she was so empathetic with the constituents she dealt with on my behalf. She is a very remarkable person.”
Davison got involved in Tory politics at 16 while at school — a private girls' school in Sheffield which she attended on a full scholarship. “It was about the values: hard work and aspiration,” she said, referring to what she sees as Conservative Party principles. “I thought, hang on that's me and that's my family. I rang up my local association and said can I come along and help you?”
In 2015, she stood in Hull North. She finished third behind Labour, with UKIP in second, but she increased the share of the Tory vote. This time around, the Conservative Central Office handed the Sedgefield Conservative association a shortlist of three candidates. Davison was chosen in hustings on April 27.
Davison understands the significance her victory would represent and doesn't hide her awe at the possibility of a scalp at the heart of Blair country. The first thing she did after getting to Sedgefield was to visit the Trimdon Working Men's Club, a former miner's pub where Blair once held court, hosting the French prime minister in 1998 and announcing his retirement in 2007. “It's iconic,” said Davison.
Four weeks out from the election, Davison insists she can win.
“It's actually happening,” she said. “People saying, I've voted Labour all my life and this time I just can't. We ask them why. It's the Corbyn effect and the Theresa May effect.”
For a while, the trajectory of video games curved toward cinema. Technology's advance allowed characters and scenes that were previously composed from rudimentary sprites (Super Mario's porno moustache, for example, was grown because people found it difficult to make out an unadorned mouth on a 16-pixel-high character at the time) to be newly rendered in full detail. Hollywood actors and artists began to lend their talent to games. The Oscar-winning film composer Hans Zimmer provided the score to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 and Beyond: Two Souls, a cinematic game that stars Ellen Page as both the face and voice of its protagonist. In this way video games began to look like and sound like films and, in turn, through the use of point-of-view camera angles and stentorian set pieces, films began to look like video games.
The enduring appeal of video games has always been in their ability to cast us into the role of an active participant
The gap was closed in function, as well as form. Video game storylines began to adopt three-act structures (even if, in many cases, they were: “man shoots big gun”, “man's gun is taken away”, “man exacts revenge using new, bigger gun”). Video game scriptwriters started to force dollops of exposition on players through non-interactive cut scenes and, if the player strayed too far from the set narrative path, some unseen director would often return them to the straight and narrow. This kind of filmic game-making remains popular (Sony's Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, the Indiana Jones-style blockbuster, complete with rugged, quipping matinee hero, launches in April after five years of development and millions of dollars of investment) but it no longer feels like the future of video games, or even much like the present.
The appeal of video games has always been in their ability to cast us in the role of an active participant, with a certain amount of free will. It is the power to choose one's destiny (or, at the very least, what colour dress one runs about in while pursuing one's destiny). The kind of finely authored plotlines found in film run contrary to all that, often leaving players feeling bound and restricted. The rise of YouTube and Twitch, where many video games go to find an audience today, has also caused problems for the cinematic video game. Viewers (and those who play them in front of the camera) quickly grow tired with a “text” when exactly the same things happen with every playthrough. Value in this strange new entertainment economy is found in the unexpected. Routine is anathema.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest No Man's Sky: ‘no two players' journeys will be alike'.
This is, in part, why Minecraft has been such a seismic success. It offers a blank landscape on to which players can express their personalities and imagination, building a lifesize model of the Taj Mahal, for example, or a sky-scraping penis. Many of 2016's forthcoming games will attempt to marry YouTube-friendly variety with the kind of formal authorship that's often needed to tell an affecting story. Firewatch follows the story of a volunteer fire lookout (played by Mad Men's Rich Sommer) in the aftermath of the Yellowstone fires of 1988. Within the broad framework of the plot, you will be able to alter the protagonist's relationship with those around him. Similarly No Man's Sky, the much-anticipated space exploration game, offers players the run of a galaxy that's home to 18 quintillion planets. Every player is headed toward the centre of the galaxy. But no two players' journeys will be alike.
The tussle between agency and plot within the medium is far from settled. In one camp there are proponents of game systems that are designed to enable emergent storytelling and player agency. In the other, there are those who advocate authored and possibly more impactful, filmic storytelling. The most interesting video games are likely to be those that successfully marry the two.
Rep. Joe Baca and Rep. Frank Wolf are promoting a bill that would force video game companies to put extreme warning labels on their products. H.R. 4204, the Violence in Video Games Labeling Act, would compel game companies to label their products with "WARNING: Exposure to violent video games has been linked to aggressive behavior.” As it turns out, their "scientific studies" supporting this claim have been rejected by every court to consider them. These warning labels would perpetuate fear-based misinformation and run afoul of the free speech provisions enshrined in our Constitution.
These warnings are not just dangerous, but unnecessary. The voluntary ESRB rating system, which is already widely used by game publishers, is well-understood in the marketplace, and can provide consumers with the information they need.
The Congressmen promoting this bill are disregarding the 2010 Supreme Court case that emphatically rejected a similar attempt to unconstitutionally restrict the sale of video games. That's because the Supreme Court recognized that the emerging art form of video games is entitled to as much First Amendment protection as any of the mediums that have come before, and can't be singled out for stigma based on flawed science and a mob mentality:
Video games qualify for First Amendment protection. Like protected books, plays, and movies, they communicate ideas through familiar literary devices and features distinctive to the medium.
Send a letter to Congress and tell them to oppose publicity-stunt initiatives to force game companies to apply deceptive labels to their packaging.
Jessica Dolcourt/CNET
An icon of a speed camera pops onto the display of what has to be the world's most helpful in-car navigator, signaling the police-enforced stretch of road ahead.
Beside the icon is another symbol, this time posting the road's speed limit. More solicitously yet, the GPS unit sounds a light chime every time our wheels spin too fast around one of these areas, which, it seems, is always. Ding-dong-ding-dong-ding. Tickets are pricey in this part of town. The driver lays off the gas.
I'm tooling around tree-lined Jeju Island, often regarded as Korea's version of Hawaii for its balmy climate and dominating volcanic mountain at its eye. The navigation unit outfitted into most rental cars here is part of a highly organized and tightly-integrated mapping system that, in addition to keeping you out of trouble from the strict traffic cops, uses business names (or telephone numbers!) to guide tourists anywhere from a traditional farming village to a bustling food stall in the center of a pedestrian-only marketplace.
The unit in our Hyundai seems to only "speak" Korean, though the warnings are clear enough to the droves of visitors from Japan, China, and further abroad.
Day turns to dusk as we zoom past the numerous speed traps dotting the roads between Jeju's ancient standing stones and famous volcanic crater. The nav blares a warning once again. As the palm trees whiz by, I start to wonder what the rental agency would say if we got a ticket, and in which world KT/Hertz would consider giving us a break in our rental price for better driving behavior that avoided the increasingly irritating warning jingle altogether.
Jessica Dolcourt/CNET
Better yet, what if those insurance benefits translated to my policy back home? In other words, what if road-aware in-car technology rewarded conscientious drivers who never speeded and always used their turn signals, who never slammed the breaks or leaned on their horns? I'm not one for an automotive police state, but I would certainly be inspired to lighten my lead foot if there were potential price cuts to be gained.
The idea doesn't seem like such a long shot from what our current infrastructure would allow. Crowdsourced navigation app Waze included route-based gamification long before Google absorbed the app into its churning information empire. Surely turning safe driving into an (optional) game with real-life perks would be a relatively easy, and dare I say, fun, way to improve roadway compliance while also helping a driver out around expected speed traps.
The navigator ding-dong-dings. The car rolls on.
Japan And South Korea Rattled By Trump's Talk Of Closing U.S. Bases
Enlarge this image toggle caption Toru Yamanaka/AFP/Getty Images Toru Yamanaka/AFP/Getty Images
In an English-language class at Seoul's Kookmin University, students practice conversation by discussing current events. And the election of Donald Trump is a global current event that's shaken them up.
"In Korean, dey-bak means something happened unexpected," says Youjin Lee.
Such as the unexpected result of the American election. It brings big uncertainty for U.S. foreign policy around the globe, including Northeast Asia. During the campaign, Trump argued that alliance partners don't pay their fair share for U.S. military bases in their countries and suggested he could pull them out.
"We defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea. We defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us because we are providing a tremendous service and we're losing a fortune," Trump said during the first presidential debate.
In truth, South Korea and Japan have both paid billions over the years to support the bases within their borders. And America has wanted to be there for its own security reasons.
"Trump has said some tough things about America's alliance relationships around the world," says Robert Kelly, who teaches international relations at South Korea's Pusan University. "On the other hand, Trump's also sort of wildly reversed himself. So there's a lot of uncertainty about what he actually wants to do."
"I'll be honest and say I don't think he really knows himself," Kelly adds. "I don't think he really knows a great deal or cares a great deal about foreign affairs."
Trump did speak by phone Thursday with both Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President Park Geun-hye. In both calls, Trump said he would support the current security alliances with the Asian democracies. He told Park, "We are with you all the way."
The cost of U.S. forces
But the cost-sharing agreement between the U.S. and South Korea on maintaining bases is coming up for renegotiation next year. Korea paid $850 million dollars for base maintenance in 2014, according to its budget. But Trump foreign policy adviser Pete Hoesktra said this week maybe that's not enough.
"The threats that they face — if they're not willing to pay for it or if they just go into it saying, 'We don't have to worry about it, the United States is going to pay for it,' that is not a healthy relationship," Hoekstra said.
Beyond security, Trump's rhetoric has been the toughest on trade.
"There's anxiety for what Trump means for trade relationships, because he's really hammered on that," Kelly says. "Asian trading, exports are really important for economies out here."
Kelly says changes to trade agreements would have punishing effects on export-driven Asian economies and on prices back home in the U.S.
"If he really throws up tariff barriers, that will drive up the prices of Asian goods. Samsung televisions and Honda Civics and whatnot would be significantly more expensive," Kelly says.
But just what a Trump administration will do when it's in power is unknown — and not only to Americans. Korean college student Yuseok Kang surveyed his friends for their reactions.
"They all are worried about side effects by his election," Kang says. "And they are worried about what he's going to do next."
Haeryun Kang contributed to this story.
Germans love to tell Jews what to do. Immediately after the news that Eyal Yifrach, Gilad Shaar, and Naftali Fraenkel had been killed by Arabs in the West Bank, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier (Social Democrats) said in his short, three-paragraph message:
“Despite infinite pain about the loss of these three young people, we hope that striving for peace will determine the actions of the days ahead.”
Not a word about who killed Israelis. Not a word about what it means for every single Jewish Israeli three civilian teenagers were kidnapped and killed by alleged Arab terrorists from Hamas.
Steinmeier is a proud German. He is not at all sad or shocked about the death of the three Israelis. He does not want Israel to react at all after that crime. A crime that was inspired by nothing but Arab and Islamist antisemitism. He could have said something against antisemitism, but he did not. Instead he was very happy to join the Algerian ambassador to Germany to watch a match of the football World Cup in Brazil later that night, just a few hours after the death of the three boys was confirmed by Israeli authorities.
This is how he looked at 11 pm (UTC+1), 30 June, 2014, according to a tweet at Twitter by the German Foreign Ministry:
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier portrays himself happy, pic taken 30 June, 2014, 11 pm local time (Berlin)
Source: https://twitter.com/AuswaertigesAmt/status/483718736332201984
The head of the American Jewish Committee Berlin, Deidre Berger, today published an article about European mainstream antisemitism. She argues that German and European politicians should focus on security for Jews in Europe first, instead of teaching Israel how to react after an act of terror. This may well apply to Steinmeier. Like almost all his fellow ordinary Germans, Steinmeier embraced German nationalism and cheered for the German team during the World Cup. He is silent about current trends in antisemitism among the elites in Germany. Worse, in May the German Government under Angela Merkel supported the Hamas-Fatah agreement about a united Palestinian government.
Back in January 2006, Steinmeier, at the time also minister of Foreign Affairs, said that Hamas is “able to be part of a government.” So much for his inability to analyze this hardcore Islamist antisemitic party. Taken the failure of mainstream German Islamic Studies when it comes to antisemitism, anti-Zionism, and Islamism, this is no surprise, though. (In 2011, I published a 400 page study about that failure.)
Now, after the killing of the three Israelis not a word about the antisemitism of Hamas from Steinmeier or Merkel, who is also known these days as a nationalist German football fan and not as critic of Jew-hatred. Instead, Steinmeier attacks the Israeli government, and urges Netanyahu not to overreact – something a German would never ever do. Neither Steinmeier nor Merkel have the slightest idea what this killing of three teenagers means and could mean for all Jewish Israelis The murdered boys are seen as typical young Israelis, so now everybody can again be seen as a target. Hamas terrorists are of course emboldened after having joined the government with Fatah. The EU and Germany supported that horrible move by Fatah.
Historical comparisons are always not true, but sometimes they can help us to understand something nonetheless. Therefore, just as a reminder for those who still believe that the Soviet Union was co-responsible for the outbreak of World War II by cooperating partly with Hitler and the Germans in 1939: the Western powers also emboldened Hitler, the Nazis and the Germans in 1938! Just look at the antisemitic climate at Ivy League universities after the Nazis took power in 1933. Today, just look at anti-Israel hatred at every single European and North American university. The western world's antisemitism is part of the problem. Without the western support and silence Islamist antisemitism and Arab antisemitism would be much, much weaker.
Merkel went to Brazil to embrace the German soccer team and to portray herself as the “mother of the entire German nation.” Although she was in Brussels right after the murderous Islamist antisemitic attack in May, she had no time to show her support of Jews in Belgium or even to mention that antisemitic attack. Merkel is a champion in power politics and in soft talk, but she fails to attack Islamism and European Muslim antisemites, who are increasingly threatening the lives of Jews in Europe. Politics is about symbols.
It is a symbol to cheer for football while being silent on antisemitism, besides the typical flowery phrases. Deidre Berger takes Brussels as an example to emphasize that Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi visited the Brussels Jewish Museum instead of joining the first session of a meeting of the Socialist Fraction in the EU Parliament.
German politicians prefer football and nationalism to support for Israel and the Jews. Worse, Frank-Walter Steinmeier has the chutzpa to tell Jews what to do after three Israelis have been murdered by Arab terrorists. Obviously he fears that Hamas may be hurt by an Israeli response. Of course, Steinmeier also often uses the trope “circle of violence,” as if one could compare a democracy to cold blooded killers of the Hamas. According to reports, one mother of the suspected terrorists is proud of her son. Palestinian youngsters went so far and attacked an Israeli ambulance that carried the dead bodies of the killed Israeli teenagers. What Steinmeier still fears, is a response that will hurt Hamas.
And a response is exactly what Hamas and her fans deserve.
If you've ever played an Assassin's Creed game and wondered just how much of its detailed historical world was truly authentic, the answer is simple: A heck of a lot.
Series fans know that Ubisoft Montreal's artists and designers do a terrific job replicating landmark architecture such as London's Houses of Parliament and Rome's Colosseum, and that they also accurately present the backgrounds of famous historical figures like Leonardo da Vinci. However, it may surprise some to learn that Ubisoft's mission for period authenticity goes far beyond these obvious icons. They work with historians to learn about everything from culture to clothing to the specific designs used on building tiles. And they listen to what they're told.
For the just-launched Assassin's Creed Origins, a game set more than two millennia ago in Ancient Egypt – further back in history than any other in the series – Ubisoft brought on several historians, including Quebec-based Evelyne Ferron, a specialist in Greco-Roman Egypt who teaches ancient history and Ancient Egypt history at the University of Sherbrooke and general history at College Merici in Quebec City. She worked with Ubisoft for four years to educate its game makers on Ancient Egypt.
“For the first two years, I gave presentations to various Ubisoft teams about the environment, climate, weather, animals, plants, trees, and mountains of Egypt at the time of Cleopatra, and the differences between the major areas,” she said in an interview with Post Arcade. “I also presented about the political situation and the everyday life of the Greeks in Greek cities like Alexandria as well as the Egyptian population, covering culture, general history and historical figures, food, games, clothing, cities versus countryside, architecture, colours on the buildings, and arts.”
But her work didn't stop there. The game is partially set within cities that no longer exist and for which there are no concrete visual references. This forced Ferron to look elsewhere to figure out what a city like ancient Alexandria might have looked like.
“I researched different theses for the theories about the fact that the ruins of the Library of Ephesus were inspired by the one in Alexandria, that Petra in Jordania had inspiration from that city as well, and that the Romans depicted Alexandria on their painted walls,” she said. “I studied the ruins of Pergamon as well to help them figure out a traditional Hellenistic city plan.”
She also had to help them understand the difference between what's old and what's really old. For instance, Ferron explained that while the pyramids and the Sphinx were certainly in better shape during the time of Cleopatra and Julius Caesar, they were still some 2,500 years old and very weathered, which meant that they would have been sun bleached and sand-worn, and that any colouration the Sphinx might have retained at that point would have been well faded by time.
There were also times when she needed to stand her ground as an historian and insist on specific details. Ubisoft, to its credit, listened to her.
“There were preliminary discussions about a scenario that would have placed a mummification scene in a temple, which would have not been entirely accurate according to Egyptian customs,” she explained. “I offered my expert opinion on the scenario, and Ubisoft was able to tweak the scene to make it completely accurate.”
Ferron hopes that stringent adherence to historical fact in a game like Assassin's Creed: Origins will do more than just satisfy those with a keen eye for detail. She thinks it could prove educational, informing audiences about how Cleopatra's Egypt was deeply multicultural and that pharaohs had actually become Greeks. She also hopes it will provide insight on Cleopatra and Julius Caesar's relationship, which went beyond its well-publicized romance to include politics and strategy.
More than that, she hopes it will provide the people who play a better sense of what everyday life in Ancient Egypt was like.
“Players will experience the differences in lifestyle in the Greek cities such as Alexandria versus Egyptian towns like Memphis or the countryside,” Ferron said. “They will understand that agriculture was still the basis of the general economy and how they did it around the Nile River. They'll discover that yes, Egyptians feared crocodiles, but feared hippopotamuses more, because they'll get to fight some in the game! They will experience different environments, and come to realize that Egypt is a big country with a lot of diverse areas – even in the desert.”
And there's one specific feature new to the series that she thinks could even make Assassin's Creed: Origins a viable means of learning in a formal class setting. Dubbed Discovery Tour Mode, it lets players explore Egypt at their leisure, learning about its history via guided tours curated by historians and Egyptologists. It's almost like a textbook in video game form.
“Players will be able to discover many aspects of the lives of Ancient Egyptians, with audio narrations and written texts to help them learn about food, libraries, scientists, politics, and architecture,” said Ferron. “So for the teachers it can become a real educational tool, and that's pretty cool.”
Check back next week for Post Arcade's full review of Assassin's Creed Origins.
Who says you can't spend your bitcoin for goods and services?
1 2 3 4 5 large boardroom b bitcoin 4 seater1 enterprise_offices 322879j_19.
End
-- Director of Coworkingspace.ca Leo Coholic proudly announced that "I believe we are are first Office facility in Toronto and quite possibly the country to have transacted a deal in bitcoin. Why is this significant?It shows that bitcoin can be used for real tangible goods and services. There is a role for this crypto currency in unglamorous transactions such as real estate rental." The transaction occurred today and went without a wrinkle. "I really think that crypto currencies will add to the diversity of payment options that we have. In fact I would further speculate that it will add liquidity in areas where tradition fiat currency just doesn't seem to be getting: In the world of startups and early stage companies that will be the engines of growth and job creation in this country. Something I would add, that the quantitative easing moves by central bankers have thus far not been able to do." Coholic asks "how many great ideas did not get anywhere because they just not get funded? Look to crowdfunding sites to see how many ideas have gotten traction where bankers, VC, and even government have passed on them." He continues "we have a very progressive 14,000 square foot facility here in Toronto, a facility that we hope will become a hive of Bitcoin activity. From apps developers to miners. Let's bring on innovation and hope that some industry leaders may emerge from here"
respinsa
"In mod normal v-as fi cerut sa nu votati impotriva cererilor justitiei, dar vreau sa va spun ca justitia nu inseamna nerecpectarea procedurilor, iar un proces echitabil se poate face si fara arestarea mea preventiva. Au venit si m-au ridicat de pe strada ca pe ultimul fugar. Care sunt ratiunile pentru care un deputat sa fie tratat asa?
Ceea ce nu inteleg este modul in care se face justitie. Astazi va vorbeste inculpatul Cristian Rizea. Printr-un vot negativ, nu blocati justitia, ancheta merge mai deprate dar refaceti normalitatea in Romania.
Stiti ca am o familie, un copil. Am acest copil de 2 ani si jumatate, ceea ce nu stiti este ca acest copil, la doua ore si jumatate dupa ce s-a nascut, a fost adoptat de catre mine si sotia mea.
Aceasta procedura se incheie in luna noimebrie a acestui an, potrivit legislatiei din Romania. Doamnelor si domnilor, va las pe dvs sa decideti daca pot continua aceasta procedura si daca fiul meu va avea o familie."
Este pentru a doua oara cand Camera Deputatilor incuviinteaza un capat al cererii DNA - retinerea, dar il respinge pe celalalt - arestarea preventiva, dupa votul din 28 octombrie in cazul Elenei Udrea . Atunci a fost de altfel prima data cand deputatii - initial cei din Comisia Juridica, apoi cei din conducerea Camerei Deputatilor - dau doua voturi desi exista o singura cerere.S-a considerat atunci ca sunt procecduri separate si trebuie sa existe doua voturi si doua proiecte de hotarare diferite.Au fost doua voturi cu bile succesive - unul pentru retinere si unul pentru arestare.Salvarea lui Rizea a avut loc in ciuda faptului ca atat PNL cat si PSD au sustinut ca vor vota in favoarea cererii justitiei."Pozitia politica a PSD este aceeasi pe care o stiti. A fost votata o data si nu a fost schimbata", a afirmat Liviu Dragnea, intrebat fiind de jurnalisti cum va vota PSD in cazul deputatului Cristian Rizea.Mai mult, Dragnea a declarat miercuri ca vrea ca imunitatea parlamentara sa dispara din Constitutie: "Vrem sa decida instanta. Vreau ca din Constitutie sa dispara notiunea de imunitate."Ce le-a spus Rizea colegilor deputati, in plen:
Ce acuzatii ii aduc procurorii lui Rizea
Potrivit procurorilor, la data de 2 decembrie 2009, potrivit unei intelegeri anterioare,Rizea Cristian a primit de la Coltea Lucian, om de afaceri cu cetatenie americana, suma de 200.000 euro, iar la cateva zile, la data de 6 decembrie2009, a primit suma de 100.000 euro - in total 300.000 euro - pentru ca in schimb sa intervina la nivelul a doua autoritati, RAPPS si primaria comunei Chiajna,
Banii ar fi fost dati pentru ca Lucian Coltea sa beneficieze de urgentarea procedurilor de retrocedare a unui teren situat intr-o zona rezidentiala din municipiul Bucuresti, respectiv sa obtina dreptul de proprietate asupra unui alt teren aflat in litigiu cu primaria comunei Chiajna.
Pentru a disimula adevarata natura a provenientei sumei de 300.000 euro, primita de deputatul Rizea Cristian ca obiect al traficului de influenta, au fost intocmite patru contracte de imprumut false, cu caracter fictiv, arata sursa citata.
De asemenea, in cursul lunii decembrie 2015, pe fondul desfasurarii prezentei anchete penale, Rizea Cristian i-a abordat pe doi dintre martori si le-a spus sa nu relateze adevarul organelor de urmarire penala, promitandu-le celor doi ca, in perspectiva ca va deveni primar al Sectorului 5, le va oferi gratis un spatiu comercial in zona Cotroceni, pentru deschiderea unei noi clinici.
In acelasi dosar, procurorii anticoruptie au dispus retinerea, pentru 24 de ore, a lui Coltea Lucian , cetatean american, pentru savarsirea infractiunilor de cumparare de influenta si spalare de bani in forma continuata (doua acte materiale) si va fi prezentat miercuri la Inalta Curte cu propunere de arestare preventiva pentru 30 de zile.
Deputatul Cristian Rizea a fost adus miercuri cu mandat la DNA.
Deputatul Cristian Rizea a declarat miercuri, la iesirea din sediul DNA, ca nu a facut trafic de influenta si nu este vinovat de "absolut nimic".
"M-au chemat pentru o problema mai veche, care s-a rezolvat acum sase ani pe civil, iar acum o s-o rezolv si din punct de vedere penal", a spus Rizea, citat de Agerpres.
It's been just two weeks since Tata Sons, India's largest conglomerate, fired its chairman Cyrus Mistry. But the corporate battle—one of the ugliest in India—is already on its way into MBA syllabi at the country's top business schools.
The ouster of Mistry from the 148-year-old conglomerate is a classic example of management clashes over strategy, leadership styles, and corporate structure. Mistry was the company's first chairman from outside the Tata family. Mistry alleges that right after his appointment in 2012, the board tweaked the company's articles of association to limit the chairman's power. Media reports speculate that the family was unhappy with some of the business decisions Mistry took. And when Ratan Tata, the patriarch of the Tata family, took over from Mistry as the interim chairman, it raised questions about whether he was too reluctant to cede control over the group, which had more than $100 billion in revenue last year.
In a country where 67% of all listed companies are family owned—and such businesses create around 65% of the GDP—the ongoing drama at Tata promises important lessons for the next generation of business leaders. Kavil Ramachandran, who runs a family enterprises program at the Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, told the Economic Times that the case study will be taught in classes about corporate governance, succession planning, and the handling of non-family CEOs. “Some of the current developments get embedded immediately in various courses. There will also be discussions of complete case studies in the future,” he said, while a professor at the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore told the paper that the example of Tata will be used in teaching students about ownership and managerial rights, and how they differ across conglomerates and listed firms. (Tata Sons is the holding company for more than 100 separate firms, some of which are listed.)
While the historic corporate tussle continues to keep the spotlight on Tata, India's future business leaders are being prepared to avoid similar boardroom showdowns.
Follow our continuing coverage of the Tata Sons boardroom battle here.
Could a sex tape have sunk Carrie Prejean‘s lawsuit against Miss California USA? If this report is true, we're laughing really hard on the inside right now.
Former Miss California USA Carrie Prejean infamously launched herself into the national spotlight by declaring marriage should only “be between a man and a woman” at the Miss USA 2009 pageant. The statement caused mass outrage from gay rights activists and garnered heady support from conservative anti-gay marriage advocates. More controversy stirred when a partially nude modeling photographs of Prejean appeared on a tabloid site. Prejean later said she “regretted” taking the photos and blamed it on being “naive, and young.”
Back in June, the Miss California USA dropped Carrie Prejean citing “continued breach of contract issues” – claiming she failed to show up for events and speaking at events she was not approved to attend. Prejean slapped back with a lawsuit alleging they had ditched her over her religious beliefs. Miss California USA fired back with a lawsuit of their own.
The mutual lawsuits were eventually settled, with Miss USA California agreeing to pay $100,000 for Prejean's legal fees and allowing her to publish her new book without interference. But Carrie Prejean herself got not a dime. Why is that?
Well, TMZ.com claims they have the answer. According to the tabloid site, a lawyer for the opposing side allegedly got hold of a sex tape featuring the former pageant winner and told her she'd better shut up and settle. Even better, TMZ claims they have actually seen the tape and it does exist.
So you push yourself as the American representation of core family values… and yet you parade around half-naked for photographers and let yourself end up as the star of a sex tape. The irony is just too much.
>> Latest: Carrie Prejean Sex Tape: â€˜Biggest Mistake of My Lifeâ€™
Sixteen years after those Games, and a year after returning to the pool, Evans has qualified to race in her signature events, the 400- and 800-meter freestyles, at the United States Olympic trials in June. The top two finishers in each event will earn berths to the London Games.
Evans's return to high-level competition has captivated some while confusing others. For every person who applauds her comeback after giving birth to two children and taking a 14-year hiatus from training, many others wonder about her motives given that she is a long shot to qualify for her fourth Olympics. At the 2008 trials, it took a time of 4 minutes 3.92 seconds in the 400 and 8:25.38 in the 800 to make the team. Evans's best times this year in those events are 4:17.27 and 8:49.05.
Photo
Evans is not the first 40-something mom to make a big splash; the sprinter Dara Torres , with her 2-year-old daughter in tow, won three silver medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics at 41 and will also be competing at this year's trials. But Evans has to log considerably more mileage in the pool to be competitive in distance races, which tend to be the province of the young and lithe.
For Evans, whose passage from adolescence to adulthood played out in the public eye, this is a more personal journey. Anything less than a victory is no longer a stinging defeat. At the Olympic trials in June, Evans, like the majority of the roughly 1,500 competitors, will be racing for the pure thrill of it, with no expectations of an Olympic berth. If she makes it to the final eight, she said, she will be ecstatic.
“I know there are people who feel like if I'm going to do this, then I have to make the Olympic team; otherwise, it's a failure,” said Evans, who is focused more on the process.
In pushing her body beyond what she imagined possible, Evans feels as if she has broken an age barrier.
“I struggled with turning 40,” Evans said. “It was a hard birthday for me. Someone said to me, ‘How do you feel now that your life is half over?' I wasn't ready to accept that it was all downhill from here. As a mom, you put so many things on the back burner. For me to find time to train, it was like this gift I could give myself. I think it can come out selfishly to say that, but it was something I could do for myself to feel good about being middle-aged, for lack of a better word.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Evans, ever the competitor, was not willing to concede defeat to Father Time.
“It's not about making the Olympics,” she said. “It's about my body being able to do things that my mind is telling it to do.” Evans started swimming when she was 2 ½, the age her son, Jake, is now. Her mother, Barbara, used to tell a story of Evans's swimming laps, then emerging from the water for a bottle and a diaper change. Evans set the first of her seven world records at 15, two years before her star turn in Seoul.
At the Barcelona Games four years later, she successfully defended her 800 freestyle crown and took the silver medal in the 400. She retired after the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, where she won no medals.
Photo
So completely did Evans shed her athlete's skin for her new life as a motivational speaker, her husband, Billy Willson, whom she married in 2004, said, “I never thought of her as an athlete.”
Evans's star power, like her smile, has never dimmed. She recently entered business partnerships with BMW , Arena sportswear and Metamucil, a fiber supplement that Evans admits was not on her radar when she was 17.
During her long reign as the queen of distance swimming, Evans disarmed the public with her humility, often referring to herself as “just Janet.” Her aversion to being fussed over remains as strong as the smell of chlorine on a pool deck.
Last year, she rejected Willson's offer to spirit her away for her 40th birthday on Aug. 28 and instead gave a party at home for Jake, who was born on the same day. Her priorities were as plain as the writing on the Thomas the Tank Engine cake: “Happy Birthday Jake and Janet.”
Evans said she had been criticized on social networking sites for training when she should be home with her children. But she has set up her schedule so her main swimming workout takes place in the morning, from 5:30 to 7:30, so she can make it home in time for breakfast. Her crazy hours are not lost on her daughter, who recently asked, “Why do you swim in the dark, Mommy?”
On Thursday, Evans left her home at 4:40 a.m. and swam 8,500 yards in less than two hours. She trains at Golden West College in Huntington Beach with Mark Schubert, who coached her at Southern California and is also making a comeback of sorts. After being fired in 2010 as the USA Swimming national team director, Schubert has returned to his roots coaching age-group swimmers and junior college athletes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I'm just having a blast doing this,” Schubert said. “It's fun to be back doing this after coaching kids who are sometimes so focused on their times instead of the joy of competing and winning.”
Photo
After 1988, Evans became one of those kids, her inability to revel in her achievements obvious to her only in retrospect.
“I never really appreciated the fact I was a great athlete,” Evans said. “I just really took it for granted. I get it now. It's fun for me to come home and tell Billy this is what I did at workout today and this is crazy that I'm able to do this.”
Before getting into the water, Evans exchanged pleasantries with a Masters swimmer whose high-school-age son, Nolan Rogers, was Evans's lanemate and pacesetter. “The kids I'm swimming with are closer in age to Sydney than me,” Evans wryly noted.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Also pushing Evans is Megan Rankin, a high school senior who has the best time of 4:10 in the 400 freestyle.
Rankin, 17, said that before she began training with Evans, she knew her only as a name in the age-group record books. ( Evans still holds the American record in the 800 freestyle, 8:16.22, set in August 1989.)
“Sometimes if she's beating me, I'll be thinking, how can I not keep up with her when she's going to go home and take care of two kids and she probably got no sleep last night?” Rankin said. “I seriously have no idea how she does it.”
After her swimming session was over, Evans had a dry land session. One of the exercises required her to put each foot on a Bosu ball — half a stability ball — and perform squats. Evans would get in more core exercise after returning home, when she straddled the jagged shell-covered rock jetty while searching for starfish with her daughter at the beach a few hundred yards from their house.
Photo
Toward the end of an hourlong walk, Evans's daughter stumbled upon a dead crab and grew sad. “It's the circle of life,” Evans told her as they crouched together to take a closer look. “He'll be food for a seagull.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Evans delights in the fact that her children's sandbox is a beach. When Evans is not traveling to make speeches, she and the children try to take a daily walk along the shore.
On this day, Sydney and Jake kicked off their shoes as soon as they reached the sand.
“What are you going to be when you grow up?” Evans asked her daughter. “Do you want to be an Olympic swimmer?”
“No,” she replied as she took off sprinting. “An Olympic runner.”
Her brother chased after her. Evans drank in the scene and said, “I just love seeing how happy my kids are.”
Evans's Olympic hardware — the four golds and the silver — are nowhere to be found in the 1930s three-bedroom cottage with the white picket fence. There is only one medal on display, and it is hanging in her daughter's room: a first-place medallion on a red-white-and-blue ribbon from a Labor Day running race.
Willson's job in technology sales allows him to work from home. He can chip in with the children when needed and behold the force of nature that is his wife.
Since Evans resumed training, he said, “What I've noticed is Janet's living in the moment a little more.”
He added: “Janet's someone — and Sydney's the same way — who has a lot of energy. She's happiest when she has a very full day.”
It took the unannounced visit from the drug testers — their second since she qualified for the Olympic trials last month — to get Evans to sit still. As enough of Evans's blood was drawn to fill four vials, her son asked the medical technician, “What are you doing to Mommy's arm?”
Turning his worried gaze to Evans, he said, “Are you O.K., Mommy?” She gave him a big smile and said: “I'm fine, Jakey. Mommy's good.”
It has been more than a year since Terrence Boyd suffered a serious injury, and he is still not certain when he will be able to train fully again with his club.
Boyd, 24, tore his right ACL and meniscus on Dec. 7, 2014, but has had setbacks on his road to recovery and has not been able to resume practicing with RB Leipzig. The forward, who partially tore the same ACL last July, recently had to go under the knife again due to fluid build-up.
There is no exact timetable for a complete recovery, but Boyd hopes to be able to test his knee again in January. If everything works out without a problem then, he believes he could potentially return to playing in one to two more months.
Boyd joined RB Leipzig in summer 2014. He made seven league appearances for the 2. Bundesliga outfits before suffering the serious injury last winter, and scored twice.
What do you think of Boyd still being unable to train fully? Expect to see him return before the end of the season? Can he be the same player he was before the injury?
Share your thoughts below.
Time to spice up your Xbox One.
The November System Update went live over the weekend, and one of the coolest new features it adds is the ability to set a custom background. So, we've decided to help you give your console a geeky makeover. Below are eight backgrounds based fun things like the original Xbox and Jurassic Park.
To set a custom background, simply download one of these images onto a USB device, plug it into your Xbox One, launch the new Media Player app, select the picture, then press the menu button and select “Set as background.”
Enjoy!
Original Xbox
Image Credit: GamesBeat
Xbox 360
Image Credit: GamesBeat
Retro Atari
Image Credit: GamesBeat
‘Jurassic Park'
Image Credit: GamesBeat
‘Star Trek'
Image Credit: GamesBeat
Persona 4
Image Credit: GamesBeat
Fallout
Image Credit: GamesBeat
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Samurai Warriors: Sanada Maru launches November 23 in Japan, first trailer
First-print copies include NHK Taiga drama Sanada Maru costume.
Samurai Warriors: Sanada Maru will launch for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita in Japan on November 23, Koei Tecmo announced. It will cost 7,800 yen for PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 3, and 6,800 yen for PS Vita.
First-print copies of the game will include a download code for the NHK Taiga drama Sanada Maru special costume, “Sanada Nobushige (Yukimura) Akazonae.”
A “Treasure Box” edition was also announced. It includes a Samurai warrior: Sanada Maru art book, special “Rokumonsen”-style acrylic coaster set, original soundtrack, and a copy of the game. It will cost 12,800 yen for PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 3, and 11,800 yen for PS Vita.
Consumers who purchase the game at Gamecity and Amazon Japan include a download code for a Sanada Color costume for Kunoichi. Geo purchases include the costume for Inahime. Tsutaya and WonderGOO purchases include the costume for Kaihime. And Loppi/HMV purchases include a special costume for Kunoichi.
Koei Tecmo also revealed a new playable character named Chacha (voiced by Marika Kouno), as well as visuals for Young Man Sanada Yukumira and Adult Sanada Masayuki:
Chacha (voiced by Mariko Kouno) The daughter of Azai Nagamasa, the head of the Azai clan, and Oichi, Oda Nobunaga's younger sister. She brims with the elegance expected of the daughter of a distinguished family. She wears armor perhaps because of her unhappy childhood, and has an atmosphere that keeps other away, but by meeting Yukimura and company, she begins to gradually open her heart. Young Man Sanada Yukimura (voiced by Takeshi Kusao) Sanada Masayuki's second son. He is a young warrior who, together with his older brother Noboyuki, makes military exploits for the Hosue of Sanada. He has grown into a man loved by his allies because of his character and feared by his enemies because of his military strength. Observing his father and older brother, he asks himself what it is that he should protect. Adult Sanada Masayuki (voiced by Kenta Miyake) After the downfall of the House of Takeda, Masayuki chose to follow the Oda clan, his mortal enemy. However, when Oda Nobunaga soon fell in the Honnoji Incident, Masayuki tried all possible means for the sake of Sanada's survival. His way of life does not hesitate to betray and conspire, before long earning him the name “two-faced,” and even misleads his son Yukimura.
Read more about the game here.
Watch the first trailer below.
Update 08/05/16: View a set of artworks at the gallery.
Click here for more news on AOL.com
CINCINNATI (AP) - An Ohio couple who authorities say returned their 9-year-old adopted son to the county after raising him since infancy have been charged with abandoning the child.
Cleveland and Lisa Cox of Liberty Township, north of Cincinnati, were each indicted Wednesday on a misdemeanor count of nonsupport of dependents. The charge accuses them of recklessly abandoning or failing to provide adequate support for the boy they turned over to Butler County Children Services last month.
County Prosecutor Michael Gmoser said Thursday that he doesn't usually seek indictments in misdemeanor cases but views this as "reckless" abandonment.
"When you are the parent and you recklessly abandon a child or children, there are criminal consequences," Gmoser said. "These children don't have a return-to-sender stamp emblazoned on their forehead."
Messages left Thursday at the couple's home in Butler County were not immediately returned. It was unclear if they had been served an arrest warrant issued Wednesday.
Child Services and the county sheriff's office also didn't return messages Thursday.
Adolf Olivas, an attorney appointed by the court to protect the child's legal interests, told the Hamilton-Middletown Journal-News that the parents said the boy has aggressive behaviors and would not agree to get help.
The child is hurt and confused and doesn't understand what is happening, Olivas said.
"If your 9-year-old needs help, you get him help," Olivas told the newspaper. "It is not a question of a 9-year-old wanting it or not."
Olivas had no additional comment Thursday.
The Coxes could face up to six months in jail and a $1,000 fine if convicted of the first-degree misdemeanor.
"This is not about somebody who can't pay to support the child," the prosecutor said.
The median annual income in the region where the parents live is more than $100,000, and the median home value is more than $280,000, according to census data.
"These are the only parents he has ever known, Gmoser said. "What do you think happens at night when he goes to sleep and doesn't have his brothers around or someone to talk to he has known for nine years?"
Gmoser confirmed the Coxes have other children.
Benjamin Johnson, a spokesman for the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services, said such cases are rare.
A Tennessee woman who ended her adoption of a 7-year-old Russian boy by putting him on a plane to Moscow by himself in 2010 lost her bid this year to keep from paying $150,000 in child support. Criminal charges were not filed against the woman, but the Seattle-based adoption agency sued her for support. She had sent a note with the boy saying he had violent behavior problems and she no longer wanted to be his mother.
Click here for more news on AOL.com
Action for Trans Health believes anyone who self-identifies as a woman should be allowed to use women-only spaces JOEL GOODMAN
A transgender campaign group that gave evidence to an influential parliamentary committee has publicly supported violence against women.
Members of Action for Trans Health (ATH) have issued a series of incendiary statements on social media since its supporters were involved in an attack on a 60-year-old woman in London's Hyde Park on September 13.
The victim, Maria MacLachlan, suffered bruising after being punched by an activist widely identified on social media as Tara Flik Wood, 28, a courier who lives in London. MacLachlan was with a group of feminists who were planning to hold a meeting about gender identity.
Unlike MacLachlan and her group, ATH believes that anyone who self-identifies as a woman — without having undergone transition surgery — should be allowed to use women-only spaces…
(Adds Groening, Fox statements)
By Bill Trott and Piya Sinha-Roy
LOS ANGELES, March 9 (Reuters) - Sam Simon, a co-creator of Fox's long-running hit animated series “The Simpsons” and an ardent philanthropist for animals, died after a battle with colon cancer, his agent said on Monday. He was 59.
Simon won nine Emmy awards for his work as a writer and executive producer of “The Simpsons,” the situation comedy that premiered in 1989 and won over a global audience with its portrait of a bumbling father and his wayward family.
“The Simpsons” co-creator Matt Groening, who worked with Simon to develop the show for Fox's broadcast channel, said in a statement, “We will miss Sam's phenomenal talents, sharp intelligence, and sly sense of humor.”
Executive producer and showrunner Al Jean added, “I personally owe him more than can be repaid, but I will do my best to help every animal I can in his memory.”
Doctors first gave Simon three to six months to live when he was diagnosed with incurable colon cancer in 2012. Simon, who had founded the Sam Simon Foundation in 2002, decided to give away his fortune, estimated by media at $100 million.
“I have a desire to help animals,” Simon told Reuters last August. “The question of whether it makes financial sense, it's my money and I get to do what I want with it. It's an expensive hobby I picked up at the end of my life.”
Growing up in Beverly Hills, California, Simon embraced art and was selling cartoons to San Francisco newspapers while still a student at Stanford University.
In 1988, Simon joined cartoonist Groening and producer James L. Brooks in creating “The Simpsons” prime-time series.
He oversaw the writing staff and helped develop the characters populating the dysfunctional world around the oafish but endearing Homer Simpson: his dutiful wife, Marge, and their children, bratty Bart, overachieving Lisa and baby Maggie.
“Sam helped establish the tone and world of the Simpsons in the early years of this landmark series, and his contributions live on,” Fox Television group said in a statement.
The show was a smart social satire built around crass characters and it became the longest-running sitcom on American television.
After four seasons of “The Simpsons,” Simon negotiated a deal to leave the show while retaining a percentage of its future earnings, which would bring him between $20 million and $30 million a year. He is still listed as executive producer in the show's credits. (Editing by Mary Milliken)
Now everybody just chill out and listen for a sec. I'm not a proponent of changing the name of Oriole Park at Camden Yards and there's been absolutely no indication that it will ever even happen. Back in 2000, there was a story that ran on ABCNews.com that said the O's were considering selling the naming rights to the stadium. After a little Googling, I've seen nothing since.
Last week, the Rangers sold the naming rights to the Ballpark at Arlington. Going forward it will be known as Globe Life Park in Arlington.
Lame. Sellouts.
But if you look at the list of Major League Baseball stadiums, less than a third have non-corporate names (Angel Stadium, Dodger Stadium, Fenway Park, Kauffman Stadium, Marlins Park, Nationals Park, Oriole Park at Camden Yards and Yankee Stadium). Some of those other 22 stadiums don't sound too terrible either (Wrigley Field, Busch Stadium, Coors Field, Miller Park).
So I figured that since the team has done nothing of note this offseason and we're all starved for baseball, let's talk about which sponsors could potentially fit in Baltimore:
5. Esskay Park at Camden Yards
You guys, Esskay was there for the Ripken years. Hot dogs and baseball are synonymous — especially now that we're putting crab and macaroni and cheese on them. When you think hot dogs at OPACY, you think Esskay. The swinging bird is on the package and there's that seamless billboard that's been there forever in right field. It just works.
4. Domino Sugar Stadium at Camden Yards
The Domino Sugar sign that overlooks the inner harbor is as much of a landmark in Baltimore as our beloved stadium. Putting that logo on the warehouse wouldn't be so bad, would it? I could support Domino Sugar becoming the sponsor of Camden Yards.
3. Old Bay Ballpark
You're already dumping this stuff on crabs, french fries, wings, popcorn, potato chips, Bloody Marys and breakfast cereal. Why not name the freaking Yard after it? No one understands Old Bay like we do in Baltimore. It's uniquely our thing.
2. National Bohemian Yard
Ignoring the fact that Natty Boh is no longer brewed in Baltimore and is now owned by the Pabst Brewing Company, people in Baltimore (myself included) take pride in our cheap beer. National Bohemian became the “official” beer of the O's in the late 1960's and has “From the Land of Pleasant Living” printed on the can. We love this stuff in Baltimore.
1. Under Armour Stadium
Okay. This one is not only the most realistic (from a financial standpoint), but also the one I'm most excited about. Under Armour is Baltimore. Kevin Plank went to the University of Maryland, the company is based here and makes Baltimore specific gear. Could you imagine the glowing UA on the Warehouse? I sure can.
Sure, most of these are very unrealistic and I personally don't think we'll ever see the O's sell the naming rights to Camden Yards. But it's fun to wonder, right?
Which one is your favorite?
Image Credits: Kathleen Tyler Conklin, Steve Snodgrass, Vox Efx
On Wednesday, Victorian Auditor-General Peter Frost will table his report on how effectively the government and road authorities responded.
It is expected the report will say that many of the commission's recommendations have not been implemented, including introducing variable time-of-day charging on toll roads, looking at tolling existing roads, increasing clearways, cutting the cost of off-peak public transport fares and removing incentives for state government employees to drive to work. The Napthine government is strongly pushing the multibillion-dollar east-west link as a congestion silver bullet. But many argue, including the former government, that it is impossible to build enough roads to end congestion. Even the former government's response to the 2006 report by VCEC conceded this, noting: ''Experience from around the world demonstrates that is not possible to 'build' our way out of congestion and that the benefits of new, high-cost infrastructure projects may be transitory.''
In other words, build a road and vehicles will come in even greater numbers than before. The improved traffic flow generated by the $1.39 billion upgrade of the M1 Monash/West Gate freeway is already evaporating less than three years after major works were completed; and the M80 Ring Road is already undergoing a $2.25 billion upgrade just a decade after completion. New roads cost billions and their benefits are short-lived, which is why governments attempt to get maximum use out of existing transport infrastructure - by better connections and getting people to travel to work outside peak hours. The most obvious technique for achieving this on roads is tolling, whether it is a cordon around the central business district, such as in London, or some other form of road charging using GPS technology. Some transport experts believe congestion charging is inevitable. Infrastructure Australia boss Sir Rod Eddington has been calling for a ''mature'' discussion on road pricing in Australia since 2008, and Transurban chief executive Scott Charlton told an infrastructure conference in Melbourne recently the public's attitude to road charging was changing. But adding tolls to existing roads is something neither major party has been prepared to even flirt with for fear of a voter backlash.
The Napthine government is strongly pushing the multibillion-dollar east-west link as a congestion silver bullet. But many argue, including the former government, that it is impossible to build enough roads to end congestion. When ConnectEast boss Dennis Cliche said recently the EastLink toll road operator wanted to buy the Eastern Freeway and toll it, Roads Minister Terry Mulder responded with ''Tell him he's dreaming.'' Labor's former roads minister Tim Pallas says congestion charges are inequitable. ''The transport-rich areas actually don't have to pay to use the facilities they have got and the transport-poor areas have to pay when they use their motor vehicles and enter those transport rich areas and it really just perpetuates disadvantage.'' The RACV, Victoria's peak motoring body, is willing to countenance road pricing provided other charges, including fuel taxes, are overhauled. Melbourne does have a congestion levy - a tax on car parking spaces in the CBD that will net the state government $47 million this year - but it is more a revenue stream than a traffic management tool.
Charlton argues a wider tolling system on Melbourne roads should be introduced to fund infrastructure, manage demand and promote public transport alternatives. He says roads are the last utility that does not charge according to how much you use it. He also says up to 40 per cent of travel in the afternoon peak is discretionary. But Transurban has shown little appetite for one congestion-busting policy that could shift some of that discretionary afternoon travel - reduced off-peak tolls, recommended in VCEC's 2006 report. Transurban could set variable tolls on CityLink. It does so in the United States. A network of 76 information signs inform drivers of real-time toll rates so they can make informed decisions on whether to enter tolled lanes. But VicRoads says there is no provision for off-peak tolls for CityLink in the current concession agreements with toll road operators, and any change ''would likely require compensation from the state''.
Statistics back Pallas' assertion that those in the outer suburbs are forced to drive, and to drive further, for employment. The 2011 census found people living in the outer eastern municipality of Cardinia, for example, commute a median distance of 25 kilometres to get to work, the longest in Melbourne. Selina Gilmour lives in Balnarring and works in Balwyn, where she runs a small business with her husband. She spends at least 2½ hours a day driving to and from work, - a trip of more than 80 kilometres each way. It's a commute she hates but is willing to accept to live by the sea on the Mornington Peninsula. The Mornington Peninsula has the highest percentage of residents that drive to work of all municipalities in Melbourne - 89 per cent, according to recent analysis of the 2011 census by the Department of Transport. The proportion of car commuters even increased marginally between 2006 and 2011, a period in which public transport use increased significantly. But Gilmour says that public transport is not a viable alternative for her. It would mean a drive to Bittern railway station on the Stony Point line - an irregular diesel service - then another train into the city and finally a bus out to Balwyn. ''There's no way I'd catch the train. It's so not worth it, it would take me hours to get to work,'' she says.
So she drives along Peninsula Link, the city's newest arterial road, along the length of EastLink and halfway down the Eastern Freeway to Bulleen Road. Peninsula Link has shaved 10 to 15 minutes off her commute, Gilmour says, although she is shocked at how busy it is just weeks after opening. ''It's like they need an extra third lane.'' Gilmour's 80-kilometre cross-city commute costs her some 15 hours in time and $200 in petrol each week, as well as the cost of servicing her car three or four times a year. But many Melburnians do not endure a commute as arduous and expensive as hers. About one in four live and work in the same local area, according to a 2011 report by the federal Department of Infrastructure and Transport. Transport planners view living and working in the same neighbourhood as a good thing because it cuts travel times and means job opportunities are not concentrated in the city centre.
However, in a sprawling city such as Melbourne, living and working in the same municipality does not always mean drivers won't be stuck in traffic. In the booming city of Whittlesea on Melbourne's northern outskirts, 52 per cent of residents works in the municipality or a neighbouring one. Primary school teacher Darren Peters lives in Doreen and works in Mill Park, a journey of about 13 kilometres that takes him 40 minutes. Just 2½ years ago the drive took him 20 minutes, Peters says, but in that time Whittlesea's population has grown by about 15,000. ''It's a lot of stolen time and it's very frustrating,'' says Peters, who is also a spokesman for South Morang Mernda Rail Alliance, a community group pushing for the South Morang railway line to be extended to Mernda. Yet, despite his public transport advocacy, Peters admits he gave up on Whittlesea's buses a long time ago. They are even slower and less reliable than driving, he says. Whittlesea's main north-south arterial, Plenty Road, has recently been duplicated at a cost of almost $22 million, giving residents of Doreen and Mernda two lanes in each direction where before there was one.
But Peters says the project's main effect has been to push the traffic bottleneck further south. VicRoads is already investigating building a third lane along part of Plenty Road. Navigation company TomTom released a congestion report this week that placed Melbourne fourth on the list of Australian and New Zealand cities, behind Sydney, Perth and Auckland. In the study, cities were indexed using travel times during non-congested periods, compared with travel in peak times, and the difference was expressed as a percentage increase in travel time. Melbourne scored 28 per cent. But this simple method for measuring congestion was rejected by VCEC in its 2006 report.
''One problem with defining congestion in terms of free-flowing traffic is that it does not guide policymakers towards an appropriate policy response to address congestion,'' it said. ''Expanding the road network to the point where all traffic moves at 'free flow' speeds, for example, would incur costs far in excess of the benefits.'' Graham Currie, professor of public transport at Monash University, says some congestion is good - it signals a healthy economy. But spending too much time stuck in traffic can be bad for people's mental wellbeing, as well as costing the economy, he says. However, the old method of fixing congestion - building a new road - is finished in big cities such as Melbourne, he says. ''The conventional way forward in the past has always been what we call 'predict and provide'. You predict future congestion, therefore you provide more road space. And that's been the way we've always gone.'' But Currie says there is a growing international consensus among transport experts that you can't keep on doing that.
VicRoads has begun or completed at least a dozen major road upgrades since the release of VCEC's congestion report in 2006. But as traffic continues to grow - and it has by 16 per cent in the past decade - the authority has also begun to give priority to trams, buses and even bicycles on some roads as a way of moving more people without widening roads to fit more vehicles. Meanwhile, traffic volumes continue to rise at a rapid rate on Melbourne's freeways and tollways. VicRoads traffic data shows average speeds on Melbourne's busiest road, the M1, vary from 20km/h to 60km/h in the morning peak - a modest speed for a major arterial that has just been widened at a cost of $1.39 billion. The upgrade improved flows by between 5 per cent and 20 per cent, VicRoads says. Loading But Graham Currie says all the upgrades to Melbourne's main road have ultimately generated more traffic, creating congestion that has eventually wiped out the initial time savings.
''Whenever we increase road space we increase traffic. We are not fundamentally solving the problem of congestion,'' he says.
Rush Limbaugh and Tom Brokaw may be sick of Chris Christie's “Bridgegate” scandal, but the rest of the media most definitely isn't. Conservatives and Republicans will chalk that up to the media's supposed liberal bias — and, to be fair, it is indeed hard to miss the barely subsumed glee with which many of the folks at MSNBC and the Huffington Post have delved into the story and all its sordid details. But I don't think the explanation is simple tribalism and partisanship. I don't think the tsunami of press coverage that's completely engulfed Christie would be quite so overwhelming if the politician at its center were another Republican. I can't picture Jimmy Fallon bringing Indiana's John Mellencamp on the air to satirize-through-song Gov. Mike Pence's fall from grace.
No, the reason Bridgegate has so captivated the political class (beyond the fact that it's taking place in the tri-state area, which is arguably the media capital of the world) has something to do with Christie in particular. It's the schadenfreude of watching a guy who presented himself as a political rhino — tough and mean, stubborn and strong — as he's forced to acknowledge, at least for a little while, his own fallibility and his own desperate need to remain well-liked. Granted, this is not exactly a refined and noble pleasure. There's something more than a little unseemly about reveling in another person's public shame. But it's a fallen world we live in; and as far as baser spectacles go, I'll take it over watching a man, clothed in immense power, berate an ordinary citizen (usually a woman) for daring to challenge him instead of praising his name.
Advertisement:
But at the risk of sounding overly concerned about the feelings of a deeply unsympathetic figure, I'd like to caution my fellow lefties against deriving too much joy from the unfolding disaster that is Chris Christie's 2014. Not because Christie is, as some in the media still insist, some kind of crypto-moderate (he isn't) and not because his possible transgression is minor (it isn't) or, as Slate's David Plotz might put it, simply part of the game. Instead, the reason I'd recommend people on the left think twice about cheering Christie's demise is because of where he stands on one of America's fundamental ideological fault lines: the necessity of government. On that issue, compared to Christie's fellow Republican 2016 presidential competitors, the New Jersey governor and we lefties are less different, more the same.
To a degree, this is about style more than substance. On policy, Christie's frequently as right-wing as any other Republican — especially when it comes to taxes and women's health. But when you match Christie's rhetoric about government up against that of the rest of the 2016 GOP pack, you find that there are crucial differences, and they're differences that explain why Christie is perhaps more loathed by the Tea Party right than he is even by public sector unions and the liberals who support them. Take his speech declaring victory on the night of his reelection, for example. Describing the situation he inherited from his predecessor, Democrat Jon Corzine, Christie said folks thought government “was just there to take from them but not to give to them, not to work with them, not to work for them.”
At first blush, this might not sound like anything beyond standard politician-speak. But he continued: “four years later, we stand here tonight showing that it is possible to put doing your job first … and get something done for the people who elected you.” The difference in framing between how Christie's describing his job and how, say, Sen. Rand Paul or Sen. Ted Cruz or Rep. Paul Ryan or even Gov. Scott Walker would describe their job is subtle but important. If Paul or Cruz or Ryan or Walker were bragging about their accomplishments in a victory speech — the moment above all others when a politician can “campaign in poetry,” as Gov. Mario Cuomo once said — they wouldn't wax rhapsodic about their own management of the state. They wouldn't make the point, as Christie did, that government is there to "give" and "work with" and "work for" its citizens.
On the contrary, they'd say something about “Getting government out of the way” or “Removing government's barriers to liberty” or “Liberating the American spirit from big government's red tape.” At most, theirs would be a grudging acknowledgement of the necessity of government, a recognition that much as they'd like to live in a world without an activist state, they're willing to accept one, reduced to a minimum, all the same. Similarly, while Christie as governor has come to accept Obamacare's Medicaid expansion, and was too smart —and too pragmatic — to continue mounting a doomed bid to stop same-sex marriage from becoming a reality in his state, other top-tier Republicans, the ones the Tea Party actually likes, would more likely flaunt their ideological rigidity and relish the chance to fight a losing battle in the name of true conservative principles.
Beyond a cultural preference from lefties for politicians who are willing to acknowledge the ameliorative powers of the state, Christie's limited but real understanding that government has a positive role to play in its citizens' lives would be, if he were to survive Bridgegate and prosper in the 2016 GOP primary, a rebuke of all the Tea Party nihilism that's mucked up American government since 2010. And while that'd be good for the system on the whole, regardless of partisan or ideological considerations, it'd also make it easier for those of us on the left to make strong and unabashed arguments for actually progressive, forward-thinking policies. (Like these, for example.) In appreciable ways, the conversation would be less about whether government should be eliminated or merely refined, as tends to be the case now, but rather about whether government should do things itself, or merely assist the market in doing them instead.
I think most Tea Party types understand this, and it's why they hate Christie so much. They know that, in general, they're the keepers of a political worldview that's demographically on the decline. They know that GOP elites — the guys with the real money, the real power — are getting sick of their millenarian libertarianism. They know that with each passing day, the myth of Ronald Reagan and the legacy of Barry Goldwater fades ever further from the mainstream of national electoral politics. In their eyes, Chris Christie supports big government, and nominating him in 2016 would ruin their next last chance (it's always the next last chance) to finally unwind the New Deal state. If for no other reason than this, I'll be able to find the silver lining in any possible Chris Christie survival. He's pretty terrible, sure; but at least he sees a role for the state.
Cameras were recently added to two women's and two men's restrooms at the Windsor Charter Academy Early College High School, and several parents say they are not OK with them being there.
The cameras are mounted on the ceiling in each of the restrooms, and according to the school, they point only toward the sinks. The stalls, which are a new design for the school, span from the floor to ceiling to increase privacy for students, Rebecca Teeples, the executive director of Windsor Charter Academy Schools, said in a phone interview.
The cameras, she said, point toward the wash stations because that is considered a public space, and cameras were placed in all public areas of the school to increase security for students.
Bill Bethke, an attorney in private practice who represents the Windsor Charter Academy schools, as well as others in the state, said the school wanted to monitor those entering and leaving the bathroom.
To read more of this story go to greeleytribune.com
By Kate Holton and Mark Hosenball
LONDON, Feb 13 (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch will face hostile and angry staff when he arrives in Britain this week seeking to face down a growing rebellion within his newspaper business and end the talk that his flagship Sun could close following a string of arrests.
Those close to the media mogul expect the 80-year-old to show far more composure and calculation when he addresses journalists on a hostile newsroom floor, compared with his conduct last July when he suddenly shut the News of the World paper in the face of public revulsion over phone hacking.
"No one can imagine quite the pressure he was under in July," said one person familiar with the situation.
"The pace of it was incredible, it was very emotional and traumatic. This is very different."
Unlike in July, readers and, most importantly, advertisers have shown little reaction to news over the last two weeks that nine current and former senior staff have been arrested and questioned over payments made to police and other officials.
Politicians, who spectacularly turned on Murdoch following the admission that his journalists hacked into the phones of murder victims and Britain's war dead, have also held back in the knowledge that calling for the closure of the biggest selling newspaper would be a dangerous move to make.
But despite the different scenario, Murdoch is still under huge pressure. The FBI and other American government agencies have stepped up their hunt for signs of illegality at a U.S.-based company. A case brought under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could result in fines of millions of dollars.
He is also under fire from within, having opened an internal investigation that resulted in the latest arrests and led to the talk among frightened and angry staff of a witch-hunt.
And he has few options as bankers say no company would want to buy the Sun or his Times newspapers until they have been thoroughly investigated. For so long one of the most powerful men in Britain, Murdoch is now effectively powerless to act.
Speaking from his experience as the editor of the Sunday Times for 11 years, Andrew Neil told Reuters: "The Sun has turned against Rupert Murdoch."
"He has put in place things he cannot stop. The Sun was the (UK paper) most loyal to Murdoch. It was closest to his heart. Now Sun journalists believe he has launched a witch-hunt to protect himself.
"He won't be welcomed. They won't believe his promises. They're sullen. They're resentful. They feel betrayed."
THROWN OFF A CLIFF
One company source told Reuters that staff felt let down and as if they had been thrown off a cliff by a man who used to champion their work. The source said the provocative tabloid had long been the 'apple of Rupert's eye', generating cash that enabled expansion elsewhere in Britain.
Now staff are bracing themselves for more arrests. A sense of siege mentality has developed while journalists are openly consulting lawyers to discuss the law and their rights.
"This is not just rank and file staff but people in the editorial chain of command of the Sun who are livid at the way their colleagues have been treated," a company insider said.
Much of the anger within News International, Murdoch's British newspaper arm, is directed at the unit set up by News Corp to root out any evidence of illegal behaviour, a group that includes the award winning journalist Will Lewis, previously the editor of the rival Daily Telegraph.
The Management and Standards Committee was set up at the height of the furore over phone hacking and was designed to rescue the company's reputation. However to some, it has become part of the problem as Murdoch now has little control.
The small committee is working alongside up to 100 personnel from top London law firms as well as forensic advisers and computer experts searching through more than 300 million emails, expense claims, phone records and other documents.
Some 15 or 20 police officers are actually embedded with the cleanup team and the committee is often asked to conduct specific searches and pass information back to the police.
While the committee has come under intense fire, there is practically very little that the group can do. Any attempt to hide information from the police or tip off journalists could result in criminal charges for those involved.
It also redacts any sensitive information to prevent police from learning the identities of confidential sources. Despite this, fears have grown that well placed sources will no longer want to talk to the Sun and Times journalists.
In a sign of the ill feeling towards the group, staff on the MSC file in to their office through special security to avoid other News International staff and work in soundproofed offices.
ALTERNATIVE OPTIONS
Analysts and bankers are adamant that however uncomfortable, efforts to clean up the paper are vital if News Corp is to ever consider selling the papers.
According to people familiar with the work of the MSC, it could take at least another 18 months.
In a sign of how important the committee's work is considered within the wider News Corp group, the company's new top corporate lawyer Gerson Zweifach has joined the committee, a separate source familiar with the situation told Reuters.
Roy Greenslade, a London professor of journalism who has worked for Rupert Murdoch, said the media veteran was in a very difficult place because he could not order the MSC to pull back their efforts, meaning he is instead left to try and appease seething journalists.
"I can't imagine he'll close the Sun," he said. "It's a hugely profitable paper, it keeps the Times and Sunday Times going and it would literally be him saying goodbye to his whole kingdom and I think that is a step too far at this stage.
Over the past few days, pizza has become something of a political matter.
After the CEO of Papa John's blamed NFL player protests for poor profits this week, the pizza chain was slammed on social media by consumers and even rival pizza-makers for the quality of its pizza – the true reason for suffering sales, those critics claim.
Some took it a step or two further, calling Papa John's founder and CEO John Schnatter a racist, with one white supremacist website naming Papa John's the official pizza of the “alt-right,” Newsweek reported.
Papa John's, which operates nearly 5,000 stores, is considering ending its NFL sponsorship, The Wall Street Journal and CNBC reported Friday.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Whether that ends up happening or not, Papa John's has a message for racists: Don't buy our pizza.
The full statement, received by The Huffington Post via email from the company's senior director of public relations:
“We condemn racism in all forms and any and all hate groups that support it. We do not want these individuals or groups to buy our pizza.”
Meanwhile, some liberals have threatened to boycott Papa John's and take their pie-buying business to competitor Little Caesars, whose founder Mike Ilitch reportedly paid for civil rights figure Rosa Parks' housing for the last 11 years of her life, according to a Sports Business Daily story from 2014.
Some say the company will rebound, in image and in profits.
“People get upset and the outrage lasts for a week,” marketing professor Lakshman Krishnamurthi told The Washington Post. “These kinds of things blow over.”
Many were outraged Sunday night by Sen. Bernie Sanders's answer to a CNN debate question when he said, “When you're white, you don't know what it's like to be living in a ghetto. You don't know what it's like to be poor.”
To many, the answer seemed to deny the existence of white poverty and equate being non-white with being poor.
Sanders surrogate Killer Mike said the backlash itself was outrageous.
“He used a colloquial term that every person I know uses!” he told The Daily Beast on Tuesday. “I trust black people to be more intelligent than to be baited like this.”
The core of the issue, Killer Mike says, is Sanders's use of the phrase “white people.” Yes, by any literal interpretation, the senator said no white people have experienced poverty, but Sanders — like countless other people — was using it as shorthand for the white middle class, Killer Mike said.
“In this country, when people talk about white people, they're talking about the perceived white middle class. What I think he was saying—what I know he was saying—is that the white middle class, which he and Hillary represent—they don't know what it's like to live in a ghetto!"
Other black public figures have been less generous in their interpretation.
“We have to end the view that black=ghetto=poor,” tweeted Washington Post reporter Perry Bacon Jr. on Sunday night, in response to Sanders's comments.
To Mike, such criticism is not only unfounded but intellectually dishonest.
“I am truly embarrassed that black leaders are baiting their own black constituents like this,” he said. “It is wrong, it is disingenuous, and I hope that for those black leaders who are turning this against him, their chickens come home to roost somehow.”
Mike urged voters of color not to believe the hype.
“You have to stand by the person who is acknowledging the unfairness of your suffering,” he said. “If you don't vote for him, don't let it be for some stupid-ass reason the media told you.”
I believe in God. I try to feel the room before I blurt that out in conversation, but it's a feature of my personality and a fact of my life. I've long wanted to do away with ideology and the punishing male trickster deity of my youth and get to the heart of the heart of the matter. Who is God? Who are we? What are we doing here? And how can we do it with a little more grace and guidance? Healing my broken perceptions of the divine, hitting the “install update” button and awakening to a new vision of God—that's what this prayer is for me.
REVISION
1 Lord, hear my prayer—
1 My mind is filled with falsehoods about You.
2 Today let me rewrite.
3 Give me the courage to delete the rotten first second third and hundredth drafts
4 That deny You,
5 That blame You,
6 That slander You.
7 It is time.
1 Guide me to write a different, better story.
2 Teach me the true meaning of the garden, the snake, the apple, and the fall.
3 Scrub from my mind the lazy oft-told tales of punishment, trickery, and abandonment.
4 Let me retire the ego's clichés and distortions, O Lord, and bid farewell to the misconceived central character:
5 the psychopathic, jealous trickster,
6 the crude caricature of paternal retribution,
7 the off-planet deity watching over us impassively, folded-armed, while we rot and writhe, our cries falling on deaf God ears.
1 I declare this vision of God to be false, and I ask that any remnants of this lie be erased from the crevices of my consciousness.
1 Let me learn anew. Let not the guilting of grandparents lead me to fear and reject the guidance of the other:
2 The Sikh,
3 The Sufi,
4 The Shaman,
5 The Hindu,
6 The Buddhist,
7 The Christian,
8 The Gnostic,
9 The Kabbalist.
10 If it is wise and true
11 —If it bears Your cosmic fingerprints and the quiet perfection of Your voice—
12 I will listen.
1 Let me live with the compassion of Buddha and Quan Yin and Mother Mary,
2 Let me write with the sacred clarity of Rumi and Hafiz, Wordsworth and Blake.
3 Teach me to surrender like Mohammed and pray like David,
4 To be fiery like Rama and fierce like Jesus.
1 May I not fall into the deification of any man—for You alone are God—but may I let the example of their light guide my path.
1 When I am weeping like Arjuna on the inner battlefield, may beautiful blue Krishna—the divine charioteer—lift me up and remind me of the Truth:
1 I am That.
2 Thou are That. All this is That.
3 That alone Is and there is nothing else but That.
1 Let me remember the divine dance of the Mother-Father, always, lest I fall into the dog-eat-dog foolishness upon which so much cruelty and injustice is based.
1 (When the Father said, “Let there be light,” the Mother answered, “And there was light.”)
1 Erase the imprint of atheism from my mind, Lord.
2 And while You're at it, please remove: guilt, shame, anxiety, depression, comparison, competition, vanity, arrogance, and sloth.
1 Let the false prophets and holy bullies turn inward.
2 May they recognize the battle is never outside themselves.
3 For You do not exist in the world of opposites.
1 The madness of this world is our own.
2 We created it, we perpetuated it.
3 You do not endorse it.
4 You are innocent.
5 We have created You in our image.
6 Forgive us.
1 How am I to know I am being heard?
2 Because I am speaking to myself.
1 You and I are not separate.
1 Heal the wound in my psyche that stubbornly claims otherwise,
2 For this is the ego's well-constructed and persistent lie:
3 You are alone you are alone you are alone.
1 Like a train schedule blaring on a loudspeaker, it is repeated. Over and over.
2 Daring us to relent and believe that which is false.
1 The bite of that apple was terrible indeed.
2 It convinced us we were not You.
1 Let me bear the weight of the responsibility for these errors of thought, speech, action, and perception as I learn to walk the razor's edge of virtue.
1 May I always hear the steady vigilance and unending love of Your voice guiding me home.
1 All else falls away.
2 Only that which is unchanging is True.
1 Thank You, Mother-Father God,
2 for this new beginning.
Josh Radnor is best known for playing Ted Mosby on the Emmy-nominated CBS comedy How I Met Your Mother. He has written and directed two feature films, happythankyoumoreplease and Liberal Arts, both of which premiered to great acclaim at the Sundance Film Festival (the former winning the festival's 2010 Audience Award).
This piece is excerpted from UNSCROLLED, the new book in which 54 leading Jewish writers, artists, photographers, screenwriters, and more grapple with the first five books of the Bible, giving new meaning to the 54 Torah portions. Join the conversation at unscrolled.org and on Twitter with #Torahin140.
Copyright © Josh Radnor. Excerpted from Unscrolled. Copyright © 2013 Roger Bennett. Reprinted with permission from Workman Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Captain Steven Gerrard was named on the bench for Liverpool's trip to Real Madrid
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers's contentious decision to field a weakened team in the Champions League defeat by Real Madrid will only be judged when phases two and three of his masterplan unfold.
In what many saw as a move that flew in the face of Liverpool's great history in this tournament, Rodgers rested A-listers such as Steven Gerrard and Raheem Sterling in favour of sending the undercard out at the Bernabeu.
The result was a 1-0 defeat by the Champions League holders, Liverpool's disappointment at being beaten almost balanced by the sheer relief of not being beaten out of sight.
As well as shaking up a Liverpool team that have performed so poorly this season, the move was made with both eyes firmly fixed on Saturday's Anfield meeting with Premier League leaders Chelsea and the bigger picture of qualification through winning their last two group games against Ludogorets and Basel.
So what were the pros and cons of the Rodgers selection?
Plucky Liverpool?
First and foremost, lest anyone forgets, Liverpool lost. Liverpool lost the one Champions League fixture that would have been red-ringed on their supporters' calendar the instant the draw was made.
This was the occasion that could be used as the evidence that Liverpool were back in Europe's elite. Instead it was lost meekly, with a team that realistically never stood a chance of beating Real Madrid.
Liverpool barely mustered a shot on goal, while goalkeeper Simon Mignolet - heavily criticised this season - was magnificent, Gareth Bale hit the bar and Cristiano Ronaldo had a rare night when his magic touch deserted him.
Media playback is not supported on this device Rodgers 'not bothered' by critics
Real had 27 shots to Liverpool's four - nine on target to Liverpool's one.
It could have been much worse but this seemed to be the extent of Liverpool's ambition when the teams were picked: "We know we're going to lose but let's try not to get battered." Not something in keeping with the European status their fans hold so dear.
Those supporters sang and cheered their night away high in the Bernabeu and did not react like they had been short-changed at the end - but surely this was not what they wanted or expected when the draw was made?
Rodgers's team worked hard, were organised and fought in the face of Real's greater quality. They were, in a word that counts as an insult to a club of their stature, plucky.
Liverpool are not Ludogorets, doughty minnows hoping to avoid embarrassment - and yet there was an undoubted tinge of that in the Bernabeu. Is that the Liverpool way, especially in a competition they believe is their rightful home?
Fair selection?
Liverpool were so poor at Newcastle United, and indeed for much of this season, that Rodgers can rightly point to the fact that others in his squad deserved a chance.
Of those left out, who could go banging on his door demanding an explanation?
Certainly not Glen Johnson, who has been very ordinary again this season, and not Dejan Lovren, who has looked anything but a £20m central defender since his move from Southampton.
Philippe Coutinho has not impressed this season and tends to impress even less on his travels. Mario Balotelli? Well…
Jordan Henderson has not been at his best post-World Cup so, realistically, only Gerrard and Sterling might make their case from a position of strength.
For Gerrard, in particular, it will have been hard to sit this one out. When he retired as England captain, this was the sort of Champions League night he had in mind - but not as a spectator for most of it.
Take the positives
Kolo Toure and goalkeeper Simon Mignolet impressed against Real Madrid
Yes, this phrase was used many times in the aftermath and there are positives to take. As has been stated, Liverpool were not humiliated but this cannot be counted as some moral victory.
Goalkeeper Mignolet, a model of indecision for much of this season, was outstanding while Kolo Toure, a once top-class player who has been portrayed as something of a comedy figure in his time at Liverpool, was magnificent.
If Toure is retained against Chelsea on the basis of what he did in Madrid, none of his rivals for a place could whistle up a complaint.
What might have been
Real Madrid were actually a few notches down on the side that performed so imperiously in their 3-0 win at Anfield, Ronaldo was short of his best, the passing and touches were occasionally sloppy, perhaps almost lulled into complacency by Liverpool's team selection.
Liverpool's November fixtures 8 Nov: Chelsea, Premier League (h) 23 Nov: Crystal Palace, Premier League (a) 26 Nov: Ludogorets Razgrad, Champions League (a) 29 Nov: Stoke, Premier League (h)
What if Rodgers had been bolder and selected Gerrard and Sterling from the start? Perhaps the pace of Sterling might have worried Real, fed by the raking, accurate passes into the channels from his captain.
It is a long stretch but fortune does favour the brave. This looked for all the world like damage limitation by Liverpool. Was this a missed opportunity?
Stroke of genius or tactical blunder?
Final judgement must be reserved. If Liverpool beat Chelsea and qualify for the next stage of the Champions League by winning their final two games, this team selection will be viewed in a different light.
Rodgers, however, is smart enough to know that if Liverpool lose to Chelsea and, perhaps even more significantly, fail to reach the knockout phase, this will be a black mark on his record.
He has staked all his chips on Chelsea and those two Champions League games - and the stakes are at their highest.
Capture On! Play as a Pokémon Ranger and work to preserve nature and protect Pokémon!
In the Fiore Region there are those sworn to serve people, Pokémon, and nature--the Pokémon Rangers. In their frequently challenging line of work, the Rangers rely on their Capture Stylers--special devices that only they are allowed to use. Using their Catupture Stylers, the Rangers borrow the abilities of Pokémon to uphold Fiore's peace. But look out for the Go-Rock Squad--they want to use Pokémon for a more sinister purpose, and it's up to the Pokémon Rangers to help stop them. It's an adventure that gets you into the Pokémon action like never before!
This classic game is part of the Virtual Console service, which brings you great games created for consoles such as NES™, Super NES™ and Game Boy™ Advance. We hope you'll enjoy the new features (including off-TV play) that have been added to this title. See more Virtual Console games for Wii U.
Kasich at a town hall in Savage, Md., April 13, 2016. (Mark Wilson/Getty)
First, there was Jim Gilmore. Then, there was Ben Carson. Now, there's John Kasich. This Republican nomination cycle boasted a bumper crop of candidates with delusions of grandeur. Two of them, at least, had the sense to pack it in.
Not the governor of Ohio, who has already been mathematically eliminated from securing the Republican nomination outright. At present, John Kasich has won only one state (his home state) and four — count 'em: four — non–Buckeye State counties. He hasn't won a delegate since March 15. And one week after Ohio, he came in fourth in Arizona in a three-man race, losing by 23,000 votes to Marco Rubio, who by then had dropped out.
Advertisement
Advertisement
What's the opposite of momentum?
RELATED: Why Won't John Kasich Go Away?
With Republicans preparing for a string of states likely to prove friendly to Donald Trump — New York, Trump's home state, votes next Tuesday, followed a week later by the “Acela Corridor” (Rhode Island, Connecticut, Delaware, and Maryland) and Pennsylvania — this might seem like Kasich's time to shine. He's a moderate man for moderate states, right? Maybe not. A new PPP poll has Kasich up on Cruz in New York by just five percentage points (25 to 20), and a recent Fox News poll has Kasich leading Cruz by just two points — and both of them lapped by Trump.
One gets the impression that Kasich isn't even trying to win.
Meanwhile, one gets the impression that Kasich isn't even trying to win. The governor failed to file a full slate of delegates for the Maryland primary, meaning that even if Kasich wins the state, he won't be able to claim all of its delegates. At RedState, Moe Lane wrote in March: “There's no really good way to say this, so I'll just be blunt: Depending on where you live in Maryland, you will be provably throwing away your vote if you vote for John Kasich” (the emphasis is his).
Advertisement
And recall: This is the same candidate who didn't collect enough signatures to get on the ballot in Illinois or Pennsylvania. (The only reason his name appeared in Illinois is that no candidate challenged him; and in Pennsylvania, the Rubio camp dropped its challenge.)
Advertisement
#share#If Kasich's “strategy” is unclear, so is his ultimate aim. Maybe he thinks he can win at a contested convention, that 1,237 delegates come to their senses in Cleveland and spirit him to the nomination on the basis of his generally favorable polling against Hillary Clinton in hypothetical head-to-head matchups. The GOP nomination might be “a bizarre process,” as Kasich said on CNN earlier this week. But it's not that bizarre.
RELATED: #NeverKasich
Advertisement
Or maybe he thinks he can capture enough delegates to be the convention's kingmaker and perhaps wheedle his way onto the ticket. It's not impossible. It's also not likely.
Or maybe he just likes the attention of running a presidential campaign.
Whatever the case, enough — enough of Kasich's “Aww shucks, America!” schtick, enough of his “Fight the Darkness” Alzheimer's ads, enough of his using Jesus to defend his policies, as if the Good Lord personally endorsed him on Fox.
Advertisement
It's long past time for Kasich to go.
#related#Since it became clear that Donald Trump was going to Hulk-smash his way through the Republican field, this race has depended on a final showdown, a chance for someone to go mano a mano with him. Maybe, in that situation, forlorn Kasich and Carson and Rubio voters would flock to Trump, and he would punch through his ceiling. But maybe they wouldn't, and he would stay at 35 or 40 percent — and lose. For those interested in stopping Trump, rallying behind one capable candidate has long been the best option, and Ted Cruz has demonstrated the discipline and the organization to take on Trump nationwide.
But Kasich has made that impossible. Instead of allowing for voters and donors opposed to Trump to consolidate, he has chosen to dilute the effort by siphoning off votes and money and airtime, all in a deluded quest to convince people he's the “Prince of Light and Hope.”
Advertisement
Donald Trump may be a malevolent force. But this Ohio Don Quixote is not going to be the one to slay him. And the longer he stays in, the more damage he does to the one candidate who might.
Peter Quill may be back with the team, but things are anything but back to normal for the Guardians. Today, Marvel is pleased to present your first look at GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY #6 – the first chapter of “New Galactic Order”! Blockbuster creators Brian Michael Bendis and Valerio Schiti take you on the next chapter of this interstellar rollercoaster! Removed from power as the emperor of Spartax, can Peter Quill readjust to life among the stars? Which nefarious alien race will step up to fill the power vacuum left in his absence? More importantly – Peter Quill and Kitty Pryde come face-to-face for the first time in nearly eight months! Are the Guardians of the Galaxy big enough for two Star-Lords? Those answers and more this March as “New Galactic Order” kicks off in GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY #6!
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY #6
Written by BRIAN MICHAEL BENDIS
Art by VALERIO SCHITI
Cover by ART ADAMS
Variant Cover by JAMAL CAMPBELL (JAN160815)
Story Thus Far Variant by VALERIO SCHITI (JAN160816)
Classic Artist Variant by GREG HILDEBRANT (JAN160817)
Women of Power Variant by SIYA OUM (JAN160818)
FOC – 02/15/16, On-Sale – 03/09/16
Share. A sign of solidarity with their struggling company. A sign of solidarity with their struggling company.
Exit Theatre Mode
Ex-PlayStation chief and current CEO and President of Sony – Kaz Hirai – is preparing to take a 50 percent pay cut while declining his annual bonus, according to The Wall Street Journal. Other unnamed high-level Sony executives will follow suit in a sign of solidarity with their struggling company, which will post an annual loss for the fourth time in five years.
Such a move comes on the heels of bad financial news for the company. Less than two weeks ago, Sony revealed that it expected to post a $1.27 billion loss for the 2013 fiscal year. In February, it forecasted better numbers, predicting a $1.07 billion loss. Either way, such a loss is a far cry from the $489 million profit it expected to turn in 2013.
Exit Theatre Mode
Sony is taking a financial beating largely due to its PC business, which it intends to spin off and sell. According to WSJ, Sony is also struggling to gain a profitable foothold with other initiatives, including the niche 4K television market and the revival of its Walkman brand as a digital music player.
Sony's PlayStation brand is considered one of the company's primary focuses, and it's performing well: PlayStation 4 is the best-selling next-gen console. But WSJ notes that, even with PS4's historic sales and projections of selling 20 million PlayStation devices in the 2014 fiscal year, the PlayStation brand is trending behind where it was six years prior by 45 percent in terms of hardware units sold.
Hirai, who became CEO of Sony in 2012, was a major player in Sony's PlayStation business beginning in 1995. He became President of the PlayStation division in 2006 and the CEO of Sony's games and consumer electronic divisions in 2009. His pay cut strategy is similar to that of Nintendo boss Satoru Iwata, who also took a 50 percent pay cut, with Nintendo board members taking 20-30 percent pay cuts each.
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow him on Twitter.
Steve Smith captained the Australian team in three Tests against India last summer
Steve Smith will become Australia's Test captain after the Ashes following Michael Clarke's decision to retire at the end of the series.
Smith, 26, already leads the one-day side and will also captain the Twenty20 team in the absence of the injured Aaron Finch.
Fellow batsman David Warner, 28, has been named as Smith's vice-captain.
"At 26, Steve is a fine young man with extraordinary talent," said national selector Rod Marsh.
"He is highly regarded by the selectors and we congratulate him on being appointed to the role on an ongoing basis. He should be incredibly proud."
Clarke, 34, confirmed his decision to retire after his side surrendered the Ashes with a heavy defeat by England at Trent Bridge, which gave the hosts a 3-1 lead.
Michael Clarke as Australia Test captain Won Lost Drawn Batting average 23 16 7 52.41
Smith had already captained the side in three Tests against India last summer, when Clarke was recovering from hamstring surgery and back issues.
The New South Welshman has played in 32 Tests for his country, scoring 2,952 runs at an average of 54.66.
Media playback is not supported on this device Steve Smith the way forward for Australia - Jim Maxwell
"When Michael made his decision to retire last week it was a very straightforward decision for us to nominate Steve as his successor," added Marsh.
"He has big shoes to fill but everything about him suggests he is the right man for the job."
Warner has earned the vice-captain's role despite a history of disciplinary problems, and Marsh said of the opener: "David has matured and developed into an important senior figure in the Australian team. He has come a long way.
"We believe that he will respond well to the added responsibility of leadership."
Smith and Warner will lead Australia in the limited-overs matches that follow the final Ashes Test at the Oval, which starts on 20 August.
Today, Mozilla announced its first public preview of its Firefox browser for Apple's iOS. So far, the browser is only available for mobile users in New Zealand.
Though Mozilla had previously rejected the idea of building a browser for Apple's mobile operating system, iPhones are so popular that Mozilla was forced to reconsider. In May this year, the company conducted a limited beta test of Firefox for iOS.
According to the company's blog post, the goal of its limited preview is to collect user feedback. Specifically, Mozilla wants users to test three features: Firefox accounts, search, and Visual Tabs. Firefox accounts let you access your Firefox history, passwords and tabs on iOS devices; search gives you a choice of search providers. Visual Tabs let you view thumbnails of all your tabs, making it easier to keep track of what you have open.
The company says it hopes to roll out Firefox for iOS to the rest of the world later this year. You can sign up here to be notified when it is available in your country.
It makes me crazy to see the latest news about a Federal Court striking down the tax credits (subsidies) offered on the Federal Affordable Care Act health exchanges because I know the media commentators will go crazy analyzing the politics of it all. The Republicans are celebrating; the Democrats are scrambling. And the people who hate the ACA/Obamacare as well as those who are pushing to achieve a longer term solution through single-payer reform will claim victory. The camp that will once again be completely ignored in this whirl of political analyzing will be the patients and the caregivers whose lives and security are threatened once again.
We won't hear the patient and caregiver stories unless and until some of the politicians decide it would benefit them to prop us up in front of a camera in support of their particular position on health reform. While there are some very limited efforts going on to record stories, it has been since before the ACA/Obamacare was passed since anyone really cared to hear what happens to average people about their struggles with the profit-driven, dysfunctional US health system. No, Michael Moore will not be making another updated version of SiCKO and gathering stories for it as some have suggested to me -- the original version still holds up well, sadly.
In the current matter, it will be months before people really know if the tax credits/subsidies they thought they would have to help pay insurance premiums will stay in place or go away. The hardships are not tough to imagine. And thinking that my fellow Americans in another state may suffer more than I because of some decision their elected officials made about creating a state exchange is troubling, to say the least. The consequences in terms of the overall viability of the ACA/Obamacare are also probably predictable, though a bit less so. Politicians will argue this well into the next Presidential election season. Those who thought health care would be a back burner issue should now know without doubt that health care will stay front and center.
What I know for certain is that so long as the US health care system is based on trying to keep the market-based model for profiting off suffering and illness, we will continue to have these push-me, pull-me changes in how much it costs to get and keep health coverage, who is eligible for coverage, and who benefits politically or economically from the current whim of the courts, Congress, the President, media ratings or readership, religious beliefs claim by corporate persons, and many other changeable forces. That's no way to handle the health and well-being of our society and communities.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The forces needed to move this country away from this horrible system of changing fortunes and misfortunes in health policy will have to be those of us who can best speak to the real consequences of this continual uncertainty. And unless we have joined forces with one another to gather our stories in the post ACA/Obamacare period, we won't be able to demand the kind of stability an improved and expanded Medicare for all for life system would bring to us all. If only a few highly educated, predominantly white, socially and economically well-positioned, largely middle-aged and older, self-elevated spokespersons for health policy change continue to speak for us and about us but largely without us, the movement to achieve transformational change in the health system will not be able to overthrow the powerful, wealthy forces we all know are against putting people before profits.
What I really first thought when I saw the latest hit to people who need and want those tax credits/subsidies was too colorful to write here, but it wasn't because I would lose anything as a result. I was so angry that more months and years of political manipulation would damage so many people when the solution that could heal us is so readily available and has been for almost half a century now. Medicare turns 49 on July 30th. We would do well to celebrate the program's successes, acknowledge improvements we need to make, and share with our neighbors and friends how badly this nation needs to extend Medicare to all for life.
We cannot end our uncertainty about when or how we might get hurt or become sick enough to need care, but we surely can stop this terrible political dance that surrounds whether or not we are able to seek care when those times come. And part of ramping up our pressure to make that change happen is telling the stories -- true and loud and over and above the pundits on all sides. Watch for more news here about sharing your health care realities. Every person in every state needs to be covered by improved, expanded Medicare for all for life.
Fede Alvarez, director of the forthcoming Evil Dead remake, says his cut of the film landed an NC-17 rating from the MPAA. What's the plan now? He explains to a Twitter follower. Check out his response inside.
“Was proud of scoring a NC17 when submitted! But we had to cut stuff out to get an R and get the film into theaters,” he told fans via his Twitter account. Of course, he had to make cuts to get an “R.” That's inevitable. Evil Dead is, after all, a studio picture.
Naturally, expect news items later in the year about a “unrated director's cut” that will ultimately land on DVD and Blu-ray.
For all things Evil Dead – follow this link !
Stay up to date with the latest horror news by “liking” Shock Till You Drop's Facebook page and following us on Twitter!
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the country's central bank, has spoken about its ongoing cryptocurrency research, hinting at its role in a future digital alternative to the rupee.
With the Indian government currently trying to move toward a fully digital economy, it has initiated the flagship Digital India initiative and research programs to drive that process forward.
As reported by CoinDesk, a paper from the RBI's research institute, published in January, argued that blockchain tech could provide the necessary basis for the digitization of the rupee.
Now, according to the The Economic Times, RBI executive director Sudarshan Sen has indicated that this work is still in progress, saying at an Indian fintech conference today:
“Right now, we have a group of people who are looking at fiat cryptocurrencies. Something that is an alternative to the Indian rupee, so to speak. We are looking at that closely.”
However, the bank is less keen on non-central bank cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, with Sen stating that the RBI is “not comfortable” with such “private” cryptocurrencies.
The RBI has previously issued investor warnings on the risks of cryptocurrencies, and its deputy governor claimed their potential is “being overstated” in a March speech.
Reserve Bank of India image via Shutterstock
Fans of director John Carpenter 's horror movie The Thing are in for a treat - plans are afoot for a prequel. Studio bosses at Universal have revealed they are working on a new movie with screenwriter Ronald D. Moore , the man behind the relaunch of sci-fi series Battlestar Galactica , to explain how the shape-shifting alien came to be discovered.The project will be helmed by filmmaker Matthijs Van Heijningen , according to Variety.
IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy.
Starhawk is one of the most respected voices in modern Goddess religion and earth-based spirituality. She is the author or coauthor of twelve books, including the classics The Spiral Dance and The Fifth Sacred Thing. Her latest is The Empowerment Manual: A Guide for Collaborative Groups, forthcoming in November 2011.
Her web site is http://starhawk.org, her blog "Dirt Worship is at http://starhawksblog.org, and her Facebook page is http://facebook.com/pages/Starhawk/165408987031?v=wall.
She is a cofounder of Reclaiming, an influential branch of modern Pagan religion http://reclaiming.org.
Starhawk is a veteran of progressive movements, and deeply committed to bringing the techniques and creative power of spirituality to political activism. She travels internationally teaching magic, the tools of ritual, and the skills of activism. She directs and teaches Earth Activist Trainings, http://earthactivisttraining.org, which combine a permaculture design certificate course with a grounding in spirit and a focus on organizing and activism.
These are some of the good guys in the vape game. They are active in advocacy, yay!
Their flavors are well-crafted, and they don't slather on tons of sweetener into their mixes.
They included some nice goodies into my order (rubber grippy strips for atomizer disassembly), and also included a 12 ml sample bottle, fo' free. They put up weekly sales for a few specific flavors on their facebook page. So check them out on social media before you buy.
I've only tried a few of their flavors (Apricot Custard & Very Vanilla Custard), but both were very nice. Shipping was prompt.
Will definitely shop here again.
Leaving my review for "Very Vanilla Custard" here, since there's no entry for it yet. (Moderators, please move this portion if the flavor page gets created or if this is inappropriate, thanks!)
I let my bottle steep for 6 months before trying it.
The beginning of the inhale is rather bland, tasting like a generic slightly smoky vapor. As the heat rises, the custard flavor definitely kicks in, and it becomes rather intense. I'm getting a lot of custard note, and it tastes almost caramelized or smoky/acrid at the end of the inhale, sort of how the sugar on a creme brulee is a bit bitter/smoky. Some vanilla is present during the inhale, but pretty light in the mix. This portion of the vape reminds me a lot of having a cigarette after a meal where it sort of 'sears in' your tastebuds.
The exhalation is smooth aftertaste of custard note with that nice vanilla becoming more prominent, and there's also some slight creaminess that comes into play. The vanilla flavor is definitely more present in the exhalation, and I think that's what makes it so smooth.
The custard that's present throughout this vape is not eggy or oily -- it's somewhat dry tasting, slightly acrid, but in a pleasant way.
I don't get much mouthfeel or creamy texture with this liquid, and what's there only shows up at the exhalation, which is a shame. If it were a bit more rich/creamy, this would be a perfect 5 & definite ADV for me.
All in all, this is miles better than most commercial custards. It's not eggy, or oily, or laden with that fake vanilla taste that many VC's tend to use. They didn't dump in gobs of sweetener & call it a day. It's got a lot of nuance and subtlety to it. I can tell they spent a lot of time developing and balancing this flavor. I respect that a lot, even if it's not totally my jam.
I mostly vape at mid-wattage. I turned up the heat/air somewhat on my RTA and the flavoring definitely got more intense, and the character of the vape changed substantially. (Still not creamy enough for me, though.) So be sure to experiment with this liquid and see how you like it.
I'm going to try this out in some more devices, especially ones where I can crank up the heat a little bit more. While this isn't the perfect liquid for me, I can say that it's very cohesive and nothing feels weird or out of place. They did a really good job with it.
I will definitely finish the bottle, and would even probably re-order this one, just on account of all of the interplay between the flavors.
Equipment used: HotCig Centaur RTA, using stock coil (Ni80 26x3/38 fused clapton, 3.0 mm ID, 5 wraps) 0.19 ohm, 42-55 watts.
Gov. Jerry Brown (Courtesy of State of California)
California Gov. to Vatican: ‘Brainwashing' Needed to Tackle Climate Change
California Gov. Jerry Brown—a one-time Jesuit seminarian from a one-party state—said the dangers posed by climate change required a radical “transformation” in the world's response.
“At the highest circles, people still don't get it,” said Brown, during his 40-minute speech at a climate change conference organized by the Pontifical Academy for Sciences.
“It's not just a light rinse” that is needed, he added. “We need a total, I might say ‘brainwashing.'”
Brown raised the idea of “brainwashing” during a speech that also recalled the ascetic formation he experienced as a Jesuit seminarian. He suggested that a similarly demanding regime was needed today to root out the greed and consumerism that have helped drive climate change.
“The problem … is us. It's our whole way of life. ... It's the greed. It's the indulgence. It's the pattern. And it's the inertia,” said Brown, according to the Sacramento Bee's news report on the Vatican conference. It was one of several stops for Brown, who has challenged President Trump's response to climate change issues.
Pope Francis, in his encyclical on the environment, Laudato Si, also called for Church leaders and the faithful to take action on climate change. The pontiff has grounded his message in an explicitly Christian vision of life that affirms the dignity and the sanctity of human life, the needs of the poor, and the gift of creation.
Francis made clear that “a sense of deep communion with the rest of nature cannot be real if our hearts lack tenderness, compassion and concern for our fellow human beings.”
It is “clearly inconsistent” to combat the trafficking of endangered species while remaining indifferent toward the trafficking of persons, to the poor and to the decision of many “to destroy another human being deemed unwanted,” the Pope stated.
Back in California, Brown has embraced a vision of social transformation that contradicts Pope Francis' teaching. As governor, he has signed legislation that legalized physician-assisted suicide, expanded access to abortion and targeted crisis pregnancy centers.
And while Francis has attacked Western elites for promoting radical gender theories in the developing world, Brown recently signed legislation that added a third gender marker on state birth certificates and drivers' licenses for residents who don't identify as male or female.
During his address at the Vatican conference, Brown sought to clothe his agenda on the environment in the language of faith.
“The power here is prophecy,” said the California governor. “The power here is faith, and that's what this organization is supposed to be about. So, let's be about it and combine with the technical and the scientific and the political.”
The governor acknowledged that global transformation would not be easy to achieve, and he reflected on his own failure to adopt the disciplinary practices of his Jesuit seminary.
“I can tell I did not achieve perfection. I was not transformed. In fact some of my bad habits, which I will not reveal, are the same as they were … when I came into Jesuit seminary when Pius XII was pope.”
True enough: Brown has not achieved perfection. And perhaps this failure has led him to dismiss the value of his traditional Jesuit formation. And maybe he no longer believes in the power of the Holy Spirit to effect personal change— and by extension—social transformation.
That is surely one way to interpret the governor's casual reference to the need for “brainwashing.” It is also possible that Brown is simply exasperated with climate change skeptics who continue to question whether mandated changes in human behavior will forestall climate change.
Whatever the provocation, Brown's brainwashing proposal should raise eyebrows.
The EU has more to lose from Brexit than the UK, the Governor of the Bank of England has said as he admitted that Britain's economy will defy his own gloomy forecasts and grow at a faster rate than expected.
Mark Carney conceded that Brexit is no longer the biggest domestic risk to Britain's economy after issuing a series of dire warnings about the consequences of a leave vote in the run up to the EU referendum.
The Bank of England is now “very likely” to improve its economic forecast next month, Mr Carney said as he said he was “surprised” that the economic slowdown that he forecast has not materialised.
He said: "In the run up to the referendum we felt that it was the largest risk [to the economy]. There were a series of things that could have happened that would have had financial stability consequences. Of course having got through the night the day after the scale of the immediate risks around Brexit have gone down."
Colin Kaepernick is sitting alone, without even the company or support of the woman who gave birth to him.
Heidi Russo, the birth mother of the 49ers quarterback who has been refusing to stand for the national anthem, told Kaepernick — publicly, on Twitter — he is bringing shame to the family and the country.
Russo, who gave birth at 19 and, destitute at the time, placed him up for adoption, was loud in her disapproval, telling Kaepernick — whose biological father is black — there are better ways to protest what he identifies as oppression of black people and minorities in the United States.
As the Twitter vitriol built, many took shots at Russo for giving up her son, then scolding him from afar. She got a taste of the polarity of Kaepernick's position and switched to the defensive, alluding to those who “sit on social media in their glass houses throwing stones.” The irony of using social media to criticize her son, then complaining about those who criticize on social media appeared to be lost on her.
Kaepernick has not responded to Russo on Twitter. His social media have gone silent since last weekend, when the world learned of his silent protest.
The specifics on the relationship between Kaepernick and his birth mother are unclear. For years, he said he had no interest in meeting her, even as she reached out repeatedly.
In 2013, ESPN chronicled Russo's search for a reunion with the son who turned into a multimillionaire NFL quarterback. Kaepernick was adopted by a Wisconsin couple with two kids.
Asked by ESPN whether he was curious about meeting his birth parents, he said no.
“It's not really a respect thing,” Kaepernick said at the time. “It's just — [my adopted family is] my family. That's it.”
Some football fans were so outraged by Kaepernick that they burned his jersey:
A hallmark of the still young tenure of MLB commissioner Rob Manfred has been his emphasis on whittling down game times and improving pace of play. On that front, it would seem that Manfred isn't done pressing for change:
Commissioner Rob Manfred would like to see a pitching clock implemented in majors just as they have in minors — Bob Nightengale (@BNightengale) August 18, 2016
As noted above, such a device is already in use at the minor-league level and has been since the start of the 2015 season, which followed a trial run in the Arizona Fall League. Here's a look at the AFL clock ...
USATSI
Said pitch clock allows a maximum of 20 seconds between pitches. For context, the average major-league pitcher in 2016 has averaged 22.6 seconds between pitches.
Without question, pitch clocks at the major-league level is a matter for the Collective Bargaining Agreement, which governs the labor relationship between players and owners and is up for renewal following the 2016 season. Players may not like the idea of the pitch clock, especially since pitch clocks at the minor-league level in essence "train" incoming ballplayers to conform to that time limit. Of course, everything's a negotiation, and if Manfred and owners see this is as something worth prioritizing, then they'll bargain for it.
The key, though, will be to make pitch clocks, should they come to pass at the highest level, as seamless as possible and prevent them from upsetting the build-up between pitches, which, to hear a lot of fans tell it, is part of the game's charm.
By John Spritzler
Turn the World Upside Down
Palestinians carried a symbolic key during a “nakba,'' or catastrophe, rally yesterday in Gaza City. (Mohammed Salem/ Reuters)
AP reporter Rizek Abdel Jawad broke a taboo by providing truthful background in his report today on Palestinians in Gaza marching to commemorate the Nakba, which mean "catastrophe" in Arabic and refers to the Zionist removal of Palestinians from what is now Israel in 1948. Jawad may have sacrificed his career by letting the cat out of the bag: he broke an American mass media taboo by explaining why the very existence of Israel as a Jewish state is a catastrophe for Palestinians. This is what he wrote in an article titled Palestinians recall '48 displacement:
"The plight of the refugees--who fled or were driven from their homes during the 1948 Israeli-Arab war--is one of the most emotionally charged issues for Palestinians and Israel to resolve...Some 4.7 million Palestinian refugees and their descendants are scattered across the West Bank, Gaza, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria, according to UN figures. About one-third still live in UN-supported refugee camps... "Palestinian negotiators have demanded at least partial repatriation. Israel has refused, saying an influx of refugees would dilute Israel's Jewish majority and threaten the existence of the state."
The Boston Globe ran this report below the fold on page A17, where relatively few people will read it. Nonetheless, it may be the first time that a Globe article informed its readers about what "Israel's right to exist" really means. Because Israel officially defines itself as a Jewish state, a state of "The Jewish People" and not a state of all its citizens, a state that, in order to be a "Jewish state," must use ethnic cleansing (i.e. removal) of non-Jewish Palestinians to ensure that Jews are at least 80% of the population allowed to live inside it, a state that considers non-Jewish citizens to be a "dilution" of its very essence, because of this the phrase "Israel's right to exist" really means the right of Zionists to enforce the ethnic cleansing of non-Jews from their homes and villages by refusing to allow them to return. For perhaps the first time a Globe reader who puts two and two together could figure out that denying Israel's right to exist (as Albert Einstein did) is not anti-Semitism but rather is what decent people who oppose ethnic cleansing must do.
I doubt we will see this cat being let out of the bag too often in the future. The Globe and the rest of America's mass media don't want the American public to understand why Palestinians are so angry at the Israeli government; they want us to think it is just that Arabs and Muslims are and always have been anti-Semitic. They don't want us to know that before the Zionist project to make most of Palestine an exclusively Jewish state Arab Muslims and Jews got along fine in Palestine.
America's wealthy ruling elite want us to believe the lie that Arabs and Muslims are hate-driven anti-Semitic fanatics who "hate Israeli and American freedom." Why? Because that lie is how our rulers get us to obey them.
"Do what we order you to do," our leaders say, "because we are protecting you from terrorists."
"Send your sons and daughters to fight and die in wars to overthrow foreign governments and install regimes we like because this is necessary to defeat the terrorists," they say. "Give up your jobs and pensions and affordable health care," they say, "and give up teachers for your children and public services like libraries and a social safety net so that we can transfer trillions of dollars to the bankers, because this is required to make America strong so we and our great ally--Israel--can win the war on terror."
America's ruling plutocracy needs a boogie man to control us, and with the Communist boogieman now vanished "anti-Semitic" Palestinians and their Arab/Muslim sympathizers must fill the bill. Do not, therefore, be surprised if honest reports like the career-ending one from Rizek Abdel Jawad remain scarce as hens' teeth.
Turn the World Upside Down
Métis decision ‘very, very exciting news' Last week's Supreme Court of Canada decision upholding aboriginal rights for non-status Indians and Métis will have a major impact in the Yukon. By Chuck Tobin on April 20, 2016
Last week's Supreme Court of Canada decision upholding aboriginal rights for non-status Indians and Métis will have a major impact in the Yukon.
So say a couple of Yukoners intimate with the issue.
Bill Webber was the former president of the Yukon Association of Non-Status Indians through the late 1970s, and has remained abreast with the issues facing non-status Indians.
Rick Christianson is the current president of the Métis Nation of the Yukon.
Both believe the decision is not only a win for non-status Indians and Métis, but believe the impact here will be profound.
Nobody's going to see anything overnight, but things will change, they agree.
“We have to sit down as an executive to see where we can go from here,” Christianson said in interview this week of the way forward for the Métis Nation.
“It is certainly exciting news, but it is not something here in the Yukon we can just take off with.”
Webber said the decision will affect Yukon First Nations across the board: the three without land claim and self-government agreements and the 11 First Nations that have final agreements.
“It will be interesting to see how this unfolds,” Webber said in a separate interview. “I think it will take a number of years before it flushes out.”
Webber pointed out, for instance, that annual financial transfer payments to the 11 self-governing First Nations is based on the number of status Indians belonging to the First Nation.
Funding formulas will have to change as a result of the decision, he said.
The Supreme Court of Canada ruled last week that non-status Indians and Métis have aboriginal rights under the Constitution of Canada in same way as status Indians have rights under the Constitution.
Ottawa and the provinces have “alternately” denied responsibility for looking after the interests of non-status and Métis, the high court points out.
“This results in these indigenous communities being in a jurisdictional wasteland with significant and obvious disadvantaging consequences,” reads the decision.
The Supreme Court points out over the years, decades and centuries, even Ottawa would embrace Métis and non-status Indians as their own when it was convenient: such as to ensure settlement with aboriginal groups as the federal government pushed forward in the 1800s with its dream of building a trans-Canada railway.
The case on aboriginal rights for non-status and Métis was brought forward by a handful of individuals and the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples, which was formed in 1971 to advocate for non-status Indians and Métis.
Webber said the non-status and Métis can now pursue rights that flow from the Constitution as a result of last Thursday's decision.
“They'll be able to negotiate with the government for programming and services, and who knows what else?” he said. “They are going to be treated by law as status Indians.”
Webber said the door is open now for non-status and Métis to look at resource revenue-sharing and the like.
There's no question the decision will impact on negotiations for the financial transfer arrangements with the 11 self-governing First Nations, he said.
“I have heard there are a few chiefs talking about it already.”
Christianson said the 2006 census showed that 800 Yukoners identified as Métis, though that doesn't mean they'll all have the required documentation to proof their heritage.
But he suspects the decision will prompt some to begin pursuing the proof they'll need.
He said there are just under 200 active members of the Métis Nation of the Yukon.
The decision paves the way to discuss issues like support for educational pursuits, hunting rights and things like not having to pay for hunting licences, rights that are now afforded status Indians, he said.
“Things will take time, and we'll just have to see where this goes,” Christianson said. “But this is very, very exciting news.”
See related story and letter.
He wants to believe.
Photo by Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Inside the Beltway, the return of John Podesta to the White House is being seen as a smart pivot—a “reshuffle” that adds intellectual heft but doesn't demote any of the players who've taken a beating recently. Podesta, who was Bill Clinton's chief of staff during impeachment, has spent most of the Bush and Obama years in the world of think tanks. He led the Center for American Progress in its early years; he was launching a micro-tank that was going to work exclusively on issues of economic equality. And now he's back in the war room.
Left unmentioned, for some reason, is an important factor that might have moved Podesta. Ever since he left the White House, he's wanted public disclosure of what we know about alien life. His boldest public statement about this occured before he joined CAP, at the National Press Club in 2002.
Since then, Podesta has written the foreword for at least one book about UFOs, pronouncing himself a “curious skeptic” of the official story. Think about it: If you learned things when you worked at the White House, wanted to reveal these things, and you unexpectedly got a chance to return to power, you'd have to take it.
Update, 3 p.m.: Podesta's response:
Donald Trump's flailing campaign has prompted Democrats to launch a new, broad effort to offer Hillary Clinton as a safe harbor for Republicans who find they can no longer stomach the GOP presidential nominee.
Clinton's campaign is quietly broadening its outreach to potential Republican converts, including donors, elected officials, and business and foreign policy leaders. The message is simple: Even if you have never before considered voting for a Democrat, and even if you don't like Clinton, choosing her this year is a moral and patriotic imperative.
“Duty, honor, country,” is how one person familiar with recent campaign outreach put it.
The recruitment is a continuation of the campaign's efforts to sway influential Republicans and independents, which began in earnest as Trump appeared likely to secure the GOP nomination during the spring.
It escalated during and after the Republican convention, which drew fewer senior elected Republicans than usual and included scenes of discord. Trump himself helped the Clinton cause most with remarks on the economy and foreign policy during and after the Democratic convention, Clinton aides said. Chief among those was a public feud with the family of a Muslim soldier, Humayun Khan, who died in battle in Iraq.
The Washington Post's Philip Rucker explains how unusual it is that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is withholding his endorsements of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in their primary races. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
This week, his refusal to endorse House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin or Sen. John McCain of Arizona during their primaries this month has further alienated mainstream conservatives and Republican establishment figures.
The Clinton campaign would not discuss the recruitment effort in detail, including specific additional targets among Republican elected officials or other leaders. But according to several Democrats with knowledge of the effort, it includes personal appeals to target luminaries by senior Democrats including John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman. The campaign is also tracking Republicans who have spoken out against Trump in public even if they have stopped short of endorsing Clinton.
The idea is to make Republican voters more comfortable supporting Clinton by showing them examples of leaders in many realms who have chosen to disavow Trump as a matter of principle. The effort combines Clinton campaign staff and resources with outside go-betweens, Clinton officials said.
“When you look at what went on at the Republican convention, and then in contrast the Democratic convention, for a lot of Republicans this was their moment to take that close look at the two candidates,” Clinton chief strategist and pollster Joel Benenson said.
“A lot of people are waking up and saying: ‘What am I doing here? Let's see what I hear on the other side.' They have to look for a place to land that's in the best interest of the country.”
Benenson noted that Republicans themselves have begun an “organic” effort to encourage one another to reject Trump.
Several Republicans were among a group of former cabinet officers, senior officials and career military officers who denounced Trump on Thursday, calling his recent remarks on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Russia “disgraceful.”
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton toured a facility in Denver on Aug. 3 where ties and other clothing is manufactured. She criticized Republican nominee Donald Trump for manufacturing many of his branded products overseas. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
The open letter takes issue with Trump statements that appear to question the alliance, encourage Russia to hack and release Clinton's deleted State Department emails, and seem to recognize Russia's annexation of Crimea, which the United States considers illegitimate. The letter does not endorse Clinton, although several of the individual signers have done so separately.
“There are people, Republicans, saying it's time to put country before party. That's not a thing any Democrat can say to a Republican. That's something only a Republican can say to a Republican,” Benenson said in an interview.
The Clinton campaign invited several Republicans to make that argument at the Democratic convention last week, including Douglas G. Elmets, a White House spokesman under former president Ronald Reagan.
“Trump appeals to our basest instincts, our worst selves,” said Elmets, who has taken it upon himself to write op-eds, appear on television and speak out in other ways to encourage other Republicans to support Clinton.
Elmets said he was asked to speak at the convention by a friend active in Democratic politics in California who acted as a go-between with convention organizers.
“At the end of the day, I can see the fish rotting at the head,” said Elmets, referring to Trump's effect on the Republican Party.
Since the close of the convention, Clinton secured the public endorsement of entrepreneur, sports team owner and reality TV personality Mark Cuban, who had earlier indicated that he might vote for Trump. She was also endorsed by Hewlett-Packard executive and Republican fundraiser Meg Whitman. More are in the works, including Republicans who have held senior foreign policy roles in the executive branch and Congress, Democrats familiar with the effort said.
In addition, retiring Rep. Richard Hanna of New York became the first sitting Republican member of Congress to endorse Clinton this week. Senior campaign aides to former Florida governor Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, two former GOP candidates, also said they are backing Clinton.
It remains unclear whether trotting out Republican endorsers will translate to significantly more Republican support at the polls.
In the battleground state of North Carolina, Clinton is likely to have a tough time courting Republicans, but “it's probably worth the effort,” said Carter Wrenn, a longtime GOP strategist. Wrenn estimated about 20 percent of Republicans there “don't like Hillary at all, but they don't care for Trump either.”
“The question is whether they pass on the presidential race entirely,” Wrenn said. “I don't think Hillary is going to get many Republican votes, and I think she knows that.” But just neutralizing those voters, he said, could be helpful in a race that is most likely to be decided by which candidate can better mobilize independents.
Campaign officials and close Clinton allies cautioned that the Republican outreach is not a foundation for her election strategy, which focuses chiefly on women, Hispanics and younger voters, and holding onto the battleground states President Obama won in 2012.
“We're not going to forget where we came from, but we know there is a window to reach beyond our traditional supporters, and we're going to try very hard to reach these folks,” a Clinton aide said.
It is also worth noting that even as Democrats court Republicans, the candidate is pressing ahead on the campaign trail with a jobs-and-economy message that keeps her out of the way of the damaging news coverage Trump has brought upon himself.
And they say they are not taking victory for granted even as they seize on this new opportunity. Clinton strategists do not expect that the double-digit lead she has opened in some battleground state polls this week will last.
Bill and Hillary Clinton were described as “circumspect” and “not giddy” by a person who spoke to them recently.
“Everyone just assumes this is a slog,” that person said.
But the campaign and its outside allies are feeling more confident with roughly three months to go before the election.
The pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA did not renew its ads in Colorado and Virginia. Spokesman Justin Barasky said the PAC plans to return to the airwaves in both battleground states at the end of the month, but the lapse is a sign that both the campaign and PAC view the two states as safer than before.
On Thursday, Clinton visited an energy company founded by a prominent local Republican in Nevada. Clinton used the stop at Mojave Electric to highlight a piece of her jobs plan that would reward businesses such as owner Dennis Nelson's with a $1,500 tax credit for each apprentice they hire.
Earlier this week, she toured a small necktie manufacturer in Colorado to tout American manufacturing and zing Trump for making his Trump-branded ties overseas.
But Trump's tough week has been met by relative silence on the Clinton trail. The principle is to let Trump dominate the news cycle, while Clinton garners local headlines on her jobs plan.
After the Denver stop on Wednesday, for example, the Denver Post's three-column, front-page headline read, “Clinton pledges millions of jobs.”
“Whenever any political candidate is doing damage to themselves every day, the wisest course of action is — within reasonable limits — to stay out of the news and allow the other candidate to continue to do damage,” said Jerry Crawford, a longtime Clinton ally.
After appearing with Clinton at a rally in Las Vegas, Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) warned Democrats not to be overconfident. But, citing recent polling, he said Clinton's electoral map has the potential to extend to deeply red states.
Reid said Georgia, Arizona and Utah are three states where Clinton could potentially do well in the race against Trump.
“I hope the map is expanded,” Reid told reporters. “It would be good for the country.”
According to a person close to a pro-Clinton super PAC, the outlook for the fall has not changed significantly since the conventions, and they expect Clinton's bump in the polls and Trump's rough patch to both level off.
Her allies view the task of electing a Democrat to three consecutive presidential terms as monumental, making a landslide election rare in recent history and unlikely for Clinton — even against Trump. It is particularly difficult, they say, given that more than half of Americans have said in recent polling that the country is on the wrong track.
“We are sailing into spectacular headwinds,” the person said.
abby.phillip@washpost.com
john.wagner@washpost.com
The 67, who played predominantly from 1967-present, were introduced during the event at the Microsoft Theatre.
LOS ANGELES -- The 67 remaining members of the 100 Greatest NHL Players were unveiled Friday night at NHL100 presented by GEICO.
The first 33 members, who played predominantly during the NHL's first half century, from 1917-1966, were named on Jan. 1 at the Centennial Classic in Toronto.
Here are the 100 Greatest NHL Players:
Sid Abel
Centered Gordie Howe, Ted Lindsay on famed 'Production Line'
Syl Apps
Legendary Maple Leafs center idolized for character, athleticism
Andy Bathgate
Tough, clean player was matinee idol for Rangers in the 1950s, '60s
Jean Beliveau
One of game's greatest ambassadors won Stanley Cup 17 times as player, executive with Canadiens
Max Bentley
Electric performer won back-to-back scoring titles for Black Hawks, Stanley Cup three times with Maple Leafs
Toe Blake
Left wing on Canadiens' famed 'Punch Line' was embodiment of 'old-time hockey'
Mike Bossy
Prolific scorer for Islanders dynasty, only man with nine straight 50-goal seasons
Ray Bourque
Hall of Fame defenseman won Norris Trophy five times with Bruins, Stanley Cup with Avalanche in 2001
Johnny Bower
Playing into his 40s, goalie won four Stanley Cup championships with Maple Leafs
Turk Broda
Goalie thrived in playoffs, led Maple Leafs to five Stanley Cup titles, including three in row
Martin Brodeur
All-time leader in wins, saves, shutouts, games played led Devils to Stanley Cup three times
Johnny Bucyk
Led Big Bad Bruins to two Stanley Cup championships; played 21 seasons in Boston
Pavel Bure
'Russian Rocket' led Canucks to Stanley Cup Final, won back-to-back goal-scoring titles with Panthers
Chris Chelios
Played most games among League defensemen, won two Stanley Cup titles with Red Wings, one with Canadiens
King Clancy
Was highest-scoring defenseman in NHL history when he retired in 1936
Bobby Clarke
Talented, feisty center with incredible work ethic was face of Flyers championship teams
Paul Coffey
Set single-season NHL record for goals by defenseman, helped Oilers to first three Stanley Cup titles
Charlie Conacher
Nicknamed 'The Big Bomber' for powerful shot, was second captain of Maple Leafs
Yvan Cournoyer
'Roadrunner' used blazing speed to help Canadiens win 10 Stanley Cup titles
Sidney Crosby
'Sid the Kid' has won Stanley Cup twice with Penguins, two Olympic gold medals, World Cup with Canada
Pavel Datsyuk
Two-way player with highlight-reel moves won Stanley Cup twice, Selke Trophy three times with Red Wings
Alex Delvecchio
Captained Red Wings for 12 seasons, centered two versions of 'Production Line' with Gordie Howe
Marcel Dionne
Undersized 'offensive genius' fifth-leading goal-scorer in League history
Ken Dryden
Canadiens goalie won Stanley Cup six times, Vezina Trophy five times, captured Conn Smythe Trophy year before being named top rookie
Bill Durnan
Canadiens goalie began career at age 27, won Vezina Trophy six times in seven seasons
Phil Esposito
Premier goal-scorer in early '70s helped Bruins win Stanley Cup twice
Tony Esposito
Three-time Vezina Trophy winner holds Blackhawks records for shutouts, victories
Sergei Fedorov
Two-way forward won three Stanley Cup titles with Red Wings, leads all Russians in assists, points
Peter Forsberg
Skilled, physical center was two-time Stanley Cup winner with Avalanche
Ron Francis
'Captain Class' won Stanley Cup twice with Pittsburgh, has second-most assists in League history
Grant Fuhr
Goalie helped Oilers win five Stanley Cup championships, was first black player inducted into Hockey Hall of Fame
Bob Gainey
Defensive forward big part of Canadiens dynasty in late 1970s, only man to win Selke Trophy four times
Mike Gartner
Dazzling shooter, blazing skater had 17 30-goal seasons
Bernie Geoffrion
Legendary forward popularized slap shot, won Stanley Cup six times with Canadiens
Wayne Gretzky
'The Great One' all-time leader in goals, assists, points, holds 61 League records, won four Stanley Cup titles with Oilers
Glenn Hall
Goalie helped Chicago end Stanley Cup drought in 1961, had NHL-record streak of 502 straight starts
Doug Harvey
Six-time Stanley Cup champion keyed Canadiens' unstoppable power play
Dominik Hasek
'The Dominator' won Vezina Trophy six times, only goalie to capture Hart Trophy twice
Tim Horton
Anchored Maple Leafs defense, was 'strongest player in hockey'
Gordie Howe
Mr. Hockey dominated foes on ice, inspired fans off it during historic five-decade career
Bobby Hull
Blessed with blistering slap shot, won Stanley Cup, three Art Ross trophies with Black Hawks
Brett Hull
Fourth-leading goal scorer in League history won Stanley Cup title with Stars, Red Wings
Jaromir Jagr
Workhorse wing won two Stanley Cup titles in Pittsburgh, second on NHL points list
Patrick Kane
Prolific scorer won Stanley Cup three times with Blackhawks, was first United States-born player to win Art Ross Trophy
Duncan Keith
Workhorse defenseman has won Stanley Cup three times, Norris Trophy twice, Conn Smythe Trophy with Blackhawks
Red Kelly
Won Stanley Cup eight times, four as defenseman with Red Wings, four as center with Maple Leafs
Ted Kennedy
Youngest to ever suit up for Maple Leafs, first to win Stanley Cup five times
Dave Keon
Led Maple Leafs to three straight Stanley Cup championships, four overall in 15 seasons with Toronto
Jari Kurri
Understated end-to-end player was Wayne Gretzky's wingman during Oilers dynasty
Elmer Lach
Was rugged center on Canadiens' famed 'Punch Line' with Maurice Richard, Toe Blake
Guy Lafleur
'The Flower' won Stanley Cup five times with Canadiens, was first to score at least 50 goals, 100 points in six straight seasons
Pat LaFontaine
Classy, hard-working forward ranks fifth in goals among United States-born players
Brian Leetch
Understated Rangers defenseman first American to win Conn Smythe Trophy, last at his position to score 100 points in a season
Jacques Lemaire
Two-way center won Stanley Cup eight times with Canadiens, scored two championship-winning goals
Mario Lemieux
Super scorer won Stanley Cup, Conn Smythe Trophy twice with Penguins, had 10 seasons of 100 points or more
Nicklas Lidstrom
Stellar Swedish defenseman won four Stanley Cup championships, Norris Trophy seven times with Red Wings
Eric Lindros
Dominant center formed Flyers' 'Legion of Doom' line with John LeClair, Mikael Renberg
Ted Lindsay
Left wing on Red Wings' famed 'Production Line' was fierce competitor for 17 seasons
Al MacInnis
Rode devastating slap shot to Hall of Fame; won Stanley Cup, Conn Smythe Trophy with Flames
Frank Mahovlich
Won Stanley Cup four times with Maple Leafs, twice with Canadiens, played on 'Production Line II' in Detroit
Mark Messier
Intense, emotional leader captained Oilers, Rangers to Stanley Cup
Stan Mikita
Black Hawks center, one of greatest in League history, only man to win Hart, Art Ross, Lady Byng trophies in same season
Mike Modano
Superman on ice won Stanley Cup with Stars, became highest-scoring United States-born player in League history
Dickie Moore
Six-time Stanley Cup winner with Canadiens was intense on ice, gentleman off it
Howie Morenz
Thrilled Canadiens fans with one-man rushes, won Stanley Cup three times with Montreal
Scott Niedermayer
Smooth-skating defenseman won Stanley Cup three times with Devils, once with Ducks
Joe Nieuwendyk
Hall of Fame center won Stanley Cup with three franchises
Adam Oates
Consummate playmaker has fourth-most assists among centers, made magic with Brett Hull on Blues
Bobby Orr
Bruins legend revolutionized defenseman position, won Stanley Cup twice, Norris Trophy eight times
Alex Ovechkin
Big, strong, fast Capitals wing is 1,000-point scorer, three-time Hart Trophy winner
Bernie Parent
In back-to-back seasons, Flyers goalie won Stanley Cup, Conn Smythe and Vezina trophies
Brad Park
Puck-moving, physical defenseman retired as all-time assist leader at his position, went to Cup Final with Rangers, twice with Bruins
Gilbert Perreault
Elusive skater centered Sabres' famed 'French Connection' line
Jacques Plante
First NHL goalie to regularly wear mask won Stanley Cup six times with Canadiens
Denis Potvin
Prolific defenseman anchored Islanders dynasty in the 1980s
Chris Pronger
Physically dominant defenseman won Stanley Cup with Ducks, two Olympic gold medals for Canada
Jean Ratelle
Graceful skater centered Vic Hadfield, Rod Gilbert on Rangers' famed 'GAG Line'
Henri Richard
Magician on ice, 'Pocket Rocket' member of record 11 Stanley Cup championship teams
Maurice Richard
Cultural icon in Montreal, 'Rocket' won Stanley Cup eight times, including five in a row with Canadiens
Larry Robinson
Bruising Canadiens defenseman won six Stanley Cup titles, Norris Trophy two times
Luc Robitaille
Ninth-round draft pick became highest-scoring left wing in League history
Patrick Roy
Clutch goaltender won two Stanley Cup titles with Canadiens, two with Avalanche, Vezina Trophy three times
Joe Sakic
Captained Avalanche to two Stanley Cup titles, had decorated career with Canada
Borje Salming
Pioneering Maple Leafs defenseman first European star in League
Denis Savard
Gifted center sparked Blackhawks revival in the 1980s
Serge Savard
Stay-at-home defenseman formed Canadiens' 'Big Three' with Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, won Stanley Cup eight times with Montreal
Terry Sawchuk
Four-time Vezina Trophy winner helped Red Wings win Stanley Cup three times in four seasons
Milt Schmidt
Bruins legend centered 'Kraut Line,' won Stanley Cup twice as player, two more times as executive
Teemu Selanne
'Finnish Flash' scored 76 goals as rookie, won Stanley Cup with Ducks in 2007
Brendan Shanahan
Gritty wing won Stanley Cup three times with Red Wings
Eddie Shore
First great Bruins defenseman was 'Babe Ruth and Ty Cobb of hockey'
Darryl Sittler
Popular, hard-working Maple Leafs captain scored record 10 points in game
Billy Smith
'Battlin'' goalie racked up Stanley Cup titles, penalty minutes during Islanders dynasty
Peter Stastny
Defected with brother from Czechoslovakia to Nordiques, first rookie to score 100 points
Scott Stevens
Hard-hitting defenseman captained Devils to three Stanley Cup titles
Mats Sundin
Longtime Maple Leafs captain only Swedish-born player with 500 NHL goals
Jonathan Toews
Captained Blackhawks to three Stanley Cup titles, won Conn Smythe Trophy in 2010
Bryan Trottier
'Natural born center' won four Stanley Cup championships with Islanders, two with Penguins
Georges Vezina
Ironman for Canadiens had goaltending trophy named after him
Steve Yzerman
'Ultimate captain' helped lead Red Wings to three Stanley Cup titles
The following post is by David Sager, Processing Technician in the Recorded Sound Section, Library of Congress.
This post is in commemoration of the 84th anniversary of Buddy Bolden's death and the never-ending discussion of his legendary lost cylinder recording.
Charles “Buddy” Bolden, 1877-1931, often referred to as the “first man of jazz,” holds an esteemed place in recorded sound lore, despite the fact that no sound recording of him exists! His legend contains many myths and exaggerations about his powerful music and rough and tumble lifestyle. One especially tantalizing notion is that he made a phonograph record–a cylinder–with his band, during the brief period that he was musically active, before being institutionalized in 1907. In the years following Bolden's death, as jazz scholarship was beginning to take shape, rumor of the cylinder's existence caused a stir among researchers, who searched for it in vain.
Bolden appeared on the New Orleans music scene rather suddenly–around 1900–and immediately became fodder for folklore. He played the cornet in a loud, expressive way and many who knew Bolden said that his music combined ragtime and the blues for the first time. He played in smoky, stuffy dance halls with colorful names, such as the Union Son's Hall, informally, but permanently renamed “Funky Butt Hall,” where he excited his dancers with his low-down, blues-drenched music. It was said that he blew so loudly that when he played outdoors his cornet could be heard for ten to twenty-five miles away! And as suddenly as he appeared, he left the scene. A heavy drinker, Bolden began to show signs of unreliability and unruliness in 1906. He was arrested on two occasions for violence and it was ultimately ruled that Bolden was insane. In June of 1907 was committed to the Louisiana State Insane Asylum at Jackson, Louisiana, where he frittered away his final 24 years, dying on November 4, 1931.
For years the persistent rumor that he recorded a wax cylinder with his band kept New Orleans jazz aficionados and collectors on the lookout. According to the band's trombonist Willy Cornish, Bolden and his group made the cylinder around 1898. In the 1950s, jazz writer Charles Edward Smith, who had been the first to hear about the cylinder upon interviewing Cornish, offered a reward to any person who could bring it to light. Eventually, facts behind the cylinder and its whereabouts began to emerge.
Most of what we know to be true about Bolden is the result of the painstaking research of Donald M. Marquis, whose 1978 work In Search of Buddy Bolden did much to clear up the many misconceptions about this man. Marquis subsequently learned that it was a local saloon operator named Oscar Zahn, who recorded the Bolden Band on his Edison phonograph. Zahn's business was in the vicinity of Bolden's musical activities and apparently they became acquainted. It was not unusual for people who owned Edison phonographs to make home recordings. These machines were routinely sold with a recording attachment for this purpose, and many home recordings survive to this day. The Bolden recordings were thought to have been made after 1900.
Unfortunately Zahn's collection of cylinders languished for years in a storage shed that was torn down in the early 1960s. Even if the cylinder had been recovered in time it would no doubt be unplayable due to the ravages of New Orleans humidity and mold.
There are, however, contemporaneous recordings that reflect the Bolden's repertoire. His most-often played and requested number was an old melody that his bandmate Willy Cornish christened “Funky Butt.” The same melody appeared as part of a copyrighted composition entitled “St. Louis Tickle” in 1903. Here is a 1906 recording of “St. Louis Tickle,” performed by the Ossman-Dudley Trio. The “Funky Butt” theme appears at 0:39.
{mediaObjectId:'A2671ACD3510037CE0438C93F116037C',metadata:["St. Louis Tickle<br>Ossman-Dudley Trio, 1906-01-24<br>(Victor 16092)"],mediaType:'A',playerSize:'medium'}
We can glean from dance orchestra recordings made during the early 1900s a sense of the tone produced by the Bolden band. In the photo above of Bolden's band we see that it was a typical stripped-down dance orchestra common to New Orleans, and known locally as a “string band.” String bands consisted of the essential voices needed to realize a publisher's stock dance orchestration, with guitar substituting for piano. Recording dance orchestras of the time were similarly pared down to minimal and essential voices in order to be accommodated by the limited efficiency of the acoustical recording horn. The Victor “Metropolitan Orchestra” was one such ensemble and their informal, unpolished style adds to the fire of our imaginations as we muse about Bolden and his group. As a professional organization, Bolden's band would have been expected to play marches, waltzes and other hits of day the Metropolitan Orchestra did in the recordings below.
{mediaObjectId:'A2671ACD6364037CE0438C93F116037C',metadata:["El Capitan March<br>Metropolitan Orchestra, 1901-12-02<br>(Victor 1017)"],mediaType:'A',playerSize:'medium'}
{mediaObjectId:'A2671ACD6870037CE0438C93F116037C',metadata:["Quadrille: On with the Dance<br>Metropolitan Orchestra, 1901-02-12<br>(Victor 1252-D)"],mediaType:'A',playerSize:'medium'}
Recordings made in Havana, Cuba, approximately 700 miles to the southeast of New Orleans, offer yet another facet to understanding the kind of effect Bolden may have put forth. Many of the danzon orquestas recorded there prior to 1910 feature a potent, “hot” style of cornet playing, somewhat reminiscent of the kind of style featured in early proto-jazz ensembles.
{mediaObjectId:'A2671ACD5B7E037CE0438C93F116037C',metadata:["Punto Cubano<br>Orquesta de Enrique Peña, 1909-02-01<br>(Victor 62327)"],mediaType:'A',playerSize:'medium'}
Although the facts of Buddy Bolden's life have been largely clarified, the sound of his music remains a mystery. Along with sound recordings we can use contemporaneous orchestrations, photographs and recollections of folks who knew him to help pull into focus a semblance of his style and effect. Still, we will never really know just what Bolden, his band, and the late nineteen century origins of jazz sounded like.
The Burning Man Project is a new nonprofit that is trying to spread around the world the open culture associated with the famous Nevada desert gathering that bears its name.
Though the organization is no stranger to publicity and controversy, it has also proved itself a model in open financial reporting—one that more nonprofits should follow.
Most people know about Burning Man's attempt every year to build a communal city dedicated to "community, art, self-expression, and self-reliance."
While Burning Man is typically seen as a gathering place for today's hippies, the spirit of self-expression it represents has also played out in astounding ways, such as billionaires spending their fortunes to create elaborate tents featuring top chefs and sleek models being paid to provide entertainment.
Other than in its nod to free expression, Burning Man is not an obvious candidate as an exemplar of financial transparency, as it faces no serious external pressure to make information openly available. It relies little on donors; it is a relatively small organization; its audience is an eclectic group of people, many of whom regard accounting as anathema; and its activities intentionally avoid polarizing or political labeling.
Burning Man could easily have blended into the fray by providing only the required regulatory information. But it has chosen to blaze a different path.
The organization's most recent Form 990, which reflects the completion of a three-year transition to nonprofit status, epitomizes Burning Man's commitment to transparency.
Its leaders, who decided that being a nonprofit entity was more in keeping with the organization's mission, did not fill out the financial forms in a way that merely complies with the law. Instead, they went out of their way to provide additional details, particularly in regard to transactions with insiders and other items stemming from its reorganization.
In other words, they did not avoid the tough issues, but took advantage of opportunities to explain them. What's more, they made sure not to make the report an information dump, but an attempt to fully explain the organization's methods, intentions, and projections for the future.
Importantly, Burning Man's Form 990 marks the beginning, rather than the end, of the organization's efforts to communicate with the public about its finances. The organization prominently posted on its website a discussion about its finances and answers to frequently asked questions.
Advertisement
This effort covers the range of issues an interested reader might want to know, including:
What a Form 990 is and how to read and interpret it.
Why the organization decided to change its status to a nonprofit.
What transactions were involved in that transition.
What operations the organization has completed or intends to complete going forward, and how that is likely to be reflected in financial statements.
It is hard to read through the materials provided by Burning Man without viewing them as constituting a genuine effort at educating the general public about where the organization has been and where it is going, at least financially speaking.
I heap this praise on the organization not because I think it or the operating choices it has made are wise; to comment on these aspects of the organization would only obscure the point.
Instead, I am emphasizing that the group's decision to provide a wealth of information and seek ways to make it understandable to those who are not accountants or lawyers is commendable. The move is particularly noteworthy because Burning Man's openness is likely to invite more, not less, scrutiny of its actions by its detractors.
To this end, I note how the organization's approach contrasts with the usual way in which financial information is disclosed.
Nonprofits rely on guidance from regulators and watchdogs on what information to make public. Regulators and watchdogs, in turn, confirm that a nonprofit has followed the rules. They do this by relying on checklists to classify organizations based on their transparency, rather than rewarding the more amorphous goal of free and open expression.
When organizations go beyond the basic reporting requirements, the results are mixed.
Guidestar and GiveWell deserve credit for seeking clear and open communication. But far more common are organizations that supplement basic requirements by offering cherry-picked financial information that conveys an incomplete, if not misleading, view of their operations.
Take, for instance, the American Red Cross, which NPR and Pro Publica revealed has repeatedly tried to show that it spends 91 cents of every donated dollar on programs, without providing specific financial backup of the claim. Sadly, the charity is hardly the only one making such questionable claims.
Many organizations tout the share of donations that goes to programs without mentioning that such expenses may be devoted chiefly to "awareness" advertising . Other charities that rely heavily on telemarketers to raise funds bury their high fees by classifying them as part of public-education efforts. Meanwhile, many aid groups accept donated supplies only tangentially related to their mission or operations to create an outsized appearance of impact.
To put it mildly, things shouldn't be this way. Nonprofits are supposed to serve the public good, and they rely on the trust of donors who volunteer to support their causes and the indirect support of taxpayers who subsidize their tax-exempt status. That's why charities should be eager and encouraged to meet a higher standard when it comes to accountability and transparency.
So, while some may use Burning Man's open and clear communication as an opportunity to question the organization's operations, the group should nonetheless be admired and congratulated for its transparency.
I sincerely hope that these new and added efforts to generate effective disclosure mark the beginning of a new era of transparency, both for Burning Man and the rest of the nonprofit world. All nonprofit leaders can benefit from taking a close look at Burning Man. Doing so may prove enlightening.
TORONTO — The day after he was tossed from Toronto's loss to the Washington Wizards, Raptors point guard Kyle Lowry says he'll never tone down his fiercely competitive way.
And coach Dwane Casey doesn't want him to.
Lowry wouldn't elaborate on what he'd said to an official to warrant an ejection Sunday night.
“You know I ain't going to say nothing about it, because I'm not getting fined,” he said. “That's a question I'm not going to answer.”
Lowry picked up two quick technicals for harping at a referee less than four minutes into the second quarter of the Raptors' 107-96 loss to the Wizards. Lowry was asked several times about the incident after Monday's practice at Biosteel Centre, including whether or not he'll consider walking away next time.
Lowry wouldn't oblige, repeatedly stating “It's not worth my time to talk about that.” But the three-time NBA all-star doesn't plan on reining in his competitive streak.
“I'm going to be me,” Lowry said.
Casey, whose Raptors host the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday as part of a three-game homestand, stood by his point guard.
“It's unfortunate,” the coach said. “Kyle didn't call the guy a name. He didn't cuss the guy out. He may have said a cuss word, but he didn't berate him. That's usually when you get ejected.
“I love Kyle,” Casey added. “I never want Kyle Lowry to change. But we need him. I told him that earlier, we need all of our players to be competitive, be professional and to keep their heads. But you never want a player to lose his competitiveness.”
Casey believed the official could have helped prevent the incident from escalating to the point of ejection.
“Back in the old days, officials wouldn't even acknowledge you, they wouldn't even talk to you unless they were trying to put you in your place,” Casey said. “Now they do a good job of communicating when they need to. (But) there are certain situations I think they should walk away and understand what the level of frustration in the moment, in the game is, and handle it. That's where a veteran official has a better feel.”
The ejection is the latest bit of frustration for the veteran guard who has struggled to adjust to his team's new ball-sharing offence. Lowry is averaging 11.9 points and 6.6 assists a night, and his usage had dropped to 19.9 per cent from last season's 24.4 per cent.
“I don't know, man, honestly,” Lowry said when asked it has been so tough to find his rhythm. “I think the way we're moving the ball, the ball's not in my hands as much. They want me to just try to get everyone involved and for me, I've been used to having the ball in my hands. I always pass the ball, but more so I don't have the ball I can't read the defence as much as I usually could before.”
The Raptors' ball movement has all but come to a virtual standstill over the last few games, and Casey believes it's partly indicative of, when things aren't going well, to fall back into previous habits.
“Guys feel the need to take it and score and get something done because we've had stretches where it's been difficult — pass-pass-pass and you don't score, so then there comes a point where guys tend to take it and try to score,” he said.
Casey is hopeful Lowry's adjustment to the new offensive tactics — and to a lesser extent DeMar DeRozan's — are merely a matter of time.
“To he and DeMar's defence, we're doing things totally different, we're trying to,” Casey said. “We get stuck in trying to fight back and claw back, guys go back to their natural habits, but it's not as much pick and roll with him in set plays. We're coming down in flow, in drags or whatever, so in fairness, it's different than what Kyle and DeMar are used to, that has hurt their rhythm.”
“I appreciate their patience,” he added. “They're working with it, they're trying. But it has taken them out of their comfort level, where they've been productive. We're going to stick with it because in the long run, and I know it's hard to see now (because) it's not equating to wins, but in the long run it's going to help them.”
The (5-4) Raptors may get a bit of breathing room Tuesday, as they host a lowly Bulls team that's 2-6 on the season.
Toronto beat Chicago 117-100 on opening night, Oct. 19. The Raptors host New Orleans on Thursday before heading back on the road for three games, beginning on Sunday in Boston.
PITTSBURGH—A Pennsylvania eighth-grader who became ill after smoking synthetic marijuana and had a double lung transplant has died.
Tonya Rice tells the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review ( http://bit.ly/tk0Vod) that her 13-year-old son, Brandon, died Thursday morning at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh at UPMC.
The boy smoked the fake marijuana out of a plastic PEZ candy dispenser. The chemicals in the drugs caused extensive damage to his lungs. Brandon was put on a respirator in June and had a double lung transplant in September.
The boy's mother says anti-rejection drugs he'd taken since the transplants weakened his immune system and made him unable to fight a recent infection.
Gov. Tom Corbett signed a law outlawing such substances in Pennsylvania a few days after the boy smoked the substances. The ban took effect in August.
------
Information from: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, http://pghtrib.com
© Copyright 2011 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Why Are We Hauling Pennsylvania Coal All The Way To Germany?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bradley C. Bower/AP Bradley C. Bower/AP
Enlarge this image toggle caption NPR NPR
Enlarge this image toggle caption S.V. Date/NPR S.V. Date/NPR
There are budget earmarks from powerful congressmen, earmarks from not-so-powerful congressmen and, as it turns out for an old mining town in Pennsylvania's Appalachians, there's even an earmark from a long-dead congressman.
In the 1960s and 70s, powerful Democrat Daniel Flood worked to find a federal government buyer for the anthracite coal mined in his district. He succeeded: Some five decades later, the heat coming off the radiators at the U.S. military's installation at Kaiserslautern, Germany, is still generated by burning Pennsylvania anthracite.
Each year, the coal is dug from century-old mines in these hills and valleys, loaded onto rail cars and sent to an East Coast port, typically Baltimore. There, it's loaded onto a bulk carrier for the trans-Atlantic journey to Rotterdam in the Netherlands.
Then a barge takes the coal down the Rhine River and delivers it to the village of Rhinau, France, says Uschi Hoermann, a civilian contracting officer for the Air Force in Germany. Kaiserslautern has a storage area there, she says, and "they pick up the coal as they need it."
Yet Germany's environmental policy is to shift away from coal — which produces twice as much carbon dioxide as natural gas does for the same amount of energy. Even setting that aside, there is plenty of anthracite to be found on the European market — at a fraction of the price of American anthracite, after factoring in the shipping costs.
So why haul Pennsylvania coal all the way to Germany?
Hoermann points to a $20-million-a-year contract which requires it. And the contract requires it because, year after year, Congress has inserted into defense appropriations bills a requirement that the heating of the military bases at Kaiserslautern be done with "United States anthracite."
The Pennsylvania Connection
Eastern Pennsylvania is the only place in the United States where anthracite is mined. It's the hard, low-sulfur, low-soot form of coal that once was a mainstay in home heating and commercial power generation. But by the mid-1960s, more and more homes and utilities were switching to oil and natural gas, and away from anthracite.
"The industry was struggling, and the Pennsylvania delegation wanted to do something to help it," says Jim Dyer, who today is a lobbyist with the Podesta Group, but began his career four decades ago in the office of Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Joseph McDade. "The one way it could help it was ... to get the federal government interested in buying some of it."
Their vehicle for capturing that interest was the earmark — in this case, a mandate that the Defense Department buy upwards of a million tons of anthracite a year for heat and electricity at its overseas bases. A law was passed actually forbidding the conversion of coal-fired plants at the bases to other fuels.
By the late 1970s and 1980s, the Pentagon was pushing back hard. It complained that it had no use for all that coal — so much, in fact, that it was paving it over with asphalt to protect it from the elements. It argued that it was cheaper to buy electricity and heat from local communities.
Over time, those arguments began to win the day. Critics of the program grew in number, and dubbed the anthracite language the "Coals to Newcastle" program. Then-Texas GOP Sen. Phil Gramm called it "felony theft of the taxpayers' money."
The coal mandate started to shrink — down to 300,000 tons, and eventually to the language currently in use that requires enough to generate the hot water needed by the 50,000 American service members and dependents at Kaiserslautern. That worked out to about 9,000 tons of anthracite last year, according to Hoermann.
Why the program is still in place remains unclear.
When it started a half-century ago, the million-ton annual purchase made the Pentagon the single largest buyer of anthracite in the world. The 9,000 tons left today make up less than 4 percent of the output of the one mine in Tamaqua that supplies the Kaiserslautern coal.
Flood left Congress in 1980 after pleading guilty to corruption charges, and died in 1994. One of Flood's aides, Michael Clark, remained in Washington, however. He founded the Anthracite Industry Association and continued lobbying Congress to keep the coal language. His success was even featured in a 1983 Washington Post article by Michael Isikoff.
Today Clark is still a lobbyist — and in an unusual twist, now represents Stadtwerke Kaiserslautern, the city-owned utility that is required to burn American anthracite in its Air Force heating contract. Neither Clark nor SWK, as the utility is known, responded to queries about the lobbying services Clark has provided.
Disclosure forms filed with Congress show that SWK is Clark's sole lobbying client, and that it has paid him an average of $225,000 a year over the past decade.
The Air Force also declined requests for an interview regarding the coal-shipping policy. While it fought Congress when the requirement was a million tons a year, it's not fighting the current mandate. It said in a statement: "The Air Force follows the laws and the direction put forth by Congress."
No Groundswell To Eliminate Earmark
The member of Congress who represents Flood's old district is Democrat Matt Cartwright. He won the seat in the 2012 running as an environmentalist, and benefited from a quarter million dollars in TV ads against the conservative Democratic incumbent by the League of Conservation Voters.
At a recent public hearing Cartwright hosted in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., he acknowledged that the coal earmark is not ideal from an environmental standpoint. "It's one of those things in Washington that if you want to dislodge it, you have to well up a force of steam to get that done," he told NPR. "I'm not aware of any great groundswell of support to get rid of it at this point."
And, Cartwright says, he's not willing to lead that charge. "This is something that was instituted in the congressional tenure of Daniel Flood. So before you dislodge a tradition like that, you want to study it closely."
All of which means there's little chance that the late Congressman Flood's coal-to-Germany legacy earmark will be ending anytime soon.
The Air Force, in fact, this past December signed a six-year extension of its heating contract for Kaiserslautern — including the requirement that it continue burning American anthracite.
Prime minister and Labour leader will appear one after the other after BBC says it does not want to ‘embarrass' May by featuring empty chair
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn will appear one after the other on a BBC Question Time general election special, in a compromise deal agreed after the prime minister refused to take part in head-to-head debates.
The two main party leaders will answer questions from a TV studio audience in York in a programme hosted by David Dimbleby. It matches a similar format agreed before the last election when David Cameron refused to appear on the same stage as Corbyn's predecessor Ed Miliband.
General election 2017: May and Corbyn to appear on BBC Question Time leader special – politics live Read more
The programme will be broadcast on 2 June, six days before the election, and will be followed by a series of prime-time interviews by Andrew Neil with the main party leaders.
The Scottish National party leader, Nicola Sturgeon, and the Liberal Democrat leader, Tim Farron, will appear in a separate programme on 4 June.
Jonathan Munro, the head of BBC newsgathering, defended the corporation's decision not to challenge May's refusal to appear in head-to-head debates by featuring an empty chair in her place.
Speaking to the BBC's Daily Politics programme, he said: “The prime minister decided, as is perfectly within her rights, not to take part in the programmes. We don't really believe in the empty chair, because the empty chair is tactic to embarrass someone to come and talk to us.”
Munro added: “Surely the interest of the audience is best served by hearing all the cases from the parties they can vote for. The freedom of speech comes with a freedom not to speak, and if political readers decide for whatever reason not to take part, we are not really into strong-arming people into the studio.”
May will appear alongside her husband, Philip, in an interview for the One Show on Tuesday night. Munro confirmed that the BBC had also invited Corbyn to appear alongside his wife, Laura Alvarez, on the One Show sofa, but said the offer had not yet been accepted.
He said: “It is up to Mr and Mrs Corbyn about whether they want to appear as a couple or not. The invitation has certainly been extended.”
May was the first leader to refuse to take part in head-to-head debates, saying she preferred on-the-ground campaigning. Corbyn then said he would not be involved in a debate made up of opposition party representatives. But both Labour and the Conservatives have agreed to the alternative format.
Labour and the SNP have repeatedly accused May of running scared of head-to-head debates with their respective leaders. Labour said May's refusal to take part in a full debate was anti-democratic.
The UK has more billionaires than ever. Under Labour we'll all be on the rich list | Rebecca Long-Bailey Read more
The BBC announced there would also be a live TV debate hosted by Mishal Husain at the end of May featuring senior figures, including some leaders, from all the seven main parties. It will include Ukip, despite the party's lack of representation in Westminster.
ITV has said it will hold an election debate with or without either May or Corbyn, but is not planning to embarrass them with empty chairs. The details of ITV's election programmes have yet to be finalised.
Sarah Champion, the shadow minister for women and equalities, gave a qualified welcome to the compromised debate format.
We call earth the blue planet with reason — water covers 71% of our world's surface, a fact that sets the third rock from the sun apart. But humans are land creatures, and we have lived and thrived on earth because of the vegetation our planet supports. We depend on the green.
Now recent footage gathered by a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) satellite shows in detail just how that green changes over the course of the seasons — and how we're altering it with man-made activity. The video above is distilled from footage collected from April 2012 to April 2013 by the NASA/NOAA Suomi NPP satellite. The satellite can detect pixel-by-pixel changes in the earth's vegetation over the course of a week or several decades. The areas of the darkest green show dense vegetative growth — think rain forests — while lighter areas represent land with less plant cover, like deserts and mountains. Oceans and fresh water in the video are left white.
In North America, the video shows how greenery changes over the course of the year, as fall turns to winter and vegetation shrinks thanks to snowfall and dropping temperatures. Wildfires — like the deadly fires blasting through Arizona now — torch forests but over the long term can help promote revitalized plant growth. In South America, the video shows how deep green land surrounding the wide Amazon River has changed thanks to deforestation. The land has been scarred as forests have been cut down or burned to make room for agriculture and settlements. In China, the most populous country on the planet, unprecedented urban sprawl has left pockets of white amid the dense green along the coasts. Shanghai — a city with a metro population of over 23 million people — is seen as a blank white spot.
The detail NOAA's satellite imagery can offer is especially valuable in the Horn of Africa, where minute changes of vegetative growth can offer advance warning for oncoming droughts. At the same time, a sudden flourishing of green could signal an uptick in malaria — a disease that kills more than 3,000 African children a day — as the Anopheles mosquito that hosts the malaria parasite thrives on dense, wet vegetation.
The Suomi NPP satellite allows us to see how our planet is changing in near real time. And given how fast we're changing it — thanks to man-made greenhouse gases and sprawling development — it's an eye in the sky we need more than ever.
MORE: Timelapse: Satellite Videos Show How the Earth Has Changed
MINISTERS are drawing up plans to exempt all ex-servicemen from prosecution in Northern Ireland – in what would be a huge victory for The Sun.
Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams yesterday claimed the Government was preparing to give an amnesty to nearly 1,000 veterans who served in the province.
Getty Images - Getty 4 Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams says the move 'was an 'act of bad faith'
A draft document would be inserted into a consultation document on potential ways to deal with the toxic legacy of the Troubles.
Mr Adams stormed that it was an “act of bad faith”.
But campaigning MPs said the Government was finally showing respect to soldiers who were being subjected to a disgraceful “witch hunt”.
Tory backbencher Richard Benyon told the Sun: “There are murderers walking free in Northern Ireland while old men who served their country well in impossible circumstances are dragged through the courts.
Rex Features 4 PM Theresa May meeting with Gerry Adams to discuss power sharing in Northern Ireland
“If the Government delivers this no one would be happier than me.”
The MP – who served in Northern Ireland - added: “The troops went out every day in Northern Ireland to keep the peace and protect lives. The terrorists went out every day to kill and maim – but they are the ones pardoned by the Good Friday Agreement.”
The Sun last year revealed prosecutors were reopening investigations into all 302 killings by British troops during the 30 years of the Troubles.
More than 1,000 vets would be viewed as manslaughter or murder suspects in an enquiry led by a newly created Legacy Investigations Branch of Northern Ireland's police service.
Furious opponents claim it was a politically motivated move by Sinn Fein sympathisers.
Theresa May and ex-Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon led attempts to stamp out the witch hunt.
But Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire has infuriated Cabinet colleagues by pushing for any exemption to be scrapped – to avoid upsetting Sinn Fein.
Mr Benyon tabled a private members bill last month to try and protect troops by demanding no serviceman can be prosecuted 10 years after combat.
He cited the case of 78 year-old Dennis Hutchings – who is facing an attempted murder charge linked to the fatal shooting in 1974 of John Cunningham in County Armagh.
Pacemaker Press 4 DUP MP Ian Paisley Jr, pictured after winning his North Antrim seat in June, praises the Government's plans for amnesty
DUP MP Ian Paisley last night said the Government's amnesty would be “fantastic news and another victory for common sense”.
A spokesman for Mr Brokenshire refused to comment on Mr Adams' claims yesterday.
In a statement, the Northern Ireland Office said: "The consultation has not been launched at this stage, but the Government will be engaging with stakeholders in advance."
“We are obliged to move forward so that victims and survivors are able to get the progress they have been seeking for such a long time.”
Alamy 4 MPs said the Government was finally showing respect to soldiers who were being subjected to a disgraceful 'witch hunt'
MOST READ IN POLITICS Exclusive CORB OUT Corbyn forced to apologise for hiding freebie NYC trip paid for by anti-nuke group RACISM ROW Labour MP hosts Commons event honouring activist suspended over anti-Semitism ALL OUT Hundreds of Universal Credit workers vote to STRIKE Exclusive WHERE CREDIT'S DUE 4m set for £3k Universal Credit boost - but others plunged into poverty HEZ BAN IRE Jeremy Corbyn sparks fury by saying there's no 'evidence' to back Hezbollah ban FLYING TENSIONS PM risks rows by telling Egypt that flight ban to Sharm El Sheikh must stay
The Irish Government last night said it would “not look favourably” on any amnesty measure in Northern Ireland.
A spokesman for the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin said: “The Government's position is and will remain that the rule of law, including the requirement under Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights, for effective investigations of unlawful killings, must be upheld by all responsible authorities.”
Roy Hodgson has named a 30-man squad for the game with Denmark at Wembley next week.
The Three Lions get their 2014 campaign underway on Wednesday evening as Hodgson begins the countdown to this summer's World Cup Finals in Brazil.
And there is a first senior call up for Southampton left-back Luke Shaw, who makes the step-up from Gareth Southgate's Under-21 squad.
England v Denmark International Match
8pm, Wednesday 5 March
Wembley Stadium
Live on ITV
He is joined in the squad by Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling, whose recent form in the Premier League has seen the Reds in contention for the title.
There is also a recall to the squad for Cardiff City defender Steven Caulker, who last featured for England in the game with Sweden in November 2012 when he scored a goal on his debut.
The Squad
Goalkeepers: Fraser Forster (Celtic), Ben Foster (West Bromwich Albion), Joe Hart (Manchester City), John Ruddy (Norwich City).
Defenders: Leighton Baines (Everton), Gary Cahill (Chelsea), Steven Caulker (Cardiff City), Ashley Cole (Chelsea), Glen Johnson (Liverpool), Luke Shaw (Southampton), Chris Smalling (Manchester United), Kyle Walker (Tottenham Hotspur).
Midfielders: Ross Barkley (Everton), Michael Carrick (Manchester United), Tom Cleverley (Manchester United), Steven Gerrard (Liverpool), Jordan Henderson (Liverpool), Adam Lallana (Southampton), Frank Lampard (Chelsea), James Milner (Manchester City), Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal), Raheem Sterling (Liverpool), Andros Townsend (Tottenham Hotspur), Jack Wilshere (Arsenal).
Forwards: Jermain Defoe (Toronto FC), Rickie Lambert (Southampton), Jay Rodriguez (Southampton), Wayne Rooney (Manchester United), Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool), Daniel Welbeck (Manchester United).
Tickets for the game are on sale now. Click here to make sure you're at the game.
Story highlights There have been 836 confirmed cases of MERS infection
Scientists are trying to figure out how MERS is transmitted
Researchers in Saudi Arabia found MERS RNA in barn air
The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus, better known as MERS , may be an airborne virus, according to an observation paper published Tuesday in the journal mBio
There have been 836 laboratory-confirmed cases of MERS infection since its first appearance in 2012, according to the latest numbers provided by the World Health Organization. At least 288 related deaths have officially been reported to the WHO.
Scientists are still trying to figure out how the deadly virus is transmitted.
Researchers from King Fahd Medical Research Center in Saudi Arabia collected three air samples from a camel barn. Previously, they had found MERS in a camel from that barn and in its infected owner, who later died from the condition. After analyzing the air sample, the scientists found one strain of MERS RNA, the viral genome.
Interestingly, the barn air tested positive for MERS on the exact same day that one of the nine camels in the barn tested positive for MERS. Also, the virus from the air sample was identical to the virus found in nasal samples from the infected camel and its owner.
JUST WATCHED CDC: We were wrong on Illinois MERS case Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CDC: We were wrong on Illinois MERS case 01:35
JUST WATCHED NIH: We're working on MERS vaccine Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH NIH: We're working on MERS vaccine 03:03
JUST WATCHED How are health officials detecting MERS? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How are health officials detecting MERS? 02:11
"These data show evidence for the presence of the airborne MERS in the same barn that was owned by the patient and sheltered the infected camels," the study authors write.
But does that mean MERS is easily transmitted through the air?
"What they say is that virus particles can be airborne, but it's premature to conclude that MERS is transmitted through aerosols," said Dr. Mark Denison, a professor of pathology, microbiology and immunology at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee.
The key point is the difference between dead virus particles and a viable virus.
"I could take billions of particles of dead viruses and could still find the RNA. That doesn't mean that there are infectious aerosols," Denison said.
Kevin Olival, a senior research scientist at EcoHealth Alliance , agrees on that distinction.
"We know that MERS is found in nasal secretion of camels, so virus particles being spread out in a barn is not a surprise," he said. "Whether or not you can get infected, and if it's a cause for concern, is still an open question."
However, previous studies have suggested that there must be a way MERS is shed into the environment. Several reports in the past have shown MERS infection of those in close contact with infected patients. The exact pathways of infections are unclear.
"Do we still need to consider the possibility of airborne transmission? Yes, of course," Denison said.
But in order to fully understand whether airborne transmission plays a role in MERS, further research is needed, Denison and Olival conclude.
The trial of an ex-Florida police officer who fatally shot a black man broken down on a highway has been scheduled for October.
Judge Samantha Schosberg Feuer set an Oct. 30 date Tuesday for the trial of 39-year-old former Palm Beach Gardens officer Nouman Raja.
Raja is charged with manslaughter and attempted murder for shooting 31-year-old Corey Jones, a drummer who was returning home from a performance when his SUV broke down on Interstate 95 before dawn in October 2015. Raja was fired after the shooting.
Raja was not in uniform, and prosecutors say a recording of a telephone conversation Jones was having with a tow truck dispatcher show Raja never identified himself as an officer.
Jones had a concealed weapons permit and pulled his gun. Raja then shot him multiple times. Raja is of South Asian descent.
In what could easily be deemed as the most entertaining panel of the day, Thor: Ragnarok director Taika Waititi took the stage at Deadline's The Contenders event during the massive $118M+ opening weekend of the Disney Marvel film. “By the way, this is whisky and coffee,” Waititi shared, seemingly to explain his eccentric behavior, which garnered big laughs from the audience. “It's my opening weekend I can say whatever the f*ck I want.”
Waititi kept it honest throughout the panel discussion, which was moderated by Deadline's Anthony D'Alessandro. When asked about why he decided to take on such a tentpole like Thor, “Money, straight up,” he zinged saying he has two children who “cost shit loads of money.” He admitted not having much experience in the arena. “Full disclose, I've never made a superhero movie before.” His movies were more around the budgets where he's cutting up carrots for the crew. “So I thought Marvel didn't care anymore,” he zinged. “My strengths were tone and that's it,” he joked before adding more attributes like character, dialogue, and humor, which was clear. “I said ‘you guys can take care of the explosion, I'll focus on what I've done before,” he continued, “and I didn't get fired because I'm a G.”
Waititi did not hold back during his turn onstage at the DGA, where ironically, he shared his membership was recently reinstated after being suspended for four months. “I think it was something to do with money, which ain't a problem anymore!”
Meanwhile, Pixar's Coco director Lee Unkrich, was on deck to talk about his animated film which celebrates the Dia de los Muertos Mexican holiday. “I had always been interested in it as an outsider, mostly drawn to it through folk art,” said Unkrich. “It wasn't until I really started learning about the traditions and heading down to Mexico and learning firsthand how central family really is to the celebration. It's a celebration that's not about death, it's about life. It's about an obligation to remember our loved ones and not let the memories die.” The pic follows Miguel, voiced by newcomer Anthony Gonzales, who dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz (Benjamin Bratt), though his family forbids his pursuit of music.
For the director, it was important to showcase the different types of music that stems from Mexico. “In my mind, the model was O, Brother Where Art Thou, where you have a movie that really embraces the music. There are lots of performances of music. It's not a traditional breakout into song musical but music is in its DNA.” He added, “We wanted to make a film that really embraces all the different kinds of great music that comes out of Mexico. Everybody knows Mariachi and that is only one part of Mexican music but there is but there's so much more. Our movie is about performers. It's about musicians so there's a lot of performing onstage.”
OMAHA — Kathleen Baker stared at the seemingly simple question on the form distributed to members of the United States Olympic swim team. What challenges did she have to overcome on her way to qualifying for the Rio de Janeiro Games?
For Baker, one of about 700,000 Americans who have Crohn's disease, the answer could fill a 70-page spiral notebook, and it is not as easy as WebMD. How does one begin to explain the physical and psychosocial challenges of living with a disease — a chronic, recalcitrant gastrointestinal inflammation — that can be embarrassing to talk about? How could she describe the medications that can lose their efficacy over time, or a fatigue so fathomless it can sap your will?
Baker, 19, has fought to prevent her health challenges from defining her. Talking for the first time about her condition, she said: “I found doctors who weren't going to be just like, ‘You're Kathleen with Crohn's disease.' I need to be Kathleen the swimmer with Crohn's disease.”
Baker, who qualified for the Olympics in the backstroke — and perhaps a relay — seven years after receiving the life-altering diagnosis, will not be the first American Olympian with Crohn's. The kayaker Carrie Johnson, now retired, made the first of three Olympic teams in 2004, a year after she was found to have the disease. Other prominent athletes who have the condition include the N.F.L. quarterback David Garrard, who had a foot of his intestines removed, and the former N.H.L. player Kevin Dineen, who played 16 seasons after learning he had Crohn's.
Trading revs for kilowatts, Formula E, a new motorsport series featuring only electric race cars, will make its debut in 2014. The races will be an hour long, consisting of three segments, and battery life limits will mean drivers change cars during two planned pit stops. Unlike Formula 1, which races through the world's famed circuits, Formula E will drive at low-decibels through city centers around the planet.
Formula E is projected to include 10 teams of two cars at the start, expanding to 14 teams in 2015. "This new competition at the heart of major cities is certain to attract a new audience," said Jean Todt, Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) president. FIA, which governs Formula 1, is endorsing the league, and backing comes from Spanish real-estate billionaire Enrique Banuelos, who heads the consortium of investors for the league.
British businessman and FE investor Lord Paul Drayson owns Drayson Racing Technologies, which has spent the past two years developing an electric racing car. Last January, Drayson's team unveiled their prototype race car, the B12/69EV shown above. Currently, Drayson is the acting scientific adviser to Formula E. "People think [electric vehicles] are slow,” he said. “We will show that it's possible to do 200 mph, or 0-60 in three seconds."
Steve Brill has a very interesting 8,500-word story in this weekend's NYT magazine, all about Kenneth Feinberg and the process he went through to determine the pay packages of companies the US government had bailed out.
" data-share-img="" data-share="Twitter,facebook,linkedin,reddit,google,mail" data-share-count="false">
Steve Brill has a very interesting 8,500-word story in this weekend's NYT magazine, all about Kenneth Feinberg and the process he went through to determine the pay packages of companies the US government had bailed out.
The funniest part of the story is the bit where Feinberg reflexively tries to pay AIG executives in stock — which was trading at more than $40 a share at the time — only for both AIG and Treasury to tell him that really wasn't fair, because AIG stock is, yes, fundamentally worthless. They were right on that point: Feinberg actually would have been foolish to pay AIG executives in common stock, because that stock only has any long-term value at all in the event that AIG takes enormous risks and they pay off. And that is not something we want AIG's leadership to be doing, so I'm sad that Feinberg agreed to stock-based compensation at AIG “in appropriate cases”.
But Brill, who is a multi-millionaire in his own right, is not always a reliable guide to what constitutes fair pay. He's got a friend who works at AIG Financial Products, and who he lets “make the case” for that company's crazy retention-bonus plan. He quotes another friend talking sympathetically about how “really hard” these people are working, and a lawyer saying that “if people in these industries see that Congress can jerk them around whenever they want, they're going to stop going into these businesses, just the way people have stopped becoming doctors”. He's happy talking about how half a million bucks a year “is considered piddling” on Wall Street, and how a low six-figure salary doesn't mean anything to people who are already millionaires. And he talks a lot about the risk that people will quit, or not work hard, if they aren't paid lots of money — without giving a single example of that actually happening.
He also covers at length and with a perfectly straight face about the bizarre creature invented by Feinberg and called “salarized stock”:
For base cash salaries, Feinberg suggested a sum that, on Wall Street, is considered piddling — typically no more than $500,000 a year. He also said there would be no cash bonuses. But he tempered that with a compromise: The firms could provide additional annual salary compensation if paid in company stock — stock that the executive would receive every payday but could not sell immediately. This last provision came to be called “salarized stock.” It sounds like jargon only an M.B.A. could love, but it became a key element of the negotiations and a clever way for Feinberg and the bailed-out companies to work around a law passed in the early weeks of the Obama administration. Back in February, Senator Christopher Dodd, the Connecticut Democrat who is the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, inserted what is now called the Dodd amendment into the President's economic stimulus bill. A provision in that amendment limited any bonus compensation to 50 percent of the executive's salary… Because Feinberg's salarized stock would be dispensed every payday, it could therefore be considered salary under the Dodd amendment.
How clever of Feinberg to “work around” a clear law like that! Of course “salarized stock” is simply a guaranteed bonus, payable in stock; since it vests over a period of years, it's neither here nor there whether it's paid annually or whether it's paid monthly. But because Feinberg didn't like the optics of guaranteed bonuses — and because Dodd had clearly made guaranteed bonuses illegal — he created this Frankenstein monster instead, waving his magic terminological wand and turning a bonus into salary, to the delight of Brill, who as a lawyer loves this kind of sophistry.
To be fair to Brill, he does show quite clearly that Feinberg ended up paying lots of money to senior executives in practice, while trying as hard as possible to make it look as though he was being very harsh. That's probably what the government wanted all along: the main thing it was worried about was headlines. Feinberg's job wasn't to rein in pay, it was to rein in outrage about pay.
Brill's also excellent at uncovering the silly game that Feinberg played with the banks: he invited them to submit their own proposals as the basis for negotiation, with the predictable result that the banks spent millions of dollars on compensation consultants paid to conclude that senior executives were all above average, and had to be paid as much as $21 million a year, in the case of BofA. Feinberg could then announce multi-million-dollar pay packages as a low percentage of what the banks originally asked for, and seem tough in so doing.
But what Brill never really addresses is the question in the headline of his piece: how much are these bankers actually worth? And he also never addresses the question of the degree to which seven- and eight-figure salaries caused the crisis in the first place, or whether we actually want greedy people in these positions who won't do their jobs unless they're paid a hundred grand a week.
In Brill's world, the only downside to an enormous salary is the optics of the thing: how it looks to the rest of us. “Business common sense,” he writes, “dictates that because the government owned them, these were the last companies the government should want to undercut with unilateral pay disarmament”. Does he give a single example of a company underperforming because it can't pay well enough? Of course not: it's just obvious to Brill that banks which pay modest salaries (like, say, most credit unions) will do worse than banks which pay enormous bonuses (like, say, Lehman Brothers or Bear Stearns). Well, it's not obvious to me. Just like it's not obvious to me that people have stopped becoming doctors.
Update: Thanks to reader Anthony Bongiorni for picking up on this:
Feinberg consulted regularly with Deputy Treasury Secretary Neal Wolin and others at Treasury, Wolin says, though he met with Geithner only three times. “We pushed back with him on some issues,” Wolin recalls, referring to Treasury's desire to make sure that the companies would be able keep talented employees — and eventually repay the government.
It seems it was Wolin, at Treasury, who was pressuring Feinberg to pay more, rather than less. Wolin, in turn, entered Treasury straight from a senior executive position at The Hartford, which took $3.4 billion in federal bailout money, and surely wanted to be able to continue to pay its executives lots of money in future. Maybe they should send their friend Neal a thank-you note for helping to keep salaries high at bailout recipients.
It's a caveat that usually comes at the end of a story, typically one that's landed a bit flat: You had to be there.
In the case of the 2016 Bridgestone Winter Classic, though, it's best to get that qualifier out there right away. Unless you've been lucky enough to attend one of these events — be it as a fan, media member or, sure, even a player — it's tough to get a real sense of the spectacle.
Yes, the Winter Classic looks cool on TV and, assuming you haven't got travel plans that will drop you in Foxborough, Mass., on New Year's Day, I recommend you to tune in. (Just wanted to make sure my rights-holding employer was clear on my stance.)
Note: All photos below courtesy of Sportsnet's Ryan Dixon.
That said, if you've ever contemplated celebrating a calendar flip with some outdoor NHL action, the early returns from my first trip — professional or otherwise — to the Classic compel me to say, make it happen.
Granted, that viewpoint was forged largely by the media skate on Wednesday, when people like myself were lucky enough to close the laptop and lace ‘em up for a precious hour or so.
Whatever skepticism that exists before stepping on the ice — what kind of vibe can you really get in an expansive football stadium? Is the sheen wearing off this event? — evaporates pretty quickly once you start gliding around.
Soon enough, this surface will be home to slappers, but for now, it was all selfies as a bunch of people who often carry the curmudgeon tag got their Winter warm and fuzzy on. And, from what I've gathered just being in Boston about 24 hours now, even when the real athletes take centre stage, you can expect large traces of that genuine wonder to remain.
How was the ice, you ask? Just fine, at least according to the sensibilities of somebody who positively never skates on NHL-calibre ice. But seriously, it appears everything is good to go, partially because it's been downright wintery here the past day or so.
What the Winter Classic really feels like is the antidote to the NHL All-Star Game. Whereas the latter is constantly trying to make something of nothing, tinkering endlessly with the template to hit on something that works, the former has a straightforward approach that delivers the goods.
The formula of two teams, one transformed open-air venue, and a bunch of people who just want to be on the scene doesn't need to be messed with.
During the skate, I paused numerous times to take photos and soak in the surroundings. What really stands out from ice level is the sheer scale of things. For whatever intimacy is lost playing in a cavernous setting — and Ill admit, I would have loved to been here a few years ago at Fenway Park — it's more than compensated for by the feeling pure size generates.
Gillette Stadium usually services America's most outsized sport and some of that grandness, that unadulterated bigness, attaches itself to the Classic. That gives the event an unmistakable weight, even if the overall premise can never fully escape some gimmicky element.
If you're still wrestling with the notion it's a manufactured happening like many others, I reiterate the need to attend one before passing judgment. I'd also point you toward the rockin' wisdom of Cheap Trick, whose most recognizable jam, Surrender, screamed from the speakers while we looped around the frozen playground.
I don't know I'd go so far as to call the message poignant, but it was appropriate for this experience that, like the song, proves subtly sometimes needs to bow before “Wow.”
Story highlights Sources said the moment came up in the context of Trump's analysis of the Democratic Party
The President also used the meeting to again surface unfounded claims of voter fraud
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump taunted Democrats by telling them "Pocahontas is now the face of your party" -- his insult of choice for Sen. Elizabeth Warren -- during a meeting with senators earlier this week, sources told CNN.
The President also used the Thursday meeting at the White House to again surface unfounded claims of voter fraud during the 2016 presidential election.
The sources said the Warren moment came up in the context of Trump's impromptu analysis of the state of the Democratic Party. Trump made his comments in what appeared to be a reference to Warren's criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions during his confirmation process. Her comments prompted Republicans to invoke an arcane rule to cut her off.
JUST WATCHED Sen. Daines on why he shut down Elizabeth Warren Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sen. Daines on why he shut down Elizabeth Warren 06:19
The moment galvanized Democrats and has elevated Warren's standing among progressives.
Trump used his pejorative campaign nickname for Warren -- a reference to her claims of having Native American ancestry -- several times during the meeting, which one source described as "equal parts bizarre and completely awkward."
Read More
Motorola couldn't have been more clear that the MC9500 isn't meant for me—I don't work in a warehouse, manage inventories, or deliver boxes for a living—but oh man, would I carry the hell out of one of these.
Seriously, think about it: The MC9500 has all the hardware you need, with a 3.5G cellular radio, a 3.7-inch VGA touchscreen, and 806MHz Marvell processor, GPS, Wi-Fi, a 3.2-megapixel camera, stereo Bluetooth, and even an accelerometer. You can even swap out the keypad with another configuration, or a lump of lead, probably, to maximize the kinetic force when you inevitably use this thing as a bludgeon. Windows Mobile 6.1 is something you don't have a choice but to put up with in this sector, but that's beside the point, really.
Advertisement
It's beautiful, in a way the Cliq couldn't even fathom. I want to take it through airport security. I want to talk on it on the bus. I want to put it on my belt and try to get a seat at a nice restaurant. I want to crush ice with it. I want to club seals with it. I, I, I... want it. Which sucks, because it starts at $2500. [Motorola via V3]
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged:
A is A. A thing is itself. You have never grasped the meaning of his statement. I am here to complete it….Whatever you choose to consider, be it an object, an attribute or an action, the law of identity remains the same. A leaf cannot be a stone at the same time, it cannot be all red and all green at the same time, it cannot freeze and burn at the same time. A is A. Or, if you wish it stated in simpler language: You cannot have your cake and eat it, too….All the disasters that have wrecked your world, came from your leaders' attempt to evade the fact that A is A. All the secret evil you dread to face within you and all the pain you have ever endured, came from your own attempt to evade the fact that A is A. The purpose of those who taught you to evade it, was to make you forget that Man is Man.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations:
“A thing is identical with itself.” — There is no finer example of a useless proposition.
Fugitive had been in tense standoff with armed police for more than six hours before shooting himself
A tense, six-hour standoff between armed police and Raoul Moat, Britain's most wanted man, ended early this morning when the fugitive shot himself.
At 1.10am a single gunshot was heard at the scene of the standoff and police were reported to have surrounded Moat and jumped on him. In a statement, the police said "no shots were fired by police officers" and it "appears the suspect shot himself".
An ambulance reportedly sped from the scene, taking the former nightclub bouncer, 37, to a Newcastle hospital. Sources said Moat was pronounced dead on arrival.
Having evaded capture for a week, Moat had been surrounded in the Northumberland village of Rothbury for six hours as armed snipers trained their guns on him while he pointed a shotgun at his neck.
Moat was wanted over the shooting of his ex-girlfriend Samantha Stobbart, and the fatal shooting of her partner, Chris Brown, last Saturday, and the shooting of PC David Rathband on Sunday.
Just after 7pm yesterday Moat made a break from his hiding place near Cragside, around 300 metres from Rothbury. One witness said they saw him being chased by armed officers on the eastern edge of the village.
Another said they saw Moat being pursued across the front lawn of their home in the riverbank area of Rothbury at around 7.10pm, while other accounts described him walking along the bank of the river Coquet when two police officers approached him.
Within moments Moat was said to have gone down flat on his stomach and put a sawn-off shotgun to his neck, his finger apparently on the trigger. In seconds he was surrounded by 10 marksmen.
Trained police negotiators tried to talk with Moat, who was in a highly agitated state, shouting at officers who ordered him to lie on the ground.
Marksmen trained their guns and taser guns on him, while snipers lay on the banks of the river and behind an armoured police vehicle. An RAF Tornado plane with infra-red equipment roared overhead.
As daylight faded, police sent in food and water to try to help develop a rapport and trust. It was reported that Moat's friend Tony Laidler had arrived to try to assist with negotiations.
As torrential rain poured on the scene, the deadlock was broken at just after 1am when a single shot was heard, followed by the sound of shouting.
A police spokesman said: "We can confirm that a shot has been fired. It's believed that the suspect has a gunshot wound. No officers have been injured. The circumstances have yet to be established."
The temporary chief constable of Northumbria police, Sue Sim, said: "While the incident has been brought to a close we must be mindful of the impact it has had on many lives. Our thoughts are with the family and friends of those affected.
"I'd like to thank the public, particularly the community of Rothbury, for their continued help throughout the inquiry. This has been a difficult time for them and their support has been invaluable."
The force also confirmed that the incident had been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) because officers had had contact with Moat prior to his death.
The IPCC commissioner, Nicholas Long, said: "Early indications show that gunshots were not fired by police officers and this will of course form part of the IPCC independent investigation. It is also understood that a police officer did discharge a Taser and our investigation will also look at this."
Sim later confirmed that a taser had been fired, "however, this did not prevent his death".
The independent police watchdog is already investigating whether Northumbria police took adequate action after they received a warning from Durham prison after Moat's release that he might intend to cause serious harm to Stobbart.
Moat had remained at large for a week, allegedly aided by friends and associates. Six people have been arrested in connection with the investigation so far and two have already appeared before magistrates charged with conspiracy to commit murder and possession of a firearm.
Hundreds of officers were involved in the search, with 14 additional forces brought in, including 40 officers from the Metropolitan police's C019 sniper unit and 20 armoured police cars shipped in from Northern Ireland.
Throughout the inquiry, Northumbria police remained convinced Moat was in the area, despite cynicism as the search went on. Local sources believe Moat may have been sleeping rough in a storm drain that runs beneath the town.
He was wearing a blue-grey hooded top, baseball cap, dark jeans and white trainers. Earlier yesterday police were investigating claims that Moat had been spotted walking down the high street in Rothbury on Thursday at 11.45pm.
The sighting came just three hours after Northumbria's temporary chief constable, Sue Sim, told hundreds of worried villagers at a public meeting: "I'm not saying he's going to be walking down the road with a gun."
Yesterday evening there was a sense of panic as marksmen flooded into the village, which was cordoned off. Residents were told by officers to "go home and lock the door".
Peter Abiston was watching Moat throughout: "There are about 20 armed officers lying down pointing weapons at him. He looks very calm. It looks as though the police clearly have it under control."
Chris Robertson said he thought he had seen Moat holding a gun to his neck. "There was a man down by the river with what appeared to be a sawn-off shotgun pointing to his own neck. He was about 150 yards away. I wasn't sure it was Moat. Then the police came and pointed their rifles at him."
Retired taxi driver Dave Murray, 67, said Moat appeared to have been chased through the village and was heading east before being cornered at the primary school tennis courts and bowling green.
Armed police have been carrying out search operations in the town since Tuesday, but it is extraordinary that Moat was able to remain at large for so long. Earlier yesterday, there was a collision involving two police cars as they rushed to the area. It is not clear if anyone was injured.
In a surreal development, the former England and Newcastle footballer Paul Gascoigne turned up at the police cordon in an intoxicated state claiming to be a friend of Moat, and offering to give the fugitive assistance.
The latest furore over GM food highlights the need for good-quality research on highly sensitive topics, says François Houllier.
This autumn, a team of French researchers published results showing that rats fed with genetically modified (GM) maize (corn) died younger and showed more organ damage and tumours than usual. The team also observed similar effects in rats exposed to a combination of the GM maize and the herbicide it is designed to tolerate, and to the herbicide alone1. Not surprisingly, these results sparked debate among the public and many in the scientific community.
Field trials of a GM grapevine rootstock were destroyed by activists in France in 2010. Image: V. KESSLER/REUTERS/CORBIS
The public concern is easy to comprehend. The images of tumour-ridden rodents included in the study tapped into existing controversies over the safety of GM crops going back several decades, especially in Europe. Scientific reactions were intense for the opposite reason: other research on exposure to GM foods has not shown such pathological patterns2.
Since the paper was published, members of the scientific community have found weaknesses in the analysis, which, in their view, call the conclusions into question. But some damage may have been done: an opinion poll a few days after the paper's publication — although not specifically mentioning the study itself — showed that 79% of French people were worried about the possible presence of GM organisms in their food, compared with 65% in 2011 (ref. 3).
In my opinion, this episode highlights a major issue: there is a need for extra rigour in research whenever it tackles sensitive topics such as GM crops and food. Until science moves to the forefront, I believe the debate risks remaining mired in confusion and misinformation, no matter what improvements are made in public engagement.
Reactions to this latest GM study were reinforced by an unusual communication campaign. The authors informed a few journalists about the paper in advance, and asked them to sign an agreement saying that they would not interview outside experts until after the story had appeared in a French weekly magazine, Le Nouvel Observateur. In the following weeks, two books and a documentary based on the conclusions of the study were released. The effect was immediate: in my view, there was an initial wave of one-sided alarming news reports and increased distrust towards “the system”.
The French government and the European Commission immediately asked national and European food-safety agencies to review the publication. Most have now released preliminary or final reports pointing out weaknesses. These include a lack of relevant statistics — for example, on mortality and tumour incidence — resulting from the use of too few animals per group for long-term studies and a lack of plausible biological mechanisms for understanding the alleged effects. In my view, the paper seems to have failed to convince many in the scientific community, despite asking legitimate questions about long-term toxicity tests and the effects of a herbicide. Study author Gilles-Eric Séralini, of the University of Caen, has agreed that more animals would render the study more robust, but says that his findings are supported by many observations; he has also accused many detractors of conflicts of interest.
How do we address the questions about the impact of GM crops, and how do we prevent this kind of negative reaction? First, I believe that we need to publicly fund more risk–benefit analyses of GM crops. We also need more interdisciplinary studies of GM foods, especially on health impacts in animals and humans. A review2 identified 24 papers featuring trials of feedstuffs containing various GM crops, in which the trials lasted more than 90 days or were done in more than one generation. By contrast, more studies have charted the environmental impacts of GM crops, including long-term, large-scale studies and meta-analyses (see, for example, refs 4,5).
Research into GM crops can be difficult. For example, at the French National Institute for Agricultural Research (INRA) in 2005, we launched a programme to test the environmental impact of a GM grapevine rootstock that was supposed to be resistant to grapevine fanleaf virus, which causes large economic losses. The project was funded only by public money; it did not aim to develop a commercial variety. There was a public consultation about it, moderated by specialist social scientists6,7, and stakeholders were transparently informed. Nonetheless, activists destroyed the crop in August 2010.
Second, research must always follow proper academic standards. In my opinion, any breach in the rigour and traceability of the scientific workflow — stating the research question and hypothesis; designing adequate experiments; using relevant data analysis and modelling techniques; allowing outside experts to comment on the results — could, I fear, lead to a lack of trust.
Publishing a paper is not the end of the story. New data and results should be tested by the scientific community until a convergent corpus of evidence is reached by independent teams. I believe that publicizing and sharing raw data and disseminating new methods are thus extra crucial stages. The more unexpected the results, the more rigorous this workflow should be.
Third, the distinctions between scientific research, risk assessment and risk management must be clearly articulated. This is vital for public trust in the long term. The GM maize case has generated the feeling that research organizations should do risk-assessment trials. I disagree: they should focus on elaborating and testing new methods — such as how we can use metabolomics to get early predictors of metabolic impacts — and on dissecting underlying biological mechanisms. In my view, risk assessment should remain within the province of dedicated agencies using specific guidelines and impartial procedures, albeit informed by the best research, as happened with the chemical bisphenol A8,9.
As scientists, we must champion the multiple concerns of society, even when they make a contradictory call for more innovation as well as more precaution.
References 1. Séralini, G.-E. et al. Food Chem. Toxicol. 50, 4221–4231 (2012). 2. Snell, C. et al. Food Chem. Toxicol. 50, 1134–1148 (2012). 3. IFOP. Les Francais et les OGM. Available at http://go.nature.com/upf1cx (in French). 4. Lu, Y. et al. Nature 487, 362–365 (2012). 5. Marvier, M. et al. Science 316, 1475–1477 (2007). 6. The Local Monitoring Committee, Lemaire, O., Moneyron, A. & Masson, J. E. PLoS Biol. 8, e1000551 (2010). 7. Joly, P. B. & Rip, A. Nature 450, 174 (2007). 8. Arnich, N. et al. Int. J. Hyg. Environ. Health 214, 271–275 (2011). 9. Vandenberg L. N. et al. Endocr. Rev. 33, 378–455 (2012). Download references
Author information Affiliations François Houllier is president and chief executive of INRA, Paris, France. François Houllier Authors Search for François Houllier in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar Corresponding author Correspondence to François Houllier.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
Gary McKinnon, a 43-year-old British computer hacker suffering from Asperger's syndrome, who has been caught in an extradition battle between the U.S. and the UK over the last decade, suffered a setback on Wednesday when President Barack Obama said the case was now in the hands of the British legal system.
Earlier the President had been more inclined to find a solution that would probably spare McKinnon, who hacked into the NASA and Pentagon sites from his London home, from being extradited to the U.S.
At a joint press conference with the British Prime Minister David Cameron, the president said: “We have confidence in the British legal system coming to a just conclusion, and so we will await resolution and we will be respectful of that process.
The statement was in line with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder's statement this month in which he assured that the government would ‘take all of the necessary steps' towards the extradition of McKinnon. Holder said McKinnon needed to be held accountable for the crimes that he committed.
U.S. prosecutors had accused McKinnon of committing the biggest military computer hack of all time, after it emerged that he had hacked into 97 military and NASA systems between 2001 and 2002. He used the name 'Solo' during the 13-month hack attack.
A Wikipedia entry says the following: The US authorities claim he deleted critical files from operating systems, which shut down the US Army's Military District of Washington network of 2,000 computers for 24 hours, as well as deleting US Navy Weapons logs, rendering a naval base's network of 300 computers inoperable after the September 11th terrorist attacks. McKinnon is also accused of copying data, account files and passwords onto his own computer. US authorities claim the cost of tracking and correcting the problems he caused was over $700,000.
McKinnon, who was diagnosed with Asperger's in 2008, has said he was merely searching for evidence for UFOs and aliens. In a legal battle spanning a decade, several British courts have said they can't block the extradition process as it would be hard legally to do so under a US-UK extradition treaty signed in 2003.
MADISON, Wis. — An audit critical of the nonpartisan board that oversees ethics and elections in Wisconsin fueled calls Friday from Republicans to dismantle it, while Democrats said no such dramatic changes were needed.
The Government Accountability Board, unlike the widely panned Ethics and Elections boards that preceded it, is comprised of nonpartisan former judges. It handles both ethics and elections issues and has drawn the ire of both Democrats and Republicans over the years on a variety of issues.
Recent criticism focused on the board's decision to approve an investigation into alleged campaign finance violations by Gov. Scott Walker's recall committee in 2012 and more than two dozen conservative groups.
While the long-anticipated report pointed out a variety of problems, auditors did not recommend that the 6-year-old board be overhauled or dismantled. In fact, auditors suggested ways the Legislature could increase its authority over elections and improve its operations.
Still, that didn't stop Republicans who have been beating the drum to do away with the board to use the audit as further evidence to back up their position.
"The audit is another illustration of why we must change the GAB," Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos said in a statement. Vos has said he wants to oust the board's director, Kevin Kennedy, and possibly replace the board or lessen the influence of staff. Republican Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said last month he was looking into returning to a partisan model.
"We have long known that the GAB has exhibited some troubling inconsistencies in its oversight of election law and ethics requirements in Wisconsin in recent years," Fitzgerald said in a statement. "This audit affirms those concerns."
Walker's spokeswoman Laurel Patrick said the audit shows that the board is "ripe for reform" and the governor will be working with the Legislature on it.
Democrats, and Kennedy, rushed to the board's defense.
"This audit should not be used as a reason to dismantle this agency for partisan purposes," Assembly Democratic Minority Leader Peter Barça said in a statement.
Kennedy said that while the audit raised concerns, it did not target any of the core duties or performance of the board and its staff.
"By every objective measure that has been published since the board's inception, Wisconsin is a national leader in clean, fair and open elections, ethics, campaign finances and lobbying," he said in a statement.
The audit said that board staff did not consistently follow a penalty schedule for enforcing campaign finance, lobbying and code of ethics laws; did not conduct 16 reviews required by law over a four-year period to identify felons who may have voted illegally; and did not put in place written procedures for considering complaints.
Auditor Joe Chrisman noted that the audit was limited, however, because the attorney general determined in July that state law did not allow the board to turn over any of its investigatory records.
The audit recommends that the board improve how voter registration records are maintained, improve oversight of campaign finance, ethics and lobbying laws, and improve their procedures for considering complaints.
In his written response to the audit, Kennedy said it is impossible to fulfill the GAB's duties without more staff. He also said the board is in compliance with all but a handful of its 154 separate responsibilities required under the law.
The sports court satisfied the appeal in the case of Veerpalu vs. International Ski Federation (FIS) and overturned the Aug. 22, 2011 FIS decision that found the skier guilty of doping and banned him from competing, the Aivar Pilv law office representing Veerpalu said.
The publication of the decision was delayed because the rule is that decisions have to be first released by CAS itself, but the court's website suffered from an overload due to huge public interest, Veerpalu's representatives said.
The doping saga goes back to the end of January 2011 when officials from the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) took a post-training sample from Veerpalu, who was preparing at the time for the Oslo World Championship at Otepaa, Estonia. The positive result of the test for human growth hormone was initially kept secret from the public, with Veerpalu announcing that he would not take part in the championship and would end his career.
That both the A and B sample from Veerpalu had tested positive was announced at a press conference convened by the Estonian Ski Association in April 2011.
Let's see, this week, Donald Trump continued his public attacks on the family of a Muslim US Army Captain killed while serving in Iraq.
Trump made it clear that he is uninterested in GOP unity by announcing specifically that he is not supporting Paul Ryan or John McCain.
Airing of the famous Daisy political commercial by Democrats was made redundant when some source within the Trump Campaign leaked to Joe Scarborough the unsettling information that Donald Trump asked an unidentified foreign policy expert engaged in advising him, three times, why the US could not use nuclear weapons. That one made headlines all day yesterday.
The same RNC bigwigs who suppressed opposition and rammed the Trump nomination through the Convention two weeks ago, this week, are reportedly panicking.
Reince Priebus is described as “very frustrated” and “stressed,” because he is “running out of excuses” to offer party bigwigs about Trump's political incompetence and indifference to basic political norms. Republicans are panicking because Trump is frittering away a chance to defeat Hillary Clinton amid “self inflicted mistakes” and “missed opportunities.”
Trump is sinking in the polls. Even Fox News is giving Hillary a ten-point lead.
And it's only the beginning of August. The boxcar-loads of opposition research the Dems and their media allies have been saving up are still just sitting there, waiting to be unloaded and fired.
We are faced with two possibilities: either Donald Trump is such a spoiled and totally-deranged sociopathic narcissist that he is out of touch with reality, unadvisable and uncontrollable, and his personal dementia is causing him to self-destruct in the course of the campaign, or the Clinton-Trump Conspiracy Theory, the hypothesis that Trump was put up to all this by Bill Clinton as a diabolically-clever, Hail-Mary-Pass strategy to sabotage the Republican Party's nominating process and elect the hideously-unpopular Hillary in what-ought-to-have-been a Republican landslide victory year, is really true.
(NYM contemplated the Conspiracy theory as far back as February and found further evidence in May.)
There is no way to know the truth at present, but it's going to be interesting to watch events unfold.
Either way, whether Donald Trump is simply so nutsy-cuckoo that he can't help sabotaging himself, or whether he is throwing the election deliberately and intentionally, it is a sad commentary on all those loco-in-the-cabeza Trumpshirts out there that they have been themselves barking mad enough to pin their hopes and lend their support to a totally-unqualified, ethically-challenged, blowhard millionaire, who is dubiously Republican and obviously anything but a principled conservative. Don't blame National Review or the Conservative Movement for electing Hillary, when it was you who rejected all the decent, rational, conservative, and qualified GOP candidates and went whoring after a Reality-TV Celebrity Clown with a big mouth and a handful of airy promises and crackpot policy positions.
If you were just watching who comes in and out of an Army basketball game you might think that you accidentally went to the wrong arena. Complete line changes make it seems like a hockey game has broken out. The Black Knights' Zach Spiker has a 12-man rotation and it's not uncommon to see five new players take the court at once.
The antics of his fellow Patriot League head coach Fran O'Hanlon at Lafayette aren't quite the same. The Leopards' head coach shuffles guys in and out seemingly at every dead ball trying to get favorable match ups on offense and defense. Beset by injuries this season O'Hanlon is trying to maximize the pieces of his depleted roster.
These are the two most extreme cases – in fact they're more than three standard deviations away from college basketball's mean – but every coach is constantly substituting during a college basketball. In NCAA Division I teams substitute about four times every five minutes, or an average of 32 times during a full game. It doesn't have anything to do with team quality or pace either. It's purely the style of the head coach that really seems to influence.
Let's start with a simple question. How much do teams substitute during a game? Using the play-by-play logs available on the NCAA.org website I calculated the rate for each team. (*See below for the methodology.) Here's a histogram of the rounded totals for each team.
As you can see, while the average number of substitutions is 32 times per game, the most common number of subs a team makes in a game is around 29 (22 teams). There's more weight though towards the high end of the scale, especially due to two outliers, Army and Lafayette. Let's look at the extremes.
Most Subs Per Game:
Army: 67.8 Lafayette: 65.7 Central Michigan: 56.8 VCU: 53.9 Eastern Illinois: 53.7 Siena: 53.5 Hartford: 51.9 Lipscomb: 49.2 Manhattan: 48.9 Bakersfield: 48.1
Fewest Subs Per Game:
Grand Canyon: 14.5 American: 15.6 Oakland: 17.5 N.C. Central: 18.4 Lamar: 18.5 Texas Southern: 18.5 East Carolina: 18.6 Fordham: 18.7 IUPUI: 19.4 Coppin St.: 19.5
Yes, the Battle of the Bronx featured two teams at complete opposite ends of the spectrum. There's more than a 30 substitutions per game difference between Steve Masiello and Tom Pecora this season.
Pecora's options this season though are quite limited. The Rams have been beset by injuries and don't have that many scholarship players that Fordham feels comfortable having on the court for a long period of time. That probably plays into this number quite a bit. It's not that Pecora doesn't want to sub at least a little more, he just can't. (Grand Canyon – in its first season of Division I – is another example of this phenomenon.)
On the other end of the spectrum what drives a coach to sub a ton isn't necessarily obvious. Across Division I there's no statistically significant relationship between tempo and the average number of substitutions. Don't believe me? Check out this graph. The blob is super impressive.
There's also no relationship between the number of substitutions a team makes and how good it is (at least based on pythogorean expectation). Some good teams like Syracuse, Stanford and Iowa St. don't sub much at all. Others, such as VCU, Manhattan, Indiana St. and Indiana are in the Top 45 in terms of the number of subs they make per game and in KenPom's Top 100. I thought that there might potentially be a bell curve – where teams in the middle of pythagorean expectation would sub quite a bit – but that fails to occur. Basically, there are coaches that play it close to the vest and coaches that want to play a ton of players at all levels of Division I. Here's the graph showing that relationship:
Overall, it seems as if the number of substitutions a coach makes during a game is largely a matter of personal preference. One thing I have anecdotally noticed is overmatched teams scaling down their rotations in close games. For instance, St. Francis Brooklyn subs about 29 times per game, but only subbed 15 times when they were trying to upset Syracuse. I'd have to do further study to see if there's some sweet spot where that relationship actually exists.
Army and Lafayette are two huge outliers early in the season. Still, it's great that if Spiker and O'Hanlon want to shuffle players in and out faster than a Vegas dealer, they can. It's a unique quality of college basketball.
*Methodology: I built a script that pulls the substitutions for each game using text parsing of the HTML play-by-play logs available on NCAA.org. Here's the Battle of the Bronx example from earlier. Because the logs are based on StatCrew XML that's uploaded, the wording is standardized, which makes separating the substitutions a doable endeavor. The entire process takes a few hours (there are a lot of web pages to hit). Also, due to this data collection strategy, games that haven't been uploaded yet are (obviously) not included in the analysis. The data was as current as possible through Dec. 22 at 5 p.m. I've added a table below so you can see where your favorite team ranks and how many games were analyzed.
German publishers are not just fighting Google. They are fighting the link and thus the essence of the internet.
Half the major publishers in Germany have started a process of arbitration — which, no doubt, will lead to suits — to demand that Google Pay them for quoting from and thus linking to their content. And now we know how much they think they deserve: 11% of Google's revenue related to their snippets. From their government filing, they want a cut of “gross sales, including foreign sales” that come “directly and indirectly from making excerpts from online newspapers and magazines public.” [All these links are in German.]
Their demands are as absurd as they are cynical and dangerous. First, of course, Google is sending the publishers plenty of value as well. That is, Google is sending the publishers us: readers, customers, the public these news organizations allegedly want to serve. So what are we, chopped liver? I'll be posting an essay soon that argues that one reason media have a problem building new digital business models is that we still think value is intrinsic only in content; we have no marketplace and metrics for valuing the creation of an audience for it (now that those functions are unbundled). If the publishers really want a fair exchange of value, then they should also be paying Google for the links — the readers — it sends their way. But, of course, that would create a moral hazard and corrupt search; that Google does not charge for placement in search and Google News is precisely what set it apart from predecessors and built a valuable and trusted service.
Google is never going to pay for the right to quote and link to content. That would ruin not only its business but also the infrastructure of knowledge online. If we can find only the knowledge that pays to be found, then the net turns into … oh, I don't know, a newsstand?
The publishers aren't stupid. They realize these facts. That's what makes their action so cynical. They are trying to blackmail net companies in hopes of getting some payoff from them. They're not just going after Google but also Microsoft and Yahoo — though, interestingly, if a company has only a search engine, the publishers would charge them only a third of their tariff. That is to say, they want to go after the big net companies because they are big targets.
Earlier this month, I spoke at a Google Big Tent event in Berlin (Google paid my travel expenses; I do not accept other payment from Google) where a conservative member of parliament, Dorothee Bär, had the admirable guts to criticize these mostly conservative publishers for their efforts, telling them that she opposed passage of the law that is allowing this nonsense — a Leistungschutzrecht or ancillary copyright — and also warning them that a failing business model is no excuse to run to government begging for regulation. You'd think conservatives would agree about that. But that, again, is what makes the publishers' campaign so cynical.
Note, by the way, that Google does not place advertising on Google News. Are the publishers seeking 11% of 0? Note as well that there is data to say that longer samples of content could end up sending *more* traffic to creators (more on that, too, in a later post). These are facts that will need to be discussed in any suits.
Add all this to other attacks on Google by German media and politics against Google: the Verpixelungsrecht — right to be pixelated — in Google Street View and calls by German politicians to break up Google. Add to that as well the recent European court decision upholding a right to be forgotten and requiring Google to take down links to content that subjects don't like.
And I worry about the net. I worry about Europe and especially Germany about their efforts to protect the past. I'll likely write more about that as well later.
But, of course, these warriors do not speak for all of Germany or all of Europe. The instigators of the war include Axel Springer, Burda, WAZ, the Müncher Merkur, and others. But other major publishers — Spiegel Online, Handelsblatt.com, FAZ.net, Stern.de, Sueddeutsche.de and [cough] the new German edition of Huffington Post — have not joined the war. And there are politicians such as Bär and outgoing vice president of the European Commission Neelie Kroes who have the courage to defend the future. Here is Kroes the other day responding to strikes across Europe protesting the arrival of Über:
CSUN Asks Ex-Klansman Duke to Speak at Debate on Prop. 209
To treat Duke, a fringe candidate, as an expert on affirmative action "would discredit the university and degenerate into mindless political theater," said economics professor William Brown.
Proposition 209 on the November California ballot would outlaw such preferences by state and local government agencies.
Some of the approximately two dozen students and faculty members who spoke before the vote at the CSUN student union argued that because of his past association with the racist Klan, Duke was the wrong choice to represent conservatives on the issue, and that his presence would not foster greater understanding of the debate over ethnic and gender preferences in hiring, advancement and college admissions.
Duke, who will be paid $4,000 for his appearance Sept. 25, will be opposed by Joe Hicks, the Executive Director of the Los Angeles-based Multicultural Collaborative, who will receive $1,000, according to student representatives.
NORTHRIDGE — Rejecting critics' charges of "mindless political theater," the Cal State Northridge Student Senate voted Tuesday to invite Senate candidate David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, to debate affirmative action with a civil rights leader.
The student senators deadlocked 11-11 and the tie-breaking vote was cast by Student Senate President Vladimir Cerna.
"We seem to forget this is a university," Cerna said. "If you can't discuss these issues here, where can you do it?"
Three years ago, CSUN's Black Student Union drew fire from Jewish students and community leaders by inviting Minister Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam to speak on campus.
Some student speakers, citing past racial tension on the CSUN campus, suggested Duke's appearance could spark violence.
That drew objections from T. Fox, first vice president of the Black Student Union. Angered by what he said was the mistaken assumption that blacks would resort to violence to protest Duke's presence, Fox praised the Senate's decision.
The decision to invite Duke was criticized as "regrettable politics . . . on the students' part" by the office of Gov. Pete Wilson, who supports Proposition 209, which its backers call the California Civil Rights Initiative.
To cast Duke as a representative of Proposition 209 supporters is an attempt to taint the initiative as racist, said Sean Walsh, the governor's press secretary. "To equate the civil rights measure, an initiative that seeks to end discrimination, with a racist like David Duke is an outrage," he said.
The Duke invitation has become involved in the debate over using compulsory student fees to pay controversial speakers whose political or social views may be opposed by many students.
Legislation is expected to be introduced in the next session of the Legislature to allow students to get a refund for the portion of their fees that go to political or ideological causes they disagree with, said David Reed, chief of staff to the chairman of the Assembly Budget Subcommittee on Education and Finance, which has jurisdiction over the issue.
"There's a vast difference between the people they say they invited [to oppose affirmative action] and David Duke, an ex-Klansman" Reed said. "It's a transparent effort to move a political agenda using student fees. That's not appropriate and the public will see it for what it is."
Cerna said the student group had tried to get other speakers to represent the anti-affirmative action side, but was unable to do so.
"We sent faxes and letters to many participants," he said. "The majority had scheduling conflicts. We tried to be flexible. Everyone kept turning us down. The only person that stuck with us was Mr. Duke."
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich set the record straight in an interview with National Public Radio on Wednesday, saying that there is an entrenched left-wing establishment at the Department of Justice that is running the agency and its investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and the Trump campaign's connection to it following Attorney General Jeff Session's recusal in the matter.
Morning Edition host Rachel Martin began the interview by playing a sound byte of President Donald Trump saying he is “disappointed” in Sessions during a joint press conference on Tuesday with the Lebanese prime minister.
Martin asked Gingrich about his recent conversation with the president, which included speaking about Sessions.
“Well, I think the president's deeply troubled,” Gingrich said. “And I think that he's legitimately troubled.
“The Justice Department is a extraordinarily left-wing institution,” Gingrich said. “Ninety-seven percent of its donations went to Hillary Clinton.
“It has an embedded bureaucracy, which was captured very, very well by Sidney Powell in her book Licensed To Lie.” Gingrich said. “And I think that he's deeply troubled by the entire way that both Comey and Mueller have operated and the degree to which the attorney general has not exercised any authority over that. So…”
As the interview continued Gingrich called the investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller a “fishing expedition.”
And when Martin said it would be “suspect” if there were no investigation, the following exchange took place:
Gingrich: Of course it's suspect to you. But isn't it equally suspect to you that 97 percent of the donations by people employed at Justice went to Hillary Clinton and that, in terms of Mueller's law firm, it was 99.82 percent went to Hillary Clinton? And in terms of the people he's been hiring, these are paid killers. If you read Sidney Powell's book about the Enron case, you will see these names coming up. And these are people who the Supreme Court…
Martin: But Jeff…
Gingrich: …By a 9-0 vote rebuked.
Martin: So Jeff Sessions, though, is not a liberal by any stretch of the imagination.
Gingrich: No, and…
Martin: He's not a Democrat. And he's the leader of that department.
Gingrich: But no, he's – that's the whole point that Trump is making, is that he stepped aside. And therefore, he's not the leader of the department. A career Justice Department person is the leader of the department. And it's a department whose culture's very liberal — a department whose culture's very anti-Trump. And the…
Martin: So you're suggesting that the president hire an attorney general who would plant and insert an entire department full of Republicans? That seems to be antithetical to the department's entire raison d'etre, which is to be above partisan politics.
Gingrich: Yeah, and if you believe that, you live in a fantasy land. If you believe the Justice Department does not have a deep cultural bias and you believe that the average conversation in the Justice Department is not anti-Trump, you're just living in a fantasy land. And that — and that's the president's frustration.
Look, he doesn't expect the attorney general to single-handedly change everything. He doesn't expect the attorney general to, in any way, impede the law. But let me go back to the original thing. I'm personally appalled, as a former speaker of the House, that neither the House nor the Senate judiciary committee have asked Rosenstein, the person who's in charge of this investigation…
Martin: He's the deputy attorney general.
Gingrich: The deputy attorney general — a couple of simple questions. What is the crime which Mueller's investigating? Tell us what the code is that has been violated that he's investigating. Second, why would he hire only anti-Trump lawyers?
Martin: I mean, we should say…
Gingrich: These are legitimate questions that need to be answered.
Martin: We should say that it is — you can't demonstrate that these are anti-Trump lawyers. It is…
Gingrich: Oh, give me a break.
Martin: It is true that there are…
Gingrich: Give me a break.
At the conclusion of the interview Gingrich said he believed the Mueller investigation was aimed directly at Trump.
“And there's no question in my mind,” Gingrich said. “Mueller's brought in killers. Those killers are going to go out and find somebody. These are not the kind of lawyers who are inclined to be neutral.”
Gingrich also said Sessions should keep his job.
“Well, I think he should keep Jeff Sessions,” Gingrich said. “And I think he ought to quit publicly maligning him. I think that Jeff Sessions, in fact, was one of his earliest and most loyal supporters. I think Jeff Sessions is a solid conservative.
“So I think Sessions should stay,” Gingrich said.
Immediately following the interview, Martin brought in NPR Senior Political Editor Domenico Montanaro to “unpack” what Gingrich had said. Montanaro volunteered:
Well, if you believe Newt Gingrich, you would believe that there's a conspiracy against Donald Trump within all levels of government, in particular at the Justice Department, which he called very liberal or having a culture that is very liberal. You know, I think most Republicans on Capitol Hill would probably disagree with him, especially when it comes to Robert Mueller. As you pointed out, Robert Mueller has been a registered Republican.
“But donations themselves don't necessarily equate to an ethical conflict of interest,” Montanaro said. “And they aren't even donations from Mueller himself. There were donations from people that Mueller worked with. But that's how conspiracies work.
“You sort of have guilt by association when it comes to whether or not you see conflict or at least try to muddy the waters,” Montanaro said. “I think, you know, in addition to our audience, his other audience for Newt Gingrich was President Trump and for somebody trying to sell books, to be perfectly honest.”
NEW questions are being raised over the actions of DUP ministers towards the Irish language while in government.
Documents have emerged showing the extent to which Arlene Foster and her special adviser intervened in a policy row over Irish language tourism signs.
It has also emerged that the outgoing DUP Communities Minister Paul Givan did not carry out a key government equality test before ordering a controversial cut to the Líofa Irish language scheme in December.
Within weeks Mr Givan restored the £50,000 bursary scheme for individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds who wish to learn Irish, saying he did so because he did not want Sinn Féin using it as a “political weapon”, though the absence of an equality screening assessment has now been confirmed.
Meanwhile, former First Minister Arlene Foster has been linked to an Irish language row, as has her former ministerial adviser Andrew Crawford, who recently resigned over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal.
They are shown to have intervened in requests for Irish language tourism signs from two local councils while Mrs Foster was at the helm of the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment (DETI), advising the Northern Ireland Tourist Board (NITB) to refuse to fund the signs and adhere instead to its policy on using English.
An email from Mrs Foster's private secretary said: “Please note that the Minister has instructed that NITB policy...should be adhered to and that NITB should not consider funding bilingual signage outside of this policy.”
The information on both issues was secured by civil liberties group, the Committee on the Administration of Justice (CAJ) and comes as equality issues are central to the political crisis that has forced the collapse of the Stormont Assembly.
Former DUP special adviser Andrew Crawford
PAPER TRAIL OF BILINGUAL SIGNS ROW
The dispute over Irish language signs stemmed from plans by Down District Council and Newry and Mourne District Council to erect bilingual tourism information panels along St Patrick's Christian Heritage Trail.
In 2010 both councils sought to erect signs in both English and Irish along the route of the signature tourism project. The signs were to be funded by the then Northern Ireland Tourist Board (NITB).
The board, however, subsequently ruled out the possibility of funding bilingual signage and cited a policy for ‘English only' signs, except where an attraction was already named and known in the Irish language.
Documents show that Mrs Foster, who was DETI minister at the time with responsibility for tourism, became involved in correspondence with the NITB over the dispute.
The DUP denied there was any controversy in her involvement and told The Detail: "The signage in question was funded by the Northern Ireland Tourist Board and Arlene Foster, as the Minister, instructed that NITB policy should be adhered to."
But documentation obtained by CAJ after lengthy Freedom of Information challenge against NITB has shed fresh light on the language row.
Extensive correspondence between DETI officials and the tourist board includes emails from Minister Foster's DETI office and her special adviser, Andrew Crawford.
On December 23, 2010, Mr Crawford sent an email to Mrs Foster and a second individual whose name has been redacted.
Mr Crawford wrote: “At Monday night's meeting of Down council a long debate took place regarding signs for 14 locations on what is known as the St Patrick's Trail.
“These places are in North Down, Ards, Down and Newry and Mourne district council areas.
“They are grant aided by the Tourism Board and NIEA [Northern Ireland Environmental Agency].
“While it was originally intended that all the signs would have the same design Down and Newry and Mourne have unilaterally decided to have these in Irish and English.
“Can you check if we are funding Irish signs through the NITB?
“Is there anything in the letter of offer to prevent bilingual signs going up?
“Would be grateful if you can query this.”
An email sent by Andrew Crawford to DUP leader Arlene Foster.
The identity of the second person in receipt of the email was withheld so it is unclear if it was sent to a department official or to someone in NITB, or elsewhere. But a subsequent letter written by the Tourist Board refers to “a request from Andrew Crawford in December 2010 about whether NITB was funding Irish signs”.
Three weeks after Mr Crawford's email of December 2010, a further email was sent from Mrs Foster's office by her Private Secretary.
The correspondence dated January 11, 2011, was sent to the then NITB chief executive and copied to her special advisor Andrew Crawford, the Permanent Secretary, Deputy Secretary, and another DETI official.
The two sentence email read: “Please note that the Minister has instructed that NITB policy as outlined in the attached paper should be adhered to and that NITB should not consider funding bilingual signage outside of this policy.”
It ended: “Grateful if this could be disseminated to the appropriate personnel within NITB.”
An email sent from Arlene Foster's office when she was DETI Minister.
The attachment to the email recounted the dispute with the councils and signalled that NITB's language policy was drawn from an agreement around the use of language on road signs.
NITB's policy stance, however, came under the spotlight two months later when the Committee on the Administration of Justice sought clarification from the tourism board on the “basis, scope and lawfulness” of what the civil liberties group described as a “largely unwritten policy”.
Over the next year the CAJ queries were followed by considerable correspondence between the tourism board and DETI over the policy wrangle.
That correspondence has now also been released and shows how the department and the tourist board debated which of them had taken the lead on the policy decision.
A letter from NITB in October 2012 stated: “NITB received a Departmental direction on this issue on 13th September as follows `The Department considers that NITB should respond along the lines of the approach outlined in point (i) - [Do not formalise a policy, but stand over the current approach. This could involve the inclusion of a Human Rights Impact Assessment proforma into the current Equality Screening procedures going forward;].
“This provides useful clarification following the Ministerial Direction received on 11th January 2011 that NITB should adhere to the following and `should not consider funding bilingual signage outside of this policy'.”
The word ‘following' referred to an additional section of the letter that recounted the history of the signage row, stated a desire for signage that is `clear, not confusing', and repeated the convention where road signs were in English unless an attraction was already known by an Irish name.
The tourist board letter ended: “We therefore accept the Ministerial Direction and subsequent Departmental Direction and clarification.”
The department later wrote to NITB denying any directions: “You use the word ‘direction' both in relation to [name of Deti official] letter of 13 September and the email from the minister's private secretary on 11 January 2011. I do not consider either of these as formal ‘directions' and they should not be treated as such. Nevertheless I accept that they are communications from the department in which we sought to give advice.”
The department's letter further stated that in January 2011 Minister Foster was “simply stating that NITB should keep to its existing policy and not stray outside it.”
Following questions from The Detail, the Department of Economy repeated that no ministerial and departmental directions were issued.
The CAJ, however, called for further clarification.
The CAJ's Daniel Holder said: “The paper trail shows both the board and department sought to pass the buck to each other with the Board insisting it had received a Ministerial Direction and DETI insisting it had not.
“The Department also told the board to stand over their policy approach but not to formalise it into a policy. Given this, they were hardly confident themselves.”
In 2014 a Council of Europe Committee of Experts on the European Charter of regional and minority languages subsequently raised concerns over the policy position taken in Northern Ireland on bilingual signage.
In a report in January 2014 the Committee of Experts on the Charter urged authorities in Northern Ireland “to provide concrete and detailed information regarding the reported decisions by the DRD (Department of Regional Development) Minister not to introduce bilingual signage, and the refusal of the Tourist Board to do so, which appear to be an infringement of the Charter”.
Since then a new policy on signage at tourist attractions and facilities was introduced for the first time in October 2014. The policy was agreed by Transport NI (previously known as Roads Service), Tourism NI (formerly NITB), and DETI. There is no mention of language provisions in the policy.
Tourism NI failed to respond to a series of questions on the policy issue and whether there are language provisions for tourism signage. The Department of Economy, which is responsible for tourism, also failed to clarify the current policy position.
On March 23, 2015, Sinn Féin MLA Caitríona Ruane tabled an Assembly Question on NITB legal fees over “challenges which were made against their decision to fund English only signage in the Downpatrick area”.
The department answered: “It is not possible to disaggregate legal costs by geographic area. Legal advice taken by Tourism NI in relation to language policy and associated issues amounted to £13,500.”
DUP leader Arlene Foster and Comunities Minister Paul Givan.
LÍOFA U-TURN
Two days before Christmas DUP Communities Minister Paul Givan confirmed the withdrawal of a £50,000 grant scheme which allowed people from disadvantaged backgrounds to attend summer lessons at Gaeltacht areas of Donegal where Irish is the main language spoken.
The decision drew widespread criticism and three weeks later Mr Givan u-turned on the plan to close the Líofa Gaeltacht Bursary Scheme and said he had “identified the necessary funding to advance the scheme”.
Mr Givan announced his discovery of new funding on Twitter and later denied that the original decision had been politically-motivated.
Communities Minister Paul Givan's announced the reinstatement of the bursary on Twitter.
But now The Detail can reveal that the Department for Communities (DfC) failed to assess how closing the fund would affect the promotion of equal opportunities in Northern Ireland.
The Department for Communities confirmed the failure in a letter to the CAJ dated January 13, 2017 which was the day after Mr Givan's u-turn.
The letter, seen by The Detail, said: “I can confirm that no equality screening assessment was undertaken on the decision to discontinue the Gaeltacht Bursary Scheme.”
It added: “There is no recurring budget attached to the scheme, and a decision on whether or not to continue the scheme is taken annually and is always subject to resources becoming available.
“Given the anticipated budget reductions, and the fact that Líofa target of 20,000 people pledged to learn Irish by 2020 having been substantially achieved, the scheme was discontinued.”
The failure to complete an equality screening was confirmed in a letter to the CAJ.
In a document published by the Department for Communities in May 2016 it stated it would carry out equality screening to assess the impact of any policy changes, referring to any “strategy, policy initiative or practice and/or decision”.
A spokesperson for the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland said public bodies have a statutory duty to “have due regard to the need to promote equality of opportunity and regard the desirability of promoting good relations”.
According to the commission an equality screening exercise is one of the tools a public body can use to ensure that they are meeting these obligations.
The commission added: “Changes to the delivery of functions should be planned and decided upon based on all the relevant factors, including the proper consideration of the need to promote equality of opportunity and desirability of promoting good relations.”
Both the DUP and the Department of Communities declined to comment on the information being reported by The Detail.
CAJ's Daniel Holder said: “There are further questions as to compliance with the ministerial code, the substantive equality duties and other matters that should be clarified by the release of the paper trail that should show what happened.”
Click here to see coverage of this story by our sister publication Meon Eile.
Folks have been sending around a supposed- New York Times article from 1924 about Adolf Hitler.
The article claims that Hitler was released from prison “tamed,” and was expected to retire to Austria, a chastened man.
Yeah, not so much.
Well, I did a bit of googling, and the story is for real.
Here's the clip:
Hitler Tamed by Prison
Released on Parole, He is Expected to Return to Austria. Berlin. Dec. 20 (1924) — Adolph Hitler, once the demi-god of the reactionary extremists, was released from imprisonment at Fortress Landsberg, Bavaria, today and immediately left in an auto for Munich. He looked a much sadder and wiser man today than last Spring when he, with Ludendorff and other radical extremists, appeared before a Munich court charged with conspiracy to overthrow the government. His behavior during imprisonment convinced the authorities that, like his political organization, known as the Völkischer, was no longer to be feared. It is believed he will retire to private life and return to Austria, the country of his birth.
And here's the proof – from the NYT's own long-term archive that I just searched:
Follow @aravosis
(I'm told that in order to better see my Facebook posts in your feed, you need to “follow” me.)
A British tourist has been arrested in Dubai for an offensive gesture By Siobhan Downes
Here's why you should never let road rage get the better of you…
A British tourist is facing jail after he raised his middle finger at a driver on Dubai's Al Khail Road.
Jamil Ahmed Mukadam, from Leicester, told the BBC he reacted “in frustration” when the driver cut him off in traffic.
The incident occurred in February, but the IT worker was arrested when he returned to Dubai for a second holiday on September 10.
According to the BBC, his passport has been confiscated and he has been told he must remain in the city to await a court hearing.
**ALSO READ: 7 things you might not realise can get you into trouble in the UAE**
Legal experts say he could be fined, or face anywhere from one to six months in prison.
Dubai Police said in a statement it had arrested a British national for an “offensive road gesture”, after receiving an official complaint.
The complainant was with his family at the time, and considered the act a “disrespectful and humiliating gesture” towards him and his family, Dubai Police said.
“Dubai Police assures all visitors, expats and citizens they are equal before law and reiterates its commitment to transparency in such cases.”
If you're ever unsure about the laws in the UAE, you can read much of the Emirates' legislation (it's broken up by topic) here. Also, each Ministry has the laws related to them on their website (so, for instance, the Ministry of Labour's site has a lot of information on the Labour Law).
**NOW READ: Five hand gestures you need to know when living in the UAE**
– For more about Dubai straight to your newsfeed, follow us on Facebook.
Selecting Boys Over Girls Is A Trend In More And More Countries
Enlarge this image Hanna Barczyk for NPR Hanna Barczyk for NPR
In animal husbandry, the word "cull" means to remove undesirable animals from the herd — the scrawny and the sickly. To hear the word applied to human beings is harsh, but that's just how Valerie Hudson, professor in the Department of International Affairs at Texas A&M University, means it when talking about the growing worldwide trend of families — largely in Asia, Southeastern Europe, the Middle East and some parts of Africa — to have sons rather than daughters.
"This is a very troubling turn, that in the 21st century the culling of females is once again becoming more prevalent worldwide," she wrote in an email interview.
Nature favors boys at birth, with a consistent worldwide gender ratio of about 105-107 males born for every 100 females. But females eventually catch up. Girls have greater resistance to disease right from the start; they don't take as many risks, from playfully jumping out of trees to drinking and driving; they're less likely to fight in wars or barrooms; and overall women live longer than do men. In developed countries, like the U.S., the U.K., and Canada, women begin outnumbering men at about age 55.
So in the natural course of things, the male advantage in numbers decreases over a lifetime, with women ultimately gaining the advantage in numbers.
But in some countries the balance is tipped unnaturally toward an overabundance of boys, an imbalance that is likely to last through the reproductive years. Several things have combined to lead to what researchers call "missing women." Many countries have a deep-seated cultural preference for sons over daughters. Inexpensive blood tests that can determine the sex of a fetus as early as seven weeks have been developed. And countries around the world have imported ultrasound equipment. "Ultrasound is available even in very poor countries," says Hudson. "The Chinese government actually imported ultrasound machines mounted on carts in the 20th century, so that even the most remote village would have access to this technology."
In 1995, only six countries had such a marked imbalance of boys to girls. Today, 21 countries have a skewed sex ratio favoring boys. The growth of gender imbalance in only two decades points to widespread acceptance of modern technology that can predict the sex of the fetus, according to Hudson.
Technology has enabled even the poorest of countries to bypass the natural gender balance. "It's largely due to the abortion of females," says Hudson. "But it's also due to passive neglect, such as underfeeding, underimmunization, and failing to take girls to the doctor when they're sick." Abortions of females can happen before anyone in the community notices a pregnancy, she says. And when girls are abandoned or neglected so severely that they die, it often doesn't create much of a stir among people who understand the preference for boys. "No one raises it as a public issue within the community, so while it's not secret, it isn't commented upon," says Hudson.
The result of sex-selective abortions, infanticide and neglect of baby girls, according to the United Nations Population Fund, is more than 117 million "missing" females in Asia alone, and many more around the world.
And for every missing woman, there is a surplus man who will never establish a family. "Men are unable to marry," Hudson says, and frustrated, single men are more likely get into trouble. "It leads to instability. In masculinized societies, there are issues such as rising violent crime rates, increasing rates of gang activity and rebel group activity, increasing prostitution and trafficking, and greater constraints on the movement of women."
One country with a tradition of preferring male offspring has successfully corrected the imbalance. "South Korea is the only country I know of that has clawed back its abnormal sex ratios back to the normal range," says Hudson. And it did this not by trying to change culture, tradition, hearts or minds — but by changing laws. In South Korea, sons were responsible for performing ancestral rites and for the care and support of elderly parents. When the government began promoting a two-child norm in the 1970s, Hudson wrote in Foreign Policy, the ratio of boys to girls climbed to a peak of 116.5 to 100 in 1990. That's when the South Korean government began to overhaul laws that favored sons. Women gained full rights in inheritance and in heading families. The government enforced a ban on prenatal sex testing. A pension system was established so that neither sons nor daughters were fully responsible for the care of the elderly. And today, South Korea's ratio of boys to girls reflects nature's average.
But a growing number of countries continue traditions, policies and practices that favor sons over daughters. "These trends do not bode well for the stability and security of nations, regions and even the international system," says Hudson. "There is a real price to be paid for the devaluation of female life."
2. How Big Is the Internet Economy?
As an industry, the Internet contributes more to the typical developed economy than mining, utilities, agriculture, or education. In Sweden, fully one-third of economic growth in the five years leading up to the recession came from Internet activities. For the entire G-8, the average was 21 percent. In an analysis of France since the mid-1990s, McKinsey found that the Internet created more than twice the number of jobs it destroyed.
Much of the Internet's contribution to our lives is nearly impossible to measure. For example, I use email. How much is that worth to me? I can't even begin to say. I read hundreds of news sources a day. What is that worth to me, or to the news organizations? Pricing this kind of thing is exhausting to think about. But since analyzing what the rest of us find "exhausting to think about" is McKinsey's job, their researchers looked at the "consumer surplus" of the Internet, concluding that the total annual benefit to the United States comes out to $64 billion.
3. Where Is the Internet Economy Growing Fastest?
The United States is the world leader in the online industry, grabbing 30 percent of global Internet revenues. But the UK is the world leader in online retail. The British spent $2,535 on e-stuff in 2009, more than twice the average of the world's largest countries and still 1.4 times the amount of the typical U.S. shopper. Sweden leads the world in Internet's contribution to GDP. Fully 6.3 of the country's economy is online -- twice Germany, France or India. In Russia, the Internet contributes not even one percent of GDP.
China and India have a peculiar Internet economy -- in addition to the fastest growing Internet sectors. They are the only countries that McKinsey studied where private consumers didn't make up a majority of the industry. Instead, both countries rely on exporting online services for a plurality of their economies.
________________
*This post originally referred to a 200-billion-person global economy. We regret the typo.
>
A special counsel appointed to investigate questionable financial dealings involving President Carter's family peanut warehouse has concluded that there is no basis for criminal prosecution.
Making public a 180-page report on the multimillion-dollar loan package that the National Bank of Georgia provided to the warehouse, Special Counsel Paul J. Curran said yesterday that "no indictment can or should be brought against anyone."
However, the Curran report cites numerous irregularities in the transactions between Carter's warehouse and the bank. The loans, which eventually grew to a total of $6.5 million, were first extended in June 1975 when the National Bank of Georgia was run by Bert Lance, who later became President Carter's first budget director.
The report cited repeated instances of checks written on a Carter warehouse account at the bank without sufficient funds to back them up, the removal of collateral in violation of the terms of the NHG loans, bookkeeping irregularities at the bank and other violations of the loan agreements between NBG and the warehouse.
The biggest loan, extended so that the warehouse could buy unshelled peanuts for its sheller, was continually short of collateral "except for a brief period" in 1975, the report said. During one seven-week period in the spring of 1976, the warehouse owed as much as $1,150,000 to NBG without having any peanuts under bond -- as it had agreed to do -- to secure the debt.
Speaking at a news conference at the Justice Department, Curran said that the "two basic issues" of his investigation were whether any money was diverted illegally from the warehouse to Jimmy Carter's 1976 presidential campaign and whether any federal crimes were committed in the handling of several large loans from NBG to the warehouse.
The special counsel said, "No evidence whatsoever was discovered that any monies were diverted from the warehouse into the campaign."
As for whether any criminal charges were warranted, Curran said "the answer is also a clear no."
During the course of the inquiry, which began last March, Curran and his team of investigators questioned President Carter under oath for four hours. Curran said he believed it was the first time in history that a president in office had given a deposition in a criminal case.
Curran also told reporters that the president had to "bail out" the family business in the fall of 1977 from Carter Farms Inc., a separate corporation managed by Carter's trustee, Charles Kirbo. The president owns 91 percent of that business.
The six-month investigation was conducted before a federal grand jury in Atlanta. The team of attorneys and accountants reviewed about 80,000 documents and interviewed scores of witnesses.
Curran estimated that the investigation cost the government about $360,000. The former U. S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, who was appointed special counsel March 20, said he expects to return to private practice in Manhattan today.
The report makes clear that the Cartr warehouse, which was run by the president's brother, Billy, until September 1977, had trouble repaying the NBG loan from the beginning.
The report noted that "Billy Carter wrote checks drawn on the NBG account payable to NBG, without having sufficient funds in the account."
The bank, for its part, "honored those checks and others to third parties, thereby causing overdrafts in the warehouse checking account."
At one point, on July 12, 1976, NBG reduced the loan outstanding by $204,064, because of a "customer paydown." Curran's investigators found that no such reduction had occurred but there were "no documents establishing who caused this entry to be made," the report said.
On another issue, Curran concluded that Billy Carter neither pledged the same collateral twice, nor sold off peanuts securing the NBG loan in April and May 1976, as former Carter warehouseman Jimmy Hayes told The Washington Post in March.
In fact there were no bonded peanuts on hand from March 23 to mid-May of 1976 to secure the outstanding loan the report notes. As a result, there was no collateral at the warehouse that could have been pledged during that period.
It was Hayes' statements that in part triggered the investigation.
Curran said that the only person who might have been vulnerable to criminal prosecution was a low-level NBG employe. But, he said, that employe was given immunity from prosecution in return for his testimony. Curran said he probably would not have prosecuted the bank employe in any case.
President Carter, attending a Democratic Party reception yesterday in Harvey, Ill., told reporters: "I'm glad they have completed their investigation." Asked how he felt about being declared "clean", Carter replied: "I knew it all the time."
The investigation also examined whether the Gerald Rafshoon Advertising Agency, which handled Jimmy Carter's 1976 primary campaign, received monies outside of the campaign which it used to extend credit to the campaign itself.
From a review of the Rafshoon agency's records, investigators concluded that the Carter campaign paid enough money to the agency to account for its campaign expenditures "at any given time."
The report shows that at least one NBG loan officer, Robert Flynt, who was in charge of the Carter warehouse account, was troubled by Billy Carter's business practices, especially in releasing peanuts from the warehouse without simultanously repaying the bank, as the loan agreement required. In a June 7, 1977, letter to Billy Carter, Flynt said:
"We are holding approximately $400,000 in warehouse releases with no funds to cover these releases. You should release no additional peanuts until sufficient funds are in the bank to cover all releases."
In a handwritten footnote, the banker added: "Please try to keep us in balance. We must have funds in the bank or coming to the bank within a day or two to cover releases!"
The report also suggests that the President, as a partner in the warehouse, may have to pay additional income taxes for 1975, 1976, and 1977. Carter warehouse income statements recored the purchase and sale of hundreds of thousands of pounds of peanuts in the wrong years, according to the report. A correct accounting could change the taxes due for the years in question.
"If additional taxes are due, they will of course be paid," said White House spokesman Rex Granum. He said it was still too early to determine the effect the investigation findings would have on the president's tax liability.
In addition to the public report, which was sent to Congress, Curran submitted a secret 239-page version, including grand jury testimony, to Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti. Curran said this could be released if Congress insists on it.
You know what really grinds my gears? When miniature desk sets sold on Amazon are so convincing they trick me into thinking they're real desk sets for living human children.
That, apparently, was the overwhelming reaction to the “HASEGAWA 62001 1/12 School Desk & Chair - figure accessories,” a $10 item sold on Amazon by Toy Shop Japan Hobbyone. The listing is full of reviews by angry customers who, despite the description, price, photo, and FAQs, which all make it very clear what is for sale, didn't realize they were getting toy desks and chairs.
Advertisement
As first pointed out on Twitter by @pcsegal, more than half the reviews gave the item one measly star, and the bulk of those reviews are some version of, “What is this, a center for ants?” While the possibility exists that some of them are just trolling, the complaints are spaced out over enough time that most are probably legitimate.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Please note that the reviews come after it has been made very clear exactly what is for sale:
Advertisement
Ah, capitalism.
[h/t @pcsegal on Twitter]
In a significant setback for marriage equality, the Texas Supreme Court has allowed the denial, for now, of spousal benefits for government employees in same-sex marriages.
The nine-member, all-Republican court ruled unanimously on a case that began after Houston's first openly gay mayor, Annise Parker, granted spousal benefits in 2013 to city government employees who had been legally married outside of the state. Shortly after, a suit accused Houston of violating Texas law, which still banned same-sex marriages. A state trial court agreed with Pidgeon and reversed Parker's order.
But when Texas legally recognized gay marriage after the U.S. Supreme Court 2015 decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, spousal benefits were again extended to city government employees.
Now, the state's high court — which first declined to hear Pidgeon's appeal before reversing itself at the urging of prominent state Republicans — has ruled that the U.S. Supreme Court decision “did not hold that states must provide the same publicly funded benefits to all married persons.” The Texas high court instructed the trial court to reconsider Pidgeon's lawsuit with that guidance in mind.
The screenwriter, director and author of “Sick in the Head: Conversations About Life and Comedy,” owns a lot of books. “I have actually convinced myself that buying books is the same as reading.”
What books are currently on your night stand?
“So You've Been Publicly Shamed,” by Jon Ronson. So I can avoid being publicly shamed. “The Teenage Brain,” by Frances Jensen, because I am trying to understand why everyone is always crying in my house. “The Places That Scare You,” by Pema Chodron, because I am trying to understand why I am always crying.
Who is your favorite novelist of all time?
F. Scott Fitzgerald. I especially like his book of short stories about a struggling, broken-down screenwriter called “The Pat Hobby Stories.” They are bitter and hilarious. For some reason, people rarely mention how he also was a brilliant writer of comedy.
Whom do you consider the best writers — novelists, essayists, critics, journalists, poets — working today?
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of nuns is kicking against social norms by growing MARIJUANA at their convent - and selling it for medical purposes.
But their healthcare remedies are under threat thanks to removal from a popular online store.
The Sisters of the Valley are a sisterhood based in Merced, California who are not Catholic or traditionally religious, but consider themselves nuns.
The licensed medical marijuana growers grow the plants in accordance with lunar cycles and create organic health remedies to treat back pain , migraines and even hangovers.
Read more:
But even though the nuns - Sister Kate, whose real name is Christine Meeusen, and Sister Darcy, aka 24-year-old Darcy Johnson - have made money from the enterprise, they are now under threat after Etsy withdrew their shop from online.
(Image: Sisters of the Valley)
Another threat is coming from the California municipalities who are considering a cultivation ban that would make their enterprise illegal.
"We had a dream of living a simple life, making our medicines on a quiet farm, in a spiritual environment, and being self-sustaining," they explain on a GoFundMe site set up to raise money to help save their business.
(Image: Sisters of the Valley)
"We worked toward that goal and just as the New Year began, we had a steady income from the store sales and a farmette to occupy."
According to the nuns, Etsy say they have removed the shop, which was earning £28,000 a month, because the sisters make health claims about their products, and it's meant their cashflow has been temporarily halted.
(Image: Sisters of the Valley)
“We make CBD oil, which takes away seizures and a million other things,” Sister Kate told ABC.
“It's very high in demand from cancer patients right now. And we make a salve that's a multi-purpose salve, but we found out it cures migraines, hangovers, earaches, toothaches and diaper rash.”
Mayor John Tory said Monday that he believes the city is making progress in tackling gridlock, but some drivers still haven't gotten the message about not obstructing busy downtown streets. The mayor made the comments following a four-day enforcement blitz by Toronto police last week that targeted drivers who block rush-hour routes in the city's core.
Toronto police issued 1,467 tickets during last week's blitz. ( Katrina Clarke / Toronto Star file photo )
According to police, over the course of the initiative, which focused on the area bounded by Bloor St., Front St., Parliament St. and Dufferin St., officers issued 1,467 tickets and towed 298 vehicles. The crackdown between last Tuesday and Friday was the third such blitz police have carried out since January 2015, when Tory announced a zero-tolerancepolicy for blocking rush-hour routes. Speaking to reporters at the intersection of Front and York Sts. on Monday morning, Tory said the high number of tags and tows showed that “we're making some progress” on improving traffic conditions, “but that we've got a long way to go.”
Article Continued Below
Tory, who made fighting gridlock a central plank of his 2014 mayoral campaign, said “it's obvious that some people still haven't got the message in terms of changing their behaviours.” “People just have to know they can't just walk into a Tim Hortons to get a cup of coffee, or can't just go in to get their dry cleaning. It disrupts thousands of people literally when they do that, to convenience themselves for a few minutes, and we just can't have that kind of behaviour continuing,” he said.
The mayor didn't provide any empirical evidence that the crackdowns have helped alleviate congestion. He said the city only recently started to track traffic flow using sophisticated data and it was too soon to draw conclusions. But he stated that stepped-up enforcement would serve as a strong deterrent to drivers who illegally block streets. “I think when you have your car towed away it would be unlikely, unless you're really dumb, that you'd do that again.” According to the police, officers gave out fewer tickets last week than the previous rush-hour blitz, which took place over five days last October. During that crackdown police issued 2,078 tickets and towed 406 vehicles.
Between January and August of this year, police gave out 54,206 tickets for rush-hour offences and towed 12,595 vehicles. That's fewer than the 56,494 tickets they issued over the same period in 2015, but they towed fewer cars during the first eight months of last year — a total of 11,234. Both years saw significant increases compared with the first eight months of 2014, when police wrote 42,152 rush-hour tickets and towed 5,790 vehicles.
Article Continued Below
Although the traffic blitzes have become a feature of the first two years of Tory's administration, the mayor asserted that in the long term, the “real solution” to Toronto's congestion problems depends on adding capacity to the transit system and facilitating active transportation such as cycling and walking. Before his press conference Monday, the mayor took a ride in a news helicopter to observe traffic patterns from the sky. He said that he checked in on the newly installed Bloor St. bike lane pilot project and that “traffic seemed to be moving fairly well” along the street.
Read more about:
Taiwan-based Smartphone curator ASUS on Thursday unveiled the ZenFone 4 Selfie Series Android smartphones featuring high-quality, dual front-facing cameras and intuitive yet powerful image processing software aimed at the selfie buffs.
The all-new Selfie Master app lets users apply real-time beautification effects to selfies, videos, and live-streams, and the cameras' beauty mode enables professional-quality adjustments - such as skin softening, eye enhancement and facial-feature balancing - with just a few taps. With its combination of dual cameras and beautification features, the ZenFone 4 Selfie Series provides the best all-round selfie photography experiences.
"Today, clicking a selfie is about more than just the likes and retweets. It is about keeping a journal of cherished memories and capturing treasured moments with loved ones. We understand the importance of making that perfect we-statement every time, anywhere, so we bring to you ZenFone 4 Selfie series. With beautification built into everything, Zenfone 4 Selfie series is the best way to click #TheBigSelfie," said Peter Chang, Regional Head, South Asia and Country Head, System Business Group - ASUS India.
Three new flagship devices were unveiled as part of the 'Selfie Series'
-ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro
ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro - the flagship model of the ZenFone 4 Selfie Series - comprises of a 24MP DuoPixelselfie camera with a ƒ/1.8aperture Sony IMX362 dual-pixel image sensor with 1.4µm pixel size (the largest pixel size yet), and ASUS SuperPixel Engine that enables users to capture 2X-brighter low-light selfies and astonishingly detailed 4K UHD selfie videos.
ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro also comes with a 120 degree super-wide-angle wefie camera that makes it easy to fit multiple people or the surrounding environment into the shot, perfect for social occasions and travel. The front Softlight LED flash ensures the user captures true skin tones. The 16MP camera with Sony IMX351 sensor at the rear supports EIS and 4K Videos along with RAW file support.
ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro is powered by a 64-bit, 2GHz, octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with 4GB RAM and desktop-grade Adreno 506 graphics to deliver smooth and responsive camera performance for the best photography experiences, as well as run the latest apps and games with ease.
The 3000mAh-battery powered phone ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro is available in three beautiful colors: Rouge Red, Sunlight Gold and Deepsea Black, and is priced at Rs. 23,999.
-ZenFone 4 Selfie (Dual Camera Version)
ZenFone 4 Selfie(Dual Camera Version) features dual front-facing cameras, including a high-resolution, 20MP main selfie camera withanƒ/2.0 aperture and 8MP 120° wide-angle wefie camera. A Softlight LED flash delivers the perfect amount of fill light in low-light conditions, softening skin texture and bringing out true skin tones to make selfies look their best.
In addition to its dual selfie cameras, ZenFone 4 Selfie (Dual Camera Version) features a rear 16MP camera with LED flash to let users capture every precious moment with vivid clarity and stunning detail. Its phase-detection autofocus system works in just few seconds to help ensure that users get the shot they want, every time. Additional camera features include Pro mode that enables exposures of up to 32 seconds, and Full-HD video recording with electronic image-stabilization (EIS) for detailed, shake-free videos.
ZenFone 4 Selfie (Dual Camera Version) is available in four beautiful colors: Sunlight Gold, Rose Pink, and Deepsea Black, and is priced at Rs.13, 999 during Flipkart's Big Billion Sale from September 21 to 24 and Rs. 14,999 otherwise.
-ZenFone 4 Selfie
ZenFone 4 Selfie features an amazing high-resolution ƒ/2.0 13MP camera that captures high-quality selfies. It can also capture super-wide 140° panoramic selfies with the super-easy Selfie Panorama mode. A Softlight LED flash delivers the perfect amount of fill light in low-light conditions, softening skin texture and bringing out true skin tones to make selfies look their best.
The ZenFone 4 Selfie features a rear, high-resolution 13MP camera with fast phase-detection autofocus (PDAF) and LED flash, for capturing every precious moment with vivid clarity and stunning detail, and features EIS for videos.
ZenFone 4 Selfie comes with a triple-slot tray that accepts two SIM cards for dual data connections, with speeds of up to 150Mbps and an additional Micro-SD slot to expand storage by up to 2TB.
ZenFone 4 Selfie is available in four beautiful colors: Sunlight Gold, Rose Pink, and Deepsea Black, and is priced at Rs. 9,999.
Additionally, the users of ZenFone 4 Selfie series can now avail up to 100GB additional 4G data, as part of its partnership with reliance Jio. Additionally, Flipkart will offerattractive exchange and assured Buyback Guarantee across all the three variants from the ZenFone 4 Selfie series.
Research conducted by a team of psychologists and computer scientists has found that women tend to be warmer and friendlier than men on Facebook.
The study, published in the open-access journal PLOS One, analyzed the language of more than 68,000 Facebook users. Women were more likely to make references to social relationships and emotions, while men were more likely to make references to sports and occupations. Men were also more likely to swear.
But the effect sizes — a measurement of the average difference between men and women — was relatively small, suggesting there is a large overlap in how men and women use language.
The research team also found a “surprising degree” of similarity between men and women's assertiveness on the social networking website.
PsyPost interviewed the study's corresponding author, David Bryce Yaden of the University of Pennsylvania. Read his responses below:
PsyPost: Why were you interested in this topic?
Yaden: The first thing to understand is that self-identified gender is a complex, multidimensional, and fluid concept. It was not our intention to attempt a definition of gender or to explain the causes of gender differences in this study, but rather to let the data speak for itself.
The study began with this question: While the vast majority of language used by women and men is the same, researchers have found that algorithms can be used to predict users' self-identified gender correctly over 90% of the time. What words, phrases, and linguistic themes account for the differences that these algorithms are detecting to make such accurate gender predictions?
A team of psychology and computer science researchers in the World Well-being Project at the University of Pennsylvania approached this question using a very large sample of participants who agreed to allow us to analyze their Facebook posts using computational linguistic analyses.
Greg Park, Peggy Kern, Johannes Eichstaedt, Lyle Ungar, and Andrew Schwartz contributed most prominently to this study. Please visit www.WWBP.org to learn more about this research lab.
What should the average person take away from your study?
First, we invite and encourage people to try the age and gender prediction demo here: https://wwbp.org/agegender.html
Our hope is that using the demo will be interesting to readers – and using it helps us to improve our prediction models.
People might be interested to learn that researchers can now use algorithms to predict a number of personal traits by analyzing written language. Besides gender, language analysis can predict users' age, relationship status, drug use, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, political orientation, personality, intelligence, popularity, and well-being. In other words, all of these personal qualities can be predicted from what someone has written on social media.
Importantly, at least from the standpoint of psychology, researchers can look at the words and phrases that most differentiate people across these various traits. These words and phrases often contain clues about key, previously undetected features of various traits. For example, Andrew Schwartz found language that differentiates personality traits (such as extraversion versus introversion), which can be viewed here: http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0073791
The method can also be used on physical health outcomes. In Johannes Eichstaedt's study on the language of heart disease, he found the words and phrases indicative of “hostility” and “disengagement” were important predictors of communities with high incidence of heart disease. You can read Johannes Eichstaedt's Heart Disease article here: http://pss.sagepub.com/content/early/2015/01/20/0956797614557867.abstract
In this study, we looked particularly at the dimensions of assertiveness and affiliativeness across gender. Past research has tended to characterize language differences between males and females by describing male language as more assertive (e.g. more imperative statements) and female language as more affiliative (e.g. more agreement). However, we found male and female language differed more in terms of interpersonal warmth (e.g. friendliness), with female participants showing higher interpersonal warmth. We also found, contrary to previous research, that self-identified female participants were slightly more assertive than self-identified male participants.
Are there any major caveats? What questions still need to be addressed?
Yes, there are a number of important caveats and future directions.
Our sample comes from users who signed up to use an app that would ask them a number of personality-related questions and would grant researchers access to their social media posts. The kinds of people who might sign up for such an app may differ from the normal population in important ways. As with all psychological research, future studies should replicate these findings in other, more diverse samples.
Also, we looked at the dimensions of assertiveness and affiliativeness because of how often these concepts have been used in previous gender research, but there are a number of other dimensions that could be explored in future research (like how much people write, how often people reference themselves, etc…). Also, we hope to have access to data in the future that transcends the gender binary in order to include others who fit between or beyond these categories, and who have received less representation in this research topic.
Finally, again, readers should remember that self-identified gender is a complex, multidimensional, and fluid construct, and that the vast majority of language used by men and women is the same. Our findings should be interpreted in this context.
The study, “Women are Warmer but No Less Assertive than Men: Gender and Language on Facebook,” was co-authored by Gregory Park, David Bryce Yaden, H. Andrew Schwartz, Margaret L. Kern, Johannes C. Eichstaedt, Michael Kosinski, David Stillwell, Lyle H. Ungar, and Martin E. P. Seligman.
Update, Nov. 19, 1:27 p.m. The Alameda County district attorney's office has not filed charges in this case, and spokeswoman Teresa Drenick says it remains under investigation by the Berkeley Police Department. Said Officer Byron White, police ultimately released Emauj Roos, Aaron Meredith and Caleb Williams “without complaint”: “As a result of further investigation into the case, we did not find sufficient evidence to hold three of the adult arrestees.” The other teenager, 18-year-old Berkeley High School student Danari Williams, was released after the DA's office declined to pursue charges at this time. See the updated story.
Original story, Nov. 15, 9:54 p.m. Police have taken six people into custody after a report of a fight in South Berkeley that sent a male to the hospital with what appears to be a major head injury, authorities said.
Police Sgt. Todd Sabins said officers received a call just after 5 p.m. Sunday about an altercation involving a group of younger males and one male victim that escalated into a fight in the 1200 block of Ashby Avenue, near Mabel Street.
The victim received “somewhat major blunt force trauma to the head,” said Sabins, and was taken to the hospital for treatment.
Officers responded quickly, after receiving reports of 8-9 males leaving the scene, and ultimately were able to detain six of them.
Sabins said he was not sure if any weapons were involved, or if the victim was expected to survive. But he said more information might be forthcoming as investigators continue to work the case.
Sabins credited both officers and alert callers and community members with the successful detentions.
“Officers were very close in the area at the time,” he said,”so it was good work by the cops and the folks helping us: directing us in and giving us information.”
According to unconfirmed scanner traffic, police initially got a call that a male who had been beat up by a group of 8-9 males was on the ground unconscious. One officer who responded to the scene asked dispatch to alert the Berkeley Fire Department that the male had blood coming from his ears.
The group of responsible males left the area on foot, and fled when officers approached them near Heinz Avenue and 10th Street in West Berkeley. Some were spotted hopping a fence in the 2800 block of 10th.
Officers quickly set up a perimeter, and began a house-to-house search. They were able to detain six of those believed to be responsible. Their names were not immediately available given the early stage of the investigation.
In October, officers found casings nearby, in the 2800 block of Mabel, between Oregon and Russell streets, after reports of gunfire in the area. In August, police responded to a shooting in that same block that sent a man to the hospital. There was no indication Sunday whether those incidents were related to Sunday's altercation.
Update, 6:30 a.m. Four of the males arrested were listed in the Alameda County sheriff's department inmate locator online booking system at Berkeley Jail as of Monday morning: Aaron Meredith, 18; Emauj Roos, 18; Caleb Williams, 19; and Danari Williams, 18.
They are scheduled for arraignment Nov. 18 at 2 p.m. at the Wiley Manuel Courthouse in downtown Oakland. All were arrested on suspicion of attempted homicide and are being held without bail.
Danari Williams is listed on sports website hudl.com as a linebacker on Berkeley High's football team. He is listed as a current member of the varsity team according to MaxPreps.com, with graduation expected in 2016. His occupation is listed by the sheriff's department as a student. Occupations were not listed for the other individuals.
Roos played as a fullback on Berkeley High's varsity football team according to hudl.com, which includes a highlight video of Roos and identifies him as part of Berkeley High's class of 2015.
Roos was arrested in August on suspicion of carrying a concealed firearm, carrying a loaded firearm and contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Police said he was also responsible for shooting into the air outside a party in West Berkeley two days earlier “because he was angry about getting ‘jumped.'” He has already been sentenced in that case and is scheduled for a progress report in December.
Berkeleyside will update this story if additional information is provided. Read more about crime in Berkeley.
Get the latest Berkeley news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's free Daily Briefing. And make sure to bookmark Berkeleyside's pages on Facebook and Twitter. You don't need an account on those sites to view important information.
RALEIGH, NC - Ron Francis, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the National Hockey League's Carolina Hurricanes, today announced that the team has agreed to terms with right wing Spencer Smallman on a three-year, entry-level contract. On the NHL level, the deal will pay Smallman $650,000 in 2017-18 and 2018-19 and $700,000 in 2019-20. On the AHL level, he will be paid $65,000 in 2017-18 and $70,000 in 2018-19 and 2019-20, and he receives a signing bonus of $225,000.
"Spencer took a big step forward this season," said Francis. "He's been in a leadership role for his team for the last three years, and helped Saint John to the best record in the Quebec League this year."
Smallman, 20, established career highs in goals (30), assists (49) and points (79) for the Saint John Sea Dogs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) this season. Born in Summerside, P.E.I., but raised in Fredericton, N.B., Smallman ranked second among Sea Dogs skaters in assists, third in points and fourth in goals, and led the team with 38 points (14g, 24a) on the power play. Smallman had three goals and two assists (5 points) during Saint John's four-game sweep of Rimouski in the first round of the QMJHL playoffs.
Smallman (6'1", 200 lbs.) is Saint John's all-time leader in career regular-season games played, and has served as the team's captain for the past two seasons. A fifth-round pick, 138th overall, by the Hurricanes in the 2015 NHL Draft, he totaled 223 points (86g, 137a) and 223 penalty minutes in 293 career regular-season games for the Sea Dogs. His teammates with St. John include Hurricanes' 2016 first-round selection Julien Gauthier and 2015 fourth-round pick Callum Booth.
What modern mother hasn't cringed at the pink and passive fairy tale princesses served up to her impressionable girl? The Disney versions of Snow White and Cinderella, Belle and Rapunzel are heroines of such vapid foolishness one wonders how they survived into the 21st century. The answer is that they are rooted in a tenacious and remarkably unaltered cultural tradition, the fairy tales first published two centuries ago by the Brothers Grimm.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The fifty iconic tales in their Kinder- und Hausmärchen collection feature a parade of weak, disobedient heroines whose errors draw down harsh punishment, and an equally noteworthy succession of heroic boys. Numerous studies in recent decades have found the 19th century social world they portray so unremittingly sexist that some leading folklorists warn against reading them to children at all.
This is why the discovery of a huge new trove of unedited German fairy tales is nothing short of a revelation. These tales, only of few of which were published in the 1850s, were collected in the Upper Palatinate region of Germany by Franz Xaver von Schönwerth, a scholar intent on preserving the rapidly vanishing folk wisdom of his region. What they reveal, in abrupt contrast to the Brothers Grimm, is an equal-opportunity world where the brave and clever children are as likely to be girls as boys, and the vulnerable, exploited youths are not just princesses, but princes.
We meet here the male counterpart of the badly behaved princess in the Grimms' Frog King, forced to keep a promise to let a repellent toad into her bed. In Schönwerth's version, he is a boy named Jodl who, equally repelled, must repay the toad's kindness the same way. Snow White's repudiation by a wicked stepmother is countered by Schönwerth's story of King Goldenlocks, who too is initially banished to the forest to be slain by a hunter, who must return with his lungs, finger and heart.
Clever, resourceful girls also make an appearance. The Three Princesses tells the story of sisters enslaved by a witch, the youngest of whom saves an unsuspecting prince in an ingenious way. Grabbing a sword, she magically turns herself into a lake, which the old witch sucks down. The princess slashes her way out of the witch's belly and claims her prince.
Inspired by the Grimms' first publication in 1812, Schönwerth trekked to remote villages and hearths to collect these oral tales. After his book of folk sayings and legends, including a few fairy tales, was published in 1857, Jacob Grimm himself praised the Bavarian's “careful, comprehensive collecting and fine ear.” Indeed, scholars say, what is most striking is their authenticity. These tales are “fresh, unlicked,” says Erika Eichenseer, the folklorist who unearthed them “by heaps,” forgotten among Schönwerth's papers in the Regensburg historical archive. Maria Tatar, a fairy tale expert at Harvard University, concurs. Nearly all collections, especially the Grimms, were edited to reflect the morals of the day, she says. Schönwerth's, by contrast, are “raw, not cooked.”
“He helps us see the degree to which the Grimms were selective in terms of gender, favoring stories about beautiful persecuted heroines and bold heroes,” Ms Tatar says. Ms Eichenseer agrees: “There's hardly any sign of all the pretty little princesses, and not a trace of the scolding lifted finger.”
What the discovery makes clear is the degree to which this revered Western canon is a social construct. Far from being transcendent examples of universal values, as Bruno Bettelheim argued, these tales were edited and fixed at a specific historical moment. The publication history of the Grimms' Tales is instructive. First published as a large academic collection, the tales were very consciously edited and re-edited by Wilhelm Grimm into a shorter and less bawdy work explicitly intended as moral instruction for 19th century children. Tales by Charles Perrault and Hans Christian Andersen were set down at that same rigidly gender-divided time.
Hence what Ms Tatar calls “the folktale's tenacious emphasis on the evils of female pride.” Ruth Bottigheimer, in a 1987 study, Grimms' Bad Girls and Bold Boys, marshaled evidence of Wilhelm's “apparent inner drive to incriminate females.” Ms Tatar's analysis, across the broader canon, reveals a similar pattern. “Women are consistently punished for haughtiness, as children are for disobedience and curiosity.” The Grimms' versions prevailed in part thanks to early English translation of their tales, in 1823. This popular British edition, illustrated by George Cruikshank, Dickens' illustrator, helped them to permeate the Anglo-American consciousness. Today, thankfully, Schönwerth's fresher, more original tellings have been awakened from their long, enchanted slumber.
An English edition will be our reward. Prinz Rosszwifl (Prince Dung Beetle), published by Ms Eichenseer, is being translated by Ms Tatar and Jack Zipes, another eminent folklorist. And this September, to celebrate the Grimms' bicentennial, the author Philip Pullman will publish a new retelling of his own. One only hopes someone has waved a fairy wand and presented him with something close to the full story: The Annotated Brothers Grimm, edited by Ms Tatar, with an introduction by A.S. Byatt.
Black women are enlisting in the military at far higher rates than are white or Hispanic women, and they now represent nearly a third of all the women in the armed forces, a new study by the Pew Research Center has found.
The study found that of the 167,000 enlisted women in the military, 31 percent are black, twice their percentage in the civilian female population. Black men represent about 16 percent of the male enlisted population, roughly equal to their proportion in the civilian population.
White women, by comparison, represent 53 percent of women in the military, while accounting for 78 percent of the civilian female population.
The study, which is based on demographic data collected by the Defense Department, confirmed what military experts have known for years: that black women are a crucial source of new recruits for the armed forces, especially for the Army and the Air Force.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why black women enlist at higher rates than white women or black men has not been extensively studied, said Beth J. Asch, a senior economist and defense manpower specialist at the Rand Corporation. But she suggested that the military tries to attract high school graduates who are looking for job training, good benefits and help with college tuition — and that a high percentage of black women fit that bill.
I can remember vividly, seeing the first Jurassic Park film twenty years ago. It was really the first time I saw a film that I had previously read the novel first. I loved Michael Crichton's book and it really got me to read more of his work which in turn, really got me interested in science fiction and in science. The film, however, captured my imagination in a way I wasn't expecting. The way it was shot, the special effects mixed with practical effects and the music made me believe this park could be real. The suspense, the pacing, the acting, the humor, the drama, all of it made for a great film that's stuck with me ever since.
Here we are now about to embark on a new Jurassic adventure. All claims made by the producers and director and actors say this will capture that same feeling as the first film. Taking over in the director's chair is Colin Trevorrow (Safety Not Guaranteed) with Steven Spielberg on board as a producer. Taking charge with the score (masterfully done previously by John Williams) is Michael Giacchino (Lost, Star Trek) so I feel like the music is in good hands as well. I'm also hopeful about this cast which is headlined by Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard. Vincent D'Onofrio, BD Wong (reprising his role as Dr. Henry Wu), Omar Sy, Jake Johnson, Nick Robinson, and Ty Simpkins round out the cast.
The pictures below give us just a little taste of what we can expect, but not much. I'm hoping for a teaser or full blown trailer to be released at SDCC, but even without it I'm ok with waiting...but not too long. I'm really excited to see where they take the franchise forward. I wasn't happy with Jurassic Park 3, and Lost World was ok but not great. Little is known about the plot aside from Isla Nublar being a fully functioning theme park called "Jurassic World" which is shaped in the image of John Hammond's dream. A new company owns the park, Patel Corporation. Pratt's character is a member of the staff, conducting behavioral research on velociraptors.
Advertisement
California is currently in the fourth year of its worst drought in history, but the rich and famous residents of Los Angeles are still keeping up with the Kardashians when it comes to their over-the-top landscaping.
Residents across California have been demolishing pools, cutting back on showers and letting their lawns turn brown after experts estimated that there will be less than a year's worth of drinking water left in the state's reservoirs by the end of 2015.
But for the residents of Los Angeles' wealthy enclaves, a $100 fine for wasting water is chump change and a fee they are apparently glad to pay in order to maintain their almost fluorescent green lawns.
What drought? The Hidden Hills, California estate owned by rapper Kanye West and his reality-star wife Kim Kardashian appears healthy and green despite California currently being in the middle of its worst drought in history
Bring on the fines: Gov Jerry Brown is calling for extreme cuts in water usage, but paying a $100 fine for water is chump change to stars like American Idol judge Jennifer Lopez
You too Babs? Despite being an advocate for energy conservation, Barbra Streisand's beach-side home in Malibu appears green as ever
Photographer John Chapple recently went out in a helicopter to photograph this private oasis and found the mega-mansions owned by Kanye West and Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez and heiress Petra Stunt to be among the worst.
'The Kardashian flowers and hedges are right in our face,' a neighbor of West and Kardashian in Hidden Hills told the New York Post. 'It's disgusting. You walk by and you can smell the freshness.'
The reality star previously claimed that she was washing her hair only every five days in response to the drought, a move she called 'a little excessive, maybe'.
Sister Khloe Kardashian may be alienating some of her new neighbors with the ever-green landscaping at the Calabasas mansion she purchased from pop-star Justin Bieber last year.
Signs of the crippling drought were not at all sight at the homes of singers Jennifer Lopez and Jessica Simpson either.
His own private oasis: Magazine mogul Hugh Hefner refuses to let the lawn at the Playboy Mansion go brown, even though experts predict there will be less than a year's worth of drinking water at the end of 2015
From Justin to Khloe: Khloe Kardashian purchased this Calabasas estate from pop-star Justin Bieber last year, and keeps the lawn in trip-top shape
Emerald: The Hidden Hills, California of pop-star Jessica Simpson is seen above. Patches of her lawn appear to be browning, though her garden is still much greener compared to the neighboring lot
A neighbor of Lopez says the American Idol judge has been approached before to tame down her lawns but didn't seem to care.
'She has been pretty dismissive. She has said, "Oh, so I'll just pay some fines, what are they going to do?"' the source told the Post.
And of course the lawns at the notorious Playboy Mansion remain well manicured, where magazine mogul Hugh Hefner keeps residence with his 60 years younger wife.
While this devotion to appearances may not be entirely unexpected from style-obsessed stars like the Kardashians, it is shocking to see Barbra Streisand's yard just as green when she has been a proponent for energy conservation.
A spokesman for Streisand issued a statement to the Post, claiming she had cut down her water usage by over 50 per cent in the past several months but it certainly doesn't show by her full pool and manicured lawn.
Meanwhile, British Formula One heiress Petra Stunt's estate is as green as ever though she reportedly doesn't spend much time in Los Angeles.
Stunt, daughter of Bernie Ecclestone, bought the estate in 2011 for $85million from Aaron Spelling's widow Candy.
But the grass wasn't always greener on the celebrity's side of the fence. Jennifer Aniston pulled out the water-sucking vineyard on her Bel-Air estate and planted drought-resistant succulent plants across the property instead.
Second home: British Formula One heiress Petra Stunt bought the old Aaron Spelling estate from his widow Candy in 2011 for $85million. She keeps the lawns manicured despite not spending much time at the southern California home
Compromise: Cher's lawn may be green but she has supplemented part of her estate with water-saving palm trees in the front lawn and a patch of drought-resistant succulents in the backyard
Inspired by Erin Brokovich? Patches of Julia Roberts' lawn appear to be turning brown, which perhaps shouldn't be a surprise considering the energy-efficient solar panels on her roof
Friend of the Earth: Jennifer Aniston has pulled out a water-sucking vineyard on her property and planted succulents across her lawn which thrive in the arid Southern California climate
And while singer Cher's relatively-small yard of grass was very well watered, she has also opted for an orchard of water-saving palm trees in her front yard.
Actress Julia Roberts, perhaps inspired by her role as environmental advocate Erin Brokovich, has started to let patches of her lawn turn brown and has also installed solar panels on her roof.
And other celebrities have taken alternative measures to contribute to the water-conservation effort.
Former X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 62, said she and her husband Ozzy, of Black Sabbath, reserve flushing the toilet as much as possible.
‘When I pee, I don't flush,' Osbourne said.
That sentiment was echoed by Cameron Diaz. The 42-year-old said: ‘Only when I do number two, I flush. If it's yellow leave is mellow; if it's brown flush it down.'
Others have written checks to help the thirsty state. William Shatner launched a campaign to raise $30billion for a pipeline from rainy Seattle to California (perhaps ill-advised since Washington State is also going through a drought) while Lady Gaga donated $25,000 to a water supply study.
In response to the crippling drought, Gov Jerry Brown has enacted even tighter rules on water consumption calling for an up to 36 per cent cut.
Las Virgenes Municpal Water District which, supplies many of these opulent homes with their water supplies says they are trying to get A-listers 'on the bus' but that a maximum fine of $100 dollars doesn't exactly inspire huge motivation to millionaires.
President Trump doesn't need authorization from Congress to finish his annihilation campaign against the Islamic State and other Islamist militants, but it would be wise to work with Congress to get it.
Trump administration officials have hit the Hill, meeting with members of Congress over the subject of a new Congressional Authorization to Use Military Force (AUMF). There has been a bi-partisan push to update the approval from Congress, since the last two authorizations were passed in response to the attacks on the United States on September 11th, and authorized military force in Afghanistan and Iraq. President George Bush didn't technically require those, either, but his hand was greatly strengthened because he had them.
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution reserves for Congress the power to declare war. But declaring war is a specific thing with a meaning far narrower than the military campaigns to dismantle terrorist organizations that span multiple countries. Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution recognizes the president as commander in chief of the armed forces. This applied to President Obama when he was commander in chief and it applies to President Trump.
President Obama had the authority to initiate military responses to protect the national security of the United States without needing authorization from Congress, and so does President Trump. Even the 2001 AUMF, which passed with overwhelming bipartisan support after the 9/11 attacks, acknowledged: “The President has authority under the Constitution to take action to deter and prevent acts of international terrorism against the United States.” That covers what the United States is currently doing against ISIS and other Islamist militants.
Still, the authorization was passed more than a dozen years ago, and it's a stretch to argue this is the same military campaign President Bush had in mind when he sought the authorization. It would be prudent to clearly articulate what it is the United States is seeking to do in the current war against Islamist militantism. Additionally, military campaigns are always more successful when there's evident, strong political support for them.
Moreover, Washington could also always use the reminder that the president (and federal government, generally) works for the American people and not the other way around; so, while the people have entrusted to the president the commander in chief role as he carries out his responsibility to provide for the common defense, President Trump should make the case to the American people by way of a formal address, and reminders via other mediums (perhaps even Twitter if the president so chooses) of the threats of Islamist militantism, the reason the United States must eradicate it and then explain where military operations will take place to eradicate the enemy.
After having made his case to the people (and their congressional representatives) the Congress is almost certainly going to authorize a new AUMF. The White House can always gauge support for this with the cooperation of Republican leadership by whipping the vote count beforehand, of course.
Passing a new AUMF would strengthen the secretary of Defense's hand when he asks Congress for specific (and increased) funding levels, when he launches new initiatives to reset the military, and when he makes personnel decisions for the Pentagon that truly make the military the most effective fighting force possible. After all, Congress would have just recognized the need to defeat a foe that threatens the American people and it would be a moral travesty and dereliction of government duty to agree to send American men and women into harm's way while under-resourced or not optimally prepared.
And, a well-resourced, optimally organized, and prioritized military has the greatest impact on troop morale.
It would also be a political victory for President Trump who promised his supporters he would both eradicate Islamist militants and also reorient U.S. military engagement so that it is more selective and realistic in what it sets out to do. He could point to an AUMF as compelling evidence for returning to the consent of the governed, rather than doing whatever the President wants, regardless of the express will and wishes of the American people.
In sum, a new AUMF would be good for the military campaign against ISIS, good for troop morale, good for the president, and most importantly, good for the country.
Rebeccah L. Heinrichs is a national security fellow at Hudson Institute, a think tank promoting American leadership and global engagement, and a contributing editor at Providence Magazine. Follow Heinrichs on Twitter @RLHeinrichs.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
George Stephanopoulos may be in trouble right now for donating cash to the Clintons but for years he's been giving in-kind contributions, in the form of on-air praise and suck-up questions to them in his time as anchor of Good Morning America and host of This Week.
In a 2007 interview with former President Bill Clinton about the Clinton Global Initiative, Stephanopoulos asked if his old boss worried that he might be become better remembered as the “philanthropist who happened to be President.” He also gleefully wondered if Bill's old slogan of “buy one, get one free” was still in effect if Hillary were to win the presidency as he pressed: “Is it more true now than it was then?”
Stephanopoulos has also, not-so-subtly, pressed guests from Nancy Pelosi to Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor about the prospect of a female president. And, of course, in 2008 he called a potential Barack Obama/Hillary Clinton team-up the “dream ticket.”
The following are just a few examples, from the MRC archives, of Stephanopoulos praising the Clintons from his ABC News perch:
Stephanopoulos to Bill: You Might Be Remembered More For Being a Philanthropist, Are you Okay With That?
“There was this great story in The Atlantic this month about your philanthropy, the CGI [Clinton Global Initiative] and your other activities at the foundation. And the author says you're basically re-inventing philanthropy, or trying to re-invent philanthropy....He writes that, ‘as a result of this, history may remember Bill Clinton as the philanthropist who happened to be President.' Are you okay with that?”
— ABC's George Stephanopoulos to his former boss, ex-President Bill Clinton, on This Week, September 30, 2007.
Stephanopoulos Narrates Unofficial Informercial for Clinton's Charity
“His Clinton Global Initiative is happening right now in New York, bringing together prime ministers, business leaders, Hollywood stars, all signing up for public service projects. And we spoke about the difference those projects are making, and watch for a possible clue about his grandchild to come....Re-imagining the world and taking action. Something important for the soon-to-be grandfather-in-chief who seemed to give away a little secret. I know you're on grandfather watch, getting close. What's the biggest thing you want to teach your new grandchild?....That feeling fuels his initiative. Which has ‘has improved the lives of more than 430 million people so far…Over 2900 projects and programs in more than 180 countries. CGI has a simple mission, ‘turn ideas into action.'”
— ABC's George Stephanopoulos on Good Morning America, September 24, 2014.
Stephanopoulos to Bill: If Hillary Wins is It Still “Buy One, Get One Free?”
George Stephanopoulos: “You're also back on the campaign trail now, and a phrase from 1991 is about as resonant as ever.”
Clip of Bill Clinton from 1991: “I always say that my slogan might well be, ‘Buy one, get one free.'”
Stephanopoulos: “Is it more true now than it was then?”
— Question posed to Bill Clinton, ABC's This Week, September 30, 2007.
Stephanopoulos to Bill: Are You “Excited” About Hillary's Project?
“One of the biggest commitments here, at CGI this year, a big project, $1.5 billion to help fund women entrepreneurs all across the world. And Secretary Clinton also announced her big project to kind of track how women are doing around the world. Is that the project you're most excited about this summer?”
— ABC's George Stephanopoulos to Bill Clinton on Good Morning America, September 29, 2013.
Daydreaming of President Hillary
George Stephanopoulos: “Everyone remembers that picture, seeing you up at the podium, first female Speaker of the House. Do you ever think what it would be like to be standing at that podium as the first female President of the United States comes up to give the State of the Union?”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi: “Wouldn't that be exciting to have the woman as the President and a woman as the Speaker of the House?”
— ABC's This Week, May 20, 2007.
Is President Hillary the Cure for American Sexism?
George Stephanopoulos: “And on a Supreme Court dominated for generations by men, she's now one of three female justices. We talked about the difference a woman judge makes, justice makes. [to Sotomayor] Do you think a woman president would make a big difference?”
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor: “Oh, probably at least in some little girl's perceptions of herself. And that is important enough.”
— Recorded interview shown on ABC's This Week, June 22, 2014.
George's “Dream Ticket”
“And this is still on the table, the dream ticket. I mean, and I think one of the things they're going to be talking about today is how hard does she [Hillary Clinton] push with her 17 million votes for that place on the ticket?...I think it's the best ticket for the Democrats. I think if Barack Obama picks her, they have the best chance of winning.”
— ABC's George Stephanopoulos, a top official in Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign and first administration, on Good Morning America, June 3, 2008.
Feel Bad About Hounding Clinton?
George Stephanopoulos: “You use the phrase ‘politics of personal destruction,' you say you've been scrutinized by Democrats and I know you probably don't like this comparison, when I hear those phrases I think of President Clinton. [Do] you feel more of a kinship now with him given what you've been through?”
Representative Tom DeLay (R-TX): “Not at all. President Clinton broke the law, he lied to a grand jury. I have not done anything against the law.”
— ABC's Good Morning America, April 5, 2006.
George: It's Going to Be Hard to Top Bill's Speech
George Stephanopoulos: “A night of perfect political choreography. The only problem Barack Obama has right now, and it's a high-class problem, as Bill Clinton used to say, is can he top what happened tonight?”
Host Terry Moran: “An extraordinary series of speeches [by Bill Clinton and Joe Biden].”
— ABC's Nightline on August 27, 2008.
Celebrating “Very Candid” Clinton
“It was very candid, there's no question about it, a lot of personal revelation there.”
— ABC's George Stephanopoulos, a former Clinton White House aide, discussing Bill Clinton's new book on the June 21, 2004 Good Morning America.
February 23, 2013 21:11 IST
Former Australian batsman Dean Jones feels international cricket has become one of the world's most popular sports in recent years due to the influence of India, which he says "generates 80 per cent" of the revenues.
"The reason cricket is one of the world's most popular sports is mainly due to the influence from India. Cricket is played by 10 nations with Test status and 35 associate countries. But it is India that provides nearly 80 per cent of the world's cricket revenues," Jones said.
"And cricket-playing countries and players around the world are a lot wealthier because of that revenue generated by India," he wrote in the Sydney Morning Herald.
Jones said the BCCI is very shrewd when it comes to using its influence.
"Generally, people who have the most money get what they want. India is no different, and it is very protective of its power and very shrewd when it comes to using it. Many fans and cricket leaders think this is a bad thing for the game. I don't," he said.
Jones added: "The Indian authorities are the ones who have invested heavily in cricket, and ultimately they are the ones who pay the invoices. Other countries just hang onto India's coat tails. Today, India always has a massive audience and it brings along a massive bank cheque.
"The Indian board ploughs most of its money back into grassroots cricket, where there are more than 55,000 matches played in India every day. It pays out millions every year in player pensions for former players. India also helped South Africa return to international cricket and helped Bangladesh reach Test status," he further said.
Jones reiterated that BCCI becoming the major powerbroker has helped the game.
"Since the board has started to be the major powerbroker of the game, has world cricket benefited? Yes, and more power to it," he wrote.
Photograph: Getty Images
Today, June 15, a coalition of immigrant-rights organizations debuted the Colorado Rapid Response Network, a 24-hour hotline that people can call to report, track and verify enforcement operations by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.
Organizers say they already have over a hundred volunteers lined up to staff the hotline and go out into communities across Colorado to verify ICE operations firsthand. The number of the hotline: 1-844-UNITE-41 (1-844-864-8341).
“The intention of this network is to ease the fear in the community by being able to confirm or deny activity that is conducted by ICE,” said Carla Castedo, state director of Mi Familia Vota, in a prepared statement. “Our network is also trained to observe operations, ensure that rights are not being trampled, and stand together against injustices in Colorado.”
A woman drove off the 5th floor of a parking garage in Downtown Austin Thursday morning. It is the second time a driver has managed to break through the cable wiring at that garage in less than a year.
WATCH VIDEO HERE
Thursday morning a black BMW lay smashed face down behind the Littlefield and Scarbrough building parking garage. William Burch witnessed the vehicle fall five stories.
"I pulled in to turn around and back up against the dumpster and I heard something,” said William Burch.
Burch says he flashed back to a similar incident that took place at the same garage back in September.
“I figured I need to start driving forward since I can't see what's above me,” said Burch.
Police say he moved just in time. The vehicle went through the cable wiring on the 5th floor of the parking garage and crashed into the back of Burch's Tahoe. The force shattered all of the back windows.
Burch and other witnesses went to the driver's aide.
"She was upside down. They had to pull her out from her seatbelt and her head was bloody and they pulled her off to the side under the awning. I rushed back over here and called my wife to let her know I was okay,” he said.
Burch says the woman made a call too, "She was afraid she was worried going to die. She said if I die tell so and so. So she was pretty shaken up." She was taken to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
"I'm not a structural engineer. I don't design buildings, but there seems to be something of flaw,” said APD Corporal Chris Carlisle. Austin Police Corporal Chris Carlisle responded to both this event and when a man broke through the wires in September.
"The gentleman said he accidentally pushed the accelerator instead of the brake and launched himself. That time the retention cables caught around the front axle of the car and the car was left dangling. The guy climbed out of a sunroof back into the parking garage,” said Carlisle.
After that incident, code department officials investigated and closed out the case once the building fixed the broken wires. Code was back out Thursday to look for violations.
Burch, who works in construction hopes a change will be made. "There probably should be some type of retainer wall there being that this has happened twice within a year,” he said.
Code officials say they will investigate to determine if this event was also human error. If it was not, they will look into structural issues. If found, they will recommend changes. As for now the cable wiring is allowed.
The owner of the parking garage released the following statement to FOX 7:
We regret the unfortunate accident that happened today in our garage and are thankful that no lives were lost. A similar incident happened in September 2016 in the same garage, but on a different floor.
This morning, the car apparently hit the barriers at a rate of speed sufficient to break through and hit the building across the alley. The garage was built in 1979, and these are the only two such incidents since its construction 38 years ago.
After the previous incident, we engaged a structural engineer to review the situation, and repairs to the safety barriers were performed according to his recommendation.
The City of Austin permitted and inspected such repairs to their satisfaction.
Premier Parking, the manager of the parking garage, manages over 400 parking locations across the United States, and they have not experienced anything like this in their 15-year history other than the previous incident. Although all the facts of this accident are still being gathered, we will work to ensure the safety of our parking guests.
Fabric: Heavy satin fabric Silhouette: Ball gown Sleeves: Cap sleeves Neckline: O neckline Closure: Buttons up on the back Waistlines: Natural waist Backs: Keyhole back Embellishment: Lace, Beaded Skirt Length: Floor length Tailoring Time: 14-21 days | Rush order 8-14 days Shipping Time: 2-7 days Details: * White lace top with beads and sequins * Ball gown skirt * If you would like to change the color, please leave us note if you like the top and the skirt in one color, or the top in white, the skirt color changes * Floor length(About 155cm/61'' from shoulder over bust to the hemline) Notes: For this item only one dress is available,any other accessories are not included. There will be 1-2cm error due to different measurement method and tool. Color representation may vary by monitor, slight colour aberration is acceptable.
Special Occasion Dresses
It will take 14-20 days to tailor your dresses by professional dressmaker. It will then take about 3-8 working days for the package travel from our facilities to your destination, the exact shipping time is based on the shipping company (DHL, EMS, FedEx, UPS, etc.) standard.
Wedding Dresses
It will take 22-35 business days to tailor your dresses by professional dressmaker. Also it will take about 3-8 working days for the package travel from our facilities to your destination, the exact shipping time is based on the shipping company (DHL, EMS, FedEx, UPS, etc.) standard.
Note: ebProm has no control on the customs. And usually there are no import duties, taxes or customs for the goods to most destinations. If by some case, you are subject to customs or import duties on delivery, you are responsible for paying them to receive your package. ebProm is not responsible for the delay of shipping caused by the customs clearance.
For custom-made, please give us the measurements below:
1. Upper Bust: Measure above the breasts and across the armpits
2. Bust: Measure around the fullest part of bust
3. Under Bust: Measure underneath the breasts
4. Nipple to Nipple: Nipple to Nipple
5. Waist: Measure around your waist,4cm above the Belly Button
6. Hip: Measure across the widest part of the hips
7. Shoulder to Nipple: From the shouder to Nipple
8. Shoulder to Waist: Measure from shoulder top to the waist line
9. Dress Length: Measure from shoulder neck point to the bottom of the dress across the breast（With Heels）
10. Shoulder Width: Measure from one shoulder point across the back to the other shoulder point.
11. Your Actual Height: Measure from the head to the feet without shoes
For dress with sleeves or off the shoulder styles, the following measurements are needed:
12. Around armhole
13. Around upper arm
14. Around elbow
15.Around wrist
16. Around shoulder
17. Sleeve length
For mermaid style:
18. Around thigh: Standing with your feet together, measure around thigh(2 legs together)
Measuring Tips
How to Measure For Your Dress Size
Wedding dress and special occasion dress sizes often fit tighter than regular clothing sizes. In order to avoid the size mistakes, plea do follow the measuring tips when ordering online. It takes times and efforts to measure your size accurately. Having a friend or your tailor take the measurements for you is absolutely worthwhile before ordering online. The top one reason gowns don't fit is their measurements taken incorrectly.So which do you prefer?
Tips for Measuring for Your Dress Size
Ask your friends, relatives, or your tailor to help you take measurements as accurate as possible. The more accurate, the better fit.
Make alterations for a perfect look. Nearly all formal gown needs the alteration no matter you buy online or in the laval bridal shop.
While measuring, keep the measuring tape snug instead of tight around your body part. Never such in your tummy for a smaller belly number!
Your dress size is only a number. Formal dress sizes fit tighter than common clothing, you'd better order a larger size than your normal one. The number over the tag inside your gown is not the key. The most important thing is how you look like in your favorite dress.
Bust
Measure around the fullest part of your breast. It's better to wear a bra which you may wear with your dress, or don't wear bra if you don't plan to wear a bra inside your dress, most of our dresses are built with bra and bones. Make sure the measuring tape is comfortable. Do not make it too tight while measure your bust. Remember the bust measurement should not be the identical size as your bra.
Waist
Measure around your waist about 1-2 inches / 3-4.5cm up your belly button. When measure your waist, make sure no clothing is under your tape. Make sure the measuring tape is comfortable. Do not make it too tight while measure your waist.
Measuring tip
Do not wear low cut jeans or pants while taking your waist measurements. Someone nay think it's OK as her waist is exposed, wearing that can add 1 or more inches to your real waist size.
Hip
Measure around the fullest part of your hips. It's suggested to measure about 6-7 inches down your belly button. Masure the measuring tape is comfortable. Do not make it too tight while measure your hips. When measure your hips, make sure no clothing is under your tape.
Shoulder to hem dress length
Our dress length is made to fit women up to about 5 feet 9 inches height with heels.If you require other length, please let us know. Don't forget to pick the most appropriate heel height which works with your dress length.
Tips for Dress Ordering & Fitting
How To Become an Astronaut
Here's an e-mail I sent to a young high school student with all sorts of personal opinions expressed. These are MY opinions, and I expect to be flamed on some of them. Ozzie From ozzie@spaceyideas.com Tue Oct 29 18:22:13 1996 Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 18:19:56 -0500 (EST) From: Ozzie N4SCY <ozzie@spaceyideas.com> Reply-To: Ozzie N4SCY <n4scy@amsat.org > To: KMerkel175@ Subject: How to become an Astronaut - OPINIONS On 1996 October 18, KMerkel175@ wrote: > The thing i want to know is: > How can i become an Astronaut.It's been my dream since i was a child, > and i want to know what i must do when i want to become an > Astronaut.Please send me your answer. > Thanx > Meik Dittrich >
> How can I become an Astronaut? > Any adult man or woman in excellent physical condition who > meets the basic qualifications can be selected to enter > astronaut training. > > For mission specialists and pilot astronauts, the minimum > requirements include a bachelor's degree in engineering, > science or mathematics from an accredited institution. Three > years of related experience must follow the degree, and an > advanced degree is desirable. Pilot astronauts must have at > least 1,000 hours of experience in jet aircraft, and they need > better vision than mission specialists. Competition is > extremely keen, with an average of over 4,000 applicants for > about 20 openings every 2 years. > > Astronaut recruiting occurs periodically. For more information, > write to the Astronaut Selection Office, NASA Johnson Space > Center, Houston,TX 77058.
Cheshire's Law: You can't break The Rules, but once you know what they are, you can abuse the heck out of them!
> Any adult man or woman in excellent physical condition who > meets the basic qualifications can be selected to enter > astronaut training.
> For mission specialists and pilot astronauts, the minimum > requirements include a bachelor's degree in engineering, > science or mathematics from an accredited institution.
> Three > years of related experience must follow the degree, and an > advanced degree is desirable.
> Pilot astronauts must have at > least 1,000 hours of experience in jet aircraft, and they need > better vision than mission specialists.
> Competition is > extremely keen, with an average of over 4,000 applicants for > about 20 openings every 2 years.
ASCAN (Astronaut Candidate)
10 COMMANDMENTS:
(Meant to be humourous, but like most humor conatins the ring of truth) 1. Keep smiling, but not grinning 2. Keep your humor harmless, pure and perfect. People don't understand irony. 3. Keep your weaknesses to yourself. If you don't point them out to others, they will never see them. 4. Never complain; make survival look easy. 5. You are expected to say something nice after each flight, class, or simulation. 6. If you can't say something nice, lie -- nicely. 7. In particular, practice saying, "Thanks for pointing that out, sir. I'll really work on that." 8. Be aggressively humble and dynamically inconspicuous. Save your brilliance for your friends and family. 9. Remember -- whatever's encouraged is mandatory. Whatever's discouraged is prohibited. 10. Nothing is sometimes a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say. REVIEW THIS LIST DAILY
Start Jogging
Study Astronomy
Learn the Phonetic Alphabet
Get a Ham Radio license
Join the Civil Air Patrol, or the Scouts
Become a Student Member of the AIAA
Recently I was in the US to shoot a few stories and one of those took me through New Orleans. As I was passing through I was of course drawn to the architecture. It's certainly a place like no other, and one I haven't visited before.
Much is of course changed since the devastating floods of 2005 and whilst in town a colleague and I met up with a few of those helping to rebuild the city, but that's for another day.
On the photographic front I was drawn to look again at the pictures of the town by Walker Evans. Now Evans is one of those photographers you either get or don't. Many just can't see why his work is held in such high regard.
Evans is best known for the pictures he shot for the Farm Security Administration documenting amongst other things the effects of the Great Depression in the US of the 1930s and for his book with writer James Agee, Let Us Now Praise Famous Men.
His portrait of Allie Mae Burroughs, a cotton tenant farmer's wife in Alabama, was part of Evans' collaboration with the writer Agee whose words gave context to the pictures, he described Allie Mae as a mother "whose body already at 27 is so wrung and drained and old, a scrawny infinitely tired, delicate animal". Evans attempt at objectivity and Agee's personal responses makes for a powerful mix.
But to return to his New Orleans work then the shot above of a shop front in 1935 bears all his trademarks from the work of that time. Full frontal photographs of buildings which are often covered in text, usually in the form of advertising signs.
Evans photographs are at fist glance simple depictions of a place. The barber shop focuses on the sign writing, the poorly spaced words, the homemade feel of the whole affair, the uneven stripes. Evans has used this as the central theme to hold the frame together, neatly dividing the space.
The other Evans picture below is also from New Orleans and again a passing glance makes the viewer wonder why he has framed it so tightly. Yet, what is the picture about. Again the central theme is the text, the words, and the iconography of the street. Seen today it looks quaint, yet then it was as fresh as a shot of a supermarket sign is today, or a shot of building condemned following the floods.
And that's where the documentary angle kicks in. Evans photographs use the signs to signify what is available at a time of great depression. The pictures are as straight and objective as they can be. Yes Evans has chosen what to photograph, editing the world to his vision, but they are nonetheless a record of those times that should be treasured.
World Oceans Day is celebrated on 8 June, and this year Google is marking the occasion with some highlights of the underwater photography it's collected as part of its Street View program. There's brand-new imagery for more than 40 locations around the world, including the Bahamas and the Great Barrier Reef, and you can see all of the locations through the Street View Oceans page.
The initiative is about more than sharing some impressive subaqueous photography, though - Google wants to draw attention to the preservation of these underwater kingdoms. "Mapping the ocean is key to preserving it," write Jenifer Austin and Brian Sullivan of the Google Ocean Program. "Each image in Google Maps is a GPS-located digital record of these underwater and coastal environments, which can be used as a baseline to monitor change over time. This comprehensive record of coral reefs showcases the beauty of these ecosystems and highlights the threats they face."
Google's Street View cameras have captured plenty of underwater creatures alongside the stunning backdrops: you can click around to view sea turtles, humpback whales, great white sharks and the giant sunfish. You rarely get a glimpse of such exotic wildlife on the roads and avenues that make up the standard part of the Street View service. As on land, you can move around underwater in some locations, following the arrows to swim along.
Google
Google has also announced some partnerships for its continued efforts in exploring the ocean floor (and sharing the high-resolution imagery with the rest of us): NOAA's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, Reef Check, Blue Ventures, Our World Underwater Scholarship Society and GUE's Project Baseline are the latest organisations to join Google in its endeavours. The tech giant also works closely with XL Catlin Seaview Survey to make sure its mapping is comprehensive and accurate.
Click through to some of the far-flung locations that Google has provided pictures for and you can read up on the local environments and the pressures they're under - rising global temperatures and increasing storm activity are putting large swathes of the Great Barrier Reef in danger, for example. "This World Oceans Day, we hope that you're inspired to learn more about ocean change," says Google's announcement. "So dive into the deeps of the sea and become engaged to protect the ocean and understand how it supports us, so that all of us can better support it in return."
Google
Street View was launched in 2007 in a limited number of cities in the United States, and has since been expanded across the world. The original fleet of cars has been augmented with backpacks and tricycles, and you can now find Street View coverage for skiing routes, famous natural wonders of the world and the interiors of airports and train stations.
Check out how XL Catlin Seaview Survey helps Google map the oceans in this Smarter Every Day video:
The Israeli cabinet has adopted a bill to authorize the force-feeding of Palestinians who are on hunger strike in Israel's jails.
A proposed law allowing the force-feeding of Palestinians who are on hunger strike in Israel's jails has been approved by the country's cabinet, sources said.The bill on the “Prevention of Damage by Hunger Strikers,” which was proposed by Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan has yet to be endorsed by the Israeli parliament (Knesset) before being signed into law.
“Hunger strikes by imprisoned terrorists have become a weapon with which they are trying to threaten the State of Israel. The cabinet's decision today sends a clear message: we will not blink in the face of any threat,” Erdan was quoted by Reuters as saying on Sunday.
The bill stipulates that Palestinian prisoners must be fed forcibly if their lives are in danger; the measure should be applied after the approval of a district court judge.
The Physicians for Human Right, a non-profit group, lashed out at what it described as “a disgraceful law that was condemned by the medical community in Israel and the world.”
The group said that the law will “legalize torture and gross violations of medical ethics and international conventions.”
Echoing the group were the World Medical Association, the Israel Medical Association and the Association for Civil Rights in Israel, which also harshly condemned the bill.Israel has repeatedly been alarmed about Palestinian hunger strikes in its jails, which occasionally end in death and fuel protests in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
The Israel Medical Association, for its part, claims that force-feeding is a form of torture and that Israeli medics should not adhere to the law in case it is signed into law.
Story highlights CNN anchor cuts segment short after panelist Charles Kaiser used racial slur
Kaiser, an author, used the word moments earlier in a diatribe against Steve Bannon
(CNN) — "The more I've sat here and listened to the fact that somebody used the N-word on this show -- it is not OK. It is not OK, Charles Kaiser."
So said Brooke Baldwin during Tuesday's episode of "CNN Newsroom," punctuating a jaw-dropping moment that featured a live guest's use of a racial slur.
"Charles... just hang on a second," she said. "Please don't use the N-word on my show."
Whether you're quoting someone or not, using the n-word on my show is not okay. Period. — Brooke Baldwin (@BrookeBCNN) November 22, 2016
Kaiser then tried to explain his reasoning and choice of terminology.
Read More
When many people hear the word “comics” they tend to think of superheroes.
There's nothing wrong with that, it's just that comics can (and have been) so much more.
Now I will grant that I have probably not been doing a very good job in dispelling this stereotype, after all this blog has primarily talked about superheroes, but I like to think of this blog as a way to educate and inform people about parts of comic book history that are a bit obscure and totally crazy.
With that being said, let's take a look at a character who isn't really a superhero, but enjoyed a tremendous amount of success during the Golden Age of Comics: Powerhouse Pepper.
Origin and Career
Powerhouse Pepper made his first appearance in Timely Comics' Joker Comics #1 in April of 1942.
I'm not going to lie, after looking at superheroes punching out Nazis for the past couple of weeks, this is a welcome relief.
The character was created by comic book legend, and a man with the kind of name that belongs in a funny comic, Basil Wolverton.
Basil is considered to be one of the great humor artists ever, and was dubbed the “Michelangelo of Mad Magazine” by the New York Times in 2009.
While he is famous for creating the character “Lena the Hyena”,
and for developing an iconic art style that didn't just work for humor, but for horror as well,
his signature creation was the dimwitted, super strong boxer with a heart of gold and a penchant for the ladies: Powerhouse Pepper.
The character made his mark in a long series of 6-8 page stories that jumped around from titles such as Joker Comics,
To Gay Comics,
and even managed to get his own title for a little bit.
As mentioned above, the man was a boxer and a very good one at that. While he wasn't really a superhero, he certainly appeared to have superpowers, up to and including super strength and durability.
The man was a lovable and dimwitted oaf, unconcerned with petty things like money or fame.
He did have a soft spot for the ladies and did his level best to be as polite and chivalrous as possible, even if it meant taking on opponents three times his size.
I would say he's a Popeye ripoff, but what really sets him apart from everyone's favorite spinach eating sailor is his penchant for rhyming and alliteration in his dialogue.
These stories are absolutely hilarious and Basil Wolverton's creation deserves to go down in history as one of the greatest humor characters ever created.
So what happened?
Sadly, while Powerhouse has an impressive pedigree and the kind of history that should have made him into a timeless classic, the character's exposure to modern day comic book audiences has been somewhat limited.
While you can find reprints of Basil Wolverton's work, and there is a great website you can visit and view many of his appearances, Marvel has not bothered to reprint or promote any of the old Powerhouse Pepper stories.
If you ask me, it's a crying shame because from what I've been able to read, these stories are hilarious and still hold up today.
Hello everyone. Normally this is the part of the article where I would ask you to support us on Patreon or donate to a Kickstarter. We don't have those but instead we have a printed edition of our bi weekly web comic “The Secret Lives of Villains” available on for purchase on Amazon here.
Advertisements
party was shocked +
NEW DELHI: The BJP registered a surprise win in the Rajya Sabha polls in Haryana with Subhash Chandra, the candidate it backed, defeating Congress-supported RK Anand. Anand's defeat came after votes of 14 MLAs of the Congress were declared invalid.Even before the elections, there was speculation that the overwhelming majority of the 17 Congress MLAs, owing allegiance to former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, would not toe the party line on supporting Anand.Sources said theby the behaviour of the 14 MLAs who apparently got their votes invalid by marking the ballot with a wrong pen and would go into the entire issue and fix responsibility. It is likely to seek explanation from Hooda, sources said.For the record, AICC general secretary and Haryana in-charge B K Hariprasad said, "We have sought a report from the PCC and the Independent candidate and we are going to lodge a complaint with the Election Commission about the way the election was conducted."The Congress also failed in its attempt to secure victory for JMM candidate Basant Soren, son of party supremo Shibu Soren, backed by it in Jharkhand where a ruling BJP nominee Mahesh Poddar won by a whisker after an arrested JMM MLA and a Congress MLA facing arrest could not vote.In the 27 seats spread across seven states that were up for grabs in Saturday's voting, 11 went to BJP, 6 to Congress, 7 to Samajwadi Party, 2 to BSP and one Independent. Thirty of the 57 seats in the current round of biennial elections were decided without contest last week.Former Union minister and Congress heavyweight Kapil Sibal won from Uttar Pradesh after defeating BJP-backed candidate Preeti Mahapatra, wife of a Mumbai-based businessman, without the anticipated support of BSP whose two candidates Satish Chandra Mishra and Ashok Sidharth won comfortably.Senior Congress leaders Oscar Fernandes and Jairam Ramesh were elected to Rajya Sabha from Karnataka where cross-voting by rebel JD(S) MLAs enabled ruling Congress gain a third seat. Former IPS officer K C Ramamurthy won the seat defeating JD(S)-backed Independent candidate B M Farooq, a businessman, in the third seat.Union ministers M Venkaiah Naidu, Birender Singh, Nirmala Sitharaman and M A Naqvi were the other big winners in the polls held on Saturday.
Russian plane-maker Sukhoi presented at the Paris Air Show the 17th of 30 deliveries of its Superjet 100 to Mexican carrier Interjet. With the remainder of the order expected to be finished by the end of 2016, this Central American presence is giving Sukhoi greater confidence in its sales outlook.
Superjet is a joint venture between Sukhoi Holding and Italy's Finmeccanica-Alenia Aermacchi and the aircraft itself is a testament to international cooperation: the landing gear and avionics come from French groups Safran and Thales, the braking systems from America's UTC, the flight control system Swiss-based Liebherr, while the interior design is done by Pininfarina, the Italian group that designs Ferraris.
The Superjet's international DNA
While Sukhoi hails the Superjet's technical aspects as state of the art, it is the interior that is striking. The goal of the Superjet according to its technical teams is “to provide a new standard of comfort.” On this Interjet version, all 93 seats are unusually and refreshingly spacious. The seat pitch, the distance between a seat and the one in front or behind, is 34 inches. By means of comparison, in an Airbus operated by Easyjet the seat pitch is 29 inches (you can compare seat pitch on various flights here ). Those extra inches will be a relief for those taller passengers not used to enjoying much legroom.
The seat width, at 18.5 inches, is at least half an inch more than what passengers will typically find in economy class aboard an Airbus regional aircraft and more again compared to a Boeing.
Of course the seat pitch depends on the cabin configuration chosen by the airline; with 98 seats instead of 93 the pitch is 32 inches, and falls to 30 inches for 103 seats, which is more in line with most regional aircraft.
Depending on the airline, Superjet 100 passengers should enjoy more legroom than they are used to
Will the Superjet 100 export outside its own sales comfort zone?
Interjet is the Superjet's first Western buyer and second largest customer after Aeroflot. The majority of buyers are Russian or from ex-Soviet states. Sukhoi is now looking to Asia and the lucrative potential of the Chinese market that has all aircraft manufacturers licking their lips. Sukhoi are making China and India their sales priority and parent company UAC has set up a leasing company with China to encourage sales there.
What may hold back Superjet sales is the lack of ‘family'. While other manufacturers offer shorter or longer versions of their regional aircraft, the Superjet 100 is an ‘only child'. Sukhoi is looking to change this though. Market research has suggested that sizing up would be wiser than sizing down so we may well see a 120+ passenger Superjet that would enter the same market space as the likes of the Bombardier Cseries, which made its debut at this year's Paris Air Show, and the Embraer E-jet family.
Airlines will ultimately judge whether the Superjet 100 lives up to the 10% increased fuel efficiency that Sukhoi promises. But if the promise to not compromise on passenger comfort is kept, that is a very persuasive argument for those who buy flight tickets
Do you believe that the media always tells you the truth? Do you believe social media only features what is posted from others on your timeline? Do you believe the police only go after the guilty and are truly there to serve and protect you? Do you believe that TSA body scans, cell phone data collection, police roadside DUI “checks”, drones monitoring on American soil and red light cameras are objects found in a free society?
According to Rutherford Institute lawyer John Whitehead, the answers to all of these questions is a resounding NO!
In his book Battlefield America: The War on The American People, Whitehead compellingly explains why we should answer all of these questions in the negative. I must admit, as someone who was not totally on board with all of his thesis points, this book opened my eyes even further, and quote frankly chilled me.
“The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.”
In Whitehead's view, the Fourth Amendment serves as a bedrock protection for individuals in a free society. While the examples he cites in Battlefield America violate many constitutional principles, the police state's war against the Fourth Amendment's protections stands as the central theme of the book.
“Living in a free society means not having to look over your shoulder to see whether the government is watching or fearing that a government agent might perpetuate violence upon you. Unfortunately, subjected as we are to government surveillance from body scanners, militarized police, roadside strip searches, SWAT team raids, drones, and other trappings of a police state, “we the people” do not live in a free society any longer.”
Whitehead asserts that the system of government Americans currently live under is a mixture of a fascist regime and a corporatist system, not the Constitutional Republic the country was founded under. Ron Paul sums up the idea in the forward to the book,
“Under a fascist system, property is nominally held in private hands and the economy is officially “free.” All appearances to the contrary, however, the economy in a fascist system is carefully controlled by government through a labyrinth of taxes and regulations. This government control is usually exercised for the benefit of an economic elite that works to perpetuate the power of the existing political class. Other characteristics of fascist systems include a militaristic foreign policy and a police state that abuses our civil liberties. Only the willfully ignorant could deny that America's foreign policy is militaristic, and we have already seen the myriad ways in which modern government abuses our civil liberties. A fascist system also singles out critics of the regime for harassment. From stopping scholars who are critical of America from entering the country to harassing journalists whose works displease the current administration to siccing the IRS on organizations critical of the current administration's policies, government harassment of their political critics has become increasing common.”
In Chapter 6: Fascism American Style, Whitehead writes,
“This type of rule was at first called “corporatism,” meaning that vast sectors of the economy, government, and politics would be managed by private business concerns. It's what is called “privatization” today by various government politicians. And, believe it or not, it was championed initially by Italian fascist Benito Mussolini and later by Adolf Hitler.”
Whitehead discusses numerous examples of abuses inherent in the bastardized American system throughout the book. Some of the most shocking include: no knock warrants, SWAT raids on incorrect locations leading to the injury or death of innocent people, huge asset forfeitures for minor offenses and excessive cavity searches that led to zero arrests.
So, how did we get to this point?
If we knew what was going on, we trusted that we had nothing to fear because we weren't knowingly breaking the law. Maybe we gullibly believed the media would tell us the truth without attaching opinions to the news. Some of us even foolishly stayed silent because we weren't being affected directly. If we didn't know what was happening, we remained blissfully ignorant of the facts: distracted by Facebook, championship hugging matches (I mean boxing matches), football, baseball, American Idol, or any of the other things that can keep one happily absorbed in their own pleasures and kept our heads in the sand.
“Here's the problem as I see it: “We the people” have become so trusting, so gullible, so easily distracted, so out- of- touch and so sure that our government will always do the right thing by us that we have ignored the warning signs all around us.” “I often hear many Americans ask, if I'm not doing anything wrong, why should I care if the government wants to spy me? You should care for this reason: once you allow the government to start breaking the law, no matter how seemingly justifiable the reason, you relinquish the contract between you and the government which establishes that the government works for and obeys you, the citizen— the employer— the master. And once the government starts operating outside the law, answerable to no one but itself, there's no way to rein it back in, short of revolution.”
Whitehead cites two seemingly prophetic historical quotes that should ring true today more than ever.
“First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Socialist. Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Trade Unionist. Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me— and there was no one left to speak for me.” -MARTIN NIEMÖLLER “It is always a simple matter to drag people along whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. This is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in every country.” -Nazi Field Marshal, HERMANN GOERING, at the Nuremburg trials
So then, what can we do? Whitehead asserts that we should engage in non-violent resistance, similar to that of Martin Luther King. We should also attempt to nullify unjust laws at the local level. We must be aware that such action will surely land us in the crosshairs of the very police state we seek to limit and we must except the consequences of our actions.
“I submit that an individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and willingly accepts the penalty by staying in jail to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the very highest respect for the law.” MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.
Many will say that jail is too high a price for alerting the general public about unjust behaviors by our government. I submit to you that the government has previously passed laws, upheld by the Supreme Court, that allowed segregation based on race, internment of Japanese citizens during WW2, Jim Crow laws and many other atrocities that were eventually overturned by citizens with the courage to fight for what they felt was right and just. Do we have that same courage or will we, as a whole, allow these overreaches to continue?
In conclusion, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this work by Whitehead, terrifying as it was! This book will open even the most closed mind that something is clearly not right. I have deliberately left much of the summary out of this review in hopes that the little I did give you will whet your appetite to purchase a copy and digest the information on your own and at your own pace.
In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, Russian President Vladimir Putin, center, sits with Valentina Tereshkova, the world's first woman cosmonaut, left, and former Soviet cosmonaut Alexei Leonov, who
Under U.S. President Donald Trump, the level of trust between the U.S. and Russia has deteriorated, Russian President Putin said Tuesday as his country's foreign minister met his American counterpart.
>> Analysis: Trump's comprehensive demolition of Putin propaganda trying to cover up Assad's chemical attack <<
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Moscow on Wednesday that it was important not to allow a repeat of U.S. strikes in Syria.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson enter a hall during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. MAXIM SHEMETOV/REUTERS
Lavrov said the strikes carried out by the United States on a Syrian airbase last week were unlawful.
>> Three scenarios to expect from Tillerson-Putin clash of the titans | Analysis <<
He added that he expected to hold frank and honest discussions with Tillerson on forming a broad anti-terrorism coalition.
On Tuesday, the White House accused Russia of taking part in a cover-up of the chemical weapons attack in Syria.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
According to a declassified report released Tuesday, U.S. intelligence confirms that the Syrian regime used sarin gas on civilians, and that the Syrian and Russian governments are seeking to confuse the international community by disseminating "false narratives."
The U.S. position on Syria remains a mystery to Moscow and Washington's rhetoric tends to be primitive and loutish, Russian news agencies quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Wednesday.
Ryabkov's remarks were released minutes before U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the highest level representative of the Trump administration to visit Russia, was due to start talks with his Russian counterpart.
As Tillerson arrived in Moscow, President Donald Trump declared Assad "an animal."
"Frankly, Putin is backing a person that's truly an evil person. I think it's very bad for Russia," Trump told the Fox Business Network. "I think it's very bad for mankind."
Ryabkov said that at the talks Russia expected to discuss no-fly zones in Syria, and that North Korea and Ukraine would also be on the agenda.
"As a whole, the administration's stance with regard to Syria remains a mystery. Inconsistency is what comes to mind first of all," RIA news agency quoted Rybakov as telling reporters.
"In general, primitiveness and loutishness are very characteristic of the current rhetoric coming out of Washington. We'll hope that this doesn't become the substance of American policy," RIA quoted Ryabkov as saying.
Gotcha: Satellites Help Strip Seafood Pirates Of Their Booty
Enlarge this image toggle caption Randy Olson/National Geographic/Getty Images Randy Olson/National Geographic/Getty Images
Most of the seafood Americans eat comes from abroad. And a lot of that is caught illegally — by vessels that ignore catch limits, or that fish in areas off-limits to fishing.
No one knows how much of it is illegal, because the oceans are too big to patrol. Or at least, they were. Now environmental groups have harnessed satellite technology to watch pirate fishing vessels from space — and they've already caught some of them.
Environmental groups, as well as the U.S. government, say pirate fishing endangers fish stocks and undercuts U.S. fishing fleets that follow the rules. But consumers care as well, and so the people who supply them.
ProFish is a big seafood distributor in Washington, D.C., in a compound of brick warehouses tourists rarely see. Inside, in a maze of high-ceilinged rooms, workers in waterproof overalls filet fish on cutting tables and hose down cement floors. Giant refrigeration units keep the place numbingly cold.
John Rorapaugh is the sustainability director at ProFish. Rorapaugh says sustainable seafood is caught or farmed in a "responsible" way that doesn't threaten fish populations or harm the environment. His fish lie in tubs of crushed ice. Among them are steel-colored tuna and glittering striped bass — and a fish with a yellow stripe like a Nike swoosh.
"Mahi mahi," he says, in a tone you might use to describe show horses. "You should see it when it comes out of the water. It is just the most beautiful fish."
Rorapaugh says that to ensure a fish has a pedigree as sustainable, it needs a story — its genus and species, when and where it was caught and who caught it. Rorapaugh says fish caught in the U.S. come with that information, but imported seafood usually does not.
"God forbid you ask where it was caught, and most people, by the time it gets to us, they have no idea," he says. Asked if he would like to have that information from importers, he says, "Of course. I would love to see more chain of custody. And I think that's what the consumer wants. We're seeing that people want to buy fish that have a story, that are sutainable and clearly are legal."
He notes that those people are the high end of the market, not the ones who buy frozen fish sticks at the supermarket. But he says more people are asking about the kind of fish they're getting and how it was caught.
And what most people don't know is that a lot of it, billions of dollars' worth of seafood every year, is caught illegally — caught in protected areas, or from overfished populations, for example. Tracking the illegal trade is a nightmare. A fish could be caught by a Korean vessel, shipped to a Chinese packing plant and sold to a distributor in Canada before it gets to the U.S.
But now there's a new way to monitor the trade at its very start, on the high seas: By watching it from space.
toggle caption Courtesy of SkyTruth via Exact Earth ShipView
John Amos is one of the pioneers. He runs a small organization in West Virginia called SkyTruth. He started out collecting satellite images of oil spills in the ocean. In 2011, he learned about the automatic identification system, or AIS, which ships use to prevent collisions at sea.
"Those AIS communication broadcasts can be picked up by orbiting satellites," Amos explains. Large ships carry electronic devices that constantly broadcast the ship's location and heading. This signal includes the boat's name and where it's from.
Working with Google, Amos developed software that uses AIS signals to track up to 150,000 vessels all over the world.
And he's also collaborating with the Pew Charitable Trusts, a nonprofit that's trying to curb illegal fishing with a program called Eyes on the Seas.
Amos learned how to recognize the kind of movement displayed on a map of the ocean that indicates a boat is fishing. "It's kind of a slow back and forth movement that would indicate they've put fishing gear, like long lines with baited hooks, into the water," he says.
Now, clearly Amos can't watch all the world's oceans. Instead, he's been watching areas pinpointed by experts at Pew, such as new or proposed marine reserves, and places frequented by pirate fishing vessels.
Last month, Amos was tracking boats near Palau, an island nation in the Pacific Ocean near Indonesia. He spotted one boat following a telltale fishing pattern. The AIS data revealed it was a Taiwanese boat. He contacted officials in Palau, who said the boat was fishing illegally.
"The authorities in Palau decided to intercept it, and they sent their patrol boat out," Amos recalls. He monitored both boats from his office in West Virginia, using AIS data.
"(It was) kind of nail-biting time," he remembers, "where we're sitting in the office past midnight, monitoring our computer screen so that we could provide updated location information to the authorities in Palau that they could relay to the patrol boat."
Authorities boarded the vessel, and according to the Palau government, it was crammed with illegally caught tuna and shark fins.
So AIS tracking works — but it's limited. It only transmits data on a ship's location and identity. And a ship captain can switch it off. So the Pew Trusts is now acquiring actual images of ships, taken from satellite cameras and radar onboard satellites.
Tony Long, who leads Pew's Ending Illegal Fishing campaign and is a former Royal Navy electronic warfare expert, says radar and photos give you much more information.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
"You can see what type of vessel it is," he says, "and any activity on deck, and indeed, if there is any fishing gear in the water."
One thing he looks for is the transfer of fish from one vessel to another. That's not illegal, but it's often a way to launder illegally caught fish, to mix it with a legal catch, for example. "You can see quite clearly two vessels side by side," he says of the images.
The satellite system has already caught at least two boats fishing illegally. But it can't catch every pirated fish. And once a fish reaches land, the route to the American dinner table gets, as fisheries expert Beth Lowell puts it, "Opaque, vague, foggy."
Lowell works at Oceana, another environmental organization trying to curb illegal fishing. Lowell says when it comes to stories, even spinach has a clearer plotline than fish. "If you look on the back of some bags of spinach, you can put a code in and track it back to the farm it came from," she notes.
The federal government is now drafting a plan that would encourage governments and international organizations to document every link in the whole seafood chain, something Lowell calls "traceability."
For every batch of seafood, she says, authorities would know that "it got picked up at the warehouse, it's on shipment to the next site, it's on a plane, now it's on your doorstep. And that's what we want to be able to do with seafood."
The federal government is due to publish its plan for cracking down on illegal fishing this spring. If it works, more of your fish may be coming with a tale attached.
MONTREAL — The cabinet Justin Trudeau unveils on Nov. 4 will have to hit the ground running. From recasting Canada in the anti-Islamic State international coalition, to deciding the fate of the just-negotiated TransPacific Partnership, beating a ticking Supreme Court clock on medically-assisted suicide, rewriting the Conservative anti-terrorism legislation and setting up an inquiry into missing and murdered aboriginal women, many of the items on the incoming government's to-do list are time sensitive.
To show he means business on gender parity, Justin Trudeau (right) could pick Chrystia Freeland (left) to be his finance minister. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
On Tuesday, Trudeau said he expected his future ministers to be “actual deciders.” Time will tell how much real autonomy that job description will entail. What is certain is that the men and women who make up the first Liberal cabinet in a decade will all have their work cut out for them clearing an overloaded policy agenda. Over and above all other cabinet choices, Trudeau's picks for the finance and environment portfolios are the ones that stand to define his rookie government. Here's why. By definition, the finance minister comes second only to the prime minister in the cabinet pecking order. There is no margin of error in selecting the right person for the job, for one cannot change finance ministers like one changes shirts.
Article Continued Below
When Stephen Harper first came to power, Jim Flaherty had the inside track on the finance post and picking Paul Martin was a no-brainer for Jean Chrétien. In contrast with his predecessors, Trudeau has a variety of routes he could take. Some are more adventurous than others. The Liberal leader wants to appoint an equal number of men and women to his cabinet. In the past, the promise to make more room at the top for women has mostly translated into filling the bottom tier of the cabinet with female ministers while leaving the front-line portfolios in male hands. Canada has never had a female finance minister. To show he means business on gender parity, Trudeau could pick an economics-savvy former journalist such as University-Rosedale MP Chrystia Freeland. Quebec was a bit player in Harper's three governments. Appointing one of his fellow Quebecers to finance would reinforce the message that the province is back at the big table. Economist Jean-Yves Duclos — who managed to get elected in the Quebec City Conservative heartland on Monday — has strong credentials for the post.
Toronto-Centre MP Bill Morneau is both an experienced Bay Street figure and a fresh face on Parliament Hill. His appointment would reassure corporate Canada that there will continue to be open channels between it and the new government without diluting Trudeau's change message. A trio of veteran parliamentarians with hands-on experience in government in the shape of Ralph Goodale, John McCallum and Scott Brison round out the “safe” section of the list.
Article Continued Below
There is no such competition for the environment portfolio. If Trudeau is serious about dusting off the climate change file he will reappoint Stéphane Dion to his previous ministerial brief. Little would send the international community the message that Canada is back in the climate change battle more loudly than the return of the last federal minister to have played a constructive role on the issue on the world stage. In contrast with finance, the place of the environmental file on a government's radar is proportional to the influence of its ministerial keeper. A former party leader, Dion has the gravitas to ensure the environment brief is not (again) shoved off the table. The pipeline debate is where Quebec's sovereigntist leadership has determined to draw its latest line in the sand. Dion fought and won a war of words on the rules of a future referendum against more articulate sovereigntist champions than the current ones. Trudeau has long argued that a lack of social licence accounted for the Conservative failure to get a single pipeline project off the drawing board. A strong pro-environment voice in the top tier of the cabinet is a precondition to restoring public confidence in the pipeline approval process. It won't be hard for Trudeau to find a more inspiring finance minister than Joe Oliver turned out to be in the dying years of the Harper reign. But on his choice of an environment minister, the Liberal prime-minister-elect will be held to a higher standard. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
I'm not a web developer. I don't write code, I don't make apps, I don't create and run CPM marketing campaigns or build things in MySQL or whatever else. But I'm street smart times ten and I know exactly what you really mean no matter how you say it to me.
And when a company, in defending the privacy settings of its site or apps or platform, makes the following statement: “We are committed to protecting your privacy,” I know what they really mean.
Which is this:
“We are committed to winning the User Generated Data Arms Race by any means possible, our marketing proposition to big-spending advertisers will be cat nip when we show them just how incredibly targeted we can get.
“We are collecting and slicing and dicing as much data on you and everyone you communicate with and every site you interface with and every service you spend time using as quickly and as comprehensively as we can.
“We are in the business of privacy setting arbitrage, we are giving you so many options and buttons and levers that it is a virtual certainty you will leave a door slightly ajar or a window unlocked somewhere along the line – and because we are the providers of the security system itself, the ease with which we can violate your intent toward privacy is hilarious.
Some of this data we are using in-house to improve our chances of keeping you engaged, some of it we are using to find ways to sell things to you. Some of it we are selling to third parties as per the terms and conditions in the 6000-word disclaimer everyone “checked” but no one actually read. And some of your data we are storing for a later date when we figure out what it might be useful for.
“And when we say data – we have pictures of you and your friends and family and kids. We know where you go on vacation, what political leanings you have, who you pray to, what size clothing you wear, what you read, which foods you like and what kind of shit you buy at 2 in the morning from an iPad. We know the movies you rent, the music you download and we can triangulate your purchases to determine when you might have a baby, get married or quit your job.
“And if we can't monetize this stuff, you're goddamn right we'll find someone who can. Our millions of subs are warm bodies to be harvested and advertised to, if we could find a way to stick a cookie up your ass, believe us, we would do it. Keep clicking.”
That's what they really mean by “committed to protecting your privacy.” The justification they'll use is that all of this data is being pored over and resold in the aggregate so it never gets truly personal. Which is bullshit, they just haven't created the code that will algorithmically abuse our privacy on a one-on-one, hyper-detailed level yet. Rest assured, they're working around the clock to get to that point – the funding and the “exit” pretty much counts on it.
Happy Easter, my fellow eggs.
Read Also:
Selling You on Facebook (WSJ)
The Blue Jays officially open Spring Training in less than two weeks, and when games begin, Sportsnet, Sportsnet 590 The FAN and sportsnet.ca will have you covered.
Sportsnet 2014 Spring Training Broadcast Schedule – TV
All broadcasts available on Sportsnet NOW
March
· Thursday, March 3, Pittsburgh Pirates @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Sunday, March 8, Pittsburgh Pirates @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Friday, March 13, Baltimore Orioles @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Saturday, March 14, New York Yankees @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Sunday, March 22, Tampa Bay Rays @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Friday, March 27, Detroit Tigers @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Saturday, March 28, Atlanta Braves @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Sunday, March 29, Baltimore Orioles @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
April
· Montreal – Friday, April 3, Cincinnati Reds @ Toronto Blue Jays, 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. PT
· Montreal – Saturday, April 4, Cincinnati Reds @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
Sportsnet 2014 Spring Training Broadcast Schedule – Radio
March
· Tuesday, March 3, Pittsburgh Pirates @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Wednesday, March 4, Toronto Blue Jays @ Pittsburgh Pirates, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Thursday, March 5, Toronto Blue Jays @ Baltimore Orioles, 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. ET (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Friday, March 6, Baltimore Orioles @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Saturday, March 7, Toronto Blue Jays @ Philadelphia Phillies, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Sunday, March 8, Pittsburgh Pirates @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Monday, March 9, Houston Astros @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Tuesday, March 10, Minnesota Twins @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Wednesday, March 11, Toronto Blue Jays @ Baltimore Orioles, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Thursday, March 12, Toronto Blue Jays @ Tampa Bay Rays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Friday, March 13, Baltimore Orioles @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Saturday, March 14, New York Yankees @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Sunday, March 15, Canadian Junior National Team @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Tuesday, March 17, Toronto Blue Jays @ New York Yankees, 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Wednesday, March 18, Tampa Bay Rays @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Thursday, March 19, Boston Red Sox @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Friday, March 20, Toronto Blue Jays @ Tampa Bay Rays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Saturday, March 21, Toronto Blue Jays @ Philadelphia Phillies, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Sunday, March 22, Tampa Bay Rays @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Tuesday, March 24, Toronto Blue Jays @ Minnesota Twins, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Wednesday, March 25, Toronto Blue Jays @ Baltimore Orioles, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Thursday, March 26, Philadelphia Phillies @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Friday, March 27, Detroit Tigers @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT
· Saturday, March 28, Atlanta Braves @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Sunday, March 29, Baltimore Orioles @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Monday, March 30, Toronto Blue Jays @ Houston Astros, 6 p.m. ET / 2 p.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Tuesday, March 31, Philadelphia Phillies @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
April
· Wednesday, April 1, Toronto Blue Jays @ Boston Red Sox, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (sportsnet.ca)
· Montreal – Friday, April 3, Cincinnati Reds @ Toronto Blue Jays, 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
· Montreal – Saturday, April 4, Cincinnati Reds @ Toronto Blue Jays, 1 p.m. ET / 10 a.m. PT (Sportsnet 590 The FAN)
