For women in the military, it's been a long time in the making, but just recently—along with the announcement that it would open all units and jobs to women by 2016—the U.S. Army debuted new women-friendlier unisex uniforms.
"The old uniform was meant to be one size fits five sizes; these are more tailored," said Central Initial Issue Point project manager Trevor Whitworth. "When you're low crawling or doing a lot of physical training, it's nice to have a pair of trousers that have a little give-and-take to them. I think having made uniforms for a female body type will make a big difference for female soldiers."
Some of the changes to the current silhouette include adjusting the cut to fit a woman's chest, hips, and waist better; narrower shoulder width and narrower back; shortening the button-fly rise and back rise to better fit women; and repositioned knee and elbow patches.
The new Army Combat Uniforms are currently being issued to new soldiers going through Basic Combat Training at Fort Sill in Oklahoma and will be available "at all installations—except Fort Benning in Columbus, Ga.," according to CBS Atlanta. Available in 16 sizes, the new uniform was tested by 600 active-duty, National Guard, and Reserve women soldiers in 2011.
"An overwhelming majority, 94 percent of all respondents, said that the cut of the new ACU-A allowed them to present a better military appearance," said Major Laverne Stanley, the assistant product manager of soldier clothing and individual equipment.
What do you think about the new uniforms? Did you know that one in six soldiers in the U.S. Army is a woman? Tell us what you think in the comments, below.
Photos: Getty, U.S. Army
Thanks for taking the time to visit our Just Giving page.
Jacks family and friends are climbing Ben Nevis on 30th April 2017.
This would have been Jacks 13th birthday. Sadly Jack passed away in January 2014 aged 9. Jacks life was always an uphill battle which he faced with smiles, humour and sheer determination, talents we are hoping to reflect during our own challenge to climb Ben Nevis.
We are raising funds for a small national charity that became part of our lives because of Jack. They are a wonderful charity that support families of children with special needs of any kind and organise events to bring families together to support one another . We go to summer camp with Special kids in the UK each year and continue to support other families as Special Kids have continued to support us. We want to help enable the charity to offer the same for other families like ours.
over the next 100 days we will face a changing lifestyle.
Swimming, running.. walking and going to the gym.
Sourcing the right equipment and getting physically and mentally prepared.
Please consider making a donation , no matter how big or small every penny is very gratefully received in memory of our Jack :)
Resolving and Exploiting the k-CFA Paradox, Matthew Might, Yannis Smaragdakis, and David Van Horn. To appear in PLDI 2010.
Low-level program analysis is a fundamental problem, taking the shape of "flow analysis" in functional languages and "points-to" analysis in imperative and object-oriented (OO) languages. Despite the similarities, the vocabulary and results in the two communities remain largely distinct, with limited cross-understanding. One of the few links is Shivers's k-CFA work, which has advanced the concept of "context-sensitive analysis" and is widely known in both communities. Recent results, however, indicate that the relationship between the different incarnations of the analysis is not understood.
Van Horn and Mairson proved k-CFA for k â‰¥ 1 to be EXPTIME-complete, hence no polynomial algorithm exists. Yet there have been multiple polynomial formulations of context-sensitive points-to analyses in OO languages. Is functional k-CFA a profoundly different analysis from OO k-CFA? We resolve this paradox by showing that OO features conspire to make the exact same specification of k-CFA be polynomial-time: objects and closures are subtly different, in a way that interacts crucially with context-sensitivity. This leads to a significant practical result: by emulating the OO approximation, we derive a polynomial hierarchy of context-sensitive CFAs for functional programs, simultaneously achieving high precision and efficiency.
Fox News host Eric Bolling pulled a Rudy Giuliani on Wednesday, asserting that there were no terrorist attacks on "American soil" during President Bush's term in office.
Giuliani famously made a similar assertion in early 2010, saying, "we had no domestic attacks under Bush." Of course, the 9/11 attacks happened under Bush.
Bolling's misstatement came during a discussion on the network's Glenn Beck replacement show, "The Five." He and a panel--which included former Bush spokeswoman Dana Perino--were arguing about whether Bush had been guilty of "fear-mongering" during his tenure. Panelist Bob Beckel said that the former president had used fear-mongering around the non-existent weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. As he attempted to continue his point, Bolling cut him off and started to move on to the next segment.
"America was certainly safe between 2000 and 2008," he said. "I don't remember any attacks on American soil during that period of time." Nobody on the panel challenged this comment.
WATCH:
The Texas Division of Emergency Management has activated approximately 700 service members of the Texas Army Guard, Texas Air National Guard and Texas State Guard ahead of Hurricane Harvey's landfall. The hurricane is expected to strengthen into a category 3 storm, meaning it could cause 111-129 mph sustained winds, according to the National Hurricane Center.
"Currently, UH-60 Blackhawk and UH-72 Lakota air crews remain prepositioned and on standby in Austin and San Antonio to assist with any emergency search and rescue, swift water rescues and/or emergency evacuations," the Texas Military Department said in a statement.
"In addition, multiple Texas Army National ground transportation teams have been activated to support local and state agencies with any request for swift water rescues, high water ground transportation and personnel evacuation needs. They remain prepositioned in Victoria and College Station with other locations expected as the storm track becomes clearer. Members of the Texas State Guard are mobilized to provide any local shelter operations and Electronic Tracking Network assistance in the affected counties."
Harvey is projected to make landfall on the central Texas Gulf Coast late Friday or early Saturday. The storm will be the first hurricane since 2008 to make landfall in Texas.
CLOSE Polk County jail offers inmates tablets for limited internet use, at the rate of 5 cents per minute. Wochit
Buy Photo Roger Clark Bretz, an inmate at the Polk County jail in Des Moines, spends time using a tablet on Friday, March 24, 2017. The tablets, powered by Android, feature limited online capabilities and cost the inmates five cents per minute of use. Bretz said he uses it mainly to keep in touch with his family. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave/The Register)Buy Photo
Roger Bretz Jr. sat tapping on a tablet Friday morning inside the Polk County Jail, quietly passing the time playing a car racing video game.
Between his shifts in the jail kitchen, Bretz, 55, pays 5 cents a minute to use one of the six tablets available to the 64 inmates living in his cell block. He can read news articles, watch movies, play games, take online classes or — most importantly to Bretz — stay in better touch with his loved ones on the outside.
“Before it was hard to get a hold of them because you had to call or write, if you could remember their phone numbers and addresses,” said Bretz, who was awaiting trial on an OWI charge. Now, he can send a message and get an instant response.
The Polk County Jail began offering the tablets March 9 through a pilot project with Telmate, an Idaho-based company that provides communication services in more than 300 correctional facilities in North America.
This is the first time Polk County inmates have received access to the internet, and the jail is believed to be the first correctional facility in the state to offer inmates access to internet-enabled devices.
“It's kind of the newest buzz in the correction field,” Polk County's Assistant Jail Administrator Captain Cory Williams said.
Telmate provides 97 tablets to the jail at no cost. The company owns the devices and collects the cents per minute directly from inmates' jail commissary accounts.
Buy Photo Roger Clark Bretz, an inmate at the Polk County jail, demonstrates some of the apps and features of the jail's new tablets on Friday, March 24, 2017. The tablets, powered by Android, feature limited online capabilities and cost the inmates five cents per minute of use. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave/The Register)
The tablets have been a popular addition. Polk County inmates have racked up about 30,000 minutes per day since they were introduced.
Some of that time is free, like when an inmate accesses the digital law library or conducts regular jail business. But for other uses, like movies and email, inmates pay between 3 and 5 cents per minute.
Telmate touts the devices as a way for people who are incarcerated to stay connected to their families and friends. It cites studies that say the more inmates stay connected, the less likely they are to reoffend.
Williams echoes the positive role communication with the outside world can have on an inmate. Plus, the tablets also can be used as a reward system.
“Jail is somewhat boring," Williams said. "We try to provide as much of an educational piece that we can. This is another way we can do that.”
"We have TV and books, but this is just another modern-day tool that we can offer to ensure that behavior is correct.”
Nationally, victims' rights groups have raised concerns that internet-ready devices could be used by inmates for illegal activities or to further harass or intimidate victims.
Telmate tablets are automatically available to newly booked inmates. As long as they follow the jail's rules they can continue to access the devices, Williams said.
However, inmates in segregated areas do not have access to tablets. This includes inmates facing discipline, those in protective custody and those with medical conditions that require separation from the general population.
Correctional facilities across the U.S. began experimenting with tablets as early as 2013. In January, the Indiana Department of Corrections proposed equipping every inmate in the state with a tablet.
The Iowa Department of Corrections is exploring the idea at the nine facilities it operates, department spokeswoman Lettie Prell said. The devices would be used by prisoners for programming and to communicate with family, she said.
Right now, offenders in state facilities have no access to the internet. They can use e-readers for educational programs or an email system with an approved recipients list.
The tablets at Polk County Jail allow a user to access a personal email account, but recipients must first agree to receive the inmate's email before the message is delivered.
CLOSE Polk County jail inmates now have access to the use of tablets, which they can use to communicate with friends and family, or pass time watching movies. They have limited access to online access and will have to pay five cents per minute of usage. Bryon Houlgrave/The Register
Johnson County Sheriff Lonny Pulkrabek, president of the Iowa State Sheriff's and Deputies Association, said he is not aware of any other county considering the idea.
At the Polk County Jail most of the general population cell blocks are now equipped with a tablet station posted on the wall near a jail officer's desk. Each station charges six devices. Inmates can check out a tablet by signing in using a pin number and showing a photo identification.
Williams said the tablet system is expected to save jail money on printing costs and staff time. Inmates can now use the tablets to sign up for programs or schedule time to visit a chaplain or get a haircut. The jail will no longer issue printed rule books to inmates or provide some paper notifications.
The free digital law library will also eliminate the jail's need to purchase a new set of law books each year. That alone should save the county a few thousand dollars, Williams said.
How does it work?
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Q: With whom can jail inmates communicate?
This is the first time Polk County Jail offenders have email access in jail.
Inmates can sign in to their existing Gmail or Yahoo accounts or create a new one. Before anyone receives a message, a third party intervenes and sends a generic email to the recipient on the outside notifying them that an inmate wants to communicate. That person can either accept or reject the communication. This is similar to how the Iowa prison emails system operates.
The jail can monitor the content of emails and block an inmate from emailing certain individuals.
Prior to the tablets, Polk County Jail inmates had three ways to communicate: phone, mail or by scheduling a video chat.
The inmates can't use the tablets to communicate with one another.
Q: What kind of internet access do inmates have?
Inmates don't have access to social media sites like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter or even a browser.
They can't even do a Google search, Williams said.
The tablets are app-based and the jail selects and approves from a list of apps provided by Telmate.
Though wireless, internet access runs through a secure unique virtual private network, or VPN. There's no access to a cellular network.
Jail staff has the ability to block access for disciplinary purposes.
Q: What kind entertainment can they access?
The following is a portion of the list provided by the company, though the county may restrict access to any of these:
News apps: USA Today, CNN, ABC News, Newsweek, Time
Music apps: Vevo, Grooveshark, Rolling Stone, Live Mixed Tapes, Pandora
Sports: MSN, NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL, FIFA, Golf Digest, Tennis, ESPN, Bleacher Report
Health: Help Guide, WebMD, Alcoholism.about.com, Yoga Journal, Mens Health
TV: PBS, Hulu, National Geographic, Comedy Central, Crackle
Entertainment/Games: Over 70 apps including Angry Birds, Archery, Banana Kong, Candy Crush, Chess, etc.
Q: Are communications private?
All of the data collected from the tablets, including communications, belong to Polk County and stored for the life of the contract with Telmate.
Q: How can I electronically contact someone in jail?
Go to www.gettingout.com and sign up. You can message an inmate from your smartphone for a fee.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2nBsXFA
It was an encounter one Ozark 10-year-old will likely never forget.
Called to a home to help control an allegedly “unruly child,” an Ozark police officer was reportedly told by the girl's mother that he could use the electric weapon to subdue her, according to 40/29 News Arkansas.
However, the girl supposedly kicked the officer in the groin when he approached. “He had no other choice [but to Taser her],” Ozark Police Choief Jim Noggle reportedly said. “He had to get the child under control.”
According to the Associated Press, the officer's name is Dustin Bradshaw. His aggressive approach to dealing with a child has the girl's father enraged.
“If you can't pick the kid up and take her to your car, handcuff her, then I don't think you need to be an officer,” Anthony Medlock reportedly said.
Ozark police argued that had the officer grabbed the girl, he could have hurt her. “If you grab somebody, you can slip an arm out of joint,” the police chief added. “They can slip from you and fall on the ground.”
The department's policy is to use a Taser on anyone who is thought to be a threat to others, regardless of age or mental stature, according to 40/29 News. Other area departments have greater restrictions on Taser use.
Medlock also reportedly said the incident is not the first in which the girl's mother has called the police on her daughter. He plans to seek custody of the girl due to the latest police encounter.
The girl has not been named because she is a minor.
I've written for the Scottish Daily Mail about Ed Miliband's decision to rule out a coalition with the SNP no-one was seeking. It makes, I am almost embarrassed to say, the conventional argument. Ed epitomises the banality of mediocrity, his campaign is candy-floss disguised as cast-iron etc etc. The SNP have Labour on the run and all the rest of it. They know what they are doing; Labour does not.
All this may be true. But it's always useful to step back and wonder if there might be a different view. Suppose, just for the sake of argument, Labour are actually in a better position than many people assume? Suppose, just for the sake of argument (if also, admittedly, in contravention of one of the iron laws of punditry) what's happening now doesn't continue to happen forever. Suppose things change. Suppose politics is not actually linear. What then?
Well, the argument for Labour being in a better position – and, thus, the argument for the SNP being in a weaker position than commonly assumed – might run something like this…
When coalition becomes the norm, if your vote isn't for sale your vote is worthless. The SNP have said they won't do a deal with the Tories (more on this anon) which leaves them with nowhere to go. Their vote isn't for sale so their position is weaker than many people think. Consequently, their ability to influence events and extract concessions is reduced.
This assumes, granted, that Ed Miliband is able to form a government of some sort. But a minority government enjoys more security than sometimes supposed. The fixed-term parliament act has seen to that. The threat of dissolution and a fresh election is much reduced. So long as you can pass your Queen's Speech you can govern.
Politics then becomes a game of chicken. Labour are betting, I think, that the SNP would never dare to bring down a minority Labour government. Because doing so would, most probably, put the Tories back into Downing Street.
I know it requires some cognitive creativity to imagine Ed Miliband as Michael Corleone but, nonetheless, his offer to the SNP is simple: his offer is nothing. To switch cinematic references, he points a Magnum at them and asks how lucky they feel. What are they going to do? Where can they go? In other words, the Tory poster is wrong: the SNP are in Miliband's pocket, not the other way round. (And Labour are counting, I suspect, on the fact that swing voters in England don't care who supplies confidence to a Labour government; just that it is able to govern.)
Either Labour and the Tories are just the same or they are not. Half the time the SNP insist there's no great difference between the parties; then they say they can deal with Labour but not the Tories which, you know, kinda suggests the parties might just be different after all. I don't know how many voters notice this contradiction but it exists even if voters don't appreciate it.
Moreover, I think Labour probably think Nicola Sturgeon blundered yesterday when she endorsed the notion of voting SNP in Scotland, Plaid Cymru in Wales and the Greens in England. That's a pretty strange way of getting a Labour government you reckon preferable to a Tory government. Which Green policies does she think so attractive? Permanent recession?
But what about the Tories? There are whispers – little more than that at present – that the Tories could offer the SNP a grand bargain in any post-election discussions. In return for supporting our Queen's Speech, Osborne and Cameron (in that order) will say, you can have a bigger, better, Scotland bill that transfers more powers to Holyrood than those envisaged by the Smith Commission. (In return, of course, the number of Scottish MPs at Westminster would be further reduced. To, say, 30.) We win, you win, what's not to like?
There are problems with this plan, not least that the Scottish Tories do not – as best I understand it – want to have anything to do with it. Nevertheless, they may not be in a position to greatly influence matters. Will they be in the loop or can they be sacrificed?
Hmmm.
If that's how the cards fall, I dare say Jim Murphy can cope with the idea of running a campaign for next year's Holyrood elections in which he would argue “The SNP put the Tories in power and claim they did it ‘For Scotland'. Come on.”
Now the SNP will likely say they wouldn't countenance any such deal – there are risks attached, after all – but if it were a choice between getting some of what they want from the Tories or receiving nothing from Labour, well, things can change, can't they?
That, in turn, would be a test of nerve for the Conservatives. A test of their Unionist credentials too. It would demand much more constitutional change – not just in Scotland but most probably everywhere else too – than is currently even being hinted at. I know there are some Tories thinking about these things – about how, effectively, a federal solution can be bodged together – but there's a long way to go and much more work to be done.
Of course, none of this may come to fruition. Nevertheless, it is a reminder that the situation may be less certain than we sometimes think and that, for all it is tempting to concentrate on Unionist difficulties, the Nationalist position may not be as impregnable as it seems right now. Things do have a habit of changing and what seems to be happening now is no guarantee that things will continue to happen in this way.
Now, the conventional view may well still be correct but it's worth questioning it anyway. Labour's position may be a little stronger than it seems. I think they have boxed-in the SNP. Well, we'll see, I guess.
Four Senate Democrats wrote to Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.) and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) on Wednesday to oppose GOP efforts to defund net neutrality rules through spending legislation.
The letter included Senate Commerce Communications subcommittee Chairman John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump's emergency declaration: WaPo MORE (D-Mass.) and Sens. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.), Maria Cantwell Maria Elaine CantwellThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Senate votes to extend key funding mechanism for parks MORE (D-Wash.) and Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.).
"Telephone and cable companies do not own the Internet. But if [the anti-neutrality effort] is successful, they will," the letter said.
The spending bill that passed the House on Saturday included language to prevent the FCC from using funds to implement its controversial net neutrality rules, which it passed in December over strong objections from Republicans.
"We ask you to object to any similar efforts here in the Senate. Such action aims to strip the FCC of its legal authority over modern communications and hand control of the Internet over to the owners of the wires that deliver information and services over them," the letter says.
The four Democrats also oppose use of the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to repeal the regulations, which is another House proposal.
They point to support for the FCC rules from "the original investors in Google and Netflix, the father of the Internet Tim Berners-Lee, a host of companies, venture capitalists, and hundreds of thousands of users of the Internet."
The signatories include the Senate's most ardent net neutrality advocates. Franken and Cantwell have written legislation to make the rules stronger. The aggressive language in the letter reflects that.
"Unfortunately, the House has decided that it knows better what is good for the Internet than the people who use, fund, and work on it," it says. "They claim to stand for freedom. But the only freedom they are providing for is the freedom of telephone and cable companies to determine the future of the Internet, where you can go on it, what you can attach to it, and which services will win or lose on it."
ADVERTISEMENT
Analysts say defunding net neutrality through the continuing resolution may be difficult because Senate Democrats and President Obama support the rules.
However, they also say it may have slightly better odds than repeal through the Congressional Review Act (CRA), because net neutrality is a lesser priority compared to top Democratic items such as healthcare. Advocates fear their priority could get lost in the mix.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-Texas), ranking member on the Commerce Committee, Sen. John Ensign (R-Nev.), ranking member of the Communications subcommittee, and McConnell introduced a resolution of disapproval last week to repeal the rules through the CRA.
Reid on Tuesday said that Senate Democrats would not accept any of a number of riders attached to the CR by the House.
"We're not going to resolve the issues of abortion, or net neutrality, or clean air on this CR," Sen. Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) told reporters.
The House bill cuts $61 billion from 2010 levels, while Reid and Senate Democrats have said they will only accept much smaller cuts from current spending. If differences cannot be resolved, the government could shut down.
- Erik Wasson contributed to this report.
Ron Paul: Gary Johnson 'wonderful'
Ron Paul hasn't issued a general election endorsement and doesn't seem likely to, but he at least had some warm words for Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson.
(PHOTOS: 25 best quotes from Ron Paul's 2012 campaign)
In a Fox interview — cut into this longer Johnson campaign video — Paul said this of the former New Mexico governor: “I think he's wonderful and I think he's doing a good job and people should look at him and every individual should make up their own mind.”
Johnson has tried strenuously to court Paul supporters for his own cause. There hasn't been a direct migration of support from one libertarian to another, but it's probably the best shot Johnson has of gaining modest traction in the general election.
(PHOTOS: Ron Paul's career)
Story highlights Investigators found an "improvised launch device" outside of Yokota Air Base, officials say
Residents report hearing two small cannon-type bangs at about 11 p.m. local time
No injuries or points of impact have been reported, authorities said
U.S. and Japanese authorities were investigating two small explosions Thursday outside an American air base near Tokyo, officials said.
Investigators found two metal tubes and a simple timing device, which U.S. authorities described as an "improvised launch device," near the Yokota Air Base.
"We can confirm there was an improvised launch device outside Yokota over the evening," according to a statement released by the base.
"... We take matters of security at our installation very seriously and we are assisting the Japanese National Police in their investigation into the matter."
No injuries were reported, and U.S. investigators combed the base for most of the night and into the early morning hours searching for possible impact points, said Capt. Ray Geoffroy, an Air Force spokesman.
Residents outside the base reported hearing two small, cannon-type bangs at about 11 p.m. local time, the Tachikawa Police Department said.
Daisy Gonzaga, who was staying near the base, said she heard two explosions.
At first, she said she thought they were fireworks being set off as part of a Thanksgiving Day celebration inside the base.
Gonzaga said when she did not see the fireworks, she thought it might be something a little more serious.
Gambians flee as west African states consider military intervention if Jammeh refuses to cede power to Adama Barrow
Senegal is hosting Adama Barrow, president-elect of neighbouring the Gambia, until his inauguration on 19 January, as the small west African country's longtime leader, Yahya Jammeh, refuses to step down peacefully despite mediation efforts and calls from regional and international leaders.
Jammeh had initially conceded to Barrow after losing elections on 1 December but changed his mind a week later, saying the vote was invalid, citing irregularities. His party has submitted a petition to the supreme court against the results, but there are not enough judges currently presiding to hear the case.
Leaders from west Africa's regional bloc, Ecowas, have met Jammeh and Barrow in attempts to mediate, and Nigeria has offered asylum to Jammeh. However, Ecowas said no deal had been reached yet.
Forces on standby to oust Gambian president Yahya Jammeh Read more
After meeting African leaders at the France-Africa summit in Mali on Saturday, Barrow is now in Senegal, according to an official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
At the request of Ecowas, Senegal will host Barrow until his inauguration, the official said.
The Gambia is on a knife-edge. Yahya Jammeh must step aside | Momodou Musa Touray Read more
The west African regional bloc has said that if Jammeh does not cede power it will consider military intervention and has already prepared a standby force led by Senegal, which almost completely surrounds the Gambia. A Nigerian army memo has also ordered officers to prepare a battalion of 800 troops for a possible military intervention should Jammeh not step down.
The African Union has announced it will cease to recognise Jammeh as the Gambia's legitimate leader from 19 January, when his mandate expires, and warned of “serious consequences” if his actions led to the loss of lives.
The political uncertainty has in the past 10 days made several thousand Gambians – mostly women and children – flee the country of about 1.9 million people and cross the borders into Senegal.
A man who was beating his girlfriend and then turned on a woman who intervened was shot to death by the second woman early Saturday, deputies said.
Deputies responded to a 911 call at 6 a.m. about a man being shot during an altercation at the Grand Oaks Apartments, 10103 Sherwood Lane, the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said.
Deputies said they found Daniel Robertson dead in the parking lot and the two women with facial injuries.
Neighbors said they woke up to screams and shots fired.
"About 6 o'clock in the morning I heard a lady scream, he is killing me, he is killing me," said neighbor Nathanial Taylor.
Before Taylor could rush to help the screams coming from his downstairs neighbor he heard three gun shots.
"One bullet went into the building and then the guy fell here," said Taylor.
Based on preliminary information, deputies said, investigators believe the man forced his way into his girlfriend's apartment and that the second woman, who was visiting her boyfriend next door, went outside after hearing glass breaking and screaming.
The second woman, identified as 51-year-old Vicki Rock, armed with a .45 caliber gun, saw the man beating the first woman with a metal object and yelled at him to stop, deputies said. At that point, according to investigators, the man began attacking the second woman.
She suffered multiple facial injuries before firing at least one round that struck the man, deputies said. The man staggered away and died from his injuries.
Witnesses confirmed statements given by the two women, deputies said. Investigators also found heavy damage to the first woman's front door and window.
Detectives will confer with the Hillsborough County State Attorney's Office to determine whether criminal charges will be filed, the sheriff's office said.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
NEW YORK - The House of Representatives unanimously passed a resolution on Thursday night condemning the surfacing of broad anti-Semitism worldwide, and in Europe especially this summer throughout the Gaza conflict.
The resolution, written by congressmen Jerrold Nadler (D-NY), Peter Roskam (R-IL), Nita Lowey (D-NY) and Kay Granger (R-TX), calls on the State Department to "maintain combating anti-Semitism as a United States foreign policy priority."
Citing a recent survey released in May by the Anti-Defamation League, the entire House agreed: its finding that 74 percent of those surveyed in the Middle East hold anti-Semitic views is "stunning." In Europe, 26 percent of those surveyed held similar views."When you criticize the policies of the Israeli government for this or that, that's one thing," Nadler said in a phone call with The Jerusalem Post. "The fact is they've conflated this for sixty years or more."Nadler said the Obama administration saw and supported the resolution before its passage."I think they will do everything they can," he continued. "They have been active in this."The administration welcomed the bill publicly on Friday, in a statement to the Post."We deeply appreciate Congress' attention to this issue of great importance," State Department spokesperson Chanan Weissman said. "Monitoring and combating anti-Semitism has been and will remain a critical foreign policy priority of the United States government."US Secretary of State John Kerry hosted Jewish leaders earlier this month to discuss the summer's discontent, expressing "deep concern" over the prevalence of such attacks in recent months.The list of the condemnations runs long in this House resolution, cataloguing a host of attacks, rallies and acts of vandalism that gripped Europe throughout Israel's campaign against Hamas in Gaza through fifty tense days of summer."During Israel's 2014 Operation Protective Edge aiming to stem the rocket fire and terrorist infiltrations by Hamas," the resolution reads, "Jews and Jewish institutions and property were attacked in Europe and elsewhere, including attempts to invade a synagogue in Paris, fire-bombings of synagogues in France and Germany, assaults on Jewish individuals, and swastikas spray-painted in a heavily Jewish area of London and also in Rome's historic Jewish quarter."The House also condemned the popularized comparison of Israeli governance to Nazism, and an environment throughout the European continent that has forced many Jewish families to conceal their religious identity.Various tools at the State Department's disposal, including its envoy to the Organization of Islamic Conference, participation in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and its special envoy on the issue of anti-Semitism Ira Forman should be fully utilized, and redouble their efforts, the resolution determined.The members also laud the governments in Paris, Berlin and Rome for their outspoken condemnation of the rise in hateful speech and actions. German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a rally in Berlin last week insisting that anti-Semitism had no place in Europe, particularly in her country.Jewish leaders in Washington applauded the resolution on Friday morning."Through our work with Holocaust survivors and other vulnerable populations, we at Jewish Federations have seen firsthand the importance of fighting against anti-Semitism in our communities," said William Daroff, senior vice president for public policy and the director of the Washington office for Jewish Federations. "The past few months have made it clear to all that we live in a dangerous time, and it is comforting to know that the Jewish community has the unqualified support of our Congressional leaders."On Friday, David Harris, executive director of the American Jewish Committee, briefed a dozen key House members on the anti-Semitic surge, on AJC's efforts to combat it and on what else can be done from Capitol Hill."We are present, working with government officials, civil society representatives, and Jewish community leaders to energetically counter this surging tide of hatred that threatens not only Jews, but, make no mistake about it, the very fabric of the democratic societies where they live," Harris said.The National Jewish Democratic Council, Jewish Council for Public Affairs and the Rabbinical Assembly also hailed its passage."We have been alarmed," Rabbi Julie Schonfeld, executive vice president of the Rabbinical Assembly, said in a statement. "We will continue work alongside the State Department... to oppose all efforts to prevent any members of our international community from freely exercising their religion without fear of prosecution or violence.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Thousands of people have taken to the streets in several US cities to protest against Republican Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election, condemning his campaign rhetoric around immigrants, Muslims and other groups.
On Wednesday evening, thousands of protesters thronged streets in midtown Manhattan, New York City. Some burned a US flag as they reached the Trump Tower while others chanted: "Not my president".
In Chicago, roughly 1,000 people attempted to gather outside the Trump International Hotel and Tower downtown while chanting phrases such as "No Trump! No KKK! No racist USA".
Chicago police closed roads in the area, blocking the demonstrators' path.
Protesters condemned Trump's campaign pledge to build a wall along the border with Mexico to keep out undocumented immigrants and other policies perceived as affecting people of colour.
Should US President-elect Donald Trump's opponents be protesting against the election result? #TrumpProtest — Al Jazeera English (@AJEnglish) November 10, 2016
In his victory speech, however, Trump said he would be president for all Americans, saying: "It is time for us to come together as one united people."
In Chicago, Angie Victoria, 27, told Al Jazeera: "I think [Trump] getting elected is an atrocity. There's no way he's qualified to be president, he's so erratic. There's no platform; he just appealed to people stewing in bigotry and racism."
Izzy Mosser, 19, said: "A presidency under Trump is ... scary. The only good thing is that people are coming together to stop him. It's dividing and uniting at the same time."
In Austin, the Texas capital, about 400 people staged a march through the city's streets, police said.
Other protests were organised in Washington DC, San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, Tennessee and other cities.
Earlier in the day, some 1,500 California students and teachers rallied in the courtyard of Berkeley High School, a San Francisco Bay Area city known for its progressive politics, before marching towards the campus of the University of California, Berkeley.
Hundreds of high school and college students walked out in protest in Seattle, Phoenix, Los Angeles and three other cities in the Bay Area, Richmond, El Cerrito and Oakland.
A predominantly Latino group of about 300 high school students walked out of classes on Wednesday morning in Los Angeles and marched to the steps of City Hall, where they held a brief but energetic rally.
Chanting in Spanish, "The people united will never be defeated," the group held signs with slogans such as "Not Supporting Racism, Not My President" and "Immigrants Make America Great."
Many of those students were members of the "Dreamers" generation, children whose parents entered the US with them illegally, school officials said, and who fear deportation under a Trump administration.
Wednesday's demonstrations followed a night of protests around the San Francisco Bay Area and elsewhere in the country in response to Trump's political upset.
In heavily Democrat Washington DC, hundreds of Trump opponents and a few of his supporters gathered by the White House, chanting in support of immigrants and against the president-elect.
Demonstrators attacked storefront windows and set garbage and tyres ablaze late on Tuesday in the business district of Oakland, California.
He worked as a barber and hotel manager, and began to acquire real estate in Queens. He was the father of Fred and John G. Trump , and grandfather of Donald Trump , the 45th president of the United States .
Frederick Trump (born Friedrich Trump ; 14 March 1869 – 30 May 1918) was a German–American businessman and the patriarch of the Trump family . Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria (now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany), he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber. Several years later, in 1891, he moved to the Northwest. He made his fortune by operating restaurants and boarding houses (brothels) in Seattle and the mining town Monte Cristo , and brothels in the Klondike Gold Rush . [1] [2] He later returned to Kallstadt and married. Bavarian authorities accused him of emigrating when he was young to avoid fulfilling his military service, so he lost his Bavarian citizenship; he and his family returned to the United States.
Trump worked seven days a week for two and a half years under barber Friedrich Lang. After completing his apprenticeship , he returned to Kallstadt, a village with about 1,000 inhabitants. He quickly discovered there was not enough business to earn a living. He was also approaching the age of eligibility for conscription to military service in the Imperial German Army . He quickly decided to emigrate to the United States , later saying, "I agreed with my mother that I should go to America." [3] :30 Years later, his family members said that he departed secretly at night, leaving his mother a note. [3] :30–31
After being sick with emphysema for ten years, Trump's father, Johannes, died on July 6, 1877, at the age of 48, leaving the family in severe debt from medical expenses. [3] :28 While five of the six children worked in the family grape fields, Friedrich was considered too sickly to endure such hard labor. [3] :29 In 1883, then aged 14, he was sent to nearby Frankenthal by his mother to work as a barber's apprentice and learn the trade.
From 1816 to 1918, when Bavaria became the Free State of Bavaria , the Palatinate was part of the Kingdom of Bavaria . In 1871, Bavaria became a part of the newly formed German Empire . During periods of war and anti-German discrimination in the United States, Trump's son Fred later denied his German heritage, claiming his father had been a Swede from Karlstad , Sweden . [5] This version was recounted by Fred's son Donald in his 1987 autobiography. [6]
Germany. U.S. Immigration records. Line 133 notes "Friedr. Trumpf." age 16, born in Kallstadt
In 1885, at age 16, Trump emigrated via Bremen, Germany, to the United States aboard the steamship Eider, departing on October 7[3]:32 and arriving at the Castle Garden Emigrant Landing Depot in New York City on October 19. U.S. immigration records list his name as "Friedr. Trumpf" and his occupation as "none".[7] He moved in with his older sister Katharina – who had emigrated in 1883[3]:31 – and her husband Fred Schuster, also from Kallstadt. Only a few hours after arriving, he met a German-speaking barber who was looking for an employee,[3]:25 and began working the following day.[3]:34 He worked as a barber for six years.[2] Trump lived with his relatives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in a neighborhood with many Palatine German immigrants, at 76 Forsyth Street.[3]:33 Because the cost of operating at 76 Forsyth Street was getting expensive, they later moved to 606 East 17th Street[3]:37 and to 2012 2nd Avenue.[3]:39
In 1891, Trump moved to Seattle, in the newly admitted U.S. state of Washington. With his life savings of several hundred dollars, he bought the Poodle Dog, which he renamed the Dairy Restaurant, and supplied it with new tables, chairs, and a range.[2] Located at 208 Washington Street, the Dairy Restaurant was in the middle of Seattle's Red-Light District; Washington Street was nicknamed "the Line" and included an assortment of saloons, casinos, and brothels. Biographer Gwenda Blair called it "a hotbed of sex, booze, and money, [it] was the indisputable center of the action in Seattle."[3]:41 The restaurant served food and liquor and was advertised to include "Rooms for Ladies", a common euphemism for prostitution.[3]:50 Trump lived in Seattle until early 1893[3]:59 and voted in Washington's first presidential election in 1892,[3]:50 becoming a U.S. citizen.[3]:94
On 14 February 1894, Trump sold the Dairy Restaurant, and in March, he moved to the emerging mining town of Monte Cristo, Washington in Snohomish County north of Seattle.[8] After evidence of mineral deposits had been discovered in 1889, Monte Cristo was expected to produce a fortune in gold and silver. Many prospectors moved to the area in hopes of becoming rich. Rumors about financial investments by millionaire John D. Rockefeller in the entire Everett area created an exaggerated expectation of the area's potential.[3]:53–58
Before leaving Seattle, Trump bought 40 acres (16 ha) in the Pine Lake Plateau, twelve miles (19 km) east of the city, for $200, which was the first major real estate purchase of the Trump family.[3]:59 In Monte Cristo, Trump chose a plot of land near the later train station that he wanted to build a hotel on, but could not afford the $1,000-per-acre fee to purchase it. Instead, he filed a Gold placer claim on the land, which allowed him to claim exclusive mineral rights to the land without having to pay for it,[3]:60 even though the land had already been claimed by Everett resident Nicholas Rudebeck. At that time, the U.S. Land Office was known to be corrupt and frequently allowed such multiple claims. Despite the placer's claim providing Trump no right to build any structure on the land, he quickly bought lumber to build a new boarding house and operate it similarly to the Dairy Restaurant. He never tried to mine gold on the land. Blair described Trump as "mining the miners" since they needed a place to sleep at night while they were mining.[3]:61In July 1894, Rudebeck filed to incorporate the land and sent an agent to collect rent; this was apparently unsuccessful since the people of Monte Cristo did not pay attention to legal titles.[3]:66 Trump finally bought the land in December 1894.[3]:69 While in Monte Cristo, Trump was elected in 1896 as justice of the peace by a 32-to-5 margin.[3]:71
Years of mining had revealed that there was not nearly as much gold and silver in Monte Cristo as had once been believed,[3]:68 and in August 1894, Rockefeller pulled out of most of his investment in the area, creating the "Everett bubble burst."[3]:67 By the spring of 1896, most of the miners had left Monte Cristo. Trump suffered both from a shortage of workers and reduced business, although he had been one of the few people to make money in Monte Cristo. Trump prepared for the bubble burst by funding two miners in the Yukon, Canada in exchange for them staking a claim for him.[3]:72 In July 1897, the Klondike Gold Rush began after boats loaded with gold arrived in San Francisco and Seattle. Thousands of people rushed to the area in hopes of making a fortune.[3]:73 Trump sold off most of his property in Monte Cristo a few weeks later and moved back to Seattle.[3]:74
Passport application of Friedrich Trump, 1896
In Seattle, Trump opened a new restaurant at 207 Cherry Street. Business was so good that he paid off the mortgage in four weeks. Meanwhile, on 7 July, the two miners whom Trump had funded staked his claim at Hunker Creek, a tributary of the Klondike. After spending $15 to register the claim, they sold half of it for $400 the next day. A week later, another miner sold it for $1,000.[3]:77 On 20 September, they staked a second claim, at Deadwood Creek. Half of it was sold in October for $150, while the other half was sold in December for $2,000. It is, however, unknown if Trump ever received any money from there. By early 1898, he had made enough money to go to the Yukon himself.[3]:79
He bought all the necessary supplies, sold off his remaining property in Monte Cristo and Seattle, and transferred his 40 acres in the Pine Lake Plateau to his sister Louise.[3]:78 In 1900, Louise sold the property for $250.[3]:80 In the winter following Trump's departure from Monte Cristo, the town suffered some of the worst avalanches and floods in its short history, and this time, Rockefeller refused to reconstruct the almost vital railroad to Everett.[3]:79
Role in Yukon gold rush Edit
According to Blair's account, when Trump left for the Yukon, he had no plans to do actual mining.[3]:81 He likely travelled the White Pass route,[3]:83 which included the notorious "Dead Horse trail", so named because drivers whipped animals of transport until they literally dropped dead on the trail and were left to decompose. In the spring of 1898, Trump and another miner named Ernest Levin opened a tent restaurant along the trail. Blair writes that "a frequent dish was fresh-slaughtered, quick-frozen horse".[3]:84
In May 1898, Trump and Levin moved to Bennett, British Columbia,[9] a town known for prospectors building boats in order to travel to Dawson. In Bennett, Trump and Levin opened the Arctic Restaurant and Hotel, which offered fine dining, lodging and sex in a sea of tents.[3]:85[10] The Arctic was also originally housed in a tent, but demand for the hotel and restaurant grew until it occupied a two-story building.[3][10] A letter to the Yukon Sun newspaper described the Arctic:
For single men the Arctic has excellent accommodations as well as the best restaurant in Bennett, but I would not advise respectable women to go there to sleep as they are liable to hear that which would be repugnant to their feelings – and uttered, too, by the depraved of their own sex.[3]
The Arctic House was one of the largest and most extravagant restaurants in that region of the Klondike, offering fresh fruit and ptarmigan in addition to the staple of horsemeat.[10] The Arctic was open 24 hours a day and advertised "Rooms for ladies", which included beds and scales for measuring gold dust. The local Canadian Mounties were known to tolerate vice so long as it was conducted discreetly.[3]:86
In 1900, the one-hundred-and-eleven-mile (179 km) White Pass and Yukon Route, a railroad between Skagway, Alaska and Whitehorse, Yukon, was completed. Trump founded the White Horse Restaurant and Inn in White Horse.[3]:87–88[11] They moved the building by barge, relocated on Front Street, and were operational by June.[3]:88–89
The new restaurant, which included one of the largest steel ranges in the area, prepared 3,000 meals per day and had space for gambling. Despite the enormous financial success, Trump and Levin began fighting due to Levin's drinking. They broke up their business relationship in February 1901, but reconciled in April. Around that time, the local government announced suppression on prostitution, gambling and liquor, though the crackdown was delayed by businessmen until later that year. In light of this impending threat to his business operation, Trump sold his share of the restaurant to Levin and left the Yukon.[2][3]:90–91 In the months that followed, Levin was arrested for public drunkenness and sent to jail, and the Arctic was taken over by the Mounties.[3]:92 The restaurant burned down in the White Horse fire of 1905.[12] Blair wrote that "once again, in a situation that created many losers, [Frederick Trump] managed to emerge a winner."[3]:93
In October, global total liquids production hit a new record high of 97.84 Mbpd led by OPEC and Russia! This was caused largely by the scramble to boost production ahead of production cuts with a datum on October 2016. The US rig count continues to rise and US production has stopped falling. The rest of the oil production world outside of OPEC, N America and Russia continues to suffer under the weight of low oil price.
The oil price has pricked its $51 / bbl resistance. With OPEC ± Russia set to lower production and to maintain lower plateau levels combined with the relentless rise in demand the oil price should rally from here, but not by much. The ceiling is set by the cost of new supply that currently resides with the N American LTO frackers. US production has halted its decline which is perhaps a sign of what is coming.
The following totals compare October 2016 with October 2015:
World Total Liquids +860,000 bpd
OPEC +1,200,000
Russia + FSU +510,000
Europe -340,000 bpd
Asia -350,000
North America -580,000
The net figures from the above are +1.71 Mbpd and -1.27 Mbpd leaving a net +0.44 Mbpd increase that does not tally with the + 0.86 Mbpd global total liquids figure.
Year on Year, OPEC and Russia are the big winners. North America, Asia and Europe the big losers. And on the drilling front:
US total rig count up 193 to 597 from the low of 27 May
International rigs down 18 in October
This article first appeared on Energy Matters.
EIA oil price and Baker Hughes rig count charts are updated to the end of October 2016, the remaining oil production charts are updated to September 2016 using the IEA OMR data.
Figure 1 News of the OPEC feeble deal pushed oil prices slightly higher and they have now pricked the $51 resistance. While the trend this year is quite definitely up, there are still a number of bear factors in play, amongst them global total liquids hitting a new record high in October, and US production has stopped falling.
Figure 2 A significant break above the diagonal trend line should see a rally towards $65, sufficient to send the frackers back to work.
Figure 3 The rally in US drilling has been sustained with the total rig count rising for 20 consecutive weeks. Since the beginning of October, oil directed rigs are up 49 to 477 and gas directed rigs are up 25 to 119. The combined count is down 149 from one year ago.
Figure 4 Total US rigs are up 193 to 597 from the near term low of 404 seen on 27 May 2016.
Figure 5 The near-term peak in US production was 13.24 Mbpd in April 2015. October production of 12.35 Mbpd was actually higher than August and September and US production has stopped falling for the time being. Production is currently 890,000 bpd down from the April 2015 peak. It is possible that the uptick in US drilling activity has arrested the decline.
Figure 6 OPEC production, led by Saudi Arabia, continues to rise and sets new records each month spurred on by the prospect of the feeble deal that will see <1.2 Mbpd curtailed to restore production to where it was 1 year ago. Libya remains effectively off line. OPEC up 240,000 bpd since last month and up 1.2 Mbpd year on year.
Figure 7 OPEC spare production capacity ticked up in October to 2.32 Mbpd. If the production cuts are enacted then spare capacity should soar by over 1 Mbpd in January.
Figure 8 Saudi Arabia production was down 60,000 bpd in October but is up 341,000 bpd year on year. 10.06 Mbpd (dashed line) is the new quota level for January 2017 expressed in IEA currency.
Figure 9 Following the dramatic post-sanctions rise, Iran's production has continued to push higher at a slower rate. Notably, Shell has just signed a deal to assist Iran on reservoir development. Iran produced 3.72 Mbpd in October, up 40,000 bpd since September and up 830,000 bpd year on year. The dashed line shows Iran's new quota of 3.83 Mbpd in IEA currency. Hence, under the feeble deal, Iran will be allowed to increase production by 110,000 bpd.
Figure 10 ME OPEC rigs have flat lined at 160 for 3 months on a cyclical high. The all-time high is 161 and so it seems likely this is the number of rigs available to these 4 countries.
Figure 11 The international oil rig count hit a new low of 666 in October but rose to 681 in November. This chart needs to be contrasted with the OPEC chart above.
Figure 12 Russia + other FSU up 280,000 bpd since September to 14.45 Mbpd. Up 510,000 bpd year on year. Like OPEC, Russia + FSU have had the spigots wide open ahead of quota negotiations.
Figure 13 The cycles in European production data are down to summer maintenance programs in the offshore North Sea province. Group production is down 340,000 bpd year on year to 3.19 Mbpd. A year ago, the N Sea seemed to skip over maintenance that is now reflected in these numbers. The dashed lines go through the peaks and troughs of the whole stack.
Figure 14 Group production up 10,000 bpd to 7.36 Mbpd since last month. Down 350,000 bpd year on year. The plateau in this region's production is well and truly bust, led by Chinese oil production decline.
Figure 15 Canada has all but recovered from the Fort McMurray wild fire. Group production is up 130,000 bpd since September to 19.34 Mbpd. Down 580,000 bpd year on year. The fall in US and N America production has stalled.
Figure 16 Total liquids = crude oil + condensate + natural gas liquids + refinery gains + biofuel. Production is up 750,000 bpd since September. Up 860,000 bpd year on year hitting a new record high.
Figure 17 Stock change = global total liquids production less demand. 2Q figures are impacted by -620,000 bpd in Canada in May, resulting from the Fort McMurray wild fire. But the market is heading back towards balance with forces driving different parts of the market in different directions.
Previous Editions of Vital Statistics
January 2015
February 2015
March 2015
April 2015
May 2015
June 2015
July 2015
August 2015
September 2015
October 2015
November 2015
December 2015
January 2016
February 2016
March 2016
April 2016
May 2016
June 2016
July 2016
August 2016
Mike Golic and Trey Wingo understand Florida State's need for head coach Jimbo Fisher to decide if he will accept the Texas A&M job. (2:03)
Florida State officials are urging Jimbo Fisher to decide whether he will remain the school's football coach beyond this season or accept a lucrative offer from Texas A&M, sources told ESPN on Thursday.
Fisher, who has guided the Seminoles to the 2013 national championship and three ACC titles, is considered Texas A&M's top target to replace Kevin Sumlin, who was fired Sunday. ESPN reported last week that several Florida State officials expect Fisher to leave and have been preparing to target his replacement.
On ESPNU SiriusXM radio Thursday, Fisher said he was not going to talk about potential jobs.
Asked for a timetable when he might make a choice, Fisher answered, "I always make decisions at the end of the year after things are finished."
The 52-year-old Fisher had hoped to wait to announce his decision until after Saturday's regular-season finale against Louisiana Monroe in Tallahassee, Florida, which the Seminoles (5-6, 3-5 ACC) need to win to extend their streak of 35 consecutive bowl games. That game was postponed from Sept. 9 and rescheduled to this coming weekend because of Hurricane Irma.
Jimbo Fisher has been the Florida State head coach since 2010. Mark Konezny/USA TODAY Sports
Texas A&M sources have indicated to ESPN that the Aggies are prepared to make Fisher one of the sport's three highest-paid coaches with an annual salary of more than $7 million, which would rank behind only Alabama's Nick Saban ($11.1 million in total compensation this year, average of $8.27 million over eight years) and would surpass Clemson's Dabo Swinney ($8.5 million this year, average of $6.75 million over eight years).
Texas A&M's board of regents is scheduled to meet Thursday, when it could approve a contract offer for Fisher to become the university's new coach. Aggies athletic director Scott Woodward worked with Fisher at LSU, where Fisher -- as offensive coordinator -- helped Saban guide the Tigers to a national title in 2003.
Fisher agreed to a contract extension at Florida State in December 2016, which increased his annual salary to about $5.7 million, making him the sixth-highest-paid coach in the FBS. If Fisher leaves Florida State, he would owe the university about $5 million, or the total sum of the contracts of his 10 assistant coaches who aren't retained by the Seminoles' new coach.
On Wednesday night, three high school prospects who were committed to the Seminoles -- cornerback Houston Griffith and offensive lineman Verdis Brown of IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, and safety Israel Mukuamu of Parkway High in Bossier City, Louisiana -- tweeted that they were decommitting from Florida State and opening up their recruitments.
Florida State officials are urging Fisher to announce his decision to try to salvage its recruiting class, which is currently ranked No. 9 in the FBS by ESPN Recruiting. The early-signing period for college football, when high school players can begin to sign national letters of intent, is from Dec. 20 to 22.
Also on Wednesday night, a Florida State fan was removed from Fisher's weekly radio show after the fan asked Fisher about his loyalty to the Seminoles. The fan told Fisher he used to love the coach's enthusiasm for the Seminoles.
"I remembered how you would talk about being committed to the program and cheering for the team ... and talking about loyalty to the program," the fan said. "So I'm wondering, where is the loyalty to the program, Jimbo?"
On Thursday, Fisher said he intended to answer the fan's question.
"I am loyal," Fisher said of his planned answer. "... No decision has been made anywhere."
Florida State responded to the incident in a statement Thursday, saying, "We are aware of the unfortunate incident that occurred at the Jimbo Fisher Call-in Show last evening. We will review the matter thoroughly with all involved and have no further comment at this time."
Fisher's relationship with Florida State's administration has deteriorated over the past several months because of his growing frustration over what he considers to be inadequate facilities, saying they have fallen behind and put the Seminoles on an uneven playing field with Clemson and SEC schools. The school agreed to explore the possibility of a new $60 million football facility, but Fisher has been frustrated that more hasn't been done to build it.
"And those things are a major, major deal. Unfortunately, in this business, when you get into the facilities business, you're never out of it. You're never out of development," Fisher said earlier this season. "Your company can never quit growing. Whether it's that or behind-the-scenes things, support staff, all that can never happen. It can never go away.
"If it does, people fly by you like crazy. And there are numerous examples across this country. If you don't understand that, you're missing the boat. Now, it all has to be relative to what you can do, when you can do it and everything else. But at the same time, if you don't, it can pass you by very, very quickly."
In a statement to the Tallahassee Democrat on Wednesday night, Florida State president John Thrasher said there are "always personal dynamics in play in these situations."
If Fisher opts to leave for Texas A&M, the Seminoles are expected to consider Oregon's Willie Taggart, Virginia Tech's Justin Fuente and South Florida's Charlie Strong as possible replacements, among other candidates.
TOLEDO – The University of Toledo will designate a permanently unoccupied seat in the Glass Bowl in honor of military service personnel who were or are prisoners of war (POW) or have been declared missing in action (MIA). A dedication ceremony will take place prior to this Saturday's football game vs. Navy. Kickoff for the game is 12:00 noon (ESPNews) with the ceremony slated to begin at approximately 11:45 a.m.
Participating in the ceremony will be UT President Lloyd Jacobs, a former Marine; United States Naval Academy Superintendent Vice Admiral Michael H. Miller; UT vice-president and athletic director Mike O'Brien ; and United States Navy Reserve Lieutenant Haraz Ghanbari, the military liaison at UT.
“We are honored to be able to recognize the sacrifices made by the brave men and women in our armed forces,” said Mike O'Brien . “This seat in the Glass Bowl will serve as a permanent reminder of the sacrifices made by those individuals who were prisoners of war or who never came home after serving their country.”
The concept for a permanently unoccupied POW/MIA seat in sports stadiums originated from Rolling Thunder Massachusetts Chapter 1, a POW/MIA advocacy group. The seat itself was donated by Hussey Seating in Maine and will be located in Section 1 of the Glass Bowl. UT is believed to be the first university in the country to designate a POW/MIA seat at one of its sports venues.
As part of the ceremony, a flyover is scheduled take place just after the National Anthem. The flyover will feature a World War II vintage Grumman Avenger, the same model plane flown by former president George H.W. Bush when he was shot down in the Pacific in 1944.
In addition, during a timeout in the Navy game, the University will honor Commander Mike Majewski, a Toledo native who is scheduled to take command of the USS Toledo, a nuclear submarine, later this year.
The University of Toledo was recently named as one of only 20 percent of colleges in the country to be featured on the 2014 Military Friendly Schools list from GI Jobs magazine.
A Georgia judge declined Tuesday to intervene in Georgia's voter registration process, letting stand existing measures by state and local election officials to help applicants ahead of the Nov. 4 election.
The decision came after a two-hour hearing Friday, during which Fulton County Superior Court Judge Christopher Brasher seemed skeptical of a lawsuit that sought what he called an “extraordinary legal remedy.”
“What does the law require that they haven't done?” Brasher asked during the hearing. “That's what I'm a bit fuzzy about here.”
The national Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights filed the suit Oct. 10, alleging tens of thousands of voters who it believes registered properly have been lost in the system.
The group wanted court-ordered mandates, including for the state and three Georgia counties to hire more staff to process applications, investigate where they went or for a court-appointed monitor to issue recommendations.
State and county officials, however, said they have already processed all applications sent to them by the state's Oct. 6 registration deadline. They also argued that plans already existed to assist voters, including working with local applicants to verify their information or allowing voters to cast provisional ballots on Election Day pending verification of their identity.
Google last month announced that it's talking to 34 cities in nine metro areas nationwide about installing Google Fiber, and it looks like San Antonio, Texas is the first to move ahead.
"On Thursday, the City Council approved a long-term contract with Google Fiber Texas, LLC., allowing the tech company to install about 40 so-called 'fiber huts' at San Antonio libraries, fire and police stations, and other city buildings," the San Antonio Express-News reported today
Fiber huts are one of the main components of Google's fiber networks. When Kansas City construction began in 2012, Google said, "we'll be routing fiber connection into Kansas City, KS and Kansas City, MO through some equipment aggregator huts, aka 'Google Fiber Huts.' From the Google Fiber Huts, the fiber cables will travel along utility poles into neighborhoods and homes."
According to the San Antonio Express-News report, the contract approved today "allows Google Fiber to lease space for its fiber huts... for an initial 20-year period. The lease may be extended in five-year segments for another 15 years. The market-rate rent Google will pay escalates each year by 3 percent."
For now, Google Fiber's homepage lists just Kansas City; Provo, Utah; and Austin, Texas as its deployment areas.
Other cities being considered for Google Fiber are in Arizona, California, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina, Oregon, and Utah. Google has asked municipal officials to provide detailed maps of infrastructure, ensure that Google can place fiber on existing poles or conduits, and review permitting processes to help construction proceed quickly. Google has promised updates on which cities can expect Google Fiber before this year is over.
A customer asked the rather enigmatic question (with no context):
Is there a way to get the reference count of an object in .Net? Thanks,
Bob Smith
Senior Developer
Contoso
The CLR does not maintain reference counts, so there is no reference count to "get". The garbage collector only cares about whether an object has zero references or at least one reference. It doesn't care if there is one, two, twelve, or five hundred—from the point of view of the garbage collector, one is as good as five hundred.
The customer replied,
I am aware of that, yet the mechanism is somehow implemented by the GC... What I want to know is whether at a certain point there is more than one variable pointing to the same object.
As already noted, the GC does not implement the "count the number of references to this object" algorithm. It only implements the "Is it definitely safe to reclaim the memory for his object?" algorithm. A null garbage collector always answers "No." A tracing collector looks for references, but it only cares whether it found one, not how many it found.
The discussion of "variables pointing to the same objects" is somewhat confused, because you can have references to an object from things other than variables. Parameters to a method contain references, the implicit this is also a reference, and partially-evaluated expressions also contain references. (During execution of the line string s = o.ToString(); , at the point immediately after o.ToString() returns and before the result is assigned to s , the string has an active reference but it isn't stored in any variable.) And as we saw earlier, merely storing a reference in a variable doesn't prevent the object from being collected.
It's clear that this person solved half of his problem, and just needs help with the other half, the half that doesn't make any sense. (I like how he immediately weakened his request from "I want the exact reference count" to "I want to know if it is greater than one." Because as we all know, the best way to solve a problem is to reduce it to an even harder problem.)
Another person used some psychic powers to figure out what the real problem is:
If I am reading properly into what you mean, you may want to check out the Weak­Reference class. This lets you determine whether an object has been collected. Note that you don't get access to a reference count; it's a zero/nonzero thing. If the Weak­Reference is empty, it means the object has been collected. You don't get a chance to act upon it (as you would if you were the last one holding a reference to it).
The customer explained that he tried Weak­Reference , but it didn't work. (By withholding this information, the customer made the mistake of not saying what he already tried and why it didn't work.)
Well this is exactly the problem: I instantiate an object and then create a Weak­Reference to it (global variable). Then at some point the object is released (set to null, disposed, erased from the face of the earth, you name it) yet if I check the Is­Alive property it still returns true. Only if I explicitly call to GC.Collect(0) or greater before the check it is disposed.
The customer still hasn't let go of the concept of reference counting, since he says that the object is "released". In a garbage-collected system, object are not released; rather, you simply stop referencing them. And disposing of an object still maintains a reference; disposing just invokes the IDisposable.Dispose method.
FileStream fs = new FileStream(fileName); using (fs) { ... }
At the end of this code fragment, the File­Stream has been disposed, but there is still a reference to it in the fs variable. Mind you, that reference isn't very useful, since there isn't much you can do with a disposed object, Even if you rewrite the fragment as
using (FileStream fs = new FileStream(fileName)) { ... }
the variable fs still exists after the close-brace; it simply has gone out of scope (i.e., you can't access it any more). Scope is not the same as lifetime. Of course, the optimizer can step in and make the object eligible for collection once the value becomes inaccessible, but there is no requirement that this optimization be done.
The fact that the Is­Alive property says true even after all known references have been destroyed is also no surprise. The environment does not check whether an object's last reference has been made inaccessible every time a reference changes. One of the major performance benefits of garbage collected systems comes from the de-amortization of object lifetime determination. Instead of maintaining lifetime information about an object continuously (spending a penny each time a reference is created or destroyed), it saves up those pennies and splurges on a few dollars every so often. The calculated risk (which usually pays off) is that the rate of penny-saving makes up for the occasional splurges.
It does mean that between the splurges, the garbage collector does not know whether an object has outstanding references or not. It doesn't find out until it does a collection.
The null garbage collector takes this approach to an extreme by simply hoarding pennies and never spending them. It saves a lot of money but consumes a lot of memory. The other extreme (common in unmanaged environments) is to spend the pennies as soon as possible. It spends a lot of money but reduces memory usage to the absolute minimum. The designers of a garbage collector work to find the right balance between these two extremes, saving money overall while still keeping memory usage at a reasonable level.
The customer appears to have misinterpreted what the Is­Alive property means. The property doesn't say whether there are any references to the object. It says whether the object has been garbage collected. Since the garbage collector can run at any time, there is nothing meaningful you can conclude if Is­Alive returns true , since it can transition from alive to dead while you're talking about it. On the other hand, once it's dead, it stays dead; it is valid to take action when Is­Alive is false . (Note that there are two types of Weak­Reference ; the difference is when they issue the death certificate.)
The name Is­Alive for the property could be viewed as misleading if you just look at the property name without reading the accompanying documentation. Perhaps a more accurate (but much clumsier) name would have been Has­Not­Been­Collected . The theory is, presumably, that if you're using an advanced class like Weak­Reference , which works "at the GC level", you need to understand the GC.
The behavior the customer is seeing is correct. The odds that the garbage collector has run between annihilating the last live reference and checking the Is­Alive property is pretty low, so when you ask whether the object has been collected, the answer will be No. Of course, forcing a collection will cause the garbage collector to run, and that's what does the collection and sets Is­Alive to false . Mind you, forcing the collection to take place messes up the careful penny-pinching the garbage collector has been performing. You forced it to pay for a collection before it had finished saving up for it, putting the garbage collector in debt. (Is there a garbage collector debt collector?) And the effect of a garbage collector going into debt is that your program runs slower than it would have if you had let the collector spend its money on its own terms.
Note also that forcing a generation-zero collection does not guarantee that the object in question will be collected: It may have been promoted into a higher generation. (Generational garbage collection takes advantage of typical real-world object lifetime profiles by spending only fifty cents on a partial collection rather than a whole dollar on a full collection. As a rough guide, the cost of a collection is proportional to the number of live object scanned, so the most efficient collections are those which find mostly dead objects.) Forcing an early generation-zero collection messes up the careful balance between cheap-but-partial collections and expensive-and-thorough collections, causing objects to get promoted into higher generations before they really deserve it.
Okay, that was a long discussion of a short email thread. Maybe tomorrow I'll do a better job of keeping things short.
Bonus chatter: In addition to the Weak­Reference class, there is also the GC­Handle structure.
Bonus reading: Maoni's WebLog goes into lots of detail on the internals of the CLR garbage collector. Doug Stewart created this handy index.
Mice given cocaine showed rapid growth in new brain structures associated with learning and memory, according to a research team from the Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center at UC San Francisco. The findings suggest a way in which drug use may lead to drug-seeking behavior that fosters continued drug use, according to the scientists.
The researchers used a microscope that allowed them to peer directly into nerve cells within the brains of living mice, and within two hours of giving a drug they found significant increases in the density of dendritic spines – structures that bear synapses required for signaling – in the animals' frontal cortex. In contrast, mice given saline solution showed no such increase.
The researchers also found a relationship between the growth of new dendritic spines and drug-associated learning. Specifically, mice that grew the most new spines were those that developed the strongest preference for being in the enclosure where they received cocaine rather than in the enclosure where they received saline. The team published its findings online in Nature Neuroscience on Aug. 25.
“This gives us a possible mechanism for how drug use fuels further drug-seeking behavior,” said principal investigator Linda Wilbrecht, PhD, a Gallo investigator now at UC Berkeley, but who led the research while she was on the UCSF faculty.
“It's been observed that long-term drug users show decreased function in the frontal cortex in connection with mundane cues or tasks, and increased function in response to drug-related activity or information,” Wilbrecht said. “This research suggests how the brains of drug users might shift toward those drug-related associations.”
Cocaine's Impact on Brain's 'Steering Wheel'
In all living brains, there is a baseline level of creation of new spines in response to, or in anticipation of, day-to-day learning, Wilbrecht said.
Linda Wilbrecht, PhD
By enhancing this growth, cocaine might be a super-learning stimulus that reinforces learning about the cocaine experience, she said.
The frontal cortex, which Wilbrecht called the “steering wheel” of the brain, controls functions such as long-term planning, decision-making and other behaviors involving higher reasoning and discipline.
The brain cells in the frontal cortex that Wilbrecht and her team studied regulate the output of this brain region, and may play a key role in decision-making. “These neurons, which are directly affected by cocaine use, have the potential to bias decision-making,” she said.
Wilbrecht said the findings could potentially advance research in human addiction “by helping us identify what is going awry in the frontal cortexes of drug-addicted humans, and by explaining how drug-related cues come to dominate the brain's decision-making processes.”
Special Microscope Views Brain Cells on Drug
In the first of a series of experiments, the scientists gave cocaine injections to one group of mice and saline injections to another. The next day, they observed the animals' brain cells using a 2-photon laser scanning microscope. They were surprised to discover that even after the first dose, the mice treated with cocaine grew more new dendritic spines than the saline-treated mice.
In another experiment, they observed the mice before cocaine or saline treatment and then two hours afterward, and discovered that the animals that received cocaine were developing new dendritic spines within two hours after receiving the drug. Furthermore, the next morning, cocaine-induced spines accounted for almost four times more connections among nerve cells than was observed in saline-treated animals.
In a third experiment, the researchers for a week gave the mice cocaine in one distinctive chamber and saline in another, using identical procedures. Each chamber had its own characteristic visual design, texture and smell to distinguish it from the other chamber. They then let the mice choose which chamber to go to.
“The animals that showed the highest quantity of robust dendritic spines – the spines with the greatest likelihood of developing into synapses – showed the greatest change in preference toward the chamber where they received the cocaine,” said Wilbrecht. “This suggests that the new spines might be material for the association that these mice have learned to make between the chamber and the drug.”
Wilbrecht noted that the research would not have been possible without live brain imaging via the 2-photon laser scanning microscope, which was developed in 2002. “I grew up at the time of the famous public service campaign that showed a pan of frying eggs with the message, ‘This is your brain on drugs,'” recalled Wilbrecht. “Now, with this microscope, we can actually say, ‘This is a brain cell on drugs.'”
I grew up at the time of the famous public service campaign that showed a pan of frying eggs with the message, ‘This is your brain on drugs.' Now, with this microscope, we can actually say, ‘This is a brain cell on drugs.' Linda Wilbrecht, PhD
Co-authors of the study are Francisco Javier Munoz-Cuevas, PhD, and Jegath Athilingam of the Gallo Center, and Denise Piscopo, PhD, of the Gallo Center and the University of Oregon.
The study was supported by funds from the National Institutes of Health, the State of California, UCSF and the P. Royer and K. Clayton Family.
The UCSF-affiliated Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center is one of the world's preeminent academic centers for the study of the biological basis of alcohol and substance use disorders. Gallo Center discoveries of potential molecular targets for the development of therapeutic medications are extended through preclinical and proof-of-concept clinical studies.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump and the Republican congressional leadership plan to unveil their long-awaited tax-cut plans.
Reports say the goal is to cut the corporate tax rate to 20% (the president wants 15%) from the current statutory federal rate of 35%; reduce the number of individual tax brackets to three from the current seven, and perhaps cut the top individual marginal rate to 35% from its current 39.6%.
We'll surely hear about how these tax cuts will boost economic growth and create thousands of well-paying jobs in the U.S. But we're not likely to hear much about how Congress or the Trump administration expects to pay for them, because the simple fact is, they can't, without taking on powerful special interests.
So, sacred cows like charitable contributions and the mortgage-interest deduction are probably safe. But deductibility of state and local taxes may be capped or eliminated. That would really stick it to upper-middle-class taxpayers in blue states like New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and California, which voted heavily for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
If that's included — and the fight over it will be fierce — it might cover half of the tax cuts' estimated $1.5 trillion in lost revenue over 10 years. But the cuts may wind up a lot bigger and the revenue gap a lot wider.
And no, Larry Kudlow and Stephen Moore, they won't “pay for themselves”; the U.S. government will have to borrow that money, just as it did after the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts.
That means the national debt will continue to grow, despite all the promises of Trump and the Republican Party leadership, who have been as adamant about the ballooning debt for the past six or seven years as they were about repealing and replacing Obamacare.
In June, the Congressional Budget Office projected that the debt would rise by more than $10 trillion over the next 10 years. Since total federal debt now tops $20 trillion, it would likely exceed $30 trillion by the end of fiscal 2027, when the deficit alone would hit $1.4 trillion.
Growth in entitlement spending will drive a lot of that, as more Baby Boomers retire and get Social Security and Medicare. The CBO also expects interest expenses to rise along with rates. (It assumes average annual economic growth of around 2% through 2027.)
The point is, unpaid-for tax cuts add as much to the national debt as food stamps or disability payments or other benefits for “undeserving” people. But Republicans won't insist on spending cuts to offset the lost revenue, as they used to do when President Barack Obama was in the White House.
Why? Because they still believe in the self-serving fantasy that tax cuts stimulate economic growth and create jobs. This notion has been debunked so thoroughly I shouldn't have to discuss it, but consider:
The economy did grow quickly after the Reagan tax cuts and 13.6 million jobs were created during his administration. But the top marginal rate plunged from 70% to 28% at the same time Paul Volcker and the Federal Reserve slashed interest rates from 19.1% to under 6%. Which mattered more? Who knows?
Under President Bill Clinton, taxes increased, but growth averaged almost 4%, nearly 20 million new jobs were created, and disposable income rose by 3.6% a year, the same as under Reagan. And the U.S. achieved a budget surplus for four consecutive years.
The Bush tax cuts cost the U.S. Treasury an estimated $1 trillion, with little to show for it: I estimated they may have created 2 million jobs, and many of those almost surely disappeared in the Great Recession, which started on his watch.
We've had much less experience with corporate tax cuts, but when the Bush administration allowed companies to repatriate cash from overseas at a tax rate of 5.25%, 92% of the $299 billion the companies brought home went to shareholders, mostly in dividends and share buybacks. There's no guarantee the savings from any tax cuts will go to job creation this time, either.
I actually think we should cut corporate taxes; our average effective rate of 29% is far too high, and our tax code is too complicated. But let's make sure we pay for it by cutting special exemptions and loopholes for corporations and the super-rich.
And Democrats have shown no concern about the debt whatsoever: 16 Democratic senators have followed pied piper Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) down the path of single-payer health care, which would be like Medicare on amphetamines for the national debt.
But this has been a central Republican issue for years and one Trump repeated endlessly on the campaign trail. Now that they're in control in Washington, they will own the growing national debt just as much as they now own Obamacare. Let's see how serious they are about really fixing the problem, now that it's theirs.
HARRISBURG, Pa. — Attorney General Kathleen Kane is firing back at Gov. Tom Corbett over the defense of Pennsylvania's law that effectively bans same-sex marriage and said it isn't the governor's job to tell the attorney general what the office's duties and obligations are.
The dispatch, in a letter that emerged Wednesday, was the latest biting exchange between Kane, a newly elected Democrat, and Corbett, the Republican former attorney general whom she heavily criticized during her campaign.
In the letter sent Tuesday, Kane's chief of staff, Adrian King, called Pennsylvania's marriage law “one of the last discriminatory statutes” in Pennsylvania and predicted it will be struck down by the courts.
“Just as discriminatory laws based on race, religion, gender, disability and ethnic origin have been struck down by the courts one by one, so too will the marriage law,” King wrote to Corbett's lawyer James Schultz. “In short, this is a watersh ed moment.”
Two days after Pennsylvania's marriage law was challenged in federal court, Kane, who supports same-sex marriage, said she believed it to be unconstitutional and could not ethically defend it.
The statement drew applause from Democrats and proponents of same-sex marriage, but Corbett, the Republican Party and other opponents of same-sex marriage criticized her as shirking her duty to defend state laws.
Pennsylvania is the only northeastern state that doesn't allow same-sex marriage or civil unions. A 1996 state law defines marriage as a civil contract in which a man and a woman take each other as husband and wife.
Article continues below
On Tuesday, Corbett's office said it would defend the law and in a letter to King, Schultz wrote that the law leaves Kane no choice but to defend the ban.
“Nothing excuses the attorney general from undertaking her legal duty to defend the statute challenged” by the lawsuit, Schultz wrote. “Her personal opinion that the law is unc onstitutional is not valid basis for her refusal to do her job.”
King responded that Schultz “conveniently” ignored Kane's reasons for refusing to defend the suit – her obligation to uphold the constitution and follow rules of professional conduct – and then tells Schultz to mind his own business.
“It is not your job to tell the Office of Attorney General … what its duties and obligations are,” King wrote.
© 2013, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Yes, Sen. Mitch McConnell is that evil. (Jim Young/Reuters)
Yes, Sen. Mitch McConnell is that evil. (Jim Young/Reuters)
(CBS News) The United States tax code favors lower income Americans too much already and should be restructured to make it fairer to upper income earners, Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said. In an interview that aired on "CBS This Morning" Tuesday, the Kentucky Republican said he is ready to sit down with "this president or the next president" and have an animated discussion about the tax code to "reach a conclusion" that would bring down the ballooning U.S. deficit. "Almost 70 percent of the federal revenue is provided by the top 10 percent of taxpayers now. Between 45 percent and 50 percent of Americans pay no income tax at all. We have an extraordinarily progressive tax code already. It is a mess and needs to be revisited again," McConnell said in the interview, taped Monday.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell thinks that our tax system is too damned progressive and that poor people just aren't pulling their weight. No. Really.McConnell's in league with House Majority Leader Eric Cantor on that one . He's also argued that the poor just get off too damned easy in this country, and have to suffer more by taking on the tax burden that Republicans' cuts for the wealthy will create. And of course they're basing their pronouncement on the big lie that poor people don't pay taxes. They pay a larger share of their income in taxes than rich people do. And they are students, and disabled people, and the elderly who don't have income to pay taxes on. Not that facts, with their well known liberal bias, will get in the way of Republican talking points.
Nor, apparently, will public opinion. Because yet another poll shows just how unpopular the idea of tax breaks for the wealthy is.
A new United Technologies/National Journal Congressional Connection Poll shows that only 26 percent of the public wants to see all of the tax breaks created during the George W. Bush administration, which are set to expire at year's end, extended for at least another year. And only 18 percent want the tax breaks across all income levels made permanent, the position taken by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney. [...] In the poll, 47 percent of respondents said they wanted to see the tax breaks extended only for those earning less than $250,000. Eighteen percent said they prefer that all the tax breaks simply expire, which would result in higher taxes across the income spectrum.
That's just how beholden to Grover Norquist and the wealthy McConnell, Cantor, and Romney are. This isn't a new poll finding; for two years we've seen majorities like this endorsing higher taxes on high earners. But the only opinion poll on taxes that matters to Republicans is the opinion of one: Norquist. So expect a lot more noise for the next five months about making the poor carry their weight.
Google and On2 Technologies jointly announced today that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Google will acquire On2, a developer of video compression technology. The acquisition is expected to close later this year. On2 markets video compression technologies that power high-quality video in both desktop and mobile applications and devices and also holds a number of interesting patents.
Some of its codec designs are known as VP3, VP4, VP5, TrueMotion VP6, TrueMotion VP7 and VP8. Its customers include Adobe, Skype, Nokia, Infineon, Sun Microsystems, Mediatek, Sony, Brightcove, and Move Networks. On2, formerly known as The Duck Corporation, is headquartered in Clifton Park, NY.
Under the terms of the agreement, each outstanding share of On2 common stock will be converted into $0.60 worth of Google class A common stock in a stock-for-stock transaction. The transaction is valued at approximately $106.5 million.
According to the release, $0.60 per share represents a premium of approximately 57% over the closing price of On2's common stock on the last trading day immediately prior to the announcement of the transaction, and a premium of approximately 62% over the average closing price of On2's common stock for the six month period immediately prior to the announcement of the transaction.
Important to note is that On2 once had a market cap in excess of $1 billion at its peak, after going public on the American Stock Exchange in 1999 following a merger with Applied Capital Funding (which was already listed at the time). Before its entry on the public market, The Duck Corporation had raised $6.5M in venture capital funding from Edelson Technology Partners and Citigroup Ventures.
Back in 2001, On2 made waves by releasing their VP3 compression technology to the open-source community, including their patents on the technology. The technology lives on in the form of (Ogg) Theora. You can find more information about this here.
The agreement is subject to On2 stockholder approval, regulatory clearances and other closing conditions.
Google is reluctant to dive into specific regarding the product plans until after the deal closes, although it's conceivably related to its immensely popular video service YouTube.
In a blog post, the company says:
“Although we're not in a position to discuss specific product plans until after the deal closes, we are committed to innovation in video quality on the web, and we believe that On2 Technologies' team and technology will help us further that goal. We'll update everybody when we're able to share more information. In the meantime, nothing will change for On2 Technologies' current and prospective customers.”
If you was great if Google decides to open-source On2's VP7 and VP8 video codecs and free them up as the worldwide video codec standards, thus becoming alternatives to the proprietary and licenced H264 codecs. On2 has always claimed VP7 is better quality than H264 at the same bitrate.
Also noteworthy: Google could use the VP8 codec for YouTube in HTML5 mode, basically forcing its many users to upgrade to HTML5-compliant browsers instead of using Flash formats.
Smart move by Google, and possibly great news for innovation in web-based video viewing.
Expect updates if and when we learn more.
A “PROFOUNDLY troubled” United States has condemned reports an American teenager detained in Israel was “severely beaten” while in police custody, amid heightened tensions with Palestinians.
The parents of Tariq Abu Khder, a 15-year-old cousin of a Palestinian youth murdered earlier this week, have told news agency AFP their son was arrested in Shuafat after being beaten by police on Thursday during his holiday stay in the area.
Watch video of the alleged beating above
AUTOPSY REPORT: Palestinian teen was ‘burned alive'
WEAPONS FIRED: Clashes at funeral for slain teen
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said on Saturday the United States “strongly condemn(s) any excessive use of force,” referring to the alleged beating.
Clashes have erupted in recent days, sparked by the abduction and murder of Tariq's cousin Mohammed Abu Khder, 16, as autopsy reports showed he was burned alive.
Palestinians said Jewish extremists killed him in revenge for the kidnapping and murder in the West Bank last month of three Israeli teenagers.
Tariq was still in Israeli custody, Psaki confirmed, adding that a US consulate official had visited him on Saturday.
“We are profoundly troubled by reports that he was severely beaten while in police custody,” Psaki said in a statement.
“We are calling for a speedy, transparent and credible investigation and full accountability for any excessive use of force.”
Rocket fire targeting Israel from Gaza has also increased, raising fears of an escalation with the Islamist movement Hamas, which controls the Palestinian enclave.
Questlove remembers the exact moment when the Roots became passé. In Mo' Meta Blues, the memoir he published last year, the renowned drummer, bandleader, producer, DJ, and all-around music geek flashes back to the filming of Michel Gondry's concert film Dave Chappelle's Block Party in 2004:
I remember one moment so clearly that it's like it happened yesterday — more than that, it's like it's happening right now, and will continue to happen. We were shooting a performance of “Jesus Walks,” and Kanye wanted to come in with a marching band. I remember a welter of political and artistic thoughts crowding my mind. I thought about how presidential he looked and how black kids were responding to him, something I had never really focused on in our own audience. I remember having a kind of out-of-body experience and investigation of the thought of my own artistic death. “Am I dead already?” I wondered. It was a metaphor, but it wasn't just a metaphor. A few years earlier, my mother had been driving on a mountain road in Pennsylvania when she lost control of the car. She rolled over six times, and for whatever reason — fate, God, luck — her body went out the window, perfectly, like a letter being delivered, just before the car crashed down into the woods. It was one of those near-death experiences when death was way too near. She told me that as she went down the embankment, her only thought was, “Oh, this is how it's going to end.” She wasn't panicked. She wasn't even sad. It was more of a mix of resignation and realistic observation. I remember experiencing that same feeling the day of “Jesus Walks,” of thinking to myself, “Oh, I see. This is where I get off.” I saw the rest of the plot stretched out before me. Kanye was going to be the new leader, and I was fine with that.
Sounds about right. Throughout the first act of their career, the Roots' live band approach to hip-hop seemed like something genuinely new. When I saw them in concert in 2003 on something called the Sprite Liquid Mix Tour (N.E.R.D., Talib Kweli, Robert Randolph and, um, O.A.R. were also on the bill), their live-band hip-hop revue seemed like the vanguard — “The Next Movement,” as they put it. They were a smart, catchy, unique hip-hop act with a powerhouse live show: What's not to like? Still, by the time Kanye showed up with his Benz-and-backpack synthesis the following year, the neo-soul movement the Roots had helped foster instantly started to feel outdated. The next next movement had arrived, and from then on the Roots seemed confined to hip-hop's periphery. They kept making records, some better than others, and Questlove remained in high demand for any number of musical endeavors, but the band was no longer near the center of the conversation like they'd been around the time of 1999's Things Fall Apart and 2002's Phrenology, the albums that yielded their biggest hits. I saw them in concert again in 2006, and while their show hadn't changed much, the context around it was completely different. As Kanye was rapidly evolving past his signature pitched-up soul samples, the Roots seemed stuck. Worse, they seemed less and less like a rap group and more and more like a jam band; maybe O.A.R. hadn't been such a strange tour pairing after all.
When the news broke that the Roots had signed on to be Jimmy Fallon's house band on Late Night, it seemed like an odd pairing (this was before Fallon had proved his hip-hop bona fides and everyone thought of him as the guy who laughed too much on SNL) and possibly a gesture of defeat (here was a hard-touring original band leaving the road to play standards on late-night TV). I wondered if Black Thought, the group's lead MC, was going to have anything to do in a TV show's house band. I questioned whether they would be able to keep ties with Philadelphia, the city that spawned them. I worried that the Roots, after being conceptually marginalized in hip-hop, were literally sidelining themselves from the music business. At least they'd be getting paid, I figured.
Thankfully, the Roots and Fallon were a perfect match. He turned out to be a song-and-dance man with a youthful appreciation for music, and the Roots were goofier and better versed in comedy than anybody realized at the time. (Anecdote #17 here, with its references to human pyramids and Lorne Michaels trivia, is illuminating.) Rather than a death knell for the band, their gig on Late Night was revitalizing. Instead of falling into the jazzy/bloozy big band mold that had become the industry standard, they reinvented the the late-night house band into something forward-thinking and interactive. They wouldn't be window dressing; they'd be an integral part of the show, combining with Fallon on musical comedy bits and collaborating with musicians of all sorts. Over five years, they became so essential to Fallon's operation that when word came that he would be taking over The Tonight Show, the thought of him moving to L.A. and carrying on without his musical sidekicks was deflating. Fortunately, NBC was smart enough not to mess with a good thing; they moved The Tonight Show to New York and kept the Roots on board.
During that five-year stint, the Roots reinvented themselves as a band and reinserted themselves in the musical discourse. By signing on with Late Night, they essentially parked themselves at the center of the music universe. Just about every musician who matters passes through there eventually, and the Roots not only got to witness them all in action, hobnob, and learn some new tricks, they often got to collaborate, especially when rappers stopped by. They were suddenly involved in a large percentage of TV's iconic music moments, be they historic (Tyler and Hodgy blowing the roof off, Frank Ocean tearing our hearts out) or just plain fun (the Miley a cappella, the Mariah Christmas sing-along). And they didn't have to stop making records, cease touring completely, or cut ties with their hometown. It turned out to be an ideal situation for them.
The TV gig paid off big-time for the Roots in terms of exposure — how many viral videos have they been a part of in the past five years? — but it also catalyzed a new wave of creativity. The fresh environment on Fallon jolted them out of their routine and exposed them to an even vaster array of music. (Who could have imagined the Roots backing up Mark Kozelek on a 19-year-old Red House Painters song just because?) In the years since they joined up with Fallon, the Roots' sound has evolved faster than ever, incorporating the likes of Jim James, Dirty Projectors, and Sufjan Stevens into their LPs without giving up their well-established identity. As Questlove explains in his book, the job security has freed them up to make the records they want to without worrying about keeping their label happy. They made an entire record with Elvis Costello, which wouldn't have happened without the show. They're in the spotlight to an unprecedented extent and at the peak of their powers — more well-rounded, better-rehearsed, and more widely known than ever.
The move was a game-changer for the Roots, but also for the institution of late-night TV. They brought fun and unpredictability to a venue that had become entrenched in its ways, clearing the way for all kinds of new possibilities down the line. It's hard to imagine a late-night band featuring members of Les Savy Fav if not for the Roots first putting in work to make late-night TV hip. They have effectively vanquished Kevin Eubanks elevator music from the airwaves, and now, along with Fallon, they've taken over the most prominent perch in late night. Just as they had previously redefined what was possible in rap, they've rewritten the rules of music on TV. In a completely different context, they've become what they always claimed to be: The legendary foundation.
Alberta small business confidence continued its free fall in February, dropping well below the worst level of the 2008 recession, says the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.
Its monthly members' outlook, released Thursday, shows a decline of 2.1 points, to 26.7, with more than one-third of respondents stating they expect to reduce staff. It's the fifth time in six months the CFIB index — which measures business owners' views of the economy — reached a new low.
Amber Ruddy, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs for Alberta, said the index is now 10 points below the worst point of 2008 and about 40 points below the level associated with a healthy economy. A year ago, the index was 48.2.
“We had some of the highest highs and now we're experiencing the lowest of lows,” Ruddy said in an interview. “Alberta is used to this boom-and-bust cycle and we're really hoping we're now coming around the bend to get back up to the boom side, but unfortunately we don't see any sign of that in the near future.”
Hiring intentions were unchanged, with 35 per cent of respondents saying they will reduce their full-time workforce. Ten per cent expected to add employees, up one point from January.
Sixty-eight per cent of Alberta small business owners cited tax and regulatory costs as their biggest cost constraint, up two points from January. Wage pressures were cited as a concern by 59 per cent of respondents.
The CFIB is urging the NDP government to balance its budget ahead of schedule and agree to a one-point reduction in the province's corporate income tax rate for small business, now 3 per cent.
Its survey landed a day after Alberta Finance Minister Joe Ceci said the dramatic decline in oil and gas royalties has doubled the projected provincial deficit for next year to more than $10 billion. The government is expected to table its 2016-17 budget in April.
“Some of the policies the government proposed would only help people that are creating jobs and unfortunately there's very few people in this economy that are in that position,” said Ruddy.
“We want to figure out a way to help the broad base of businesses, those that are struggling to keep the employees they currently have.”
The CFIB said an index above 50 means owners expecting their business' performance to be stronger in the next year outnumber those expecting weaker performance. An index level of 65 to 75 is typical when the economy is growing at its potential.
The national index for February was 54.7, paced by Nova Scotia (66.9), Quebec (66.3) and P.E.I. (65.5). The findings, based on 723 online responses, are considered accurate to +\- 3.6 per cent 19 times out of 20, the CFIB said.
CLOSE This week, current Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon announced a $90 million plan to increase annual financial support for Holocaust survivors. USA TODAY
Melinda Hershkowitz sits in her apartment in, Lod, Israel. (Photo11: Shira Rubin)
TEL AVIV — Melinda Hershkowitz has to choose between buying groceries or medicine that the 83-year-old Holocaust survivor needs to help her sleep at night. That's when flashbacks return of her father being shot dead by a Nazi officer.
“We've gone through something that you can't really describe in words, and then my brother and I waited for years for Romania to allow us to leave to Israel. We dreamt of Israel,” said Hershkowitz, who arrived in 1971. She struggles to meet her monthly expenses after working for 45 years as a cleaner and raising her children in a rundown apartment building in Lod, a gritty city near Tel Aviv that is infamous for gang warfare and a booming drug trade.
Wednesday night is the start of Holocaust Remembrance Day around the world. Israel will mark it with a moment of silence and a two-minute air siren to commemorate the 6 million Jews who perished during World War II in Nazi death camps. And Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with a group of survivors on Wednesday.
But that is not enough for activists who are prodding Israel to remember that 45,000 Holocaust survivors such as Hershkowitz are living below the country's poverty line and need more assistance.
She and thousands like her witnessed Nazi atrocities in Europe but were prevented from obtaining special help under an Israeli law that until last year had restricted the definition of “survivor” to those who immigrated to Israel before 1953.
Yet even for Yaakov Heiblum, 90, who arrived in 1949, receiving benefits has been emotionally complicated in the Jewish state, which has placed a higher priority on helping war veterans and newer groups of immigrants as the Holocaust survivor population rapidly dwindles to a current 189,000.
Yaakov Heiblum in his apartment in Ramat Gan, Israel. (Photo11: Shira Rubin)
Heiblum was born in Starachowice, Poland, and has black tattoos on his arm and chest, remnants of two of the four concentration camps where he spent his teenage years.
But when he arrived in Israel, which had just been created in 1948, “no one was interested in talking about what we went through. Instead, they took me straight from the boat and drafted me into the artillery corps," he recalled.
In the early decades of Israeli history, Holocaust survivors were often regarded with hostility, scorned for their alleged weakness in failing to rebel against the Nazis and given derogatory monikers such as sabon, “soap” in Hebrew, referring to the soap that Nazis made from Jewish corpses, Heiblum said.
In a young Israel, where the focus was on building a powerful nationalist identity, even mentioning the Holocaust was “taboo,” an attitude that persisted in the following decades as the country remained consumed by war and efforts to integrate newer waves of immigrants, Heiblum added.
Most survivors are in their late 80s, but a few are much older, such as Yisrael Kristal, a 112-year-old Haifa resident who is listed by Guinness World Records as the world's oldest man. The group's ranks are quickly declining as more than 13,000 dice each year, according to the Foundation for the Benefit of Holocaust Victims in Israel.
The mission to enable survivors such as Heiblum "to have dignity in their remaining years is really a race against the clock,” said Aviva Silverman, an attorney specializing in Holocaust rights and founder of the Spring for Holocaust Survivors, a non-profit organization that seeks to inform survivors on their rights to compensation.
Silverman blamed a lack of awareness and a labyrinthine bureaucratic process for depriving tens of thousands of survivors of money they're legally entitled to, especially those without access to the Internet or a lawyer.
Some also had been unwilling to seek assistance, but survivors and their children "have begun to realize that it's OK to ask for help,” Silverman said.
The Israeli government has attempted to “amend a historical injustice,” according to former finance minister Yair Lapid, who championed a 2014 law ensuring that survivors receive a minimum allotment of $580 a month.
Melinda Hershkowitz, her mother and brother from Transylvania. (Photo11: zcopy photo by Shira Rubin)
This week, current Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon announced a $90 million plan to increase annual financial support for Holocaust survivors. While the community of survivors is dwindling, “what is not decreasing is our desire to listen to their stories, which are an inseparable part of the country's founding, as well as our desire to enable them to grow old with dignity,” Kahlon said.
Activists like Silverman hope Israel follows through this time. In the past, as much as $100 million earmarked for survivors hadn't reached them, Welfare Minister Haim Katz recently disclosed.
“Israel has the funds, but it hasn't been able to get those to the people who most need it,” said Tamara More, CEO of the Association for the Immediate Help of Holocaust Survivors. “Now is already too late for many survivors, and in another few years it will really be too late, but I'm still not optimistic that we'll really get to see the promises kept that would be necessary to help, and even save lives, of these destitute people.”
Hershkowitz is grateful for the financial and emotional support from volunteers such as More. “At my age I have only the one regret of not being able to give my children a little support,” she said. “But, what can I say. There's no future ahead.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SYKyPJ
A 72-year-old Teaneck, New Jersey resident was taken into custody by police last night after he reportedly aimed a gun at a neighbor who farted outside his door.
Daniel Collins and the unidentified victim, 47, live in the same apartment complex, and had apparently been feuding for "some time" over "noise complaints" prior to yesterday's incident.
According to Det. Lt. Andrew McGurr, Collins snapped and pulled out a handgun after "hearing [his neighbor] pass gas in front of his apartment door." He denied brandishing a weapon, but upon searching his vehicle, police officers uncovered a .32-caliber Taurus revolver under the front passenger seat.
Collins was subsequently charged with aggravated assault, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose, unlawful possession of a firearm and making terroristic threats.
[photo Teaneck PD via North Jersey]
The Los Angeles Dodgers are taking the "go big or go home" approach in their search for upgrades to their starting rotation.
The organization is focused on adding a pitcher over a position player, and has its sights set on Sonny Gray, Jose Quintana, Justin Verlander, and Gerrit Cole, sources told Jon Morosi of MLB.com.
The team's impetus to trade for a big-name starter is current ace Clayton Kershaw's workload in the postseason, as the Dodgers want to avoid using the stud left-hander on short rest.
Of the four starters mentioned, Gray and Quintana are widely considered the most sought after and available arms through trade. It was reported Wednesday that the Tigers appear to be considering trading Verlander as well, despite the veteran being owed $84 million until 2019.
Related: 3 potential trade destinations for Verlander
Cole, who has struggled to perform up to his career norm this year with a 4.57 FIP in 16 starts, is an intriguing fit for the Dodgers considering his age (26) and contract, as he's under team control until 2020.
The division-leading Dodgers' rotation has been a force this year in large part thanks to Alex Wood's breakout and Kershaw's dominance. Entering Thursday, the club's starters have produced 8.7 WAR, good for third-most in the majors.
Union Minister for Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari recently said that the government had plans to convert some roads into runways for aircraft landing and take-off. Both commercial and defence operations found a place in the proposal.
Given the recent Civil Aviation policy, which seeks to make air travel more affordable, this plan makes for an interesting development. It may seem unfeasible to many at first glance but the proposal talks about the conversion of roads to runways in border and remote rural areas, where vehicular traffic is low and air connectivity is either limited or absent.
Road runways, also called highway strips, are prevalent in several countries, like Germany and Taiwan, where they are used for emergency landing of defence aircraft.
Advertisement
Revealing more about his plan, Gadkari said that the roads-turned-runways could be closed during take-off and landing of the aircraft, and open to the public at other times. This increases the scope of the proposal greatly. For instance, the border areas in Arunachal Pradesh, which Gadkari has mentioned in his plan, can be used to build airstrips for the Air Force to use in case of, say, a Chinese incursion.
To convert a road into a runway, the road needs to be levelled, straightened, widened, and strengthened. This will prove to be an advantage for motorists as they will have better road quality, in addition to more security.
Effective cordoning off of the runway can be achieved by setting up barriers. Streetlights, medians, and telephone and power cables need to go underground.
Advertisement
Most important, the road must be clearly marked off as a runway. Runway edge lights must be provided at the periphery, along with approach lights on either end. These lights could also be used for street lighting, if required.
Security and aviation arrangements can be made by building necessary infrastructure nearby, say along a section of the road to which a taxiway can easily connect. This taxiway can be shut off in the absence of arrival or departure of a flight.
As far as the plan goes, the runway will most likely be equipped to accommodate smaller aircraft like an ATR, Mirage, or a Dornier.
An Islamic State (IS) group flag is taken down in Syria's ancient city of Palmyra on March 27, 2016, after government troops and allied militia recaptured it from the jihadists (AFP Photo/STR)
Palmyra (Syria) (AFP) - Syrian troops recaptured the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State group and pledged to build on the win with an advance against other jihadist strongholds.
President Bashar al-Assad hailed the victory as "important," as his Russian counterpart and ally Vladimir Putin congratulated Damascus for retaking the UNESCO world heritage site.
An AFP correspondent inside Palmyra said monuments destroyed by the jihadists, including the iconic Temple of Bel, were in pieces but much of the ancient city was intact.
Residential neighbourhoods in the adjacent modern town, where 70,000 people lived before the war, were deserted and damage was widespread, the correspondent said.
Syrian soldiers, pro-government militiamen, and Russian fighters strolled among the ruins in awe, while a group of regime fighters kicked around a football in the middle of a street.
But one Syrian fighter stood sobbing loudly in the old ruins.
"I'm sad to see some of the old city destroyed, but I'm also weeping for my brother, who died in the battle here," the soldier said.
"By taking the city, I feel I've avenged his death."
Islamic State jihadists sparked a global outcry when they started destroying Palmyra's treasured monuments, which they consider idolatrous, after seizing it in May 2015.
But Syria's antiquities chief on Sunday said the priceless artefacts had survived better than feared.
"We were expecting the worst. But the landscape, in general, is in good shape," Maamoun Abdulkarim told AFP from Damascus.
"We could have completely lost Palmyra... The joy I feel is indescribable."
The Syrian army said that Sunday's victory meant the city would now serve as a base to "broaden operations" against IS, including in its stronghold of Raqa and Deir Ezzor further east.
- Symbolic, strategic prize -
Backed by Russian air strikes, Syrian troops and allied militia launched a major offensive to retake Palmyra this month.
The city is both a symbolic and strategic prize for Assad's forces, as it provides control of the surrounding desert extending all the way to the Iraqi border.
At least 400 IS fighters were killed in the battle for the city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. On the government side, 188 troops and militiamen were killed.
"That's the heaviest losses that IS has sustained in a single battle since its creation" in 2013, the director of the Britain-based monitoring group, Rami Abdel Rahman, told AFP.
A military source told AFP on Sunday that IS militants had retreated towards the east as the army made its final push.
After seizing Palmyra last year, IS blew up two of the site's treasured temples, its triumphal arch and a dozen tower tombs, in a campaign of destruction that UNESCO described as a war crime.
The jihadists used Palmyra's ancient theatre as a venue for public executions and also murdered the city's 82-year-old former antiquities chief.
Palmyra, northeast of Damascus, drew some 150,000 tourists a year before Syria's civil war and is known to Syrians as the "Pearl of the Desert".
Syrian state television broadcast footage from inside Palmyra's famed museum, showing jagged pieces of sculptures on the ground and blanketed in dust.
- Gains against IS -
IS, behind a string of attacks in the West including last week's Brussels bombings, is under growing pressure from Syrian and Iraqi forces determined to retake bastions of its self-proclaimed "caliphate".
On Thursday, the Iraqi army announced the launch of an offensive to eventually recapture second city Mosul, held by the jihadists since June 2014.
Russian forces, which intervened in support of longtime ally Assad last September, were heavily involved in the Palmyra offensive despite a major drawdown last week.
Russian warplanes carried out 40 combat sorties around Palmyra in the last 24 hours, striking 117 "terrorist targets" and killing 80 IS fighters, Moscow's defence ministry said Sunday.
Putin telephoned Assad to congratulate the Syrian leader, adding that "successes such as the liberation of Palmyra would be impossible without Russia's support," a Kremlin spokesman said.
Assad said the victory was "fresh proof of the efficiency of the Syrian army and its allies in fighting terrorism".
IS and its jihadist rival, the Al-Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front, are not party to a ceasefire in force across Syria since February 27.
The truce has brought relative quiet to many areas across Syria, where more than 270,000 have been killed and millions had fled their homes in the last five years.
The Observatory for Human Rights said on Sunday that 363 civilians had been killed since the truce went into effect -- the lowest monthly toll in four years.
Steve Lamacq celebrates the 20th anniversary of the seminal Britpop moment, when the biggest and most bombastic band of the time, Oasis, were at the height of their powers and played to 250,000 people over the weekend at Knebworth House. In this special programme, exactly 20 years to the day since the first of the two events, Steve explores the build-up to the weekend, reflecting on why it was extraordinary for so many and sharing memories from those who were there and the memorabilia they have cherished all this time.
Steve will have new interviews from the bands which supported Oasis over the weekend, which included Prodigy, Manic Street Preachers, The Chemical Brothers, The Charlatans and Ocean Colour Scene. Plus we'll hear from those who made the monumental gigs happen, incuding Mike Lowe who built the biggest sound rig the country had seen at the time, and Henry Lytton Cobbold , owner of the Knebworth Estate. In the final hour of the programme, you will be able to hear the concert, as it was broadcast live in 1996.
If you were at Knebworth and want to share your memories, send them to lamacq.6music@bbc.co.uk.
Show less
With respect to scrolling: We (AMP team) filed a bug with Apple about that (we didn't implement scrolling ourselves, just use a div with overflow). We asked to make the scroll inertia for that case the same as the normal scrolling.
Apple's response was (surprisingly) to make the default scrolling like the overflow scrolling. So, with the next Safari release all pages will scroll like AMP pages.
In current iOS Safari, webpage scrolling is inconsistent from all other scrolling on the system. This was an intentional decision made long ago. In addition, overflow areas are consistent with the rest of the system, and thus inconsistent with top-level webpage scrolling. This is semi-accidental. In reviewing scroll rates, we concluded that the original reason was no longer a good tradeoff. Thus this change, which removed all the inconsistencies: https://trac.webkit.org/changeset/211197/webkit
Having all scrolling be consistent feels good once you get used to it.
Apple is planning to make some changes to scrolling behavior in mobile Safari in a future update, making for a more unified scrolling experience.The news comes courtesy of a Hacker News thread discussing Apple's default scrolling behavior vs. the scrolling behavior of webpages that use Google AMP, a discussion inspired by a Daring Fireball post on the subject.Google AMP (or Accelerated Mobile Pages), for those unfamiliar, is an online publishing format created by Google that's optimized for mobile web browsing and rapid page loading. It is used by multiple news sites, including CNN, ABC, and The Washington Post. On mobile Safari, AMP uses its own scrolling behavior, making AMP pages stand out from non-AMP pages.In the Hacker News discussion, Malte Ubl, who created Google AMP, says the AMP team filed a bug report about the scrolling discrepancy, and as a result, Apple is going to implement a change that makes all webpages scroll like AMP pages.Another Hacker News responder, " Om2 ," who appears to work on WebKit, explains that Safari webpage scrolling is inconsistent from all other scrolling, an intentional decision implemented several years ago. Following a review of scrolling rates, Apple has decided to implement a change to introduce a more consistent scrolling experience.At the current time, the difference between scrolling on an AMP page and a standard webpage is noticeable, with the AMP pages scrolling faster and more smoothly. It's not entirely clear when the scrolling change will be implemented in mobile Safari, as the new scrolling behavior is not available in the current iOS 10.3.3 beta.
The aide, part of Clinton's inner circle, was allowed to work at the State Department and,
Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime aide, testified last week that her boss burned her schedules while serving as secretary of state.
'If there was a schedule that was created that was her Secretary of State daily schedule, and a copy of that was then put in the burn bag, that ... that certainly happened on ... on more than one occasion,' Abedin told lawyers representing conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, according to the New York Post.
While Clinton admitted to deleting personal emails from her homebrew server, this is the first time anyone in Clinton's State Department inner circle admitted to destroying public records while on the job.
Scroll down for video
Hillary Clinton's (left) longtime aide Huma Abedin (right) was interviewed under oath last week as part of ongoing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit
State Department aide Huma Abedin, who now serves as the vice chairwoman to Hillary Clinton's campaign, told lawyers that copies of her boss' daily schedule sometimes ended up in the 'burn bag'
The 'burn bag' is used to discard sensitive or classified documents.
A former State Department employee told the New York Post it was unprecedented for a diplomat to handle schedules this way.
'I spend eight years at the State Department and watched as four U.S. ambassadors and two secretaries of state shared their daily schedules with a variety of State Department employees and U.S. officials,' Richard Grenell, a former diploma and U.S. spokesman at the United Nations told the Post.
'I've never seen anyone put their schedule in the burn bag – because every one of them had a state.gov email address and therefore their daily schedules became public records, as required by law,' Grenell added.
Others who the newspaper talked to suggested the carefulness in how she discarded her schedule highlighted her carelessness when it came to using a private email server.
'The [president's] schedule was not classified but it was deemed "highly sensitive,"' noted Brad Blakeman, a scheduler for President George W. Bush.
'Instructions were given at the White House and on the road that schedules would be disposed of through the use of "burn bags" and/or shredding,' Blakeman told the Post.
Hillary Clinton's use of burn bags for her schedule was surprising to some current and former government officials, as they're supposed to be pubic documents
'This shows, in my opinion, a skewed sense of security,' he added. 'The Clinton people would dispose of the security's schedule in the same manner as if it were classified yet those same safeguards were not in place with regard to email communications.'
Clinton critic Ambassador John Bolton said this move showed a 'recklessness' on behalf of the now likely Democratic presidential nominee, though, 'They can't eliminate it even if they wanted to,' Bolton told the Post.
Abedin had been asked the question, 'And during your tenure at the State Department, were you aware of your obligation not to delete federal records or destroy federal records?'
The Judicial Watch lawyer did not press her with a follow-up.
The conservative group was given permission to depose Clinton's State Department aides as part of ongoing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit rooted in Abedin's unique employment setup.
Abedin was allowed to work both at the State Department and for the outside consulting firm Teneo.
She performed duties for the Clinton Foundation as well.
Today she serves as Clinton's vice chairwoman for her presidential campaign.
INDIANAPOLIS -- State and federal investigations are underway into the Indiana Transportation Museum – known best for the long-running State Fair Train and the Polar Bear Express.
Call 6 Investigates learned volunteers blew the whistle on alleged mismanagement of money and failure to maintain records by the museum.
Seven long-time volunteers at the museum tipped off investigators to the alleged acts by the museum's board of directors.
Tom Nichols is one of those volunteers. He spent 16 years volunteering at the museum, and is the former head of the operations board. That was before he was fired from his volunteer position along with the other whistleblowers.
"We were notified in mid-March, both by an email, then by certified letter that the actions we took constituted as a hostile takeover which could not be tolerated, and it was against, in their opinion, the rules of the museum, so they had no choice but to terminate us permanently and immediately," Nichols said.
Nichols was reluctant to talk at first, saying he didn't want to bring a "bad light" to the museum. But he eventually agreed to share his story of volunteering at the museum.
"The real red flag was financial reports not always agreeing with what the dispatcher's reports were showing in terms of the ridership and just the secrecy surrounding everything," Nichols said.
The letter from the whistleblowers alleges wrongdoing by the museum's board of directors, including questionable financial practices, failure to maintain timely and complete records and an inability to properly manage the museum.
But even though the museum has a whistleblower protection section in their general volunteer manual, the group of seven was still fired.
"It was a huge punch in the gut," Nichols said.
The letter was also sent to the attorney general and the railroad's owner, the Hoosier Heritage Port Authority. It was after the letter that the HHPA decided to call in the Federal Railroad Administration to review the museum's operations, specifically because of one point on the letter.
The HHPA says because of the allegations of failing to maintain records on the train's operations forced them to suspend ITM from using the tracks.
At the same time, the attorney general started investigating the museum, and Call 6 has learned that there are four ongoing, independent investigations into the museum's board of directors.
Call 6 Investigates tried for weeks to get a response from the museum. Eventually, a response was sent Monday night.
In a letter, the museum's directors say the allegations made by the whistleblowers are completely untrue. They also referred to the dismissal of the volunteers as "housecleaning."
The HHPA says it will gladly reopen the line as soon as the museum cooperates with investigators.
In 1941, reflecting on his own life, which spanned several revolutions, exile, and prison, Victor Serge commented:
The only meaning of life lies in conscious participation in the making of history. The more I think of that, the more deeply true it seems to be. It follows that one must range oneself actively against everything that diminishes man, and involve oneself in all struggles which tend to liberate and enlarge him. This categorical imperative is in no way lessened by the fact that such an involvement is inevitably soiled by error: it is a worse error to live for oneself, caught within traditions which are soiled by inhumanity . [1]
For Victor Serge, there was no life possible that could be separated from a commitment to the revolutionary struggle. And his life-spanned the first World War to the Russian Revolution, the rise of fascism in Germany and Spain, the rise of Stalin and the cataclysm of World War II. Serge lived through the heights of revolutionary triumph to the darkness of what he termed “the midnight of the century.” That commitment ranged from involvement in anarchism, syndicalism, Bolshevism, Trotskyism and what is best described as socialist humanism. Serge's revolutionary career saw him take up such varied roles as organizer, journalist, theoretician, militant, soldier, translator, a prisoner under at least five different regimes, secret agent, and a historian.
Serge, while always desiring a world beyond capitalism, was also an independent thinker with his own dissident style of Marxism that allowed him to critically record the experience of his generation. His writing was done in a number of works, historical, autobiographical and theoretical. In these works, Serge sought to honestly and faithfully, although not without criticism, tell the story of those who fought for revolution with both their successes and their failures, and perhaps most importantly to understand via a rigorous use of the Marxist method.
Serge was also a talented novelist. He wrote seven surviving novels, and he conceived of his fictional works as a revolutionary project that would break with the bourgeois novel and render the discontinuities and rupture of social conventions which are characteristic of revolutions. In Serge's novels there are no unique characters, but rather crowds and collectives in motion, who are filled with dynamism and caught up in the hurricane of events which are described with brutal realism and touching honesty. His fiction wound up being a masterpiece which showcased the complexity, reality and the purpose of struggle and revolution in both victory and defeat.
I. Life
Victor Serge (Kibalchich) was born in 1891 in Belgium to exiled Russian revolutionaries. Serge grew up in extreme poverty, suffering hunger and losing a younger brother at an early age. Serge's father passed on his revolutionary beliefs to his son. Serge, who had no formal education, entered the workforce during his fifteenth year, laboring for ten hours or more. During his adolescence, Serge befriended a group of young rebels. Serge describes his friends as “lean young wolves, full of pride and thought: dangerous types. We had a certain fear of becoming careerists, as we considered many of our elders to be who had made some show of being revolutionary, and afterwards…” [2] Suffice to say, Serge and his radical friends were not inclined toward the gradualist methods that were taking hold in the mainstream socialist parties.
Initially, Serge did join the Belgian Socialist Youth. Serge had a different view of socialism than the party though. He believed that “socialism gave a meaning to life, and that was: struggle.” [3] This revolutionary edge put him in conflict with the party as he said of the conflict with the leadership: “we had satisfied ourselves with a Socialism of battle, and it was the great age of reformism.” [4] Serge later left the party, when its leader Vandervelde advocated and justified the brutal Belgian annexation of the Congo. Following his departure from the socialist party, Serge became an active anarchist of an individualistic variety who advocated illegalism and banditry. Serge said of bandits that he was with them because they “demonstrate their determination to live.” [5] Following these convictions, Serge moved to France and became a supporter of the infamous Bonnot gang, who were a group of anarchists involved in bank robberies and shootouts.
Serge was arrested in France in 1911 for a connection to a shoot-out. However, Serge was not involved in the shootout, but he was a journalist who was “singled out as the intellectual author of the Bonnot band's crimes.” [6] Serge was sentenced to a prison term that lasted from 1913 to 1917, where he reflected on his worldview. Serge turned from his anarchist individualist philosophy, believing that the Bonnot gang “was like a collective suicide.” [7] Serge's imprisonment coincided with the outbreak of World War One. To Serge, the behavior of socialist parties and syndicalists supporting the war “was incomprehensible to us. Did they then believe nothing of what they preached yesterday?” [8] Serge was caught up in the despair that had gripped many revolutionaries with the outbreak of the war.
Serge was released from jail in early 1917 and was told to leave France by the authorities. Following his release from prison, Serge made his way to Spain where he became involved with the anarcho-syndicalist CNT, the largest union in the country. Serge's involvement with the CNT marked a definite change in his thinking. He said in a letter to a friend: "I feel myself capable of working with all those who, animated by the same desire for a better life, clearer and more intelligent, advance towards their future, even by different roads than mine and even if they give our common goal in reality different names that I don't know." [9]
In Spain, revolution was in the air, mixed with the intense exploitation of the proletariat and fired by the energies of the Russian Revolution. The CNT made an abortive attempt to stage a revolutionary uprising in July 1917, that Serge partook in. However, by now Serge was transfixed by Bolshevism, which came to power in November, and he desired to reach Russia to be a part of the great event.
Serge fled Spain and reentered France, only to be imprisoned as a “Bolshevik suspect” until 1919. Serge and other political prisoners were eventually exchanged for other French prisoners then being held in Russia. At this time, the impoverished Soviet Republic was locked in a desperate civil war with foreign and internal counterrevolutionaries, where no quarter was given. For Serge, there was no doubt which side he was on. As he said, "I would support the Bolsheviks because they were doing what was necessary tenaciously, doggedly, with magnificent ardour and a calculated passion; I would be with them because they alone were carrying this out, taking all responsibilities on themselves, all the initiatives, and were demonstrating an astonishing strength of spirit." [10] He joined the Communist Party, fought in the Red Army during the defense of Petrograd in 1919 and became a translator for the Communist International.
Selfless are one of the eight teams that will participate in the $125,000 CEVO Gfinity Professional Season 9 Finals and they will be joined by two of their NA brethren in London, OpTic and Splyce.
They will be in the same group with SK, Dignitas, and Tempo Storm but groups were not revealed prior to this interview which means he couldn't comment on his group.
Relyks has now moved into more of a lurking position
Read below to see what Skyler "Relyks" Weaver had to say about the tournament taking place in UK, their team's recent form, and their climb to #20 on the Team rankings.
I suppose from one perspective it's a good thing if there are weaker teams at an event, because it gives you a higher chance to place better but I don't really look at it that way. I think the harder the competition the better. It truly gives you a chance to test yourself versus the best. I wish that NaVi didn't drop out because it would have been awesome to be able to get to play against them. We know that we can beat the NA teams (and Tempo) because we've had good results against them before. The unknown is how we'd perform against VP, dig, or HR. I think that if we stay focused and play with confidence, a deep run is very possible.
The tournament only features two teams that are in the top 10 rankings (Virtus.pro and dignitas). Do you feel like this is a good opportunity for your team to get good results and how far do you think your team can go? Do you think a deep run from you guys is likely?
We haven't exactly been preparing specifically for CEVO. Even now, I fly out in 5 hours and we don't know the full roster of attending teams and groups. But, it's more so that we found we were able to attend last minute as originally it conflicted with some ESL matches and we weren't sure we were going to be able to make it.
What do you think about Nuke getting into the Active Duty maps and Inferno going out? Have you touched the new version of Nuke at all?
I think it's a little bit sad; we've seen some really intense matches at big tournaments on Inferno before. A lot of people used to think Inferno was a boring map to watch due to how constricted the choke points were, and with the previous round timers it was just watching CT's cycle utility to burn the clock. I think the extended round timers made it a bit more interesting and I think with some more tweaks, the map could be brought back to competitive play. I'd like to see how teams start playing the new Nuke and how the meta plays out on it, because it seems like Valve made a lot of changes to make it fewer CT sided. I've played the new Nuke here and there, but I doubt that any teams had put any practice time into it (at least prior to the announcement of the change).
As this tournament will only feature eight teams, the organizers decided to make group stage matches best-of-three while the semis and the grand finals are going to be played as a best-of-five. What do you think about this format and do you think this is a bit overkill?
I think it's definitely a lot of CS to be played. A lot of people seem to complain about BO1s in group play, especially if there is no lower bracket (because you can lose two BO1s and go home). Maybe because there are only 8 teams, they think they have the liberty to let teams play that much and not run into any problems regarding time. Hopefully everything works out.
How hard was it to lose Kenneth "koosta" Suen and how is Noah "Nifty" Francis and Mitch "mitch" Semago settling into the team? Why exactly did you pick them?
Losing Koosta was definitely disheartening, but we didn't feel like we were dead in the water. When we were Enemy, most people thought our entire team was based around him and without him we would achieve nothing (similar to KennyS in the old Titan). We were looking at our options among newer young talents that hadn't really had their chance to shine in Professional yet. We tried out several different players, but we found m1tch and Nifty to be the best fit. They had talent, hunger to win, the will to improve, and could accept critcism. (i.e. everything you look for in a teammate).
What is your squad's basic role breakdown with this lineup?
When we had Koosta and Lucky I used to be the 2nd in/support player but we've moved roles around a bit. Mainline is still the IGL, Nifty is the primary AWPer, Uber is the entry fragger, m1tch is now typically the 2nd entry/support and I've moved into more of a lurking position. Our roles aren't super concrete and shift around based on the round sometimes, but that's the jist! They're settling into the team very well.
You have sneakily made your way into our rankings and are ranked #20 at the moment. Your good online form has been a factor but do you think you can take it even further in a LAN environment?
I think it was surprising to many the form that we started to play in considering the loss of Koosta. Actually, in my opinion, with the addition of m1tch and Nifty we were probably playing the best CS we had ever played as a team. This will be both m1tch and Nifty's first LAN (Nifty has been to COD Lans on console but never CS). Hopefully they can quickly adjust to the LAN environment and we can all play with some confidence and I think we'll be fine.
Acquiring players from overseas is getting more and more popular. What are your thoughts about these transfers and the current state of the North American scene?
I think it was simply a matter of time before this trend came to CS (compared to other eSports). I think it's even more likely due to the apparent difference in salary and money orgs throw around in NA compared to EU (as far as I've heard), which would make it tempting for European talent to come overseas to play. I think aside from s1mple, it really hasn't changed the landscape of NA CS that much (and he's already gone). Two UK players were picked up by coL, but they haven't really achieved great results. The next one to watch is mixwell, who seems very talented but I don't know if it's been long enough to see how much he influences OpTic's success.
Despite your better track record than some of the invited teams in both ELEAGUE and ECS, you guys were not invited. How do you feel about this situation?
I tweeted some of my opinions on this (as did many people). There seemed to be a particular outrage with Tempo Storm not being invited directly into either league. I do think it's unfair. It's all decisions made from a business perspective on which orgs will draw the most traffic and have the biggest following versus what teams will make for the best CS to be played/watched (at least that's what I think). There isn't much we can do about it at this point except keep trying to grow our org and keep playing good CS and hopefully catch someones eye. I hope in the future that this process of thought and decision making changes.
What goals have you set as a team for yourselves in the short term (2-3 months)? Will you be attending any LAN tournaments in the upcoming weeks?
Our schedule is actually extremely busy. We're attending the CEVO Gfinity Pro-League Season 9 Finals this Thursday-Sunday. We fly back the following Monday, then we all fly out for Dreamhack Austin the next day. That's the weekend of the 6th-8th. Then we attend the NA Minor on the weekend of the 20th. So within a month, we'll be attending 3 seperate LANs and there might be a bootcamp somewhere in there. Our goals are to play as best we can in these tournaments we're attending, but one of the biggest is to win the minor so we can attend the major qualifier and give ourselfs a shot to attend the next major.
Before we end our interview, is there anything you want to say to your fans and shout-outs you want to give?
I'd like to thank everyone who has supported my team and I. Whether it was since we were Enemy, or you're a new fan of Selfless, thank you for all the tweets, forum posts and love. It means a lot to us and is amazing to see. I'd like to thank my teammates and our org, Selfless Gaming, for the support we get as well. Last but not least, I'd like to thank my family and girlfriend for dealing with my crazy eSports life and supporting me even though sometimes it means little time spent with them. Thanks for the interview!
HARRISBURG, Pa. – The Harrisburg City Islanders announced on Thursday the signing of former LA Galaxy II center back Lee Nishanian. The signing is pending league and federation approval.
Nishanian joins the City Islanders after spending the past two seasons with Los Dos. The 25-year-old made 50 regular-season appearances for the Galaxy II over the past three seasons, and helped LA win the 2015 USL Western Conference Championship and earn a place in that season's USL Cup Final. This past season he finished second on the Galaxy II with 2,159 minutes of action as the side reached the USL Cup Playoffs for a third consecutive season.
"I'm excited to join the Harrisburg City Islanders,” said Nishanian. “I know the team's looking to get back to the playoffs in 2017 and I'm looking to contribute in any way that I can. Signing with the team was an easy decision. I feel really comfortable here and I am excited to get started and see if we can do something special here."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Thursday that they back President Trump's decision to pull America out of the Paris climate agreement, which Trump said circumvented the will of Congress because it was never ratified by the U.S. Senate like other treaties.
"The Paris climate agreement was simply a raw deal for America," Ryan, R-Wis., said in a statement. "Signed by President Obama without Senate ratification, it would have driven up the cost of energy, hitting middle-class and low-income Americans the hardest. In order to unleash the power of the American economy, our government must encourage production of American energy."
"I commend President Trump for fulfilling his commitment to the American people and withdrawing from this bad deal," Ryan said.
McConnell, R-Ky., said the move would help ensure an end to regulatory moves by the Obama administration that hurt U.S. energy production.
"President Obama made commitments in this deal based off a costly power plan that we knew at the time was on shaky legal ground," McConnell said in a statement. "By withdrawing from this unattainable mandate, President Trump has reiterated his commitment to protecting middle class families across the country and workers throughout coal country from higher energy prices and potential job loss."
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said the climate deal imposed great costs for little gain. McCarthy said private innovation, such as the growth in the natural gas industry, would help ensure a cleaner climate.
"President Trump made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States," McCarthy said in a statement.
And House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., said Trump's move is "refreshing" because it puts American jobs and the economy first. He said the Paris accord is "radical" and "is more about wealth redistribution than protecting the environment."
Last week, 22 Republican senators sent a letter to Trump, urging him to pull out of the climate pact.
The South Sydney Rabbitohs have signed exciting young players Dean Britt and Jesse Arthars for the 2018 and 2019 seasons.
Britt, 23, is a second rower who has been a part of the Melbourne Storm's under 20s and full time squads over the past five seasons.
Britt represented NSW in under 20s and under 18s Origin series' and played for the Queensland Residents team in 2017. Dean is the son of former Australian representative player Darren Britt.
Arthars, 18, is a fullback or winger from the Melbourne Storm system, who was the leading points scorer in the Holden Cup under 20s competition in 2016 and is part of the Storm's under 20s leadership group.
Rabbitohs Head Coach Michael Maguire believes both players have their best football in front of them.
“We've been following Dean's and Jesse's growth as players for a while now and we believe, with hard work and dedication, that they can earn themselves a spot in our top 17 players,” Coach Maguire said.
“They are the types of players that will put everything into their football to be the best that they can be.
“They have both indicated that they are keen to join us to learn their trade from our senior players and to give their all in an effort to play first grade at our Club.
“We wish them both luck for the remainder of this season and we look forward to having them join us later this year.”
Biographies
Dean Britt
Date of Birth
17 March 1994
Place of Birth
Bathurst, NSW
Height
193cm
Weight
105kg
Position
Second row
Junior Club
Camden Rams
Rep Honours
Queensland Residents (2017)
Two games for NSW under 20s Origin (2013-14)
NSW under 18s Origin (2012)
NSW Country under 18s (2011)
Jesse Arthars
Date of Birth
8 July 1998
Place of Birth
Auckland, NZ
Height
189cm
Weight
88kg
Position
Fullback, wing
Junior Club
Keebra Park
Awards
Holden Cup season top points scorer (2016)
You must be registered to post comments. Login or Register
AYT BALL writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 3:02:14 AM
Come on, we've all wanted to do it! lol
Rambo writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 3:07:16 AM
Al Bundy went to the cinema again?
trailertrash writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 3:19:26 AM
Watching the Black Swan Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Maybe the guy was put off his stroke !!!
Ivor_the_Engine writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 3:51:22 AM
So reading this article with the false headline, a guy eats popcorn way to loud, and then shoots someone for calling him out on his sh*t?
Injustice
Cinemaisdead writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 4:17:10 AM
Ivor- Good point, he could of said a number of things in the argument that happened after the loud eating, maybe he fingered hiw wifes bum hole under the seat...
trailertrash writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 4:59:46 AM
haha The Canvey Sunday special ...
bandolero999 writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 5:22:23 AM
Why couldn't that be any of the jersey shore cast that got shot.
snoop writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 7:37:15 AM
Those audience members are cool.
funseeker writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 7:39:02 AM
good thing that law enforcement has such a good screening of candidates. maybe it's falling down 2 promo shoots?
Bunny X writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 7:59:30 AM
There needs to be a formula for deciphering WP's headlines.
Exclamation marks = weak news.
Question marks = from a very unreliable source.
Awesome trailer = not able to open it to view it.
Cinemaisdead writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:01:26 AM
Trailer- I call it the "Vulcan Love Punch" two in the pink, one in the stink, girls love it (never try when girls are constipated)
AYT BALL writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:19:56 AM
@ Bunny - LOL! we had the discussion not long ago about the Question mark headlines, basically means total bullsh*t but its a slow day so what the hell!
boogiel writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:25:24 AM
"The shooter turned out to be a graduate of the police academy, who happens to also have a law degree from University of Latvia. He was eventually overpowered by other audience members, who held him until police arrived."
Well, one thing for sure, He ain't gonna need a lawyer.
Big_Daddy writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:30:28 AM
Loud popcorn eating in Latvia? I didn't know they had Black people there?
OH NO HE DIDN'!
zyban03 writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:37:36 AM
@ Big_Daddy
I kept waiting to read at a screening of 'Boyz N the Hood'
trucvylucky852 writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:39:11 AM
ohh that crazy balki......always getting in trouble.
SACdaddy writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:49:04 AM
My hero!!!
BadChadB33 writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 9:51:14 AM
Well, lose control much? O well I wanted to take an uzi and spray down a bunch of noisy kids before. Then again who hasn't.
otis writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 10:28:57 AM
"A 42-year-old moviegoer got into a brief argument with a 27-year-old man who was apparently chewing his popcorn too loud."
OK Alex, gotta be the grammar police again. Are you saying the 27-year-old was chewing popcorn too loud? Because that's what that one says. I was briefly confused for the rest of the article because of that subject mixup. But I'm ok now. Because common sense reigns supreme.
Big_Daddy writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 11:02:47 AM
@zyban03
that's racist....not all black people have seen boyz in the hood I would say 50%
the other 50% watched menace II society!!
Kurskij writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 11:44:48 AM
Yep, false headline.
I wonder if he shouted out some awesome one-liner first.
Like "You've got a bad taste in movies!"
Queef Latifah writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 12:30:48 PM
That's why I only date black men...
tonguepunchingpussy writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 12:56:57 PM
@Big-Daddy, come on, we all know black people don't eat popcorn at the theater, it would take away from them yelling at the screen.....
Big_Daddy writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 1:15:54 PM
@Tonguepunchingp*ssy
Dammit! how did I miss that one!
swoooop writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 3:55:46 PM
I actually went to therapy to learn how to deal with people eating loud and with their f*ckING mouth open. Now, I have no LAMEAS problems hearing and seeing people eating crunchy chips, or cheese cheesBALLS. I don't think its f*ckING DISCUSSING hearing people making BLOODY spittsounds when they chew gum, and I really like it when EVERY SINGEL CHEW is followed by a RIDICULES and ANOING BLOODY IRRITATING BITCHY SONOFA.........what Im trying to say, is that the therapy worked fine.
otis writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 5:51:25 PM
@swoooop
What you just said sounds like a bad MadLibs to me
Ranger writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 6:58:32 PM
@Bunny & Tongue... lol.
edantes writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 7:04:50 PM
The guy who died had his 14 year old daughter with him, and leaves behind 3 more kids. The guy who shot him had been annoying everyone the whole movie.
encoreyourface writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:06:42 PM
that's f*cking insane. can't help but to laugh a little though at the craziness ...
Ranger writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:22:31 PM
I'd knee-drop the f*cker in the neck so he could spend the rest of living as a quad, thinking about what he did. So many involved in the struggle... I'd bolt afore the cops arrived.
Not saying that I have ever done that to someone... just sayin'...
sort of.
Ranger writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:24:05 PM
We actually had a family of 4 once (I called them 'The Clampett's)... eating burgers out of the f*ckING FOIL WRAPPERS!!! THEN.. THEN PASSING AROUND THE PAPER BAG TO PUT ALL THEIR sh*t IN!!!
IF I HAD A GUN!!!
Frank4969 writes:
on February 22nd, 2011 at 8:40:02 PM
Why couldn't that have happened to Justin beaver!
raza12 writes:
on February 23rd, 2011 at 8:37:28 AM
So is't this atricle titled incorrectly? The article suggests that it was the 27 year old popcorn muncher that shot the other guy for complaining. . .
Ranger writes:
on February 23rd, 2011 at 6:54:25 PM
@raza - yeah. You'll get accustomed to that on here.
ismokerocks writes:
on February 23rd, 2011 at 9:04:28 PM
i hate when people eat to loud it drives me crazy
OzBox writes:
on February 26th, 2011 at 9:53:41 PM
Correct title: Crazy person with gun not a US citizen!
darkraven28 writes:
on March 1st, 2011 at 6:31:49 AM
Time for the Goodfellas defense!
That damn Spider scene made me do it!!!! SORRY!!!
A flight attendant's desperate telephone call has provided new details of the last moments of Flight 11 before it hit the World Trade Center.
According to the FBI transcript, part of which was published in the Los Angeles Times, Madeline Amy Sweeney described how hijackers stabbed passengers and then diverted the plane.
I see water and buildings. Oh my God! Oh my God!
Flight attendant Madeline Amy Sweeney
A US official praised Ms Sweeney's ability to keep calm and describe the crisis as it unfolded but the mother-of-two's words ended in horror and disbelief. When Ms Sweeney came on the phone to ground staff in Boston it was to report that a hijack was in progress. Four attackers had cut the throat of a passenger in business class and stabbed two others, she said. Three of the hijackers had been sitting in business class themselves and one spoke very good English. Composure As Ms Sweeney was giving their seat numbers, they reached the cockpit and it was then, as the plane suddenly changed course, that she spoke her last reported words: "I see water and buildings. Oh my God! Oh my God!"
The suspected hijackers on Flight 11 Waleed M Alshehri Wail Alshehri Mohamed Atta Abdelaziz al-Omari Satam Al Suqami
An online community user going by the online alias gingerbreadfutters who has an undisclosed terminal disease, recently purchased $325,000 worth of Bitcoin as the digital currency achieved a new all-time high at $1,700.
Bitcoin price has increased significantly since then, reaching $1,866 as a global average across major markets on May 11. However, users in the online community wherein ginerbreadfutters made his announcement harshly criticized his decision to all in on Bitcoin after they discovered that he obtained the capital through a loan.
To be specific, gingerbreadfutters acquired an equity loan of $325,239 on his house in order to purchase 191 Bitcoins.
He stated:
“I decided to make my newest lunge, using what equity I have accrued on my estate over the past 10 years since the 2008 financial crisis. If Bitcoin reaches the 10k mark — which I see as a distinct possibility, or I would not have taken such a risk — I plan on moving to the West Coast and getting away from all the angry people here where I currently reside.”
Investment or gambling on life savings?
An equity loan is a type of loan in which the equity of the borrower's home is used as collateral. In other words, gingerbreadfutters is gambling on his life savings that is his real estate and betting yet another $325,000 obtained by using his life savings as collateral to make a mid-term profit on Bitcoin.
More to that, gingerbreadfutters told his online community that he plans to sell all of his Bitcoins once Bitcoin price hits $10,000 and purchase new real estate on the west coast.
However, the community criticized gingerbreadfutters' extremely risky and frankly foolish investment strategy. Investors should always prevent from initiating risky investments for short and mid-term profit because there are potential situations wherein investors may be in urgent need of capital but their assets or money are locked up.
Bitcoin is a highly liquid asset, investment and currency to posses. But, if gingerbreadfutters makes a slight mistake in his calculations and plans and risk his life savings, the entire mid-term Bitcoin investment strategy could end up as a disaster.
A tip for potential investors - always consider the risks
Another online community user with the alias Dispairsquid16 efficiently analyzed gingerbreadfutters' situation and investment mindset with an analogy:
“Almost like a high school chemistry teacher deciding to begin making and selling crystal meth due to a change in life circumstances.”
Gingerbreadfutters realized that he will not be able to live a long life due to an undisclosed terminal disease and thus, acknowledging that he has little to lose, he gambled his life savings and a massive debt obtained using his life savings as collateral to investment in Bitcoin.
For any potential investors planning on investing in Bitcoin, it is an extremely risky approach to gamble a large amount of money on Bitcoin's short and mid-term price trend.
My Orbit-published epic fantasy trilogy AGE OF IRON is set in Britain during the . . . you guessed it . . . Iron Age. After looking around for about twenty years, I learnt about Britain in the Iron Age and I'd know I'd found the perfect place and time to set a novel. Here's why.
An Almost Blank Canvas
The Iron Age ran from roughly 800BC to 43AD, so was relatively recent. Your great times ninety grandparents might have been running around then. The Age of Iron trilogy is set near the end of the period, between 61BC and 54BC.
This period of history was much busier than most would think. There were roads, towns and massive hillforts all over the country. However, we know almost nothing about it because the ancient Brits didn't write and in 43AD – a hundred years after my book is set – the Romans invaded successfully, stayed for 400 years and wiped out any oral histories. The pre-Roman population was pretty big, the estimates range from one to three million, so there were loads of people, and they weren't cavemen who sat around saying ‘ug'. They were men and women like us – full of wit, passion, inquisitiveness, jealousy, anger, love and so on. So, throughout the long Iron Age, there must have been epic love affairs, huge wars, intrigues, trysts, adventures, disasters and more, all of which we know absolutely nothing about, which, for me, screams out an invitation for us to create stories to fill the void.
It was a massive joy to learn as much as I could about the period and then make up a world and people to fill it. Anyone else can walk up a hillfort and do the same (see point five for the best hillfort to do this on).
Iron
The best weapons for a fantasy hero to wield are ones that he or she can really wield. So that's swords, axes, maces and, greatest of all, hammers. And what's the best material to make these from? In the real world, where AGE OF IRON is set, ancient melee weaponry can be stone, bronze, iron or steel. Stone is thuggish. Bronze is effete and shiny. Steel is too clean and perfect. Iron, however, is earthy, tough and brutal with just a hint of brittle. If the four main ancient weapon materials were superheroes, stone would be the Hulk, bronze would be Spider-Man, steel would be Superman and Iron would be Batman. Some may disagree, but out of those four I'd always rather write a book, or read one for that matter, starring Batman. So it's a result that, during the Iron Age, weapons were made of Batman.
Fantasy Battle Cows
I've had a few scary moments in my 42 years. One was maybe 10,000 feet over Indonesia's Lombok Straight, when the cabin of the small, elderly plane filled with smoke. Another was getting lost SCUBA diving at night, underwater, in a cave, 600 miles from the coast of Australia. Just as scary as both of these was being chased by stampeding cattle across a field in Wiltshire. Up close, when they're running full tilt, your average modern farm based Hereford cow is massive, powerful, and, if you'll pardon the expression, fucking terrifying.
Roaming the forests of the British Iron Age were much bigger, wild cows called aurochs. They were 2m or 6ft 6in high at the shoulder and each weighed as much as a hippopotamus. Their horns, pointing forwards from an enormous head, were three feet long and as wide at the base as telegraph poles.
So if you're writing a reimagined, fantastical account of Caesar's invasions of Britain and you need something for your heroes to ride into battle against a battalion of war elephants . . . well hello, herd of armoured battle aurochs.
Magic
There are approximately two billion Christians in the world who believe that, in around 33AD, a chap called Jesus of Nazareth walked on water, fed five thousand with a small basket of food and brought another man, and himself, back from the dead. AGE OF IRON is set sixty years before Jesus was born, so it seems perfectly reasonable that a few British druids back then were able to perform similar feats of magic.
Visit the Set
One of my favourite books is WATERSHIP DOWN, and it pleases me greatly that you can go to the real world Watership Down and see where the book took place – the copse where Hazel founded the new warren, Nuthanger Farm, Efrafa and so on.
You can also visit the locations from AGE OF IRON. Best of these is Maidun Castle, which, in the real world, is called Maiden Castle (I really let my imagination go on that one). Maiden Castle is just south of Dorchester in Dorset and totally open to the public. Its walls and ditches are massive and imposing now, but in the Iron Age they would have been steeper and deeper, and, with the top-soil removed to reveal the chalk rock beneath, the whole thing would have been blinding white in the sunlight, and topped with a mighty spiked wooden wall.
Park in the handy car park, walk up through the labyrinthine western gate, look around the interior, walk a circuit of the walls, and, if you're anything like me, be totally blown away contemplating all that might have gone on in the hundreds of years that this humungous fortress, at least twenty times the size of any medieval castle, was stuffed full of men and women chatting, playing sports, arguing, fighting, repelling invaders and doing whatever else it was that they did.
A Tale of Two Hillforts
To sum up, it's difficult to see why you wouldn't set your novel in Iron Age Britain, and it's a surprise that so many great writers have missed the chance. Luckily AGE OF IRON is first in a trilogy, so once you've got your fix from that one there's plenty more to come.
James Burton Chicken Pickin 2
James Burton has had a very long, very amazing career. His chicken pickin' has completely changed the face of both country music and even been incorporated into rock and roll! We're going to look at a few of James Burton chicken pickin' licks from his work with, of all bands, the Monkees! But don't discount this stuff, JB absolutely kills this tune.
James Burton Chicken Pickin Lick 1
Our first James Burton Chicken Pickin' lick is a simple one, but a necessary one to have in your bag of tricks. We're in the key of A here. The 2nd is bent up to reach the 3rd of the chord, then comes back down the major pentatonic scale. Effective, even though it's a little simple!
James Burton Chicken Pickin Lick 2
The second lick from this Monkees tunes over a B minor chord. He starts with a pre-bend that is released to the 4th, then basically moves into the minor pentatonic this time with a chromatic note thrown in.
James Burton Chicken Pickin Lick 3
The final Monkees-James Burton Chicken Pickin' lick that we'll look at is a really great one. We're back in the key of A, and back to the major pentatonic scale. The first measure is in a slightly unorthodox fingering, but one that should be relatively comfortable-it's very similar to the E major pentatonic, but with a middle finger on the B string instead of the first finger. The rhythm may look a little scary at the end, but it can be played as “dit-dah, dit-dit-dah.” The lick happens towards the middle of the song, so listen through the tune. The second measure of this lick brings us back to the same position as the first lick.
When you're working on improvising, really in any style, it's a great idea to start making these licks your own. One way to do this is to sort of cut and paste a couple together. If you're wanting to emulate the James Burton chicken pickin' style, but don't want to copy his licks exactly, try putting lick 1 into the second bar of lick 3. Or, put lick 1 into the first bar of lick 3. Then try editing some of the rhythms. The key here is to get into the music and do it. You'll learn almost as much from doing things wrong as you will from someone telling you how to do it right. Just try to make the mistakes in the ‘shed instead of in front of an audience!
Bonus James Burton Chicken Pickin' Lick
Bonus time! Here' is a really fun lick from an Elvis Presley tune. James Burton played with Elvis for years and was THE key member of Elvis' band in the 70s. Sometimes Elvis' music after 1958 can get a little corny, but when JB is at the helm the band is absolutely rocking! This lick is in the key of A.
If you're into chicken pickin', make sure to do 2 things before you leave. Sign up for my newsletter – you'll get a FREE eBook, Chicken Pickin' 101, among other great downloads. Then make sure to check out my new Chicken Pickin' book for only $16.99! It has over 100 chicken pickin' licks organized by context, which is almost always the missing ingredient in solos! Supercharge your country guitar playing today and grab the book.
Related
Police tell Us Weekly that despite Amber Heard's claim in court filings Friday, May 27, that estranged husband Johnny Depp physically assaulted her on Saturday, May 21, they saw no evidence for a report when called to the couple's Los Angeles home.
“On May 21, police responded to a domestic incident radio call,” LAPD officer Jane Kim tells Us in a statement. “The person reporting did not insist on a report nor was there any evidence provided by the victim that warranted a report. Officers conducted an investigation and determined that a crime did not occur. The officers cleared the scene and left a business card.”
The LAPD also told NBC News that there is currently no criminal investigation.
Heard, 30, accused Depp, 52, in court filings of hurling a cellphone at her, bruising her right eye and shattering various objects in her apartment during an argument on Saturday.
The actress also alleged in her filing that the Oscar-nominated actor abused her throughout their relationship, according to The Associated Press. “I endured excessive emotional, verbal and physical abuse from Johnny, which has included angry, hostile, humiliating and threatening assaults to me whenever I questioned his authority or disagreed with him,” she wrote in the declaration.
She appeared to have a dark mark on her right cheek when she appeared in a Los Angeles courtroom on Friday, May 27.
“I live in fear that Johnny will return to [our house] unannounced to terrorize me, physically and emotionally,” Heard testified in court. The Danish Girl actress was granted a restraining order. The judge ordered the actor, who is currently in Portugal for a performance, to keep a distance of at least 100 yards from the actress and to move out of their downtown L.A. home, according to Reuters.
Heard had other requests in her filings, according to the news service, including $50,000 a month for spousal support.
According to the AP, Depp's lawyer, Laura Wasser, filed a counterargument Friday, alleging that the actress “is attempting to secure a premature financial resolution by alleging abuse.”
The actress filed for divorce on Monday, May 23, citing irreconcilable differences.
“Given the brevity of this marriage and the most recent and tragic loss of his mother, Johnny will not respond to any of the salacious false stories, gossip, misinformation and lies about his personal life,” his rep told Us in a statement on Thursday, May 26. “Hopefully, the dissolution of this short marriage will be resolved quickly.” (The actor's mom, Betty Sue Palmer, died May 20 at the age of 81.)
Heard and Depp were married in February 2015 after meeting on the set of The Rum Diary in 2009. Depp was previously in a long-term, 14-year relationship with French actress-singer Vanessa Paradis; the pair share two children, Lily-Rose, 17, and Jack, 14.
The next hearing is scheduled for June 17.
Us Weekly has reached out to both Heard and Depp's reps for comment.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Shalom Israel Asia Pacific (SIAP), a Christian pro-Israel organization based in Singapore, recently gave a donation to food-rescue organization Leket Israel to purchase a field where vegetables will be grown solely for the needy.
The 10-acre field in Binyamina, near Haifa, is one of the only fields in Israel where produce is grown specifically for charitable purposes. It's the only one that will include a greenhouse to grow staple vegetables such as tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers for distribution all year long.
“What makes the Binyamina initiative so unique is our ability to grow the most sought-after vegetables among Israeli society and to supply them to our 195 nonprofit partner agencies throughout the country. We are truly grateful for the substantial donation that made this dream become a reality,” said Joseph Gitler, Leket Israel's founder and chairman.
“Thanks to Leket, there are thousands who go to bed at night with a full stomach, and that is why we were motivated to create an entire farm to grow produce exclusively for the poor,” said Pastor George Annadorai, director of SIAP.
Leket rescues and distributes 15,000 tons of fruit and vegetables to the needy each year. The vast majority of this bounty is donated by more than 500 farms across Israel.
Gitler said the purpose of growing additional crops in Binyamina is to enrich the variety of produce Leket supplies, as well as to guarantee that even when donations might decrease, as before the fall holiday season, Leket will not have to cut back distribution. Crops such as sweet potatoes, corn, onions and beets will be raised in Binyamina.
In order to engage the public while also reducing expenditures, Leket recruits volunteers from Israel and abroad to assist in the planting and harvesting. For this newest field, members from agricultural youth movements in the Binyamina area are assisting on the farm as part of their regular activities.
As a national food bank, Leket Israel also rescues surplus non-perishable food from manufacturers in addition to fresh perishable food left over on farms, hotels, military bases and catering halls throughout Israel.
The rescued food is distributed by partner organizations to approximately 175,000 Israelis living below the poverty line. Leket Israel also offers nutritional education workshops and consultations through its partners.
1 of 7 View Captions
Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune House Speaker Greg Hughes, R-Draper, presents a resolution that urges the President of the Steve Griffin / The Salt Lake Tribune Garfield County Commissioner Leland Pollock talks with members of the Senate Business and Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Mary Benally spent a year of her childhood living on Butler Wash, a stretch of land about 20 Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune The Butler Wash, where Mary Benally spent a year of her childhood east of Comb Ridge in Bears Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Rock art in Monarch Cave, in the Butler Wash, near where Mary Benally spent a year of her chi Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Bears Ears National Monument, near Bluff, on Thursday, January 12, 2017. Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Mary Benally spent a year of her childhood living on Butler Wash, a stretch of land about 20
Volunteers check in patients to the free medical mission held by the SC Hospital and Dental Association on August 23, 2013 in North Charleston, South Carolina. More than 1,000 people showed up to receive free dental and medical care.
About a year ago, the husband-and-wife team of Anne Case and Angus Deaton published some alarming numbers: Unlike citizens of just about every other wealthy, advanced country, and most other American subgroups, middle-aged white Americans have not seen reductions in their mortality between 1999 and 2013, and had by many metrics been getting sicker and sicker.
It was a shocking finding that garnered numerous headlines, the sort of thing that just isn't supposed to happen in a rich, developed country, let alone the richest developed country. And it lent credence to what some public-health researchers and other societal observers had been saying for a while: The United States likes to view itself as a singular force of prosperity and opportunity, but by many public-health metrics — including infant mortality and preventable deaths and a variety of others — it doesn't look like a top-tier world power.
Yesterday, the National Center for Health Statistics released a report that should further puncture the myth of American superiority when it comes to health outcomes — and which should set alarm bells loudly clanging for anyone worried about how the country treats its most vulnerable residents. The report found that life expectancy in the United States dropped from 78.9 in 2014 to 78.8 in 2015, the first drop in life expectancy since 1993. (For men, the decline was from 76.5 to 76.3; for women, from 81.3 to 81.2.)
“I think we should be very concerned,” Case told Lenny Bernstein of the Washington Post. “This is singular. This doesn't happen.” When Case and Deaton released their finding, they argued that it was largely attributable to disturbing upticks in various forms of addiction — opioids, most importantly — as well as suicide. The new statistics get more granular, and they suggest the misery is well-dispersed: There were increases in just about every major cause of death between 2014 and 2015, and the death-rate increases centered on whites and black men — they remained flat for Latinos and for black women. People are dying for a lot of reasons, but drugs stand out as a particularly devastating part of the problem: In fact, one key to the racial divide may also come from numbers released yesterday, these from the CDC: For the first time ever, more people died from heroin overdoses than from gun homicides in 2015.
Whatever's going on, a lot of it has to do with opioid abuse — the government believes that those who illicitly take prescription opioids are far more likely than other people to try injecting heroin — and the opioid crisis has hit whites harder than blacks, partly for the depressing reason that doctors appear to be less likely to recognize and treat pain in black patients. These new stats reflect the massive amounts of despair strongly hinted at by Case and Deaton's work — after all, two of the areas that saw mortality increases between 2014 and 2015 were suicide and “unintentional injuries,” a category that includes overdoses.
So when those two findings are combined, it's hard to deny that something truly dire has ensnared a large chunk of the country. In a country as big, complicated, and diverse as the United States, that “something” is actually a great many things, but I would argue they can be broadly summed up by one idea: what I call the “one-bad-break test.”
The one-bad-break test states simply that you can tell a lot about a society by what happens when its economically vulnerable members encounter a majorly bad break. That bad break can be anything — an injury, the sudden need to take in and care for an ailing relative, an unexpected layoff — and the effects of a single bad break vary tremendously depending on who you are, where you live, and what resources you have access to. (Rich people hit bad breaks too, of course, but they generally have far more capacity to handle them than everyone else, so I'm restricting this discussion to those who lack those resources.)
In societies that function well, there are various safety nets in place to prevent a bad break from leading to a tailspin for particularly vulnerable victims. Compared to many other rich nations, the U.S. is not such a society — all too often, when vulnerable Americans encounter a bad break, there's nothing underneath them to stop their slide. Instead, devastation follows, sometimes in the form of bankruptcy and addiction and death.
For a particularly painful example of the one-bad-break test in action, take Inara Verzemnieks's wrenching New York Times story about “Life in Obamacare's Dead Zone” — that is, the Republican-controlled states that turned down the Obamacare-trigger Medicaid expansion after the Supreme Court ruled they had the right to do so in 2012 (19 states did so in total, and the illness and death toll of this missed opportunity to cover vulnerable populations is staggering to think about).
Verzemnieks focuses on Kansas, which was denied expanded Medicaid by its hard-right governor, Sam Brownback, who has also sought to cut back social safety-net programs in various ways. Here's what happened to one of her subjects, Janet Foy:
At 56, Foy was broke, jobless and living with her older sister in public housing in Kansas City, Mo. … Recently, she had been told by a manager at a Victoria's Secret that there was no need to leave her résumé. But not too long ago, she wanted me to know, she was pulling in $1,000 a week at a Merle Norman makeup store, helping other people look and feel their best. But then she took in her brother to try to help him overcome an addiction, and soon she was pulled under financially as he spiraled out of control. She would show up to work too overwhelmed and exhausted to make any sales, and had to dip into her savings until that was gone. She begged to borrow against her next paycheck but eventually lost her apartment and moved into a friend's spare room.
[…]
“I tried to get Obamacare,” Foy recalls. “I called the number, and when the woman told me what it would cost me, I just about dropped the phone. She told me I'd needed to make at least $12,000 a year for there to be any help to make it something I might be able to afford. Which still doesn't make a lot of sense to me, even now, that having no money meant I got no help when I really needed it.”
Foy's bad break was the direct result of her brother's bad break: addiction. This story would have turned out differently if her brother had had options for treating his addiction other than moving in with a sister who was in no position to offer him the help he needed. He lacked any such options, so he moved in with Janet instead, and shortly thereafter her life, too, was spiraling out of control. Sometimes, if you have a bad break and there isn't a net to catch you, you slide into a compassionate loved one, triggering a bad break of their own.
This is happening over and over and over throughout the country. Of course, it wouldn't be right to say things are getting worse everywhere, that every part of the U.S. fails the bad-break test as badly as Kansas does on health issues. Obamacare wasn't perfect, for example, but it did bring insurance to 20 million low-income people who lacked it previously — it saved some lives where it was allowed to. There are a lot of places where people are better able to weather medical bad breaks now than they were before the law passed.
So if we have an inflection point signaling that things really are getting worse, rather than at least chugging along stably, part of the mystery is why. A partial answer is that while Obamacare passed in 2009, the Great Recession hit in December of 2007. But layered atop both events is the nation's grim long-term economic reality for working people, which is that for a huge chunk of the country wages have been stagnant and economic opportunity constricting for a very long time. There are intimate connections between economic opportunity and psychological well-being, and between psychological well-being and potentially disastrous outcomes like addiction and suicide. Another finding just released yesterday? As The Wall Street Journal puts it, “Barely half of 30-year-olds earn more than their parents did at a similar age, a research team found, an enormous decline from the early 1970s when the incomes of nearly all offspring outpaced their parents. Even rapid economic growth won't do much to reverse the trend.”
We don't know how bad the United States' burgeoning mortality crisis is going to get. Russia provides a disturbing worst-case scenario. “Sometime in 1993, after several trips to Russia, I noticed something bizarre and disturbing: people kept dying,” wrote Masha Gessen in New York Review of Books in 2014. “I was used to losing friends to AIDS in the United States, but this was different. People in Russia were dying suddenly and violently, and their own friends and colleagues did not find these deaths shocking.” She went on to explain that “In the seventeen years between 1992 and 2009, the Russian population declined by almost seven million people, or nearly 5 percent — a rate of loss unheard of in Europe since World War II. Moreover, much of this appears to be caused by rising mortality,” with alcohol a prime culprit. This is what happens when the insides of a developed country begin to rot.
The United States isn't Russia. Probably. But wherever this trend goes, what we're seeing is the end result of decades of slow-burn economic decline and decay, with no end in sight. You can only make it hard for people to work and pay rent and buy necessities and live so long, you can only have them living right on the brink of bad-break ruin for so long, before there will be serious consequences. And we're seeing those serious consequences in every new set of shocking mortality statistics.
Thanks for protecting us, Van Allen Belts! Well, don't be too grateful just yet. The poles of Earth's magnetic field don't line up perfectly with its poles of rotation; they're actually tilted by 11 degrees. That means the Van Allen Belts are tilted too. This leads the inner donut-shaped mass of deadly high-energy particles to dip dangerously low to the Earth's surface—as close as 124 miles (200 kilometers) at some points over the South Atlantic and Brazil. That's well below the path of many satellites, which are forced to pass through the belt and get pummeled by protons. And we're talking pummeled: every square centimeter is hit 3,000 times per second. That abuse can cause all sorts of problems, from data glitches to electronic damage. As a result, engineers tell their satellites to power down as they pass through the anomaly in hopes that their data will be protected.
Is there something you're curious about? Email us at editors (at) curiosity.com. And follow Curiosity on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
File photo
The next shoot location of Finding Dory. Not.
Also, too much traffic outside. Might as well make another PPT.
Some vada paos won't hurt either.
Adjusting is our national hobby, anyway.
This is a joke. Okay? Thanks.
Because sources say, Spider-Man is a Mumbaikar too.
#MumbaiIn3Words City of Antilla. -- Ramesh Srivats (@rameshsrivats) November 12, 2014
Proof that God exists.
Mumbai has many names: Maximum City. The City That Never Sleeps. The City of Dreams. Mayanagri. The Economic Centre of India. The New York of India. Bombay. The list goes on; for to each Mumbaikar, the city means something unique.It is just as cruel as it is fast-paced, just as benevolent as it is cramped. There are slums behind skycrapers,outside glass cafes, Marine Drive outside AC cars, Juhu beach beside the houses of Bollywood stars. Mumbai is indeed a lot of things and three words would hardly seem enough to describe a place that's pulsating with a population of 13 million However, www.wearemumbai.co decided to begin a Twitter conversation with the hashtag #MumbaiInThreeWords and here are some of the entries that best describe this incredible city:
Kailyn Lowry's second baby daddy Javi Marroquin has treated her son Isaac like his own even after the divorce, but he won't do the same for Lowry's unborn child. In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, the Teen Mom 2 dad revealed he isn't going to be a father figure for Lowry's third child.
Marroquin has maintained a relationship with Lowry's son from a previous relationship with Jo Rivera after their divorce.
The exes have posted videos on Snapchat of Marroquin teaching Isaac, 7, how to ride a bike almost every day.
Although Marroquin admits their co-parenting relationship for son Lincoln, 3, is going “amazing,” he won't have a relationship with her third child.
PHOTOS: Javi's New Girl? Marroquin Reveals The Truth Behind Kissing Another Woman On Vacation
“No I won't have a relationship with the new baby,” Marroquin, 24, exclusively told Radar.
As Radar readers know, they divorced because Lowry didn't want to have another child. Only months after their divorce was finalized, Radar exclusively revealed she was pregnant with her third child.
The pregnancy came as a betrayal for Marroquin, as tension between the couple exploded when Lowry filed for a protection from abuse order against him when he allegedly showed up to her home aggressively.
“I signed a consent PFA, which means there's no evidence of abuse,” Marroquin told Radar at the time. “I just can't contact her unless it's in regards to Lincoln for a year.”
PHOTOS: Lovers' Quarrel! Kailyn's Gal Pal Has Meltdown While Lowry Parties With Other Women
Although Lowry and Marroquin have overcome their differences, the same can't be said for her third baby daddy.
“I think I'm most worried about the changes ahead, but also that I will have this baby 24/7 by myself with no help,” the MTV star wrote on her personal blog. “I'm going to be a single parent from the beginning!”
The MTV star recently confirmed to fans that her baby daddy #3 is her longtime friend, Chris Lopez.
Not only has Lowry nicknamed her bump “Baby Lo,” but she also said in an Instagram live video, “Chris would say, ‘I'm Holden the baby'” when a fan suggested the name Holden.
PHOTOS: Kailyn's Jealous Rage Over Javi's Steamy Bedroom Photos With New Girlfriend EXPOSED!
Are you surprised Marroquin doesn't want a relationship with the child? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Mumbai: India is evaluating an innovative model to allow foreign arms manufacturers to meet complex local sourcing obligations when striking a major deal with the world's sixth biggest military spender.
The defence ministry's idea is to float a venture capital (VC) fund that will infuse foreign funds into small defence firms in India.
Offsets are a provision in India's defence procurement procedure that requires any foreign arms manufacturer securing an order worth more than ₹ 2,000 crore to source components worth 30% of the value of the order from Indian makers.
The defence ministry's idea is that original equipment manufacturers or OEMs, such as Dassault Aviation SA of France and Lockheed Martin Corp. of the US, will have more channels available for the discharging of their offset obligations.
“With the intent of expanding the avenues for offset discharge, there is a thought process that OEMs could be allowed to discharge part of their offset obligations through investments in the ministry of defence approved VC funds which in turn would invest in micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in defence equipment manufacturing or research and development (R&D)," the defence ministry said in a note reviewed by Mint.
The VC fund will enable MSMEs to access funds to secure the technologies the country needs and thus contribute to the growth of Indian defence manufacturing and exports, so far crimped by a lack of access to funds.
Local manufacturing of defence equipment is an important part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India programme, but the country continues to import nearly 60% of its defence equipment.
Of late, Indian companies have shown interest in the defence equipment business and have applied for licences from the ministry of commerce to locally manufacture military equipment, including airplanes and warships.
India moved up one spot in the global rankings to reach the sixth position in 2015 for military spending, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, which monitors developments in military spending worldwide.
A senior executive with a large US defence manufacturer said that the company has received the note from the Indian defence ministry and that it is studying the concept, which it finds interesting.
The concept note said, “This is envisaged to be achieved by harmonising the subscription to the VC fund by vendors, investment by VC fund in MSMEs and performance of the eligible offset discharge activities by such MSME demonstrated by having credible linkages between them."
In the proposed mechanism, the vendors will have the flexibility to invest in any VC fund registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), which would in turn invest through equity into enterprises that are engaged in manufacturing eligible products or providing eligible services.
“However, only upon approval from the ministry of defence would the said fund be eligible to aggregate investment from vendors and deploy the entire amount in equity of Indian enterprises engaged in eligible products and services," it said.
There are two distinct sides to this proposal, said Ankur Gupta, vice-president, aerospace and defence at consultancy firm EY India.
“Offsets are meant to be a tool to leverage India's buying power; deepen and broaden the defence industrial base; help Indian companies become a part of the global supply chains and promote technology transfer. On the other hand, MSMEs traditionally are hard pressed for capital. In this (aerospace and defence) sector, where working capital cycles in steady state operations can stretch up to six months, performance bonds or bank guarantees are the norm, and domestic cost of capital is 14-16%, any help from an ‘investment' angle will serve as a shot in the arm for them," Gupta said.
“Whether the invested capital can address the most pressing requirements and the ‘original' objectives vis-a-vis offsets get diluted or encouraged remains to be seen. The impact will largely depend on how the OEM investments are channelled and managed by the designated authorities. Nonetheless, it is an innovative concept and one which will throw up some interesting results when and if implemented", added Gupta.
The concept note said that initially the vendors shall have an option of discharging up to 25% of their total offset obligations through the avenue of investment through VC fund.
It also has to be ensured that subscription to the VC fund generates directly corroborated realization of the stated objectives of the offset policy in a substantive manner, the note said.
A veteran Mendota Heights police officer has been suspended for inappropriately looking up driver's license data of current and former co-workers, city council members, a girlfriend and others.
Following a five-month internal affair investigation, Mike Shepard was suspended on Feb. 17 for 30 days without pay. He was accused of misusing state driver and vehicle services data and for insubordination for discussing the investigation with the city's mayor, according to city documents released to the Pioneer Press in response to a public records request.
Shepard, a Mendota Heights officer since 2006, could not be reached for comment Monday. The suspension runs until April 16.
The state's Driver and Vehicle Services database is accessible to law enforcement agencies and other government employees for limited official purposes. State and federal privacy laws govern law enforcement officers from misusing driver's license data, which includes information such as a person's home address, driving record, physical description and photo.
In recent years, several high-profile cases locally have cast light on the misuse of the information and led to federal lawsuits against state agencies and cities. Last month, St. Paul agreed pay $29,500 to settle a lawsuit brought by a Minneapolis police officer who accused St. Paul officers of snooping in her personal driver's license information.
LATEST TURMOIL FOR DEPARTMENT
Shepard's discipline is the latest turmoil for the Mendota Heights Police Department, which had other internal investigations of two of its officers in the past year and the December resignation of its longtime chief, Mike Aschenbrener.
Related Articles South St. Paul asks Dakota County to partner in studying possible takeover of city library
Man burned in Dakota County house explosion dies; he and woman who died were high school sweethearts
Boyfriend had 10 to 12 drinks before fatal Valentine's crash, Dakota County charges say
Does race matter? Join the discussion in Rosemount community conversation series
South St. Paul's Serbian Home — ‘the forgotten hall' — has a new owner with a new plan Shepard was put on paid leave Oct. 12, pending results of the internal investigation led by then-Capt. Kelly McCarthy. McCarthy has since become the department's police chief.
According to McCarthy's investigation report, Shepard ran the vehicle license plates of 12 people for nonbusiness reasons between June 1 and Oct. 11. People he searched information on included his girlfriend, City Administrator Mark McNeill, an unnamed local police chief and his wife who live in Mendota Heights, city council members and a female Mendota Heights firefighter.
“(Shepard) admitted to previously telling co-workers that he found the (firefighter) attractive,” McCarthy wrote in her report.
The report also concludes that Shepard accessed the driver's license photos of an acquaintance, as well as a “young female” who recently reported a theft and was identified in the report only by her initials, EDL.
“When asked, “(Shepard) could not provide a business purpose for accessing EDL's photo or for accessing (the firefighter's) data while her car was at her house,” the report reads.
OFFICER HAD BEEN WARNED
Shepard had been forewarned that inappropriate use of driver's data would result in disciplinary action. In 2009, an internal audit at the state Department of Public Safety notified then Chief Aschenbrener that Shepard had misused driver's data to look up two people. He has since completed training four times on accessing the state's Driver and Vehicle Services system.
McCarthy said Monday that although misuse of the driver's data is against the law, charges will not be pursued against Shepard because her internal affairs investigation did not begin with the misuse allegation.
“He was compelled to talk about it, so any statements he made during the investigation could not be used for criminal charges,” she said.
CRIMINAL CHARGES RARE
Charges against officers misusing driver's data is rare. The most well-known case locally was in 2014, when a former Minnesota Department of Natural Resources officer was sentenced in Ramsey County District Court to two years of probation for improperly accessing driver's license data on and off the job.
A 2013 report by the state Legislative Auditor's office found that more than half of Minnesota law enforcement personnel with access to driver's license data in fiscal year 2012 might have used the access inappropriately — looking up friends, family or even themselves. It recommended that agencies tighten access and better train officers.
McCarthy noted in her report that federal privacy laws governing driver's license data set minimum damages for abusing personal data at $2,500 per incident.
“Each time Officer Shepard accessed DVS data without a valid reason, he exposed the department to financial liability,” she wrote. “I believe there is no reasonable officer in 2016 who doesn't understand that inappropriate access of the DVS system is a major infraction.”
OFFICER DISCIPLINED IN PAST
Shepard has been disciplined by the department four times, according to his personnel file.
In 2011, Shepard received a four-day suspension for violating the department's harassment and discrimination policy stemming from his treatment of a female co-worker, McCarthy's report said.
In August 2011, he was suspended one day for insubordination.
Shepard has two written reprimands in his file — for disobeying an order and insubordination in January 2010, and for driving at excessive speed and “reflecting a poor image” of the department in September 2010.
Obesity, which has been sharply rising since the 1980s, is more ambiguous. The gap between obesity rates for high earners and low earners actually narrowed from 1990 to 2010, according to an analysis by the National Academy of Sciences. By 2010, about 37 percent of adults at the lower end of the income ladder were obese, compared with 31 percent at the higher end.
More recently, the prescription drug epidemic has ravaged poor white communities, a problem that experts said would most likely exacerbate the trend of widening disparities.
Limited access to health care accounts for surprisingly few premature deaths in America, researchers have found. So it is an open question whether President Obama's health care law — which has sharply reduced the number of Americans without health insurance since 2014 — will help ease the disparity.
At the heart of the disparity, said Elizabeth H. Bradley, a professor of public health at Yale, are economic and social inequities, “and those are things that high-tech medicine cannot fix.”
Life expectancy for the bottom 10 percent of male wage earners born in 1920 was 72.9, compared with 73.6 for those born in 1950, the Brookings researchers found. For the top 10 percent, life expectancy jumped to 87.2 from 79.1.
The growing longevity gap means that benefits like Social Security are paid out even more disproportionately to the better-off because they are around for more years to collect them. Last summer, the National Academy of Sciences convened a panel of experts to study the implications. It concluded that disparate life expectancies are making the country's biggest entitlement programs, like Social Security and Medicare, increasingly unfair to the poor and suggested officials consider policy changes to address the problem.
Poor health outcomes for low-income Americans have dragged the United States down to some of the lowest rankings of life expectancy among rich countries. The Social Security Administration found, for example, that life expectancy for the wealthiest American men at age 60 was just below the rates in Iceland and Japan, two countries where people live the longest. Americans in the bottom quarter of the wage scale, however, ranked much further down — one notch above Poland and the Czech Republic.
My mother used to say “It takes all types…” and left the rest of the sentence for the listener to fill in the rest (“to make the world go ‘round”).
A few years back, I was at a transgender conference along with about five hundred others whose gender identity doesn't match the one that was pinned on them when they were born. Five of us were seated at a table in the hotel lounge, sharing stories of our experiences.
One of the ladies told of how she was terrified one evening when her car broke down on a country road. She went on to say that she was relieved when an elderly man driving a pickup truck pulled over and offered to help. He was very courteous, expressed some concern about her being stranded, but said nothing about her ‘presentation,' although she was sure her male gender was obvious. He determined the problem with her car, got it running, and went on his way.
It was a nice story; however, it suffered from one blemish. In the course of telling it, she identified the man by using the ‘N-word' and said that she felt secure in the knowledge that she was safe because he ‘knew his place.' (It takes all types.)
Sometimes I'm reminded of my mother's axiom when I'm with other transpeople. In the thirty or so years since I've been ‘out,' I've met a lot of transfolk, and they weren't all people I'd usually choose to hang out with, regardless of how they ‘presented' themselves or with what gender they identified. Unity is a good thing, but it needs to be tempered with reality.
Simply put, there are homophobic transpeople, racist transpeople, anti-semitic transpeople, and even some who are Republican. This simply shows that transgender people are not one-dimensional. (It takes all types.)
A post-operative transwoman friend of mine bemoaned her transition because it meant she wouldn't be able to pursue one of her favorite hobbies, restoring sports cars. “It's not feminine,” she said. And even though it stirs the ire of feminists, she persisted in her belief, despite the fact that she worked for General Electric teaching mechanics how to service and repair dynamos. (It takes all types.)
Another transwoman I knew, when she announced to her boss that she was planning to transition, was told that if she showed up at work as a female she would be fired. Nonetheless, she went through with the procedure, including breast augmentation and sexual reassignment surgery. She then returned to work presenting as a male. She taped up her breasts and wore her male clothes. It didn't matter, she said, because she knew who she was. (It takes all types.)
Supporting the movement for equal rights for transgender folk is important, and coming together to work for that movement, regardless of what ‘type' we are, is absolutely necessary. But we don't need to agree with one another or even like one another. There's more to each of us than our gender identities. When the T becomes our be-all and end-all, we sacrifice everything else we can be. Before we go running into the arms of a ‘sister' or ‘brother' and embrace them solely because they share our genetic distinction, we ought to take some time to find out who they truly are.
A couple years after my first transgender conference, I was invited to speak at another one in another part of the country. After I arrived and checked in, I went to the hotel lounge to see if there was anyone else there I knew. Sure enough, my old friend Beverly from Vermont was there. With her was another transwoman who was emphatically trashing those present who didn't measure up to her notion of being transgender.
When Beverly left to go to a session, this woman made it clear that she didn't really belong at the conference. “She's just a crossdresser,” she said, then nodded toward another girl and muttered “She's not one of us.” (It takes all types.)
So it goes in just about every community that has been assigned a name and an identity. And for many, such designations cloud the ability to recognize people for who they really are. We should not be unwilling to recognize mendacity, regardless of how it's ‘dressed up.' If a guy is an a-hole and he puts on a dress, he is still an a-hole.
Just a few hours before Todd Howard and several members of Bethesda Game Studios' team walked onto the D.I.C.E. Awards stage to accept Fallout 4's Game of the Year honors, I sat down with Howard to discuss what comes next for the game – primarily the forthcoming DLC plans.
Howard also opened up a little more on the studio's plans for Survival mode, and the release time frame for mods on console and PC. He also provided a little more clarity on Bethesda Game Studios working on three projects simultaneously.
I don't think anyone thought of Bethesda Game Studios as a multi-game studio, and then you did Fallout Shelter and Fallout 4. Now you're saying you're stepping up the efforts to three games. What can you tell us about this switch?
We've always kind of overlapped stuff, but I guess we're doing more now than we ever have. [The projects] aren't all the same scale, but they are longer term. We're also doing DLC, and Fallout Shelter, creation kit, and mod stuff, updating the game – we've got a lot going on.
We got to the point with the studio in Montreal where we can start expanding. We thought that ‘Hey, these are things we talked about doing, so why not, let's start.'
I was in your studio 25 days before Fallout 4 released, and it was very much the calm before the storm. Talk me through the game's launch.
It was pretty amazing in retrospect. I think you lose a little perspective when making games, and you're happy that it got done. You hope that when it comes out, it's really good, and sells like crazy. That's what's in your head. One of the things that is amazing: Fallout 4 sold more day one digitally than at retail. That's a big change.
All of that Fallout energy when it came out, it was so much. That blur of finishing it excites us a lot. We have a really good platform with the Fallout platform, and now we say ‘What can we do with it?'
What was your big takeaway from the player feedback you were getting?
They played the game a lot. There is some ‘I played the main quest, I finished it, I'm done,' but there are so many people that play the game for so long. It's not just feeding them content; it's how do you make that better?
After finishing up The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you revealed your team did an internal game jam to generate new DLC ideas. Did you do that for Fallout 4?
We did. Survival mode came out of that. We had talked about doing robot stuff, and there was a bunch of that in there. We do that every game. We do that in the middle of development. So we did that in the middle of Fallout 4. When we finished what we call our vertical slice preproduction build – when you can actually play the game – we do one for a week then. That fuels features for the main game like jetpacks and a number of other things. And we do another at the end, which is focused on mining ideas for DLC. We kind of talk about stuff, but when we start to see it on screen, we say ‘That's really good. Here are the things we can do. What's going to be in an update? Hey these fit in a package.'
What are some of the most surprising and creative things you've seen from the community in regards to the settlements?
Giant, animated, inappropriate images. [laughs] The popularity of the workshop stuff; that fueled a lot of communication between players.
When I interviewed you prior to launch, you said there was one big thing you didn't put into the game, but you wouldn't tell me what it was. Is that something that is in the DLC now?
If it's the one that's in my head right now, it's too big for DLC. [laughs]
With all of the new projects in the works, is Fallout 4's DLC created by the internal team that made the core game?
Yes. We kind of split the team up. We're also expanding so that helps us. We have the team in Montreal; that helps too. It's the same group.
You announced three pieces of DLC recently. What can you tell us about this first wave of content?
The one thing we've found about DLC is that we've done all types at all price points and all sizes, and we've come to the realization that it all works. It all sells really well. We went into [Fallout 4] and decided to do all types at all price points. With this initial run, we want to have a little bit of everything.
The first one Automatron has a little quest line and this Pokémon-esque ‘kill robots, get their parts, build your own' [gameplay]. The robot building is really deep. It's great.
The Wasteland Workshop DLC is obviously for Workshop people. We wanted it to scratch that itch of ‘Can I build my own Thunderdome?' You can build your own arenas, capture animals, and also build other things.
A lot of people gravitate toward the larger ‘Okay, I'm going to a new landmass, it's somewhere new.' That's Far Harbor. That costs more, takes us longer, and there're more people on it.
In our previous DLC [offerings], we kind of did them one at a time and announced them that way, but because we were working on all of these three at one time, and fit a different niche, we thought ‘Let's announce them at the same time.'
You said you are going to beta test Survival Mode. How is that going to unfold?
That's going to be something different than we usually do. Survival mode has a lot of changes that can be pretty dramatic. Once we get it honed where it's working well enough, we're going to put it on Steam beta for a while. ‘Here it is. Start playing it. Give us feedback.' It's far easier to update and iterate on [PC]. Once we settle on it, then we'll release it for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. We want to get it up soon on Steam beta. It's not going to be months and months off. If it's not really working, and we need to iterate on it, it may stay in beta for a month, depending on what we are changing. But we want to make it have the game feel different. The bits we've done, and me recently playing it, it's absolutely some of the most fun I've had playing Fallout. I mean that honestly. It changes it in a good way for me, but it might not for everybody.
We're doing things like you can't save, it only saves your game when you sleep. You can't fast travel. There're alls of these diseases. We're trying it all. It's a different experience. We're not trying to make it a ton harder. It's harder because you're doing more things. We want the combat to feel different, as opposed to just being a bullet sponge.
When can we expect to see mods, especially on console side?
Our goal is between the first two DLCs. It'll go up at that time on PC. In April. All of that stuff will go up on PC. People are beta testing it. There'll be a lag on consoles. We want to get it up on PC and have it work. It'll probably be a good month before it hits Xbox One, and another month for PlayStation 4.
Workers assemble sneakers in the New Balance Athletic Shoe Inc. factory,… (Scott Eisen / Bloomberg )
Factory work expanded at its fastest pace in six months in December, continuing a growth trend that has lasted more than two years, according to a new report from the Institute of Supply Management.
The group's manufacturing index rose to 53.9 from 52.7 in November. Any reading above 50 represents improvement in the sector.
Manufacturers said production, new orders and employment were all swelling last month while inventories and prices of raw materials were down. Industries including food and beverage, computers and electronics, and paper and textiles saw action pick up.
A measure of employment found an uptick in jobs for the 27th straight month, jumping to 55.1 from 51.8. In December, 23% of manufacturing employers said they added workers, while 19% said they slashed staff.
In November, 22% of factories took on new employees while 21% cut.
ISM said that its data correspond to a 4.5% boost in real gross domestic product, suggesting that the overall economy grew for the 31st month in a row.
The federal government has appointed four new Court of Queen's Bench judges in Alberta, reducing the number of vacant seats from seven to three.
Alberta's new judges are:
Criminal defence lawyer Willie deWit will serve in Calgary.
Calgary litigator Michele Hollins will serve in Calgary.
Provincial Court judge Marilyn Slawinsky has been elevated to the higher court in Red Deer.
Lawyer Ritu Khullar will serve in Edmonton.
"We all go through different stages in life," said deWit.
"I've been practicing law for 22 years and was looking for a different thing and this seems like a logical choice and I was fortunate enough to be able to get it."
Justice Kristine Eidsvik made the announcement Friday morning in criminal appearance court.
Shortages and delays
The appointments come as Alberta deals with widespread shortages in the justice system.
Alberta has been struggling to deal with a backlog of cases, which was made worse after the Supreme Court decision in the Barrett Jordan case that declared the courts must set deadlines for when matters should go to trial.
Court of Queen's Bench case trials must now be concluded within 30 months, and provincial court matters within 18 months, with an extension to 30 months if the case includes a preliminary inquiry.​
"We hadn't seen an increase in the number of federally appointed justices since 1996, so obviously we've had significant population increase since then, about 1.4 million people, so this will make a huge difference in the lives of people going through the court system," said Justice Minister and Solicitor General Kathleen Ganley.
In addition to the four appointments announced on Friday, the federal budget announced the creation of 12 new positions on the court.
16 former EU Commissioners still receive sizeable annual allowances meant to prevent them from going into well-paid corporate jobs despite having left office two years ago, German media reports. All of them are now top executives in industry or at lobbying firms.
The 16 former members of the European Commission led by Jose Manuel Barroso until 2014 still get so-called “transition payments” of up to €99,996 ($110,000) per annum, according to Die Zeit newspaper which managed to obtain a list with the officials' names from Brussels.
‘Transition payments' are meant to prevent outgoing top-tier EU officials from changing into corporate jobs offering generous compensations as well as switching sides immediately after leaving office. The scheme allows them “to cool off,” as it is called in Brussels, the newspaper said.
Read more
Brussels authorities had long refused to forward the list to Die Zeit and only agreed to do so when the newspaper filed a complaint to the European Court of Justice.
The list includes, among others, former Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht of Belgium, who, according Die Zeit estimates, is entitled to almost €125,000 ($139,000) a year. Connie Hedegaard of Denmark, the former EU commissioner for Climate Action, is being paid twice that amount.
Romania's Prime Minister Dacian Ciolos and member of the European Parliament Janusz Lewandowski, once Commissioners for Agriculture and Home Affairs, are also mentioned in the list.
The measure – or the amount of payments as such – did not seem to be working as most of the officials in question took high-profile executive jobs despite reimbursements from Brussels.
De Gucht is currently on the supervisory boards of steel giant ArcelorMittal and telecommunication company Proximus, while Hedegaard is a member of the supervisory board at energy company Danfoss, along with Ferdinando Nelli Feroci, who served as stand-in Commissioner for about four months in 2014, according to Politico which has also accessed the list.
The revelation comes just days after an ethics panel has cleared the former European Commission President Barroso of violating the EU integrity code for moving to a top position at Goldman Sachs.
Read more
Barroso's appointment as a chairman and senior adviser to the international arm at the Wall Street bank Sachs has triggered an angry reaction in Brussels, with some EU officials demanding sanctions.
“These shameful revolving doors between politics and business foster doubts on the integrity of democratic politics,” European Parliament member Sven Giegold was cited by Politico.eu as saying. “Barroso's quick change-over damages the reputation of the European Commission,” he added.
The EU affairs correspondent Jean Quatremer wrote for the French daily Liberation that “Barroso has given Europe the finger.”
The inquiry, driven by a popular petition which accumulated 150,000 signatures, did not reach a conclusion on whether Barroso's move had inflicted damage to the EU's reputation.
“Goldman Sachs may be considered at the vanguard of aggressive capitalism but as long as it respects the rule of law, it is in itself not against the law to accept a position at the bank,” the panel said in a report, adding however that former commissioners had a right to work in the corporate sector.
Azur Lane CN Decensor Kinji-niisama Oct 12th, 2017 ( edited ) 8,218 Never 8,218Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.16 KB Azur Lane CN Decensor Instructions by Kinji Disclaimer: The files in this decensor are not created by me, but by a Chinese community user. By using this patch, you are deliberately modifying the game directory. While players who used the decensor patch were not banned in the previous banhammer and the developers are not likely to ban players using this, please understand that this patch is not 100% safe and we do not take any responsibility in the event of any suspension of gameplay. Android only. AF可能缺少淡水 Patch Latest decensor archive link is here: http://wiki.joyme.com/blhx/%E7%A2%A7%E8%93%9D%E8%88%AA%E7%BA%BFAF%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E7%BC%BA%E5%B0%91%E6%B7%A1%E6%B0%B4 *The link is bold and you should be able to locate it without knowing Chinese. 1. Make sure your client is updated to the latest version and all game files are downloaded 2. Download zip file 3. Unpack zip file 4. Navigate to /Android/data/com.bilibili.azurlane/files/AssetBundles 5. Copy the files from the char folder in the zip to AssetBundles/char 6. Repeat step 4 for AssetBundles/painting and AssetBundles/shipyardicon 7. Login and check if your decensor worked, pervert.
RAW Paste Data
Azur Lane CN Decensor Instructions by Kinji Disclaimer: The files in this decensor are not created by me, but by a Chinese community user. By using this patch, you are deliberately modifying the game directory. While players who used the decensor patch were not banned in the previous banhammer and the developers are not likely to ban players using this, please understand that this patch is not 100% safe and we do not take any responsibility in the event of any suspension of gameplay. Android only. AF可能缺少淡水 Patch Latest decensor archive link is here: http://wiki.joyme.com/blhx/%E7%A2%A7%E8%93%9D%E8%88%AA%E7%BA%BFAF%E5%8F%AF%E8%83%BD%E7%BC%BA%E5%B0%91%E6%B7%A1%E6%B0%B4 *The link is bold and you should be able to locate it without knowing Chinese. 1. Make sure your client is updated to the latest version and all game files are downloaded 2. Download zip file 3. Unpack zip file 4. Navigate to /Android/data/com.bilibili.azurlane/files/AssetBundles 5. Copy the files from the char folder in the zip to AssetBundles/char 6. Repeat step 4 for AssetBundles/painting and AssetBundles/shipyardicon 7. Login and check if your decensor worked, pervert.
There is this thing I mutter around my house, probably at least three times a week, usually upstairs, usually in relation to the bathroom late at night. It goes like this: “Light switches work in both directions, people.”
And that — I wouldn't call it an “obsession,” but it is at least an “interest” in having the lights also get turned off — apparently puts me right at the epicenter of what I'll call the new dad culture.
Exhibit A for a new interpretation of fatherhood is the book “Dad Magazine,” a new magazine-format parody that shows dads bulk shopping, home brewing, wearing skintight cycling clothing and complaining about overly sensitive smoke detectors, among other quirks.
I have been a dad now for almost 18 years (“that I know of,” goes the almost inevitable, half-corny, half-uncomfortable dad joke that I wish I had the willpower to spare you). And I have done all of those things, or, in the case of home brewing, own two versions (!) of the kit to do it but haven't gotten around to it yet.
Being hung up on turning lights off is another of the dad markers that has been identified by Matt Lubchansky, who wrote the book along with his wife, Jaya Saxena, based on a series of Dad Magazine covers they've done for the humor site The Toast.
MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR
“One I always remember, although it got cut from the book,” Lubchansky said, “is someone emailed us a story about how their dad had in the garage a box labeled, ‘String too short to use.' It's archetypal about what's funny about this. Everyone's dad has a box of string.”
“Every dad is different,” Saxena added. “Every dad has their own thing. But every dad has a thing they're sort of obsessive and weird about and really enthusiastic about in this really earnest way.”
And that is the new portrait of dads that is emerging in their work, in dad-centric Twitter feeds, and even, to a degree, in more serious-minded efforts such as Hanna Rosin's “The End of Men.”
We male parents are now, it turns out, eccentric, well-meaning, a little detached but ultimately kind of charming putterers in workshops and takers up of hobbies.
This is a big improvement on the old portrait of dads. We used to bumble about in sitcoms, screwing things up so that our competent wives could come along and clean up the mess, whether it be emotional or literal. Those wives were, typically, about four degrees more attractive than us, an 8, say, to our 4-on-the-verge-of-becoming-a-3. And yet we rarely showed any progress, any likelihood of becoming a little less clueless, a little more grateful.
Lubchansky offers what might be called the Parable of the Red-Tailed Hawk.
“We weirdly both come from families where a lot of people are into birding,” he said. He was driving with his father recently and heard, “‘Did you see that red-tailed hawk?' We were in the car for five minutes before he found a red-tailed hawk. I'm 30, and I've never once seen the hawk that he's pointed out.”
And yet, he added, “The veracity of his claim is not in doubt.” (If it were, noted Saxena, “it would turn into a much darker thing.”)
All of this, it should be said, sidesteps the very real problems of abusive, absentee or other bad dads. “Deadbeat Dad” would simply not be a very funny book parody to be releasing just in time for Father's Day.
But at least for people who've been fortunate in the father lottery, this new take is coming about in large part because fatherhood is changing. Studies show fathers being closer with their kids and spending much more time with them than they used to. To put that in terms of 1970s pop classics, what used to be “The Cat's in the Cradle” is now much more “Danny's Song.”
(Indeed, my own two sons have on occasion sung “The Cat's in the Cradle” to me when I haven't been able to make it to an event of theirs. We'll see how it all works out in therapy, but I think that means I've mostly been there.)
Beyond the cultural shift in male roles, the “Dad Magazine” authors think the Internet's lack of barriers to publication has given people more of an outlet for trading stories about their fathers. The age cohort that overshares on the Web is also the one that's starting to see Mom and Dad less than parents, more than individual people.
Also as people get older, said Saxena, who is 29, “Millennials hit a certain age, you realize, This could happen to me. People realize they have their dadlike qualities as well. You become a lot more sympathetic.”
For her, the lesson was musical: “My dad's a musician,” she said. “All the Steely Dan jokes in the book are literally because my dad loves Steely Dan. Steely Dan has never resonated with me. But then I would not shut up about the death of Prince. I realized, ‘Oh, yeah, this is my Steely Dan.' ”
There can even be a certain admiration to seeing dads in their socks and new sandals, more excited about having bought them over the Internet and being able to slip them on without undoing the buckles than concerned about their kids' opinion of the shoes as fashion.
“In your 20s you're just chasing trying to be cool,” she said. “There's something really appealing about not giving a (care).”
They don't have kids of their own. “As experts, ethically it would be wrong for us to have children at this point,” Lubchansky said.
But they've enjoyed watching their friends undergoing what Saxena calls “the daddening.”
“One article in the book, the headline came verbatim from a friend. He was 25 and his wife was pregnant,” she said. “We're over, and we just hear him scream from the kitchen, ‘These smoke detectors are too damn sensitive, if you ask me.' ”
And then he probably looked around for a light or two that didn't need to be on.
sajohnson@tribpub.com
Twitter @StevenKJohnson
RELATED STORIES:
Writer Bill Zehme back from 'very dark place' in fight with cancer
Robbie Fulks enters new emotional territory on 'Upland Stories'
'Animal selfies' in Amazon rainforest captured by Field Museum cameras
Check out the latest movie reviews from Michael Phillips and the Chicago Tribune.
This is the only way I can get time off. I have to kill myself to get time off.
—CM Punk
Ten months ago, CM Punk left WWE. It was the biggest pro wrestling story line of the year, and it wasn't even mentioned onscreen until two months after his departure, when WWE was in Punk's hometown of Chicago. Even then, it was only brought up to defuse the inevitable pro-Punk chants. Since then, rumors have swirled about the reasons for his walkout. Last week, on Thanksgiving, Punk appeared on his friend Colt Cabana's Art of Wrestling podcast to finally tell his side of the story. The YouTube video of the podcast already has more than 950,000 views. That's more than the number of people who subscribe to WWE Network. It's kind of a big deal. Little wonder Punk thinks he's making more of a difference at home on his couch than he ever could have made inside WWE.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxHRJnZsinQ
Over the course of the podcast, Punk lists a series of issues — medical negligence, pay disputes, creative differences — that led to him leaving the company. Punk tells a lively story of distrust and exploitation that should call into question any fan's devotion to WWE in the same way that the Dave Duerson or Jonathan Martin or Ray Rice stories rocked fans' fidelity to the NFL. “There's a lot of assumption out there from people: I was disgruntled with my story lines, I was banged up, I was mad that I wasn't the main event of WrestleMania, I was mad that I was wrestling Triple H. There's an element of truth in all of those things, but I can't say there was one big thing that led to my decision.”
“Actually,” he immediately corrects himself, “the big thing that led to my decision was my health.”
Whether or not that was the case, Punk's health was this interview's real pipebomb — if you'll forgive me for using a term Punk now claims to despise. Set aside his gripes about missed promotional opportunities: He couldn't put sponsors on his tights; he couldn't escort his buddy Chael Sonnen to the octagon at a UFC show; he lost the lead in 12 Rounds 2. Set aside putting up with Internet fans who call him a “quieter” (sic) and feel entitled to answers about why he left. Set aside his distaste with WWE's regular demands for him to lose to part-time talent (“I've gotta put over the Rock and he goes away; I've gotta put over Taker and he goes away; and now I'm putting over Brock and he goes away. My stock is dropping rapidly in the eyes of the casual viewer, who is who they care about.”) Hell, even set aside his lousy relationship with Triple H, with whom he claims there were “never any good vibes.”
The real issue was his health, and by inference the health of every WWE “superstar.” Punk's litany of charges is ghastly and borderline unconscionable, even if, as WWE chairman Vince McMahon noted Monday night on Steve Austin's podcast, “there are two sides to every story.” Punk's account boils down to the following eyebrow-raising claims:
That he frequently worked through injury, like when he “tore up” his knee against John Cena at Night of Champions 2012; when his elbow “locked up at like a 45-degree angle” and he did physical therapy to keep wrestling every night; when some newbie wrestlers gouged his eyes immediately after laser eye surgery; or when he strained his ACL, tore his MCL, meniscus, and PCL, and bruised his patella in the WrestleMania match against the Undertaker, which led to the quote atop this piece.
That he was called back into action just weeks after surgeries. After one elbow surgery, he received a call from McMahon on Punk's way home, when he was still anesthetized, and was told it had been announced that Punk would be in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match on Raw in two and a half weeks. His expected recovery time was four to six weeks.
That he was subjected to working with Ryback, a novice and determinedly unsafe opponent who comes out of this interview looking worse than anybody but the WWE doctor. During his matches with Ryback, his ribs were broken by a kick, according to Punk. He also described a match that included a misplaced slam through a table, wherein Ryback “fucking misses the table, dumps me on the concrete fucking ground, tilts me on my pelvis, fucks me up for weeks.”
That, perhaps most galling, he was treated dismissively by WWE's in-house doctor (who goes unnamed throughout the podcast) when Punk had a staph infection that later became a potentially lethal case of MRSA. (Punk said he was prescribed Z-Pak to the point that he shit himself on television.)
That the WWE doctor didn't adequately respond to concussions and allowed Punk to wrestle with a concussion while on a European tour, as well as to perform in the 2014 Royal Rumble while concussed.
There are counterarguments for nearly all of Punk's accusations: Why didn't he refuse to work when he was injured or felt unsafe? Why didn't he have a personal doctor? But the overall effect of listening to him recount his experience is devastating. It should be arresting to WWE fans and to WWE shareholders. It's time to question how WWE conducts business when one of its biggest stars says that post-concussion syndrome had him “on all fours after every match and I'm either puking for real or I'm just dry heaving because I don't have anything in my stomach. I have no appetite. I don't know what is up and what is down. I can't sleep. I can't fucking train.”
WWE has been good about creating concussion protocols and publicizing them, but as Punk's Rumble experience shows, pro wrestling isn't easily ruled by codes. You can't enumerate the protocols without also stating what should happen if somebody gets concussed during an important match. As Punk recounts: “I roll under the fucking corner and I motion to Doc, I go ‘I have a concussion.' And he was like ‘what do you want me to do?' And I just started laughing and I was just like ‘Doctor, you are one of the most worthless pieces of shit I have ever met in my entire life.'”
It seems the doctor (or someone) did alert people backstage, since WWE sent Kane out sooner than expected to eliminate Punk — though it also had Kane choke-slam Punk through a table to achieve that result.
On this point, though, Punk's statements deserve closer attention. He makes the logical connection to the NFL, though he seems to overstate the impact on the NFL, as well as the NFLPA's success in getting meaningful concessions from the league.
WWE doesn't do anything to protect the wrestlers; they do things to protect themselves. That sounds really harsh and I stated earlier I don't want to come off as like ‘bash WWE' but they don't let everybody know that they're doing all these fantastic things for concussions for the boys. They do it so it looks good on them in the public. The NFL is getting fucked in the ass because there is a union for the football players and the union is saying, “You need to pay these guys this much money for medical, for past injuries, whatever.” And the NFL is doing it. The NFL is paying out the ass and Vince doesn't want to do that so they put all these things in place like “Oh, look, we're doing all this, we're doing all that.”
First of all, of course the WWE's concussion policy is driven by PR concerns. McMahon admitted this when he was asked by a congressional committee why he's giving out free rehab to former employees: “Two words. Public relations.” And what's more, that's exactly why the NFL is doing it too. The NFLPA didn't clamor for concussion protocols; the public did, and the NFL rushed them into effect to stem the tide of public outrage. What's more, the NFL is paying a settlement because of a class-action lawsuit filed by former players. The NFLPA is uninvolved, except that it's now the target of a similar suit.
If Punk wants to throw his weight behind a pro wrestlers union, then good for him. If he wants to support a lawsuit to win benefits for ex-wrestlers with brain trauma, then one of those exists, too. The problem isn't that nobody knows about these issues, the problem is an industry built on the ethos that Punk himself espouses in the interview: “What would Harley Race do?”
♦♦♦
After Punk's WrestleMania 29 match against Undertaker, he took an extended leave to heal up. “I discovered fucking life,” he said. “And I started looking at my bank account and being like, ‘All right, this is fucking ridiculous. I don't need to do this anymore. I'll go work at Starbucks. They'll probably actually give me insurance.'” Which is true.
Pro wrestlers are independent contractors because of tradition, but in the modern era the designation is sometimes closer to indentured servitude. They have to provide their own health insurance. They accept the contracts they're offered because there's almost nowhere else to work, and they're prohibited from doing any work outside of WWE or accepting sponsorships without WWE's express permission. They get paid according to an arcane system of base salary plus merchandise royalties plus pay-per-view bonuses; the last two categories are heavily influenced by the mercurial whims of WWE matchmaking, and since WWE Network came into existence and subscribers have been allowed to watch PPVs at no additional charge, the bonuses have largely dried up.
Despite all of this hardship, Punk seems most concerned that he never headlined WrestleMania — “I say it probably 85 percent of the time: I failed at wrestling. I failed at my goal of the main event of WrestleMania.” It's the Harley Race ethos. When Race was inducted into the WCW Hall of Fame, legendary announcer Gordon Solie said there were two words that could sum him up: “pure dedication.” It's that dedication that makes a wrestler an all-time great, but it also makes the business impervious to change.
On his last day in WWE, still reeling from the concussion he had suffered in the Rumble, Punk was asked to take the concussion test and a urine test. “I flew off the handle at that,” he said. “I was like, ‘Right now, me, right now, in Cleveland, Ohio, take fucking care of me right fucking now. Don't worry about where I'm supposed to be tomorrow. Don't worry about what segment I'm supposed to be. Fucking fix me. My fucking ribs are broken, my knee is fucking torn up, I'm fucking sick. Fucking help me.'”
On Monday night, McMahon apologized for sending Punk his termination papers on his wedding day (that happened) and said he hoped they'd get back together someday. At one point, when Austin was comparing Punk and himself, he said, “I worked my ass off.” “So did Punk,” answered McMahon. When Punk turned heel to feud with the Rock, even though it meant cutting his royalty checks in half, McMahon said, “I owe you one.” When Punk rushed back from surgery to wrestle Brock at SummerSlam, McMahon said, “I owe you one.” When Punk rushed back from surgery to face Ryback in the TLC match, McMahon said, “I owe you one.” Punk kept waiting to cash in, and eventually he walked away.
WWE is getting dogged this week, and justifiably so. Many fans who were incensed at Punk for walking out are back on his side. And yet, as incredible as it is to hear a modern star give voice to the trials that so many wrestlers go through, it's impossible not to wonder if he could have done more to prevent the same things from happening to other wrestlers. What would have happened if he had done this podcast while he was still a WWE superstar? For all of Punk's insistence that leaving really meant something (because his departure elevated Daniel Bryan into the main event), you can't organize a union as a former employee. Which is why it's hard to think he cares too much when he says, “I would like to see them get some sort of union for the boys and girls; that way I know they're serious about protecting them from concussions and other things.” I'm sure he does want those things, but when Punk left, he was leaving for himself.
And he should have. After everything he'd been through, if he was ready to go, I'm happy he found his way out. And who knows — maybe Punk's podcast will elevate the subject to a level that will force WWE to respond. But judging from McMahon's reaction Monday night, it seems unlikely.
When Punk wanted to put ads on his shorts and McMahon said no, Punk said he decided “it wasn't [his] hill to die on, so [he] let it go.” When Punk wanted Chris Hero in the Shield (that was Punk's idea too) and McMahon said no, Punk backed down because “it wasn't [his] hill to die on.” Maybe this isn't either. It's his life to live, and lord knows he's lived through plenty. But if the industry's going to change, if future wrestlers aren't going to have to kill themselves to get time off, somebody's going to die on this hill.
There is a song for the 50th anniversary of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), a commemorative stamp for the occasion, and a Filipino pop singer proudly announcing that he is "Filipino, proudly Asean".
No less than Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte can be seen on video, sounding like he is a some kind of tourism marketer: "In 2017, we, the Filipinos, are proud to welcome you to 7,107 islands of beauty, wonder and fun that will make a year of memories lasts a lifetime. Mabuhay ang [long live] Asean!"
The Philippines is pulling out all the stops in its chairmanship of Asean in 2017, packaging it as something of a fiesta. But few in this country of 103 million people -- Asean's second most populous country -- really know what the fuss is all about or how Asean figures in their lives.
The year 2017 brings with it more than the usual pegs for public attention -- it is Asean's 50th year and the Philippines chairs it under a new government that has created foreign-policy ripples not seen in Southeast Asia for some time.
But many are a bit lost about Asean. "Japan, the Philippines, South Korea," Jhoanna Gonzaga, a 26-year-old registered nurse, said when asked to name Asean members. She had "no idea" about Asean summits to be held in the country, she added.
Some Filipino diplomats say the Philippines, located away from the Southeast Asian mainland, has the least awareness about Asean. News editors rue that many journalists do not have a deep enough handle to cover Asean issues this year, including the two summits and other ministerial meetings and retreats -- not to mention the nuances around issues that have been simmering in Asean for decades.
"It all boils down to the elements of a news story: proximity. Or the lack of it. Geographically, Filipinos are far from the rest of Asean," said editor Luz Rimban of Vera Files, a Philippine-based news site, "but it's also like chicken and egg. Our audiences are hardly exposed to other Asean countries and aren't interested, unless they get to travel, which is a pull factor. And they aren't exposed because Asean stories aren't included in the menu of news stories."
In sum, Asean is not quite in the Filipino worldview. Southeast Asia may not be as naturally part of the Filipino psyche as it is for Asean countries that share land borders or are a one-hour flight away from each other. Yet ironically, the Philippines is also one of the most globalised nations on earth, with well over 10 million nationals working in more than 120 countries.
LOOKING WEST?
It has been said that the Philippines feels different from the rest of Asean in terms of political culture, or that its archipelagic nature makes it insular, if not parochial. Some quip that it seems like a part of Latin America -- not least due to its Spanish colonial past -- that happened to move eastwards on the map.
"But no, the Philippines is not so much insular as it is oriented more westward. The lack of appreciation of Asean goes both ways. On the one hand, among citizens, there is less affinity with our regional neighbours than there is with far away North America and Europe. On the other hand, the government itself has not really looked to Asean as a unique platform, given that what it commits to it also makes available to everyone else," explained Jenina Joy Chavez of the Manila-based Action for Economic Reforms, who has worked in civil society engagement with Asean.
The Philippines' chairmanship calls attention to its identity as an Asean member, and how it can use this and the group's 50th year to 'sell' Asean and regional integration to the public -- beyond the jingles.
DOING ITS OWN THING
The Philippines has a reputation for being willing to "do its own thing" in Asean.
Former President Corazon Aquino had publicly called for the release of dissident Aung San Suu Kyi, now Myanmar's de factor leader, even when her colleagues did not. Mr Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino, broke from the Asean way by going to court in The Hague in 2013 against China's building of permanent structures in the South China Sea and the blocking of access to shoals that its fishermen used.
In late 2016, Mr Duterte stuck more closely to Asean's stated approach of dealing bilaterally between claimants in the South China Sea while a multilateral approach remains on the back burner. His overtures to China after the Permanent Court of Arbitration's favourable verdict for the Philippines in July 2016 eased regional tensions with Beijing, and he delivered the domestic goods, by getting Filipino fishermen back into Scarborough Shoal.
But this also pulled the rug from countries like Vietnam, which was hoping to ride on the benefits of The Hague verdict to keep China in check.
It remains to be seen whether Mr Duterte's newfound closeness with China will give Manila more clout in pushing the snail-paced progression of the non-binding 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea into a framework for implementing the still-to-be-done Code of Conduct. This code, should it ever come around, would be legally binding.
The Philippines also has a reputation of being a promoter of human rights, political openness and willingness to engage with civil society, which is far from natural for some Asean states. Ironically, however, the Philippines is now the subject of criticism for rights issues in its anti-drug campaign that has killed about 7,000 people.
MIGRANTS' RIGHTS AS AN ASEAN DIVIDEND
The world's largest exporter of human labour, the Philippines takes up the cudgels for migrant workers' rights, a politically sensitive matter for Asean that comprises both labour-sending and labour-receiving countries. As Asean chair, the Philippines is pushing for progress this year on the implementation of such rights -- a full decade after the Asean Declaration on the Protection and Promotion of the Rights of Migrant Workers was issued the last time the Philippines was Asean chair in 2007.
Globally, Manila pushed for accession of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention on the protection of migrants and their families' rights, but turning the much more limited Asean version into a legal instrument beyond a declaration may be tougher given reservations by countries like Malaysia and Singapore.
How much consensus Manila can build around a legal instrument on migrants' rights remains to be seen, as well as how much leeway it will have as a courtesy to an incumbent Asean chair. Though it will not be earth-shaking, an instrument on migrants' rights would touch on a gut issue that Filipinos -- and the huge migrant constituency -- can see as a clear dividend from Asean Community membership.
Asean is seen as distant and amorphous because of missing links like this. "Unfortunately, the one thing that could alleviate this, the migration protection instrument is being held up because member states are not yet ready to harmonise labour and migrant rights," Ms Chavez of the Action for Economic Reforms pointed out.
So where is Asean in the Filipino mindset?
"Yes, we are an Asean race," said Anna Moran, a journalist. "But most Filipinos have believed and still continue to believe that if we are to end up in any trouble, the US will be there for us. Most Filipinos view Asean as a group of countries that is perhaps more 'social' than anything else. So it is more of the need to be friendly with our neighbours because of our geographical proximity -- but not because we could actually be a force to be reckoned with if we are united as one."
The McLaren driver, who was unable to run in first Friday practice after another engine failure, had his best qualifying performance since last year's Hungarian Grand Prix, finishing as 'best of the rest' behind Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull.
Alonso had outqualified teammate Stoffel Vandoorne by half a second in Q1, the Belgian finishing down in 19th place.
Although the Spaniard - who will race in the Indianapolis 500 this month - insisted the goal was to score points on Sunday, he said qualifying had been "beautiful".
"Maybe on the oval I learned how to go quick on the straights as well," Alonso joked. "It was a good qualifying for us and P7 is a gift, so we'll see what we can do tomorrow."
He added: "As I said yesterday, sometimes the weekends start the wrong way but then they fix themselves, and vice versa. The important thing is tomorrow, to try to get a few points.
"But today was a beautiful day, a beautiful qualifying in which we were finding tenth after tenth. Then surprisingly we made it into Q3, and we had another very good lap."
Alonso conceded qualifying seventh was a bit of a surprise, but said he expected McLaren to be stronger despite a torrid start to the weekend.
"Yesterday was not a normal session," he added. "We had the problem in the first session and then in the second the car was half ready. But I said we would be a bit more competitive today.
"It was better than expected but the support from the people gives you a few extra tenths."
The two-time champion is now hoping for a trouble-free race after three consecutive retirements.
He said: "In the end you never know when you are going to have a problem. We've had too many this year and some have come as a surprise, so let's hope tomorrow is not that day and that we can grab a few points."
A friend went shopping in Westchester today and picked up the local paper, the Rivertown Enterprise. “There's a big fat 1-page ad from Greenburgh Hebrew Center supporting Israel. Not one token word about the Gazans. That's honest, at least,” he wrote to me.
Here's a link to the relevant webpage at the conservative congregation's blog. Notice the inextricable ties to Israel and Palestinian bombs aimed at hospitals, schools, etc.
Support Israel by donating to GHC's Israel Bonds Fund–Operation Protective Edge From Binyamin Netanyahu's speech to Hamas:
“We, the people of Israel, owe you a huge debt of gratitude. You have succeeded where we have failed. Because never before, in the history of the modern State of Israel, has the Jewish people been so united, like one person with one heart….” We at GHC have a rare opportunity to support Israel as a community. Due to the generosity and innovative thinking of a member family, we have been offered a matching grant for GHC to purchase Israel Bonds. .. Making this directed donation to GHC will not only strengthen our synagogue financially, but it will make a strong statement of the dedication and conviction we share as a community to support the State of Israel and our People… The purchase of Israel Bonds –now– will directly benefit the State of Israel and its citizens who are living with ongoing bombing of their homes, schools, hospitals, synagogues, streets, and countryside. Due to the urgent nature of this appeal we are requesting that you send your check payable to “GHC-Israel Bonds Fund” to the GHC office no later than Monday July 28, 2014… GHC's Mission and Vision Statement, engaging with our changing world:
“Ahavat Yisrael, our love for Israel and for the Jewish people, connects us inextricably to Israel, the state and its people.” GHC-Israel Team
Also from the blog:
There have been huge losses in this war, and our troops and brothers and sister across Israel need us now more than ever! We must keep our heads up and focus on the task at hand.
Gideon Levy addresses a similar contempt for Palestinian suffering in Haaretz today. There are 155 dead children in Gaza, killed by Israel; and Israelis are not moved to express any compassion.
[T]here exists a complete lack of compassion for the victims on the other side, even for those children, dying in gruesome numbers, which will go down as a new record of shame, even in the Israeli record book… The pictures coming out of Gaza – and not in the Israeli media, which begrudgingly posts them to fulfill its obligation – should upset every Israeli. It's possible that Gazans would be happy to celebrate dead Israeli children, and despite that happiness, there haven't been any. If we were to witness such a phenomenon, we would be shocked, and rightly so. But we can ignore the wholesale killing of dozens of Palestinian children, day after day, or perhaps even celebrate it. After all, “Even Hitler was a child.”
And on the Can you see yourself as others see you front, here is Ayman Mohyeldin reporting from Gaza on the aftermath of an Israeli onslaught:
Still Rickin', Still Rollin'
Al Franken had to explain the scientific method to Rick Perry.
During his Thursday testimony before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee about his department's 2018 budget request, Minnesota Senator Al Franken decided to take Energy Secretary Rick Perry to task for statements he made on Monday.
Perry claimed that most changes in climate are due to “naturally occurring events, the warming and the cooling of our ocean waters, and some other activities” rather than CO2. What?
“Don't you think it's okay to have this conversation about the science of climate change?” Perry said. “What's wrong with being a skeptic about something … that's going to have a massive impact on the American economy?”
Franken was quick to point out that Perry is describing our old friend “the scientific method,” the type of skeptical analysis that is “exactly how science works.” Scientists have exhaustively debated and examined the cause of increasing global temperatures and concluded that, yes, it's man-made climate change. The warming oceans are the result of climate change, not a cause of it.
“There's no peer-reviewed study that doesn't say this is happening,” Franken said.
(Reading, PA) - The Reading Fightin Phils (76-38) earned their eighth shutout win of the season with a 14-0 win over the Altoona Curve (62-51) on Sunday night. The win for Reading was their largest margin of victory ever over Altoona. They won 14-1 against Altoona in 2000.
Reading took a 1-0 lead in the bottom of the fourth. Rhys Hoskins scored on a groundout by Harold Martinez to get the first run of the game. The Fightins added three more runs off Curve starter Cody Dickson (9-4) to take a 4-0 lead. Andrew Pullin hit a RBI double then Dylan Cozens added a two-run single. Cozens now has 103 RBI on the season.
Nick Pivetta (11-6) pitched five shutout innings as he gave up just two hits with four walks and five strikeouts. Jensen Thierren entered the game in the top of the sixth inning. Hoskins walked with the bases loaded in the bottom of the sixth to extend Reading's lead to 5-0. The Fightin Phils scored six more runs in the bottom of the seventh to take a 11-0 lead. Jake Fox hit a RBI double then Mitch Walding was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded. Scott Kingery added a sacrifice fly then Pullin hit a three-run home run.
Gabriel Lino hit a three-run home run off Altoona's Trey Haley in the bottom of the eighth to give Reading a 14-0 lead. It was his first home run with Reading this season. Mario Hollands and Alexis Rivero pitched scoreless innings in relief.
Hoskins five walks in the game were the most by a Fightin Phil in the modern era. Andrew Pullin recorded a four-RBI game. Pullin, Dylan Cozens, Mitch Walding and Gabriel Lino all had multi-hit games.
The Fightin Phils are off on Monday and will begin a six-game road trip on Tuesday. Reading will head to NYSEG Stadium to play the Binghamton Mets on Tuesday night. Fans can listen to the game on Sports Radio AM 1240/FM 98.5 and fightins.com beginning at 6:05 pm.
Tickets for the 2016 season are available online at Fightins.com, by phone at 610-370-BALL, and in-person at FirstEnergy Stadium.
These are people who enjoy wine and want to communicate that enjoyment—they're not white-coated scientists devoid of humor.
Yet by definition, wine masters are masters of their craft and masters of the terroir, history and grapes with which they work. They influence the way others in a wine region think and the direction in which the region evolves. They do this through the wines they produce and the advice they give to others.
Especially exciting about these people is that they are making wines at all price points. While they may make limited quantities of top-flight wines, they also have the skill to craft wines for everyday enjoyment.
Portugal's wine scene is developing fast. Every year, new producers appear, symbols of dynamism and innovation. But throughout all the country's many wine regions, these wine masters are the catalysts for change.
Here are the six people, from south to north, who are the shaping the future of Portugal's wines.
Luis Duarte, The Estate Master
Find a top wine in the Alentejo with the word ­herdade as part of its name, and the likelihood is that Luis Duarte will be behind it.
An herdade is an estate. In the Alentejo, it is often a vast estate with cork trees and forests as well as vines. And increasingly, these herdades are the origins of the best Alentejo wines.
“I am in the business of bringing out the best in estate wines,” says Duarte. “I believe that the Alentejo can make the best wines in Portugal and I want to prove it.”
Born in Angola and brought up in the Douro, the 46-year-old Duarte now calls Alentejo home.
“My first job was at Herdade do Esporão,” says Duarte. “I arrived there and was told to create a winery in three months for 15 million bottles.”
While he's a consultant—he calls himself “somebody who works with friends”—he's one who exudes relaxation even at harvest time.
“I have a great team,” he says over a succession of tapas, even as he fields a text message from his contact at a winery.
With seven wineries as clients, plus his own wines, he has plenty of “projects.” A new endeavor for the American market is Vera Vinho Verde, which has taken him back to his origins in the north of Portugal.
“My wine style is for elegance,” he says. “I don't want to know about phenolic ripeness. I just avoid green tannins and then use less extraction, less working of the wine. I don't want to make a wine that is so expressive that it is good for ­nobody.”
He starts a project and helps out his friends. Needing to understand people is an important part of how he works. To make great wine “I have to live the project,” he says. “But I am not Jesus, I don't have miracles. I am just a winemaker.”
Recommended Wines
Luis Duarte 2010 Rubrica (Alentejano); $25, 94 points . Laurel Importers. Editors' Choice.
Herdade de São Miguel 2010 Private Collection (Alentejano); $50, 93 points. Saraiva Enterprises.
Herdade Grande 2009 Gerações Colheita Seleccionada (Alentejano); $58, 92 points. M Imports LLC.
João Portugal Ramos Mastering Brands
First consultant, now wine producer of over 8 million bottles a year, João Portugal Ramos has been an immense influence in the 20-year-old renaissance of Alentejo. He's merged the traditions of a volume-­producing region with a strongly branded future.
An agronomist by training, his career as consultant lasted 10 years, until 1997 when he built his own winery.
“As a consultant you need to have a balancing act between what you have learned and can teach and what has existed for centuries. It's a question of what you can improve, not what you can change,” says Ramos. “Imagine—I was the first to introduce temperature control. Before that everybody just had to use too much sulfur.”
Until the late 1990s, says Ramos, “the big problem of Portuguese wines had been that big companies bought wine, not grapes.”
That changed when cooperatives started marketing their own wine rather than selling it in bulk. As an agronomist, he wanted control over his own grape supply. Today, he buys from nearly 300 parcels, but claims to know them all.
We're talking on a roof terrace, the hum of the harvest reaching up to us from the winery below. Doesn't he need to watch?
“I have a good team. I don't need to be there all the time,” he says. Now 60 years old, he's proud that his daughter Filipa has joined him at what has just been renamed João Portugal Ramos Family Estates.
His understanding of the importance of brands led him to the American market and his importer, Winebow.
“They pushed me into branding and into Vinho Verde,” he says. “I wasn't aware when I started how strong my name was, because of my consultancy.”
His brands, Marquès de Borba, Ramos, Vila Santa and Loios, are recognizable and made in volume, signs of a new Portugal.
Recommended Wines
J. Portugal Ramos 2012 Ramos Reserva (Alentejano); $15, 90 points. Winebow. Best Buy.
J. Portugal Ramos 2011 Vila Santa Aragonez (Alentejano); $20, 90 points. Winebow. Editors' Choice.
J. Portugal Ramos 2012 Loios Tinto (Alentejano); $10, 87 points. Winebow. Best Buy.
Álvaro de Castro, Master of Granite
When I arrive at Álvaro de Castro's winery, the only people around are working the bottling line. It's the first day of the harvest, and everybody else is in the vineyard.
One bumpy ride aboard an ancient Jeep later, and there is de Castro, straw hat on his head, riding a bike around the vines. Before he can get off the bike, he laughs—he often laughs—and then launches into a paean of praise for old vines.
“I think preserving old vines is so important because sometimes we find something that was forgotten but makes really good wine,” de Castro says. “I found a vine with no name the other day—that really excites me.”
The eastern Dão, under the heavy frown of the Estrela Mountains, is a land of strange granite boulders strewn about at random in the fields. This is an ancient region that is only now finding its identity, capable of producing structured, complex wines.
Before the Portuguese Revolution in 1974, all grapes in the Dão had to be taken to the cooperatives. The quality consequences were dire. Yet de Castro loves the potential of this harsh, mountainous region.
“We can make the most fantastic wines,” he says. “My wine is dry, full-bodied but not too much. I want it very balanced, everything that you will like in a wine. That's what people want, and my region really can follow this mood.”
I ask de Castro how his example of making top quality wines influences other growers in the Dão: “We are all individuals here, we work for ourselves,” he says. “But people do come to me. The last guy who came here wanted to be so radical. He was French. I told him be calm and take your time.”
That's just what de Castro's impressive wines need: time.
Recommended Wines
Álvaro Castro 2008 Pape (Dão); $65, 95 points. Laurel Importers. Cellar Selection.
Álvaro Castro 2008 Quinta da Pellada (Dão); $65, 93 points. Laurel Importers. Cellar Selection.
Álvaro Castro 2009 Quinta da Pellada Branco (Dão); $72, 93 points. Laurel Importers.
Jorge Moreira, Master of Scale
Tiny wineries, medium-size wineries, large wineries: 42-year-old Jorge Moreira seems to be able to handle them all by applying the same philosophy to all three.
“I make 40 different wines,” he says. “But it's not me, it's the grapes. I translate the grapes into wines.”
In the just-finished tasting room at Quinta de la Rosa in the Douro Valley, the quinta's buildings seem to hang like the prow of a ship over the still waters of the Douro River. Quinta de la Rosa, where he has been winemaker since 2002, is the medium-size winery in Moreira's portfolio. The smallest is his own Poeira project, while the largest is Real Companhia Velha, a multimillion-bottle company, the oldest in the Douro. He has been chief winemaker there since 2011.
As we taste the wines of Quinta de la Rosa, ­Poeira and yet another project—a joint venture with the Bergqvist family of Quinta de la Rosa—he explains that he wants to deliver the ripeness and power of the Douro while retaining freshness, structure and balance.
“You can make wines bigger and fatter by adding chemicals,” he says. “But you don't need them. I wait until the grapes say, ‘Pick me.' ”
“The way I make wine it is impossible to be a consultant, you have to follow every stage of the process,” he says, so Moreira works only in the Douro.
When he started working at Real Companhia, they wanted him to concentrate just on making a top wine to compete with the best.
“I said no, I have to manage everything,” says Moreira.
In the short time he has been at the helm, he has taken this big company away from winemaking by the book—“they had records and facts for everything and followed them every year, I don't work like that”—and toward crafting wines that show individual character.
Says Moreira, “My passion is to make wine that people want to buy and drink.”
Recommended Wines
Poeira 2010 Douro Vinum Wine Importing and Distribution; $40, 94 points. Cellar Selection.
Quinta de la Rosa 2010 La Rosa Reserva (Douro); $50, 94 points. Winesellers Ltd. Cellar Selection.
Real Companhia Velha 2011 Quinta das Carvalhas Vintage Port; $50, 93 points. Admiral Imports.
Xito Olazabal, Mastering History
Xito Olazabal, 44, is the great great grandson of Doña Antónia Adelaide Ferreira, the 19th-century matriarch of the Douro who founded so many great quintas (estates), like Vesúvio, Vallado, Seixo and Vargellas.
Today, the family still controls the last of the quintas that Doña Antonia created, Quinta do Vale do Meão. Set high up river, on the way to Spain, it still feels remote, a complete world apart.
Xito and his father Vito (both officially named Francisco) have painstakingly rebuilt this estate into one of the showpieces of the Douro. Meanwhile, Vallado, way downriver, also remains in the family, and Xito makes the wine there along with his cousins, the current owners.
There may be plenty of history and there may be lagares for fermenting the new wine, but both Vale Meão and Vallado have brand-new wineries and, in Xito, an outlook that blends modernity with a great respect for tradition.
At the vast 700-acre Vale Meão estate we ascend to the chapel that stands on an outcrop above the house to get a better perspective on the vineyards spread out below.
“When Doña Antonia planted the estate in the 19th century, she broke with local tradition and planted grape varieties in blocks,” he says. “It has allowed us to make great use of the terroir. I always want to make a wine that can point to the terroir.”
The Meão estate produces two wines, just like a Bordeaux chateau. There is the first wine, Quinta do Vale Meão, and the second wine, Meandro do Vale Meão.
With its hot summer climate, it would be easy to make huge, powerful wines, but Xito is having none of it.
“I don't think very ripe wines are any good,” he says. “We were making bigger wines, while now we look for finesse and elegance. I am very proud that people can recognize the character of Vale Meão in our wines.”
Recommended Wines
Quinta do Vale Meão 2009 Douro; $75, 95 points. Deutsch Family Wine and Spirits. Cellar Selection.
Quinta do Vallado 2010 Reserva Field Blend (Douro); $60, 93 points. Quintessential Wines. Cellar Selection.
Quinta do Vale Meão 2009 Meandro do Vale Meão (Douro); $24, 91 points. Deutsch Family Wine and Spirits.
Anselmo Mendes, Master of Cool
“The image of Vinho Verde is a wine that is just a drink with some sweetness and a little gas,” says ­Anselmo Mendes, as we sit in O Gaveto, one of the best fish restaurants near Oporto.
“That for me is a tragedy. This is a region of great white wines, the sort of wines I make and others are increasingly making.”
The cool northern end of Portugal is home to Mendes, where his family has vines in the Alvarinho region just south of the Spanish border. Now 51, he has been working in Vinho Verde, the rugged, mountainous green wine region all his life.
He currently works for three Vinho Verde producers and produces his own wines. These are wines of terroir, based around the three great grapes of the region: Alvarinho, Loureiro and Avesso.
His wines combine the freshness of cool climate wines and the richness and complexity of this granite land. He is not afraid of using wood with his own Muros de Melgaço Alvarinho, although he says, “When I first made this wine, my father was shocked.”
Oak is also a factor in Curtimenta, a wine made with a long maceration and aged in neutral wood barrels, and in the Loureiro-based wines of his client Quinta do Ameal.
A believer in Vinho Verde as a wine capable of aging, he shows me a 2009 Alvarinho that is on its way to becoming like a very mineral Riesling.
Mendes and a few others are where Vinho Verde is going—because it is a region able to do more than light, sweet wines. Mendes is showing that it has the potential to be a major white-wine region. These highly rated wines hold out the promise of a great future.
Recommended Wines
Anselmo Mendes 2012 Muros Antigos Escolha (Vinho Verde); $14, 91 points. Aidil Wines. Best Buy.
Anselmo Mendes 2012 Muros Antigos Alvarinho (Vinho Verde); $16, 90 points. Aidil Wines.
Quinta do Ameal 2011 Loureiro (Vinho Verde); $15, 90 points. Oz Wine Company. Best Buy.
During the pretrial hearing for 52-year-old Ronald Shields, who has been charged with a felony hit-and-run and possession of cocaine, Shield's attorney Steve Levine argued that the drugs were planted on his client at the time of the arrest. Even though the LAPD has been keeping body cam videos from these arrests away from the public eye, CBS2 News Investigative Reporter David Goldstein was able to obtain the footage of Shields' arrest which appears to show officers placing drugs in the suspect's wallet.
The officers were possibly unaware that the body cam video also captures and saves footage 30 seconds prior to when the camera is activated. That is when the alleged planting of cocaine took place.
One angle from the body cam shows LAPD officer Gaxiola picking up Shields' wallet off the ground and showing it to officer Samuel Lee while motioning to the suspect as if to say that the wallet belongs to him. After putting the wallet back down, a small bag with a white substance, which later tested positive for drugs, was picked up off the street and eventually placed in Shields' wallet.
In a sworn testimony delivered by Lee prior to the hearing, he claims the drugs were found in Shields' left front pocket. However, Levine points to a specific moment where the cocaine was in Gaxiola's hand before it ended up in Shields' wallet. "There's a little white square here in his hand," he said. "I believe the video shows the drugs were in his right hand and transfers to his left hand."
POST CONTINUES BELOW
The LAPD have opened an internal investigation into the use of body cams by officers in the field.
Georgia Republican Rep. Paul Broun, left, wants to reform the Environmental Protection Agency. He also wants climate change to be recognized as a “hoax.” Photo By Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call
Few Republicans have kind words for the Environmental Protection Agency. Many refer to it as a menacing, conspiratorial madhouse—rather than an agency that takes up 0.2 percent of the federal government's budget to keep the air and water clean. Michele Bachmann once pledged to padlock its doors; John Boehner has called it “nuts”; and Mitch McConnell says getting “the EPA reined in” will be a top priority when he ascends to Senate majority leader come January.
Those who insist the EPA needs muzzling claim it is consistently “overreaching” and making laws at “unprecedented” rates. (The agency is “a regulatory firehose on U.S. business,” intoned the Wall Street Journal.) But such bellows are at odds with the reality. According to the Office of Management and Budget, from 2001 to 2011, EPA regulations accounted for annual benefits to the country worth between $141 billion and $691 billion, while incurring annual costs between $42.4 billion and $66.3 billion. As of 2010, fewer Clean Air Act rules had been proposed or issued under the Obama administration than during the same point in the presidencies of George W. Bush or Bill Clinton.
But the agency is plagued by real problems—bureaucracies tasked with complicated rulemaking and enforcement cannot avoid them. Too many poor or outdated assessment models increase costs, a Government Accountability Office report found this summer. Decisions are often delayed, causing confusion and frustration about otherwise useful regulations. It ought to be possible to make the EPA more efficient, transparent, modern, and effective. Yet two bills that passed the House of Representatives last week show how good ideas about improving the EPA can turn radioactive in Republicans' hands.
Last Wednesday, the chamber approved the Secret Science Reform Act of 2014, which prohibits the EPA from “proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based on science that is not transparent or reproducible.” It compels the agency to release all scientific and technical information used in its assessments.
On its face, this does not sound bad. Early in his presidency, Barack Obama promised to make agency science transparent. Many on the left and right have pointed out that the administration's Open Government Initiative has fallen far short of that goal. Scientists and bureaucrats themselves want to work toward more clarity and openness.
Alas, the “Secret Science” bill was put forth by Republicans on the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee with a penchant for alienating those who could lead reforms and improvements. Georgia's Rep. Paul Broun (one of the bill's sponsors) calls climate change a “hoax” and decries evolution as a lie “from the pit of hell.” That doesn't inspire faith in science legislation with his backing. EPA mandarins—mere mortals just trying to do what's asked of them—are attacked as job killers, and are bound to think any Republican bill is passed with their destruction in mind. “The EPA has approved regulations that have placed a crippling financial burden on economic growth in this country,” reads the press release from the bill's author, Rep. David Schweikert, R-Ariz. And as Christopher Flavelle of Bloomberg points out, rather than making the EPA leaner, the bill would increase the agency's costs tremendously without any real gains. What's more, the Congressional Budget Office says implementing the law would mean far fewer scientific studies (about half of the current number) would go into making the EPA's decisions.
Denouncing the EPA plays to conservative constituents during election season—the majority of voters in eight battleground Senate states in this year's midterms said they opposed new EPA carbon emission limit rules, according to a poll from Magellan Strategies, a research firm. So right-wing politicians are keen to bash it as a costly and growing juggernaut they promise to tame. Two other House bills, also passed last week, would bar scientists from advising the EPA on their own research and speed up issuing air pollution permits for new factories. Supporters of the bills swear they are necessary for creating more transparency and ensuring that fewer onerous regulations will be imposed on businesses.
But the pace of EPA regulations has “slowed considerably since 2011,” according to a report this summer from the Congressional Research Service, Congress's public policy research arm. Public comment periods on new rules have frequently been extended, with revisions that “often relied on data submitted by industry” stakeholders. Many finalized rules on big issues were more lax than originally proposed as a result, CRS found. That makes Republican bills that effectively allow even more industry input in the name of curtailing runaway EPA authority look even more disingenuous. Worse, they breed distrust—the White House has already warned that it would veto all three bills should they pass the Senate—which makes it harder to pass legislation that might actually be meaningful.
Scientific integrity is something everyone should fight for, and government agencies like the EPA are not bad places to push for more clarity and collaboration. But politics has poisoned that figurative well. Sadly, this risks poisoning literal ones Americans might drink from.
This afternoon I was guided to have another lucid dream. In this one, I was at my home in Baltimore, and there was a huge crowd of young people celebrating throughout my entire house and on the sidewalk and street of my neighborhood. There must have been a few hundred people all dressed in alternative light-colored clothing like hippies and just rioting with happiness as if some major positive event had occurred, and I was central to it. I walked through my house not understanding what was going on and everyone I walked by would cheer my name and give me hugs and kisses and when I went outside I saw people were even painting my house sky blue. It was an incredible scene, like a huge victory, and in the dream I could only think that we had made a huge ascension breakthrough.
As others have been reporting lately, this past weekend and today has had some incredibly powerful energies shifting the collective consciousness, and this dream can only be further confirmation that something is in fact happening and we have entered the next threshold. Now it will be interesting to watch the news to see what big disclosures erupt in the Matrix in the following days.
There's no question whether Jehovah's Witnesses policies direct elders to keep child abuse secret from police. They do.
And there's no question whether the religion's headquarters maintains a database of alleged child sexual abusers going back decades. Or that Jehovah's Witnesses leaders have violated court orders to hand it over.
It's been three years since we began investigating the global child sexual abuse cover-up inside the Jehovah's Witnesses organization, and even though we've learned many key details, questions still remain.
How many child abusers are still active around the world because the Jehovah's Witnesses did not report them? Which congregations do they attend? And why, even in the face of lawsuits and multimillion-dollar court judgments, do leaders refuse to change their policies in any significant way?
We've demonstrated our findings in text, television, radio and virtual reality stories. But we felt there was more to do because of the strong public interest that would be served by answering those questions.
We decided to go back to our sources, people around the world who had fueled our coverage, and try to gather them in one place for a day. As an independent, nonpartisan journalism organization, we would broker a day of speakers, panels and candid discussions about ways to address the Jehovah's Witnesses child abuse crisis.
We chose London because the Jehovah's Witnesses are fighting multiple lawsuits and investigations related to their child abuse policies there. The law firm Bolt Burdon Kemp – which has the largest abuse litigation department in England – currently has civil lawsuits against the Jehovah's Witnesses and brought child abuse experts and survivors from around the U.K.
In all, more than 60 experts and stakeholders showed up. They were lawyers, law enforcement officials, child abuse investigators, academics, journalists, former Jehovah's Witnesses elders, and survivors of child sexual abuse. They traveled on their own dimes from the U.S., Canada, Australia, Belgium, Spain, Scotland, Wales and Ireland.
We invited representatives from the Jehovah's Witnesses headquarters to join us, but they did not accept.
At the gathering last Wednesday, a panel of abuse survivors talked about the Jehovah's Witnesses' failure to protect them when they were children. A panel of former elders described their struggles to break the silence of the organization.
Journalists from Spain and Canada reported on the crisis in their countries. Attorneys from the U.S., U.K., and Australia discussed legal strategies and challenges to getting the Jehovah's Witnesses to turn over their child abuse database. Some British law enforcement officials were learning about the cover-up for the first time.
The day closed with a conversation with Mike Rezendes, the Boston Globe reporter who was part of the Spotlight team that blew open the child abuse cover-up in the Catholic Church. Rezendes said the Jehovah's Witnesses story had many of the hallmarks of the Catholic Church scandal – particularly the organization's secrecy and the power abusers have over victims.
The gathering sparked renewed interest in the cover-up from the British media. Journalists from the BBC and other media outlets showed up to interview some of those in attendance and have already begun broadcasting new stories.
The Times of London followed that coverage with a story emphasizing calls for a formal investigation into the Jehovah's Witnesses' child abuse files by the U.K.'s Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse.
“The Inquiry has got the powers to require the production of those documents,” said Laura Hoyano, an associate professor of law at Oxford University who specializes in child abuse issues and attended the London summit. “And I understand they have already taken some steps to ensure the documents are retained and not destroyed.”
There's no question. The Jehovah's Witnesses are protecting the identities of alleged child abusers, and shielding them from prosecution. The courts want that information and so do we. The fight to get it is playing out around the world.
Trey Bundy can be reached at tbundy@revealnews.org. Follow him on Twitter: @treybundy.
Don't miss the next big story. Brave investigations that change minds, laws and lives. Emailed directly to you.
When President George H. W. Bush was staring down Saddam Hussein after the Iraq dictator's invasion of Kuwait in 1990, the former diplomat spoke in grand terms about international order and rule of law.
But Bush also made the conflict personal. In public speeches, he referred to the Iraqi tyrant only by his first name, as “Saddam”—a pointed discourtesy that drew global attention. For good measure, he mispronounced it—“Sad-um” instead of “Sa-dam”—in a way that sounded like the Arabic word for a barefoot beggar.
Story Continued Below
The ensuing conflict went America's way: Iraq was quickly ejected from Kuwait in the 1991 Gulf War, a lightning-fast defeat that left the dictator humbled. But in hindsight, some Bush officials consider the way the president had talked about it—particularly his decision to personalize the conflict with man-to-man taunts—to have been a mistake. American troops stopped well short of reaching Baghdad, Hussein clung to power, and the result was a clean victory that didn't quite feel like one.
“All the emphasis on Saddam made it harder for [Bush] to justify ending the war with Saddam still in power,” said Richard Haass, a top Bush White House national security official at the time.
More than 25 years later, Donald Trump has quickly found himself in his own standoff with a blowhard dictator across the world and has personalized it far more than Bush ever did. Twice in the past week, on Twitter on Sunday and in his Tuesday address to the United Nations, Trump has dubbed North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un “Rocket Man,” an apparent reference to a 1972 Elton John ballad that Trump often played at his campaign rallies—an exercise in high-level name-calling with little modern precedent.
Whether any larger strategy lies behind Trump's mockery is unclear. Trump has long used nicknames to belittle and intimidate opponents, from Atlantic City business rivals to his 2016 challengers—including “Low Energy Jeb” Bush, “Little Marco” Rubio and “Crooked Hillary” Clinton. But experts and former U.S. officials warn that what worked in the Iowa primaries is liable to backfire on the larger and more complicated global stage, especially when it comes to nuclear diplomacy with millions of lives on the line.
For a dictator accustomed to honorifics like “Brilliant Leader” and “Guiding Sun Ray,” the nickname “will be perceived as an embarrassment of the highest order” in North Korea, said Ken Gause, an Asia analyst with the nonprofit research organization CNA.
“The relationship is already so bad that I'm not sure how much worse it could get,” added Joel Wit, a Korea expert at Columbia University and the Johns Hopkins University's School for Advanced International Studies. “But if there's something guaranteed to make it worse, it's hurling personal insults at their leader.”
Human psychology is an undeniable element of high-stakes international conflict, as any student of the Cuban Missile Crisis can explain, and world leaders can successfully unnerve one another. But the strategy can also backfire. In 1986, President Ronald Reagan branded the Libyan dictator Muammar Qadhafi “the mad dog of the Middle East,” prompting the North African strongman to retort that he would not bend to the “insults” of an “old man.” (Reagan wound up bombing Qadhafi into submission.)
President Barack Obama considered it a mistake to personalize foreign policy, though he couldn't resist saying in 2013 that Russian President Vladimir Putin's “slouch” during their meetings made the Russian look like “the bored kid in the back of the classroom.” Putin was reportedly infuriated by the remark, which did nothing to improve faltering U.S.-Russia relations.
And as Bush discovered, it can be hard to close the door on a foreign policy problem once you've turned it into a man-to-man fight. With North Korea, a successful diplomatic solution might leave Kim in power—and Trump in much the same position as Bush: as a leader claiming a win even as critics cast him as a guy who couldn't finish the shoving match he started.
It remains unclear whether Trump's remark is intended to unnerve Kim, whom he has previously both insulted (“a maniac”) and complimented (“a smart cookie”)—or whether it's just to look tough to his domestic political base. Whatever the motive, there's little sign it came from—or even ran through—key administration officials crafting North Korea policy.
Trump's own national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, seemed caught off guard after Trump sent a tweet Sunday morning in which he described talking to South Korea's leader about an unnamed “Rocket Man.” On an Sunday interview with ABC News, host George Stephanopoulos asked McMaster, “I assume ‘Rocket Man' is Kim Jong-un?”
“Well, it's—it appears to be so,” McMaster said haltingly. “That is where the rockets and missiles are coming from, is North Korea.”
Since then, Trump officials have embraced the moniker more enthusiastically—even if they offer few particulars about how it aids America's strategic position. A “President Trump original,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday. “As you know, he's a master in branding.”
“Look, this is a way of, like, you know, getting people to talk about him,” Trump's United Nations Ambassador, Nikki Haley, told ABC on Wednesday.
A National Security Council spokesman did not respond when asked how Trump's advisers feel about the nickname, and what effect Trump hopes it will have. Several Asia analysts said there would be no confusion about the name's hostile intent among North Korea's leaders. The insular county's population is a different story. Even the few North Koreans familiar with Elton John wouldn't likely have heard about Trump's crack: The nation's state media has yet to report the line, according to Adam Cathcart, an Asia historian at the University of Leeds.
Cathcart added that the country's propaganda machine might even turn the line to Kim's advantage, at least domestically, in a nation whose missile program is a point of pride.
“Insults like that generally don't translate well,” he said, “and if anything the [North Korean] state media has made a habit of rephrasing things in a way that they want their people to hear them. So we might ultimately see some reference to Trump's publicly stated fear of the 'intercontinental missile capability advancing at extreme speed' or something along those lines."
Kim and his inner circle will have a clearer understanding of Trump's intended meaning. But experts doubt that a North Korean leader whose family has defied the West for decades under threat of carpet bombing will be rattled by a reference to a 1970s pop hit. Some even worry that by focusing on Kim personally—something Obama avoided doing—Trump could elevate the North Korean leader's stature and inflate his ego.
“This kind of bluster will not only not deter North Korea, but Kim will call Trump's bluff and conduct more weapons tests,” said Sung-Yoon Lee, a North Korea specialist at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Moreover, Lee added, name-calling is typically the hallmark of the North Korean regime itself. Pyongyang's blustery propaganda machine has branded George W. Bush “human scum,” Obama a “wicked black monkey” and Trump himself “a psychopath.”
“For the U.S. to descend to North Korea's level is demeaning,” Lee said.
You can finally put those trade rumors to bed regarding Rangers winger Mats Zuccarello. The Norwegian forward has inked a four-year deal, paying him an annual hit of $4.5 million.
#NYR, Zuccarello have agreed to base of 4-year, $18 million deal; discussion on no-trade/protection all that remains http://t.co/aI1qcwQtJ4 — Pat Leonard (@PLeonardNYDN) March 1, 2015
Nobody was more excited about the announcement that Zuccarello teammate Derrick Brassard, who was quick to post this on his Instagram:
In the days leading up to the trade deadline, set to take place tomorrow until Noon, Zuccarello and management were at two different opinions of what Mats was worth to the team and it seemed likely that the 5'7 forward would not be back with the team and instead traded by the deadline. With all rumors circulating, they died down quickly when the Rangers announced a trade, picking up defenseman Keith Yandle, at 50% of his contract, and prospect Chris Summers, for forward John Moore, prospect Anthony Duclair and a 1st round pick. Shortly after the announcement, word around social media speculated that Zuccarello was on the cusp of signing a new deal with New York. The rumours were backed up by Zuccarello's poor play, this season. In 59 games this season, the small forward averaged just over 17 minutes of ice time and has put up just 35 points (12 goals, 23 assists), which places him just outside of the pace of last season's totals. Zuccarello certainly has the talent and skill level to do more, but with his level of play, it seemed unjustified to give him the money he was reportedly asking for. Small and speedy, Zuccarello has drawn comparisons to the Montreal Canadiens center David Desharnais, not only in similar in size and stature but the way they play the game as well. Head coach Alain Vigneault made it clear he wanted the team to re-sign Zuccarello and went to bat for him several times. Today, when asked about whether Zuccarello would be in the line-up, Vigneault responded with uncertainty.
Mats Zuccarello and the Rangers are talking again and could be close on a deal http://t.co/i0HsDlarJV via @snyrangers — SNYRangers (@SNYRangers) March 1, 2015
This, of course, led to a heap of speculation all over social media. However once the big trade went down, all murmurs on Twitter were shushed and the announcement of Zuccarello's re-signing followed quickly. According to Bob McKenzie of TSN, the no trade clause will be finalized in the morning:
That final piece of Zuccarello deal is expected to be formalized in the morning. #TradeCentre — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) March 2, 2015
Despite the trade and signing, however, the Rangers still need to consider making a move to cut some costs. They are currently status quo after taking Yandle at half his salary for this year and next, due to giving big money to Zuccarello while also shedding minimal cap in both John Moore and Anthony Duclair. The end may not be yet here for Glen Sather and the New York Rangers.
Main Photo:
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter –@CrimsonSkorpion. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Optimist: Person who travels on nothing
from nowhere to happiness.
–Mark Twain
Some people are more optimistic by nature, but optimism is not a fixed attribute. It's a choice we have control over. Every morning, we either choose to wake up grumpy or wake up with a positive outlook. Research has shown that, in the long run, optimistic people handle stress better, get sick less often, live longer, and are happier and more successful than their pessimistic counterparts.
The good news is that we can all develop skills to improve optimism. Here are nine ideas to get you started:
1. Find the opportunity in every difficulty.
‘Optimist' is a word which here refers to a person who focuses on the positive. For instance, if an optimist lost her left arm in a car accident, she might say in a hopeful voice, “I'm alive. I don't have my left arm anymore, but I do have my right one, and my life still to live.”
Optimism does not mean ignoring the problem entirely; it means understanding that setbacks are inevitable, often temporary, and that you have the skills and abilities to combat the challenges you face. What you are dealing with may be difficult, but it is important to remain hopeful and positive about a brighter future. Optimism will inspire a sense of hopefulness and the confidence that is required to take full advantage of the opportunities that do exist. Remember, the most beautiful rainbows come from the sunlight after a very dark storm. Read Full Catastrophe Living .
2. Surround yourself with positive people.
You are only as good as the company you keep. If you're around gloomy people, there's a good chance you won't be smiling. Make it your mission to dodge negativity. Surround yourself with supportive friends who have positive outlooks. As they say, if you want to soar with the eagles, you have to stop hanging out with the ducks.
Optimism is a learned habit, and it is positively contagious. Surround yourself with people who could infect you with positivity. In turn pass your new good mood on to a friend or stranger in words and deed – let somebody have that parking space, let that person with only a few items cut in front of you at the market. The simple act of doing something nice for others is actually a good pick-me-up all by itself.
3. Give love, receive love, and invest in love.
LOVE: It's the greatest force in the universe. It's a treasure that people would give anything for, yet it costs nothing to give and receive. There is an endless supply, and it can be extended to family, friends and strangers at any moment. It increases positivity and acts like a shield against negativity. It forgives, heals, encourages and inspires.
Give love, receive love and invest in love every day. Because where you invest your love, you invest your life.
4. Be realistic, and expect ups and downs.
A foundation of realism keeps things in perspective, and helps prevent things from being blown out of proportion. Just because you're an optimist doesn't mean you're not going to have bad days. You will – that's reality. Life isn't always rainbows and butterflies.
Trying to be 100% positive all the time is wanting to be an ocean in which waves only rise up and never come crashing down. However, when we recognize that the rising and crashing waves are part of the same one ocean, we are able to let go and be at peace with the way things are.
Bottom line: Prepare for the worst but hope for the best – the former makes you sensible, and the latter makes you an optimist. Read Awareness: The Perils and Opportunities of Reality .
5. Inspire yourself with a smile and positive reminders.
If you expect the worst, the worst will happen. If you let things bother you, they will. But if you smile, you'll feel better. Studies have shown that putting a cheerful smile on your face can trigger a part of your brain that actually makes you feel happier and more optimistic about the present and future.
Also, feed your optimism with positive reminders. Write down short statements that inspire optimism. Put them in places where you'll see them every day, such as on your bathroom mirror, the inside of your locker, and on your computer monitor.
“Anything is possible.”
“Lead a life of positivity.”
“The only thing I can control is my attitude towards life.”
“I always have a choice.”
“Even the longest journey begins with a single step.”
“I will look at the sunny side of everything and make my optimism shine.”
Read The Happiness Project .
6. Work on the things you can control.
Pessimism is impractical because it causes you to spend time dwelling on negative things that haven't happened yet, while simultaneously preventing you from getting things done now. Pessimism breeds indecision. It's a waste of time, and time is a limited resource that you can't afford to take for granted. Every minute spent worrying guarantees nothing but less time to enjoy what life has to offer.
The solution? Acknowledge the things you can't control and don't become a victim. Stop thinking about what is happening to you, and start thinking about what you can do to make it better. Know that you almost always have a choice. Is your job a bummer? Find a new one. Not ready to leave because of your 401K and vacation time? Then celebrate those reasons and remember that you chose to stay.
7. Count your blessings.
There is so much good, so much beauty, so much love in your life. You have so much right now to be thankful for, you just need to pause long enough to appreciate it. Do so. This will help frame a better attitude and take your mind off of the negatives.
Start a feel-good journal. Buy a blank journal and fill it with things that make you smile, like a photo of your pet, or a compliment a friend gave you. Use it to track your accomplishments and celebrate your victories. Stick only positive things in your journal and open it up whenever you're feeling down.
8. Appreciate that nothing in life is permanent.
Research has shown that optimists and pessimists attribute the reasons for success and failure differently. Pessimists tend to attribute negative events to permanent, personal, and pervasive factors. Optimists tend to attribute negative events to non-personal, non-permanent, and non-pervasive factors. ‘Permanent' are factors that will be with you throughout life; ‘personal' are factors that relate to us as individuals; and ‘pervasive' are factors that affect our ability in other parts of our life.
Bottom line: Nothing is permanent. However good or bad a situation is now, it will change.
9. Focus on the present.
People often obsess themselves with the past and the future. But life is happening right now. You can't learn something or remember something that's happening now if your mind is stuck in another time.
It takes about eight seconds of intense focus to process a new piece of information into your long-term memory. So don't let your life and your mind slip away. Instead of dwelling on the past or worrying about the future, practice being and living in the present moment. Remember, right now is the only moment guaranteed to you. Right now is life. Don't miss it.
New research suggests that women are better at maintaining their pace then men, though both genders tend to fade across 26.2 miles. But are the differences physiological, psychological – or a mixture of both?
Women are better at running marathons than men. That's the conclusion of a comprehensive study of marathon results that appears to confirm what previous research had suggested.
But before Dennis Kimetto and Wilson Kipsang disagree, what the results of the huge survey actually show is that women are simply better - 18.61% better, to be precise – at maintaining a consistent pace across the duration of the 26.2 miles. Whether that is because men overestimate their abilities, women underestimate theirs – or because there are physical differences that affect performance, is open to speculation – and requires more research.
The survey was conducted by Jens Jakob Andersen, a former competitive runner and statistician from Copenhagen Business School (he also runs runrepeat.com), and supported by Polish statistician Wojciech Fedyszyn. They looked at 1,815,091 results from a total of 131 marathons from around the world, between 2008 and 2014. Each runner was then categorized by sex, age, country, rank, split results, final results and the date of the performance – with outliers excluded.
Of the 1,815,091 results, excluding those with no gender information available, 974,599 (68.48%) were from men and 448,561 (31,52%) from women. “Slow-down” was measured as the percentage difference between speeds in the first and second halves of the race.
These splits showed that men were slowing down between 16.96 and 27.27% more than women. The evidence does also show that, unsurprisingly, on average both genders do slow down. But for men, that slowing was, on average, significantly greater.
Within different age groups, those most likely to burn out were the youngest and the oldest, while those in the 35-39 and 40-44 age groups were the best pacers (those in the under-19 age group faded 55.91% more than those groups).
So, why? The researchers suggest it all might reflect differences in psychology and decision making – and of course age. A previous study, looking solely at the Chicago marathon, suggested some other possible factors. First, that when running at the “submaximal intensity” required to complete a marathon, women might burn a higher percentage of fat than men. This would mean they are less likely to hit “the wall' – the point when glycogen is depleted. Second, and this applies specifically to marathons in warmer weather, “women tend to have a larger surface area-to-mass ratio than men, allowing them to dissipate a larger percentage of heat produced by running”.
Another interesting finding of the new study was that of the growth in participation. Male participation in marathons grew 21.61% in the period studied, while women's participation increased by 33.35%. The biggest age-group growth was, interestingly, in the 50-plus range, where there was an increase in 89.70% for women (54.56% for men).
Perhaps the least surprising finding for anyone who has run a big race, is that the first 5km are typically completed slower than the next 5km. Congestion, or “race traffic”, is likely to account for this.
So what can runners, particularly men, learn from this? Lead researcher Jens Jakob Andersen suggests a few sensible tips – starting out slower than feels natural, not getting carried away by excitement, sticking to your own race plan and not competing with others, and to slow down immediately if you feel you cannot keep to your planned pace. Whether such common sense will prevail when the adrenaline of race day hits is another matter.
Other stats from the research
• Men are 7% faster than women.
• For men, the fastest age is 38, while for women it is 24.
• Average finishing times were 4h 21m 36sec for men, and 4h 41m 27sec for women.
WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders have been supportive of Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise since the revelation that he appeared before a white supremacist organization 12 years ago, suggesting they think the flare-up will fade, while some Democrats have been critical without calling for him to resign.
Scalise, the Republican whip in the House, said Tuesday that he regrets making the speech in 2002 and condemns the views of such groups. He said that as a state legislator he spoke to many groups at that time about a major tax issue.
“One of the many groups that I spoke to regarding this critical legislation was a group whose views I wholeheartedly condemn,” the Louisiana congressman said in a statement. “It was a mistake I regret, and I emphatically oppose the divisive racial and religious views groups like these hold.”
Republican leaders defended Scalise within minutes of his statement. The new Congress, in which the GOP will control both the House and the Senate, convenes next week.
House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio said Scalise “made an error in judgment, and he was right to acknowledge it was wrong and inappropriate.” Boehner said Scalise “has my full confidence as our whip.”
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California said Scalise “acknowledged he made a mistake and has condemned the views that organization espouses. I've known him as a friend for many years and I know that he does not share the beliefs of that organization.”
Scalise won a key endorsement Monday from Rep. Cedric Richmond, who will be Louisiana's only Democrat and only black in Congress when the new Congress convenes. Richmond told NOLA.com: “I don't think Steve Scalise has a racist bone in his body.” He said he has worked closely with Scalise and “I am not going to let them use Steve as a scapegoat to score political points when I know him and know his family.”
Louisiana's Republican governor, Bobby Jindal, also defended the congressman.
Scalise acknowledged speaking at a 2002 Louisiana convention of the European-American Unity and Rights Organization, which called itself EURO. Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke founded the group, which the Southern Poverty Law Center has classified as a hate group.
In an interview Monday with The Times-Picayune of New Orleans and NOLA.com, Scalise said he had little staffing as a state legislator and didn't always know details of groups he was invited to address. “I didn't know who all of these groups were, and I detest any kind of hate group,” Scalise told the newspaper.
His statement Tuesday did not deal with the issue of weak staffing or sketchy knowledge of his audiences in 2002. Scalise, who is Catholic, said “these groups hold views that are vehemently opposed to my own personal faith, and I reject that kind of hateful bigotry.”
Louisiana Republicans say Duke, who ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1991, did not attend the 2002 EURO convention, but addressed it at one point by phone.
In his NOLA.com interview, Scalise said he knew about Duke, but indicated he didn't recognize Duke's connection to the group.
“Everyone knew who he was,” Scalise told NOLA.com. “I would not go to any group that he was a part of.”
Democrats were measured in their criticisms. For instance, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi's office issued a statement not from her but from her spokesman, Drew Hammill. It said Scalise's “involvement with a group classified by the Anti-Defamation League as anti-Semitic and the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group is deeply troubling for a top Republican leader in the House. ”
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee criticized Scalise in an earlier statement on Tuesday, saying he “chose to cheerlead for a group of KKK members and neo-Nazis at a white supremacist rally.” The statement questioned why the GOP leadership had remained silent.
Scalise, 49, ascended to his leadership post in June in the chain of events that followed then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor's surprise defeat in a Republican primary.
Scalise won the whip race with the solid backing of House conservatives, particularly Southerners who wanted a greater leadership voice considering the region's role in giving Republicans their largest House majority since President Herbert Hoover's administration at the start of the Great Depression.
Associated Press writer Bill Barrow in Atlanta contributed to this report.
MONTREAL—Can a dove be reincarnated into a hawk? The metamorphosis of Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe would suggest as much. In his previous life as the leader of the third party in the House of Commons, Duceppe vehemently opposed the notion that Canada should join the U.S.-led 2003 Iraq War.
Gilles Duceppe, leader of the Bloc Québécois, has compared the ISIS offensive to the rise of Nazi Germany. He also believes Canada should not exclude joining allies such as France or Great Britain, should they decide to take on the Islamic State in a ground war. ( Peter Mccabe / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
He initially supported Canada's military operation in Afghanistan but then spent five years opposing every extension on the grounds that the mission should be focused on reconstruction rather than combat. Based on that track record, no one was surprised when the Bloc's two remaining MPs twice joined the Liberals, the New Democrats and the Green party over the past year and voted against Canada's military involvement in the war against Islamic extremists in the Middle East. But that was before Duceppe returned to lead the BQ. Lost in the shuffle of the Conservative travails over the refugee issue last week, the Bloc's position underwent a major shift. The party now fully supports the Conservative position.
Article Continued Below
It is not a half-hearted embrace. On this issue, Duceppe is currently out-hawking Harper — venturing on rhetorical ground that the Conservative leader dares not tread. On Sunday, the Bloc leader compared the ISIS offensive to the rise of Nazi Germany. “Waving a white flag is not an option. Those who initially did in the face of Adolf Hitler did not last long,” he told Radio-Canada. Unlike Harper, he also believes Canada should not exclude joining allies such as France or Great Britain should they decide to take on the Islamic State in a ground war. Duceppe's support for the mission predates his return to politics. He came out for Canada's participation in airstrikes on ISIS positions in the Middle East in his Journal de Montréal blog last year.
At the time he also argued that anyone caught expressing sympathy for the ISIS cause should be placed under arrest. “In a war situation, anyone engaging in propaganda in favour of the enemy can be brought to justice and eventually condemned,” he wrote. Last fall's attacks at Parliament Hill and St.-Jean-sur-Richelieu and the murderous attack on Charlie Hebdo in Paris have resulted in a hardening of Quebec's traditionally pacifist public opinion, and Duceppe's writings reflect that evolution.
Article Continued Below
But his fighting words also reflect a significant change in the audience he is courting in this campaign. Over Duceppe's four-year absence from the scene, the Bloc has lost many of the constituencies that used to make up its left flank. For the first time in decades, Canada's largest trade union — the Fédération des Travailleurs du Québec — has declined to back the party. Instead, the FTQ is supporting the local candidates it feels are best placed to beat the Conservatives. That, for the most part, means the NDP. Many of the progressive voters who supported the Bloc in the past similarly feel that in this election seeking regime change is job one. The federal party's support for the Parti Québécois's secularism charter has also scorched quite a bit of earth for the sovereigntist party, in particular but not exclusively among Quebec's cultural communities. The voters Duceppe is most likely to woo are diehard pro-charter sovereigntists who take their cue from PQ leader Pierre-Karl Péladeau. But there is also a personal undertone to Duceppe's hawkish rhetoric. Since the campaign began, his heart has clearly been more in his attacks on Mulcair and the party that forced him into political retirement four years ago than in his denunciations of the Conservatives. As an aside, the Bloc's realignment on the anti-ISIS mission is hardly the only 180-degree turn of this long campaign. On Sunday, former prime minister Jean Chrétien slammed the NDP for its contention that Quebec's secession could be set in motion by a simple majority referendum vote. He claimed that the New Democrats would be poor keepers of Canada's unity. And yet it was not long ago that Chrétien was the top advocate of the Liberals joining forces with the NDP. That was some time after the party, under Jack Layton, had taken a stand against the Liberal Clarity act. Prior to Sunday's call to arms against the NDP's unity stance, Chrétien had dismissed suggestions that their difference on the central unity issue could be an impediment to a merger of the two parties. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Video
COMMERCE, Mich. — Mitt Romney, who has decried the nasty personal tone of the presidential campaign, seemed to make a joke about President Obama's birth certificate while speaking to voters here Friday, re-injecting the issue of the president's birthplace into the campaign.
“Now I love being home in this place where Ann and I were raised, where both of us were born,” Mr. Romney said, standing alongside his wife, Ann, and his running mate, Representative Paul D. Ryan. “Ann was born in Henry Ford Hospital. I was born in Harper Hospital. No one's ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know that this is the place that we were born and raised.”
Mr. Obama, who was born in Hawaii and shared his birth certificate with the national media, has long been dogged with “birther” rumors, from those who falsely question whether he was actually born in the United States.
Mr. Romney is a Michigan native — his father, George Romney, was the state's governor — and seemed to be speaking off the cuff. But his campaign quickly scrambled to walk back his comments, saying he was simply sharing his Michigan pride.
“The governor has always said, and has repeatedly said, he believes the president was born here in the United States,” said Kevin Madden, an adviser to Mr. Romney, who served as governor of Massachusetts. “He was only referencing that Michigan, where he is campaigning today, is the state where he himself was born and raised.”
Mr. Romney's comments, however, seemed a world away from his sentiment last week in Chillicothe, Ohio, when he criticized Mr. Obama, accusing him of running a negative campaign. He was responding, in part, to comments from Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who warned an audience in Virginia that the Romney/Ryan ticket would “put y'all back in chains.”
“His campaign and his surrogates have made wild and reckless accusations that disgrace the office of the presidency,” Mr. Romney said then of Mr. Obama. “Another outrageous charge came a few hours ago in Virginia. And the White House sinks a little a bit lower.”
In his introduction Thursday, Mr. Ryan, too, seemed to emphasize cultural differences with Mr. Obama, taking pains to include his exurban, nearly all-white audience at an orchard and farm here within a circle excluding the president.
“Remember about four years ago when he was talking to a bunch of donors in San Francisco and he said people in states like ours, we cling to our guns and our religion?” Mr. Ryan said, emphasizing the word “ours.” It was a reference to Mr. Romney's native Michigan and Mr. Ryan's Wisconsin, but also, it seemed, to differences based on religion and class.
“I just have one thing to say,” Mr. Ryan added. “This Catholic deer hunter is guilty as charged, and proud of it.”
Mr. Obama's campaign snapped to action, blasting out a critical statement just minutes after Mr. Romney made his comment, while voters were still streaming out of the event.
“Throughout this campaign, Governor Romney has embraced the most strident voices in his party instead of standing up to them,” said Ben LaBolt, a spokesman for Mr. Obama's campaign, in an e-mail statement. “It's one thing to give the stage in Tampa to Donald Trump, Sheriff Arpaio, and Kris Kobach. But Governor Romney's decision to directly enlist himself in the birther movement should give pause to any rational voter across America.”
Though several aides to Mr. Romney emphasized that he has previously stated his belief that the president was born in the United States, and was simply talking about his own local roots, Mr. Romney has long made a point of painting Mr. Obama as somebody who “takes his cues from the Social Democrats of Europe” and who just doesn't understand what makes this country great.
Some of Mr. Romney's team have previously gotten in trouble for seeming to question the president's roots. During the primaries, one of Mr. Romney's sons, Matt, was first to apologize after making a birther joke at a campaign stop. And on a conference call with reporters last month, John Sununu, a Romney surrogate and the former governor of New Hampshire, said, “I wish this president would learn how to be an American.”
Few voters in the crowd believed that Mr. Romney was simply talking about his Michigan roots.
“It was probably a contrast with Obama's birth certificate issue, and second, that he was born in Michigan,” said Daryl Pender, 56, who owns a small business in town. “We know the hospital where he was born. There's no doubt about where he was born.”
She added: “I can't say what's fair. But it wasn't relevant to what I wanted to know. I want to hear about his vision for the future.”
Sylvia Kaponi, 65, a retired Ford Motor employee from Livonia, Mich., said there was no doubt in her mind as to what Mr. Romney was referring to — and she thought it was “great.”
“He was talking about a contrast with the president, and being a hometown guy,” she said. “What I liked was that it was a mild way to touch on a touchy subject with no animosity.”
As Mr. Romney and Mr. Ryan campaign through the Rust Belt, they are especially focused on increasing Republicans' advantage with white working class voters.
Once a solid element of the Democratic base, the white working class voted for Republican presidential candidates in the past three elections. Republicans captured a House majority in 2010 with a 30-point landslide among this group, according to exit polls.
But one reason that might explain the Romney-Ryan emphasis on Mr. Obama's cultural differences, as well as ads that accuse the Obama administration for weakening welfare work rules, is that Mr. Romney so far appears not as strong among this group.
According to an NBC/The Wall Street Journal poll this week, Mr. Romney leads white working class voters by 13 points, similar to Senator John McCain's 12-point advantage in 2008. Because the white working class share of the electorate is declining as other demographic groups, including Hispanics, increase, Mr. Romney needs to improve on Mr. McCain's results.
Infighting. Ethnic cleansing. Civil war. Famine.
More than 1.6 million men, women and children have been driven from South Sudan, making it the fastest-growing refugee crisis in the world, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees announced earlier this year. Now a Washington–based coffee company is looking to lend a helping hand to those displaced by the unrest.
Founded in 2016, 734 Coffee launched with a mission to make “great coffee for the greater good” while helping to build brighter futures for the millions of displaced residents of South Sudan. Founder and executive director Manyang Kher, a former “Lost Boy” of Sudan, began the company as a way to help refugees help themselves and become more sustainable.
The Gambela region of Ethiopia is now home to over 200,000 displaced South Sudanese citizens, along with the coffee company's growing and harvesting sites. After being imported to the United States, 80 percent of all profits from coffee sales go right back to scholarships and educational programs for South Sudanese refugees.
“What does that mean in terms of impact? It means that every bag of coffee you purchase is one more day of school for 4 refugees,” the company's website reads. “Every cup you brew means one more hour of learning — one more hour to change a life. With 734 Coffee every morning, you're not just starting your day, you are starting a whole new future for a soul in need.”
But the good vibes don't end there.
734 Coffee is ethically sourced from a co-op of African-owned and operated farms, imported as fair-trade to support sustainable work for African farmers and, lastly, is roasted by local independent coffee roasters here in the United States, according to the company's website. The brew has also been graded Specialty, or “Grade A,” by the Specialty Coffee Association of America.
Seeing as coffee originated in Ethiopia, selling the brewing beans as a way to give back just made sense, marketing manager Akanadu Nwoso told Atlanta Black Star. In fact, the coffee company's name references the geographical coordinates for the country's Gambela region: 7˚N 34˚E.
We asked ourselves “how can we do more?” Nwoso said. “We realized that maybe a better investment would be investing into the people … thereby, we just wanted to become more sustainable as an organization.”
Nwoso added that 734 Coffee also seeks to accomplish three things: raise awareness about the refugee crisis; promote economic vitality in the Gambela region by providing money to local farmers, thus incentivizing them to hire refugees; and, most important, provide funds to support educational initiatives. Through its profits, the recently started coffee company has been able to sponsor four students' educations so far. Nwoso says this is just the beginning, however.
“We just don't want to educate and leave,” he explained. “We want to provide a platform and … grow with them. So if one of the scholars comes back and says, ‘I have an idea,' … we can be a source for advice, a source for funding, and a source for direction.”
The coffee company is part of a larger initiative also launched by Kher called the Humanity Helping Sudan Project.The unique project currently offers on-the-ground programs across the Gambela region, providing agricultural aid, community gardens and education programs to nearly 40,000 displaced citizens. Like them, Kher spent 13 years in a refugee camp after becoming one of the thousands of “lost boys” left orphaned by the nation's civil war at just 3 years old. He finally got the chance to immigrate to the United States when he turned 17, after which he threw himself into his studies and started the project to help those who were not as fortunate to have escaped the camps.
Nwoso described his friend as “passionate” and someone who doesn't forget people, especially those still struggling back home.
With coffee in mind, the HHS project is now working to expand its efforts across the nation. Nwoso said 734 Coffee is currently in talks with Whole Foods Market and has plans to get into other health food stores. Forming key partnerships with grocers who want to help the cause is also key, he added.
Citing a lack of diversity in the coffee industry as part of the reason behind its ambitious expansion efforts, the marketing manager said the company wants to move as fast as it can while keeping its purpose in mind. He noted that while the majority of the world's coffee comes from predominately Black nations like Ethiopia and Brazil, there are very few people of color in positions of power within the industry.
Phyllis Johnson, co-founder and CEO of coffee company BD Imports, knows this first hand. Speaking to Sprudge.com earlier this year, Johnson said race is an issue that affects coffee across both the supply and demand chains.
“Coffee's been and unfortunately in some ways still is a vehicle for racism and unbalanced and inequitable relationships throughout the supply chain,” she told the coffee culture website. “We can't glamorize altitude, varietals, and all the new inventions without addressing the history and its present effects of this product. To look at the heaviness of [racism] and try to untangle some of it, that's where the real work and the real value is.”
Johnson also highlighted the lack of diversity in the ownership of local cafes, adding that gentrification also doesn't help bring more Black and Brown faces into coffee houses.
Nwoso echoed these same sentiments, stressing the need to help diversify the industry. For him, it was the election of Barack Obama as the first Black president of the U.S. that made him realize how far a nonwhite person could make it in America and the world.
“When you see more people [of color] in different industries, you know that the next generation is going to be inspired … [they'll think] ‘If they can do it, then I have that possibility too,' ” he said.
Going forward, the 734 Coffee company says it has plans to expand in the near future. The unique beans, known for their chocolatey, floral flavors, are currently sold online and in the Washington and Richmond areas.
The company's ultimate goal? To give back and empower the refugees of South Sudan.
“At the end of the day, a community is dependent on us succeeding,” Nwoso said. “We just want to make sure we can fulfill our mission of helping refugees become sustainable.”
Whenever the term “artificial intelligence” is mentioned, the first thought that comes to any layman's mind is that it is the technology which helps develop robots. Major Hollywood movies have given a superficial impression about the technological subject. But artificial intelligence is a much broader concept that the regular notion of it. If we talk about it in the literal sense, the term artificial intelligence stands for the simulation of human intelligence processed by machines, mainly computer systems. The major processes under this simulation are reasoning, learning, and self-correction. These processes are later elaborated with reference to the needs of technology.
The term ‘artificial intelligence' was first coined by an American computer scientist John McCarthy in 1956 during the Dartmouth Conference. With the passage of time, this term covers a huge number of fields of technology and not only robotics. Artificial intelligence attained its prominence as it helps in increasing the size, speed, and variety of the big data collected and can also perform various functions related to it. This is because managing statistical data on a large scale can be an extremely time-consuming process for the humans. But with the help of artificial intelligence, it can perform complicated tasks like the identification of patterns in the data in a quicker and more efficient manner than humans, which helps the businesses in gaining better insight into their data which made it the preferable choice.
The learning of artificial intelligence is made for exploring intelligence and how does it connect to technology and engineering. With the use of human intelligence in terms of technology, engineers come up with different theories which come under the broad concept of artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence can be said to be at the root of a majority of the technological developments taking place currently. It plays an integral part in almost all fields of life.
Chinese government promoting AI development
China has rightly recognized the significance of artificial intelligence and hence is concentrating on maintaining rapidity in its advancement. The Chinese development has contributed a share of its overall investment in the scientific research which takes place at universities. Not only this, but in the past decade on an average in every year, the government has doubled up its expenditure on the field of research in technology. According to the Five-Year Plan declared by the government, the funding of science and technology research will continue to be a major priority. This initiative is termed as the ‘China Brain Plan' under which researchers try to enhance the similarities in the understanding of the human and artificial intelligence.
The country also installed a three-year implementation plan for artificial intelligence called the Internet Plus and Artificial Intelligence program from 2016 to 2018. This program mainly emphasizes the development and expansive application of artificial intelligence. This technology will later be contextualized as a national strategy which might turn up to be useful in the civil-military integration. This signifies that the everyday civil technologies will eventually inculcate in the military context as well. With this type of strategy, the boundaries between military and civilian research in terms of technology might get blur.
Apart from this, even the prominent tech companies of China are making sure that they develop themselves in the field of artificial intelligence. This is as the companies believe that progress in artificial intelligence holds a lot of scope for them from the business perspective. It has the potential to come up with a number of transformative technologies in the decades to come. Scientists and researchers are already busy exploring this potential in the form of innovative gadgets like autonomous cars and facial recognition software. Andrew Ng who is the chief scientist at Baidu, China's leading search engine says that it is almost impossible that a certain field cannot transform with the help of artificial intelligence. It has the ability to help various fields of life develop in the way needed. Not only this, but well-established Chinese tech companies are promoting research in AI by sponsoring scholarships for students working in reputed technological labs.
Will China overpower the U.S. in terms of AI?
There was a time when the U.S. claimed to have a strategic monopoly in the artificial intelligence technology due to which other countries steered clear of it because of the threat of hi-tech warfare. But recent reports suggest that the rapid growth of AI in China might lead to helping the country overpower U.S. in terms of AI. This has become a major challenge for the U.S. as it had assumed its continued superiority in the technologies like robotics and artificial intelligence but due to the advent of China in the given fields, the U.S. will have to update its military strategies. China's advancement in AI is considered to be a hidden military threat for the U.S.
Keeping aside the military uses of artificial intelligence, even in general it seems that China will soon overtake the development of AI in the U.S. According to a study by the National Institute of Science and Technology Policy in Japan, China is very closely second to the U.S. in the number of AI studies which were presented at top academic global conferences in the year of 2015. The number of papers which were published by Chinese researchers in regard to deep learning of the subject exceeds the number of papers published by the U.S. researchers, according to a U.S. government report.
Despite all this, a significant difference between the developments of both the countries in the field of AI is that U.S. excels in quality whereas China provides more quantity. As reports suggest, the quantity of AI research carried out in China has grown dramatically over the years but even today the U.S. researchers are responsible for most of the fundamental theories of AI based on which other research is carried out.
But when it comes to putting these theories to practice, the Chinese companies adapt these scientific ideologies very quickly and implement them in their work. This is why in China the velocity of work is way faster than the velocity in most of the Silicon Valley.
Why does China lead in AI?
There are a number of factors behind the growth spurt of China in the field of artificial intelligence. The researchers here are already well-read in the respective field and focus their research on the same. This is why 43 percent of the best academic papers have been written by a Chinese, irrespective of where the research was carried out. The people here excel in mathematics, science training, and engineering which comes in handy for the study of artificial intelligence.
It is a known fact that the business industry of China is mainly dominated by traditional industries. Even though these industries are not as technologically advanced as the industries of the west, they have the finance and the data to inculcate technology in their industry and also show the inclination towards it. On the contrary, China has one of the largest internet markets in the entire world with more than 800 million users and several online companies. These companies can be further developed with the help of AI.
China is known to excel in whatever it strives to do. The same is the case with artificial intelligence. As the country is more open to experimentation and research-based solutions, it accepts as well as promotes all kinds of innovative ideas which serve as a driving factor for the intelligent minds to work harder in the given field.
Imagine a group of superheroes, each with their own special power, traveling around on wild, improbable adventures. There is the guy who can fly, another with super strength and yet another fellow with a secret, unbeatable weapon. And of course there is also the captain of the team, usually an “all around good guy” who's almost an everyman… if it wasn't for his quick-witted thinking and problem-solving.
This is the Argonauts, a fantastic ancient Greek gang, complete with a cool name and trusty boat to speed them on their way.
Their mission? To help Jason take his rightful place as king. To accomplish this quest, however, the band of heroes must fetch the golden fleece…. which is hung from a tree in the grove of the Colchian Ares, guarded night and day by a dragon that never sleeps.
Back up a minute.. you might say. A golden fleece? A displaced price? A fire breathing dragon? How did this all happen in the first place? How did our greek myth get to this fantastic junction point, filled with monsters, martyrs and missions?
It began, like many great stories, with a power struggle. Not pleased at being second to the throne, our stereotypical baddie, Pelias , killed his half-brother and rightful king, Aeson. Not only that, Pelias murdered all of Aeson's descendents to be rid of his competition.
After the familial slaughtering, Pelias was still worried that one day he would be overthrown. He consulted with an oracle to be certain and was dismayed at the news: Be wary of the man with one sandal.
Unfortunately for Pelias, the oracle was right. Aeson's infant son, Jason, miraculously survived.
When the executions began, Jason's mother ordered the women to cluster around the baby and cry as if he was still-born. Thus they successfully deceived the wrathful uncle that he was not alive. Afterwards she sent Jason away to be educated with the centaur Chiron , knowing his life would be in danger if Pelias found out the truth.
Jason grew up to be a strong, capable man who was determined to return to his hometown and take back his rightful throne.
One day Pelias decided to throw a few games in honor of his alleged father, the god Poseidon. This was the perfect opportunity for Jason to visit. On the way, he crossed a river to help an old woman (who, fantastically enough, was the goddess Hera) and he lost his shoe. When Jason was announced as the man with one sandal, the fearful uncle knew the time had come. Pelias could not kill his nephew, however, in front of all the gathered kings and spectators, so he sent Jason on a misson, one he thought was impossible to accomplish…
He told Jason this: “To take my throne, which you shall, you must go on a quest to find the Golden Fleece.” Jason happily accepted.
Jason then assembled his super team of monsters vanquishing men, and embarked in their famous ship, the Argo. Their first stop? The island of Lemnos, known for the foul smelling, men-killing women who inhabit the place.
And so, the myth of Jason and the Argonauts began…
no
• Submissions done in's template (found here ) are only accepted. Don't forget to add your name to your work.• Images used canbe from the DC Universe (comics, animation, etc.),. (Changes may be made in the future.)• Submit remixes as, click the pull down menu in the submission box and select “submit a photo”.• Manipulate images to your liking—get as abstract or “artistic” as you please.• Text can range from a variety of different things—quotes, lyrics, movies,. Go wild; it doesn't have to make sense.• You must have a minimum of one word in your remix.• Keep things reasonable, stray from anythingoffensive. Absolutelycharacter bashing.• Have fun, be creative, be random, just do what you feel is right.: Currently looking for affiliates and members to join in asand/or. Leave a message expressing your interest and submit a remix if willing or capable. If interested in affiliation, please submit a link to your blog. Blogs must either be related to theorpersonal advertisement.
A breathalyzer is used to measure a driver's blood-alcohol content. Arizona is a zero-tolerance state for driving under the influence, or DUI, meaning you can be arrested with a blood-alcohol content of less than the legal limit of 0.08. Penalties for a conviction can include jail time, fines, screening and counseling, Arizona driver's license suspension and revocation, community service and using a vehicle interlock device. (Photo: David Wallace/The Republic)
Arizona is a no-tolerance state for driving under the influence, or DUI, meaning you can be arrested with a blood-alcohol content of less than the legal limit of 0.08 percent.
There are three types of DUIs, each taking into account blood-alcohol content and other factors, including a previous conviction, whether any minors were in the vehicle, etc. The more serious the DUI, the more you can expect to pay.
Here's a look at the penalties under state law.
Standard DUI, 0.08+, first offense
Jail: 10 days.
Fines: About $1,500, plus jail costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: 90-day suspension or one-year revocation.
Interlock device on vehicle: 12 months.
Community service: N/A.
Standard DUI, 0.08+, second offense
Jail: 90 days; home detention eligible (after six days).
Fines: About $3,500, plus jail/home detention costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: One-year revocation.
Interlock: 12 months.
Community service: 30 hours.
Extreme DUI: 0.15+, first offense
Jail: 30 days; home detention eligible (after two days).
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Fines: About $2,780, plus jail/home detention costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: 90-day suspension.
Interlock: 12 months.
Community service: N/A.
Extreme DUI: 0.15+, second offense
Jail: 120 days; home detention eligible (after 24 days).
Fines: About $3,740, plus jail/home detention costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: One-year revocation.
Interlock: 12 months.
Community service: 30 hours.
Super Extreme DUI: 0.20+, first offense
Jail: 45 days; home detention eligible (after 3 days).
Fines: About $3,240, plus jail/home detention costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: 90-day suspension.
Interlock: 18 months.
Community service: N/A.
Super Extreme DUI: 0.20+, second offense
Jail: 180 days; home detention eligible (after 36 days).
Fines: About $4,650, plus jail/home detention costs and $80 monitoring fee.
Screening and counseling required: Yes.
Driver's license suspension: One-year revocation.
Interlock: 24 months.
Community service: 30 months.
Source: Ian M. Wyer/Lorona Mead law firm.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1Spfado
Yesteryear Bollywood actress Mala Sinha says she would have loved to be a heroine in present times as the film industry has taken a huge leap technologically since her days.
The 76-year-old actress ruled the marquee in the 50s and 60s with her disarming smile, charm and performances.
"I think the change (in the film industry) is for good. In our times film making process was slow. Today technology has improved a lot. I wish Mala would have been heroine of today's times then it would have been fun. We would have all used to get to jump and fly and do lots of other things," said Mala Sinha at the press conference of Dadasaheb Phalke Academy Awards.
Another reason why Mala Sinha wants to be a part of the industry today are the awards.
"I see awards on TV, every week there is some award function happening. We used to get award rarely.. We used to wait to get Filmfare award. But today there are so many awards.. I wish I was heroine today and you all would see me getting award on every channel," she said.
The veteran worked in Hindi, Bengali and Nepali films. Recognised for her talent and beauty, she went on to become a popular leading actress in Hindi films from the early 1950s until the late 1970s.
Sinha has starred in over a hundred films including Pyaasa (1957), Dhool Ka Phool (1959), Dil Tera Deewana (1962), Gumrah (1963), Himalaya Ki God Mein (1965), Aankhen (1968) and others.
She feels fortunate and lucky to be part of the industry which welcomed her with open arms.
"If film industry had not been there then we all artists also wouldn't be here. This film industry is God to us... It gave us name, fame, love of audience. I feel my talent wouldn't have come out if this film industry did not exist," she added.
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Madagascar, Polynesia and colonisation against the flow
What the colonisation of Polynesia says about open ocean colonisations and particularly what it suggests about the Madagascar colonisation by South-east Asians.
The Polynesian sailors who colonised the islands of the Pacific from 1000BC onward didn't just have huge distances to tackle as they journeyed east. They were also sailing against both the ocean currents and the wind. This seems daft. Why not go the other way? But in Geoffrey Irwin's 1992 book ‘The Prehistoric Exploration and Colonisation of the Pacific' he shows why this is a good strategy. I'll explain.
Rules of cycling for the lazy
As a bit of a pedal cyclist, I sometimes like to take a day trip out from Swindon to one of the nearby towns, such as Devizes or Marlborough, some 15 to 20 miles away. Generally, I find it's best to pick a day when the wind is against you on the outward journey.
Although this is hard work, the cycle home is relatively straightforward due to my being blown home by the wind. Or if I find I'm tired on the way out I can just give up, turn round and catch the wind home again
Two Polynesian scenarios
It must have been similar with those Polynesian sailors, hoping to find yet another island out there. On setting out they must have been at their peak of fitness , boats packed with breadfruit, animals and any other provisions. Perhaps waiting for a lull in the wind, they would set off, rowing or tacking their way out toward a rolling eastern horizon full of promise.
Days or even weeks of working their way steadily east would take their toll on the sailors. Short of food and energy, they would be desperately hoping to sight land. But if no land appeared it was time to cut their losses. The boat would be turned around and guided into the strong ocean currents. The sails would be unfurled to catch the wind. It was the nearest they were going to get to a free ride home.
But play the scenario in reverse, with the boats starting out westward, and you have a potentially disastrous story. The sailors would journey comfortably west for hundreds or thousands of miles. However, after weeks at sea, with supplies low and no island sited, the crew would reluctantly turn the boat around and start to head home… and into the teeth of the wind. They would never be seen again.
Europeans finding America
This is not just true for Polynesian sailors, however. Before the advent, in late medieval Europe, of fast ships such as caravels and carracks, which could sail close to the wind and, in the case of the carrack, had massive storage space, everyone in the world would have been governed by the same practical rules.
To take one example, ancient Britons, as far as anyone can tell, did not invade or colonise Norway and Denmark, yet the wind was generally with them. Conversely there is plenty of evidence, both historically and genetically, for the repeated colonisation of Britain by peoples from Norway and Denmark, people who often had to fight the prevailing westerly winds all the way.
This example can be extended further. The first European people to reach the Americas were, again, Norse sailors. This they did against the prevailing north Atlantic westerlies, setting up bases wherever they could along the way. But Iberian sailors, who should have simply been able to catch the north-easterly trade winds to reach the Americas, apparently did not until Columbus' crew reached central America in caravels and a carrack.
I say believed because it is just possible that some Iberians may have reached America before Columbus' crews. However, we would never know because none ever came back. This is because on the return journey they would have faced fierce winds and there would have been few places to stop.
The colonisation of Madagascar
I believe all this has interesting implications for another great story, the colonisation of the island of Madagascar, off the East African coast, by speakers of a Malay language from south-east Asia (probably Borneo). To this day, the people of Madagascar speak a Malay language, Malagasy.
Archaeological, linguistic and genetic evidence from Madagascar implies that people, who we'll call ‘Malays', first reached Madagascar only during the mid first millennium AD (perhaps as early as the first century AD but with significant expansion around 800 AD). Linguistic evidence also indicates that they had lost contact with their homelands by the thirteenth century at latest.
This colonisation is sometimes presented in books as a simple case of the Malay sailors getting into their boats, unfurling their sails and catching the ocean currents and winds across the Indian Ocean straight to Madagascar. There, so the story goes, the sailors, stranded by unfavourable winds, ended up their days isolated from their South-east Asian homeland.
The Polynesian alternative
But the Polynesian experience suggests that the scenario above is unlikely. Far more likely is that these Malay sailors fought their way, against the wind, to India then continued on, using the switching monsoon winds, to the horn of Africa and southward to Madagascar.
This kind of journey, like that of the Polynesian sailors, is more likely to be the work of several generations. There would need to have been settlements of Malays along the way, in southern India, in southern Arabia perhaps, on the Horn of Africa and along Africa's east coast.
In this scenario, those same Madagascar colonisers would be able to get home to Borneo by letting the wind take them back along the same routes they fought their way out along. This has all the hallmarks of the later Indian Ocean trading patterns of the Muslim world.
However, no archaeological evidence of these Malay colonising settlements has so far turned up around the margins of the Indian Ocean. In fact there is no current genetic evidence and little linguistic evidence either. So if Malays did set up settlements around the Indian Ocean these settlements have utterly vanished now.
Additionally, the absence of towns and the poor quality of pottery produced by the early settlers to Madagascar indicates that they themselves were not part of any ocean-wide trading system. So perhaps the Polynesian method is wrong.
But what about bananas?
But there are small shreds of evidence for the colonisation of East Africa and South India by South-east Asians. Bananas, yams and other crops of South-east Asian origin are widespread in tropical Africa and southern India today and have long been thought to have arrived before European influence.
Banana remains (phytoliths) from Nkang, Cameroon in West Africa, dated to the mid first millennium BC, indicate some south-east Asian interaction with coastal East Africa dating back to perhaps 1000 BC. Other evidence from Uganda even pushes back the dates of introduction to before 3000 BC and there is unconfirmed evidence taking the cultivation of bananas in the Harappan civilisation of Pakistan to between 2000 and 3000 BC.
So perhaps ‘Malay' sailors arrival on Madagascar in the first millennium AD was the final, and rather ignominious end to well over a thousand years of involvement of South-east Asians in Indian Ocean colonisation and trade.
Maybe the fact that the Malagasy language seems to have been cut off from other Malay languages in the first millennium was because that was indeed when they were cut off, effectively when all the other ‘Malay' colonisers around the fringe of the Indian Ocean packed their bags and went home. If such a story is real it's largely lost to history.
References
Fuller, D.Q. and Madella, M. 2009 Banana Cultivation in South Asia and East Asia: A review of the evidence from archaeology and linguistics. Ethnobotany 7, 333-351.
Irwin, G. 1992 The Prehistoric Exploration and Colonisation of the Pacific. Cambridge, pp260.
Lejjua, B.J., Robertshaw, P., Taylor, D. 2006 Africa's earliest bananas? Journal of Archaeological Science 33, 102-113.
Mbida, Ch. et. al. 2006 Phytolith Evidence for the Early Presence of Domesticated Banana (Musa) in Africa, 68-81 in Zeder, M. A. 2006 Documenting domestication: new genetic and archaeological paradigms, California, pp375.
Mitchell, P. 2005 African Connections: Archaeological Perspectives on Africa and the Wider World, AltaMira, pp307.
Photo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/santos/ / CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
Additional References
Gunn, B.F., Baudouin, L. & Olsen, K.M. 2011 Independent Origins of Cultivated Coconut (Cocos nucifera L.) in the Old World Tropics, PLoS One (online)
Provides an interesting and persuasive counter to the argument above, based on the occurrence of Pacific Ocean coconut genetics in Madagascar. If the post above was right, the genetics of the coconuts would more likely be Indian Ocean-type, as they are for East Africa. However, the claim in the paper that the trade route had to be south of the Seychelles, rather than through it, doesn't consider the possibility that the trade route went completely west of the Seychelles. One to think about, I suspect.
unread reference for future checking
Allibert, C. 2008 Austronesian migration and the establishment of the Malagasy civilisation: Contrasted readings in linguistics, archaeology, genetics and cultural anthropology, Diogenes55 p7-16.
Harry Potter vs Star Wars: Adelaide filmmaker wins national online video award for YouTube hit
Updated
Adelaide filmmaker Danny Philippou will fly to YouTube headquarters in Los Angeles after winning the top prize at the inaugural Australian Online Video Awards for YouTube hit Harry Potter vs Star Wars.
The three-minute video has already had more than 11 million views and took out the top prize at the awards in Melbourne earlier this week.
As part of his prize Philippou, 21, will fly to YouTube's Creator Space in Los Angeles to learn from world leaders in online video production and marketing.
"[I am] completely overwhelmed," Philippou said.
"We didn't even realise we were nominated for the best overall category. So shocked to say the least."
The video was filmed in Adelaide at Philippou's home and cost less than $200 to put together.
"The most expensive part of the whole video was the toy lightsabers and the wand," Philippou said.
"They were some pretty big budget props, around $20 each.
"We did end up shattering some tiles on our roof for one of the scenes, some jedis just can't handle their weight but it was all worth it."
Philippou worked on the video with his twin brother Michael and a friend, who was visiting from Sydney.
He said it took just two days to film and another five days to edit.
"We had a friend down from Sydney and wanted to kill some time," Philippou said.
"It was literally just for fun."
Brothers gain international attention
The video was posted on YouTube in April and soon went viral - even garnering the attention of Star Trek actor George Takei.
While Philippou is still unsure of when he will be claiming his prize, he said he hopes he can use the trip to meet with industry professionals who have expressed interest in his work.
"The trip would be insane, hopefully we can line up some cool collaborations and finally get to see that Hollywood sign in the flesh," he said.
"We can also meet all the people and companies that have reached out over the last few months."
Harry Potter vs Star Wars is not the only video to bring success to the local filmmaker.
Philippou, along with his crew RackaRacka which includes brother Michael, has a number of online videos that have also gained international attention including How Batman Broke His Leg, which featured on American talk shows Conan and Jimmy Kimmel Live.
"A lot of our stuff is all over the place," Philippou said.
Earlier this year the Philippou brothers also worked on a more serious short film, which recently won the best directors category at the South Australian Screen Awards.
The film, Deluge, is about a 12-year-old boy called Briggs who is last in the line of kids to be sacrificed in a ritualistic drowning.
"Deluge is the complete opposite of our YouTube stuff, it's very dark," Philippou said.
Childhood adventures lead to film career
Growing up in Adelaide, Philippou said he and his twin brother had an adventurous childhood, which is what led them into the filming industry.
"We've been making films since before our teens," he said.
"We had a pretty adventurous childhood and managed to capture a lot of it on camera.
"We always wanted to be directors, the dream is slowly coming to fruition."
The twins' crazy childhood antics also made international headlines this year with MTV taking a close look at their home videos.
While the twins have had quite a bit of success with their online videos, they do hope they can remain in Adelaide while pursuing their career.
"It would be cool to stay based in Adelaide but fly out for work when the opportunity arises, but it just depends," Philippou said.
"We do have management in the states so the pressure to move is already weighing down on us. Let's see if we cave."
Philippou said there were a few new projects in the works, including more YouTube videos as well as some "bigger stuff" that producers have expressed their interest in.
"So we'll just have to wait and see what next year brings," Philippou said.
Topics: awards-and-prizes, human-interest, arts-and-entertainment, adelaide-5000, sa, australia
First posted
A nuzzled of the neck, a stroke of the wrist, a brush of the knee -- these caresses often signal a loving touch, but can also feel highly aversive, depending on who is delivering the touch, and to whom. Interested in how the brain makes connections between touch and emotion, neuroscientists at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) have discovered that the association begins in the brain's primary somatosensory cortex, a region that, until now, was thought only to respond to basic touch, not to its emotional quality.
The new finding is described in this week's issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
The team measured brain activation while self-identified heterosexual male subjects lay in a functional MRI scanner and were each caressed on the leg under two different conditions. In the first condition, they saw a video of an attractive female bending down to caress them; in the second, they saw a video of a masculine man doing the same thing. The men reported the experience as pleasurable when they thought the touch came from the woman, and aversive when they thought it came from the man. And their brains backed them up: this difference in experience was reflected in the activity measured in each man's primary somatosensory cortex.
"We demonstrated for the first time that the primary somatosensory cortex -- the brain region encoding basic touch properties such as how rough or smooth an object is -- also is sensitive to the social meaning of a touch," explains Michael Spezio, a visiting associate at Caltech who is also an assistant professor of psychology at Scripps College in Claremont, California. "It was generally thought that there are separate brain pathways for how we process the physical aspects of touch on the skin and for how we interpret that touch emotionally -- that is, whether we feel it as pleasant, unpleasant, desired, or repulsive. Our study shows that, to the contrary, emotion is involved at the primary stages of social touch."
Unbeknownst to the subjects, the actual touches on their leg were always exactly the same -- and always from a woman. Yet, it felt different to them when they believed a man versus a woman was doing the touching.
"The primary somatosensory cortex responded more to the 'female' touch than to the 'male' touch condition, even while subjects were only viewing a video showing a person approach their leg," says Ralph Adolphs, Bren Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience at Caltech and director of the Caltech Brain Imaging Center, where the research was done. "We see responses in a part of the brain thought to process only basic touch that were elicited entirely by the emotional significance of social touch prior to the touch itself, simply in anticipation of the caress that our participants would receive."
The study was carried out in collaboration with the husband-and-wife team of Valeria Gazzola and Christian Keysers, who were visiting Caltech from the University of Groningen in the Netherlands.
"Intuitively, we all believe that when we are touched by someone, we first objectively perceive the physical properties of the touch -- its speed, its gentleness, the roughness of the skin," says Gazzola. "Only thereafter, in a separable second step based on who touched us, do we believe we value this touch more or less."
The experiment showed that this two-step vision is incorrect, at least in terms of separation between brain regions, she says, and who we believe is touching us distorts even the supposedly objective representation of what the touch was like on the skin.
"Nothing in our brain is truly objective," adds Keysers. "Our perception is deeply and pervasively shaped by how we feel about the things we perceive."
One possible practical implication of the work is to help reshape social responses to touch in people with autism.
"Now that we have clear evidence that primary somatosensory cortex encodes emotional significance of touch, it may be possible to work with early sensory pathways to help children with autism respond more positively to the gentle touch of their parents and siblings," says Spezio.
The work also suggests that it may be possible to use film clips or virtual reality to reestablish positive responses to gentle touch in victims of sexual and physical abuse, and torture.
Next, the researchers hope to test whether the effect is as robust in women as in men, and in both sexes across sexual orientation. They also plan to explore how these sensory pathways might develop in infants or children.
3DMark 11
We're going to start the graphics benchmarks with the synthetic 3DMark test. The latest version, 3DMark 11, is still very GPU dependent. However, it does include a CPU Physics test and a combined graphics/physics test for simulating those types of loads. We'll use the overall score with the three subtests to see if we can find any areas where memory performance makes a noticeable difference.
The overall score, which is heavily based on the graphics tests, shows a mere ~1% change across the board. When you get to the graphics test, you can see that the faster memory makes absolutely no difference at all. It's not until we get to the physics test where we see some improvement from increasing the memory speed. We get performance boost of up to 11% when going from DDR3-133 to DDR3-2133. The combined test entails the rendering of a 3D scene with the GPU while performing physics tasks on the CPU. Here again, were see a very small 2% increase in performance from the slowest to the fastest.
Crysis and Metro 2033
Based on 3DMark 11, then, we'd expect most games to show very little improvement from upgrading your memory, but we ran several gaming benchmarks just to be sure. I decided to combine the analysis for Crysis: Warhead and Metro 2033 due to the virtually non-existent differences observed during these tests. Crysis: Warhead was the previous king of the hill when it came to bringing video cards to their knees. The newer kid on the block, Metro 2033, has somewhat taken over that throne. Just how do they react to the various memory configurations we're testing today?
It's worth noting that the settings used here are the settings that I would actually play these games at: 1920x1080 with most of the high quality features enabled. Frame rates are well above 30, so definitely playable, though they're below 60 so some would say they're not perfectly smooth. Regardless, unless you play at settings where your GPU isn't the primary bottleneck, you should see similar scaling from memory performance.
The results weren't very stimulating, were they? Just as expected, gaming with faster memory just doesn't make any notable difference. I could have potentially lowered the resolution and settings in an attempt to produce some sort of difference, but I felt that testing these games at the settings they're most likely to be played at was far more enlightening. If you want better gaming performance, the GPU is the best component to upgrade—no news there.
In seven months, many Albertans will start paying the carbon tax. Buy gas for your car, fill up your propane tank, or turn on the natural gas furnace and it'll cost a little more.
Carbon pricing systems are supposed to include just about every person and every business to create buy-in throughout the province and make sure everyone has an incentive to reduce emissions.
I would exempt no one. For political buy-in reasons, you want everyone in this together. - Chris Ragan, Ecofiscal Commission
Airlines burn fossil fuels just like most of us do with cars, trucks and boats. However, they have soared right over the carbon tax, largely avoiding the full force of the new program.
Only flights that depart and arrive in Alberta (such as Calgary to Edmonton) will be included.
Such an exclusion from a carbon price is a mistake, according to Chris Ragan, with the Ecofiscal Commission and a professor at McGill University.
"I would exempt no one. For political buy-in reasons, you want everyone in this together," said Ragan.
He'd rather have an economy-wide carbon price, but provide cash rebates to those groups of people and businesses that are unfairly affected, such as low-income households and industries that have competition in jurisdictions without a carbon price.
That way, he suggests, there is incentive for all parties to reduce their emissions, whether it's an airline or a taxi company.
"You reduce emissions, but you keep the businesses in the province."
Airline protest
Airlines around the world have fought carbon pricing, even taking legal action in the EU.
They are mobile operations and can move their business where they want.
It's not a good sign from Alberta to be going down this path, at all. - Robert Kokonis, airline analyst
The carbon tax will add about $2.25 to the cost of a round trip between Calgary and Edmonton in 2017, and about $3.40 in 2018, according to analyst Robert Kokonis. (Kyle Bakx/CBC) In Canada, the competitiveness issue is valid. An airline flying from Calgary to Vancouver could be at a disadvantage from other airlines that are buying their fuel elsewhere.
Airline costs keep climbing
Giving the airline industry a pass with the carbon tax is a smart move, says aviation analyst Robert Kokonis, since airlines already face too many taxes, which increases costs for passengers.
"It's the sum of all the fees and charges. It becomes a significant amount of additional money for consumers," said Kokonis, the founder of AirTrav Inc.
"The danger is now Alberta has put on a carbon tax, as has B.C. Maybe Quebec or Ontario will be next to follow suit. Ontario has already increased massively the size of our provincial tax on airline kerosene from where it was for years at about 2.7 cents to about five or six cents per litre."
He estimates the carbon tax will add about $2.25 round trip between Calgary and Edmonton in 2017, and about $3.40 in 2018 when the tax rises from 5.17 to 7.75 cents a litre.
"It's not a good sign from Alberta to be going down this path, at all," said Kokonis.
If a carbon tax was applied to all flights departing the province, he estimates flying from Calgary to Tokyo in 2018 would cost an extra $30.
Linking carbon taxes
While Alberta's new carbon tax won't have much of an effect on the aviation industry at first, that could change in the future.
Alberta and B.C. will have similar carbon pricing systems by 2018 and could link their programs so any flights between the two provinces would be subject to the tax.
"You could actually expand this region that you apply the carbon price to airlines," said Ragan. "All airlines on that route would be facing the same costs, you wouldn't be competitively disadvantaging anybody."
This type of partnership between provinces could become commonplace in a few years as more and more provinces introduce carbon pricing.
SEMICON West - EUV Readiness Update
Figure 1. EUV throughput trend.
Figure 2. EUV LER before and after smoothing.
Figure 3. Pellicle progress.
At the imec technology forum held at SEMICON West, Martin Van Den Brink, President and CTO of ASML presented on the latest developments on EUV. I also had an opportunity to sit down with Mike Lercel, ASML Director of Strategic Marketing for an interview.ASML acquired Cymer to tie together the development teams and accelerate increases in EUV source power. Since the acquisition EUV source power has come up by 10x and six weeks before the show ASML showed 250-watts at the San Diego factory. 250-watt capability will ship out to customers later this year. For several years achieving 250-watts has been the single biggest EUV roadblock and ASML has now met this goal. Figure 1. presents the EUV throughput trend over time.EUV with >100 wafers per hour (wph) is now shipping and the specification for the NXE3400B is 125 wph at 20mJ/cm2. ASML is on track to meet the 125 wph specification and they think they can go above 125 wph next year. For the first time, ASML is meeting all the specifications for EUV!Another key EUV issue is line edge roughness (LER). 125 wph at 20mJ/cmis only useful if it comes with acceptable LER. To-date much higher doses have been required to achieve acceptable LER. At the imec technology forum An Steegen presented a slide showing a 32nm pitch printed with ~21 mJ/cm. The LER as printed was >5nm but after smoothing techniques were applied 2.4nm was achieved, see figure 2. Smaller pitches and dense contacts were also achieved although the dose for those was >30mJ/cm2.Multiple pellicles had been fabricated with zero printed defects, see figure 3. Pellicles transmit approximately 80% of the incident energy and ASML has tested the current pellicle up to 140 watts. With hydrogen cooling ASML believes the pellicle will support 250 watts.At SEMICON West last year, worldwide EUV systems had exposed 600 thousand wafers, this year over 1.2 million wafers have been exposed with good pattern fidelity.EUV is expected to provide lower cost versus complex multi-pattering schemes, at 7nm reduced process complexity is expected to provide better yield, EUV shows lower process variation versus multi-patterning for 7nm and the reduction in extra multi-patterning related processing will result in shorter cycle time and enable faster time-to-market. Last year in an interview I did with Gary Patton, CTO of Global Foundries he told me they were using EUV for non-transistor levels during their 7nm development to speed up the development process.ASML has introduced a new NXT2000 immersion system providing matched overlay with EUV for 7nm, 6nm and 5nm production. The NXT2000 matches immersion to EUV for multi-patterning with EUV cuts. ASML expects that when EUV starts shipping for production, immersions systems will continue to ship and the two will need to work in concert. The latest alignment and leveling sensors are functionally the same on the EUV and immersion systems.ASML expects to ship 12 or 13 EUV systems this year and around 20 systems in 2018.After many years of research and development EUV is now on the cusp of entering production. TSMC and Global Foundries are both introducing 7nm processes based on immersion lithography but they are also developing follow-on improved 7nm process to take advantage of EUV. Samsung has bene the most aggressive in EUV adoption and their initial 7nm process will be EUV based and is expected to enter risk production in 2018. I even heard a rumor at the show that Samsung was going to start using EUV on one DRAM Layer this year!
During an interview on the FOX Business Network's Countdown to the Closing Bell, Gene Sperling, former National Economic Council Director, reacted to Donald Trump's economic plan.
Continue Reading Below
“If you look at how [Trump's] tax code has been judged, almost 90% went to the top 1%. What he has doubled down on is this ‘15% solution'. That means that not only will the biggest companies pay 15%, but everybody who has any type of pass-through income. More than half of the 400 richest people in the U.S. have pass-through income,” he explained.
The former top advisor to President Bill Clinton and President Obama said Trump's 15% corporate tax proposal is regressive.
"Anybody who has any kind of business income, whether you're a consultant, a lobbyist, a hedge fund manager, investment banker, or corporate lawyer, you would now pay 15%, lower than most middle-income families. The largest multi-national companies that people think have paid too little would pay 15%. I don't know whether his first economic plan or his second plan will win the gold medal for which is the most regressive and most contributes to income inequality, but it'll be a tight race," he said.
Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton is scheduled to outline her own economic policy in Detroit on Thursday.
Advertisement
Sperling said expect her speech to touch on how to encourage jobs in the U.S. that are “win-wins.”
"That means a major infrastructure plan, that means the largest jobs plan since WWII. She's going to focus on manufacturing, on innovation, on small business,” he said.
The FIA and ACO have not ruled out a possible reduction in performance for the new LMP2 cars, following higher-than-expected speeds seen in initial testing and some concerns about drivability for less-experienced gentlemen drivers.
The new-for-2017 platform features a spec Gibson V8 powerplant, estimated to produce in excess of 600 horsepower, nearly 80 horsepower more than the current WEC/ELMS LMP2 machinery.
A representative from one of the four constructors indicated the cars may be too fast for comfort, particularly with keeping the Pro-Am driver pairing aspect in mind.
It's understood current simulation predictions put the 2017-spec P2 cars with sub-3:30 laps at Le Mans, with an 8-10 second per lap increase. It translates to at least a 3-4 second increase at typical tracks.
Three of the four constructors have already begun testing with its Gibson-engined cars, with Onroak Automotive having been the first with its Ligier JS P217 last month with development driver Olivier Pla.
“They made the engine very drivable,” Pla told Sportscar365. “All of the power is at the top-end. It's easy to drive but of course the car is fast.
“I think for some gentlemen it will be good, for others, it maybe will be difficult. For sure it's become a very fast car, but also a very nice car to drive.”
ACO President Pierre Fillon said they are monitoring the situation but have not yet made any decisions to adjust performance levels.
“Safety is our priority. If we need to adapt the rules, we will make a decision,” he said.
FIA WEC boss Gerard Neveu, meanwhile, downplayed the early reports from drivers.
“This is a first feeling, a first impression after a small number of testing with three or four different cars,” Neveu said. “We have to stay cool. Let them do the reporting.
“There is testing during the winter, there's the Prologue, there are many options to see exactly what's going on.
“The teams will be in the best position to report regarding the Bronze driver and everything like this and how quick the cars are.
“We have to wait to have a certain experience with these new cars, to start to do some conclusions and to adapt the regulations if necessary.”
It's unclear if any potential performance change from the ACO and FIA could impact IMSA's Prototype category, which will feature DPi and LMP2 machinery, with the P2 platform being utilized as the baseline.
The cars will make their competition debuts in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona in January, with the European season opening at Silverstone in April for both the WEC and ELMS.
Nearly half of babies born in the U.S. to twentysomething women have unmarried parents. Photo by John Moore/Getty Images
The picture of the twentysomething years painted by the pop culture—think Girls or The Mindy Project—suggests that young adults use their 20s as a kind of “odyssey years” to bridge adolescence and adulthood. Judging by Hannah, Adam, and Mindy, the 20s are about getting educated and established at work, enjoying drinks and coffee with friends, trying your hand at relationships, all before the press of adult responsibilities sets in.
This picture is largely accurate for college-educated young adults as we show in our new report, “Knot Yet: The Benefits and Costs of Delayed Marriage in America,” and it's a picture that ends up relatively rosy, even if the 20s have difficult moments. These highly educated adults have embraced a “capstone” model of marriage that typically leads them to put off marriage until they have had a chance to establish themselves professionally, personally, and relationship-wise. This capstone model is paying big dividends to the college-educated: Their divorce rate is low, and their income is high. We find, for instance, that college-educated women who postpone marriage to their 30s earn about $10,000 more than their college-educated sisters who marry in their mid-20s.
Courtesy of Brandon Wooten/The ”Knot Yet” report
But one major and more dystopian feature of actual contemporary twentysomething life is conspicuously absent from small-screen depictions: parenthood. Hard as it might be for Hannah and Mindy—and their viewers—to imagine, most American women without college degrees have their first child in their 20s. These young women and their partners—who make up about two-thirds of twentysomething adults in the United States—are logging more time at the diaper aisle of the local supermarket than at the local bar.
This would not be such a big deal except for the fact that many of these twentysomethings are drifting into parenthood, becoming moms and dads with partners they don't think are fit to marry or at least ready to marry. For instance, almost 1 in 2 babies—47 percent, to be precise—born to twentysomething women are now born to unmarried parents. In fact, twentysomething women now have the majority of children outside of marriage, which—given that 30 is the new 20—makes them the new teen moms.
The reality is that children born to unmarried twentysomething parents are three times more likely to grow up with a disorienting carousel of adults coming and going in the home, compared to children born to married parents. This kind of carousel, as sociologist Andrew Cherlin notes in his book The Marriage-Go-Round, is associated with higher rates of teen pregnancy, behavioral problems in school, and substance abuse. By contrast, “stable, low-conflict families with two biological or adoptive parents provide better environments for children, on average, than do other living arrangements.”
Courtesy of Brandon Wooten/The “Knot Yet” report
How did twentysomethings become the new teen moms? Progressives stress economics as a cause, conservatives stress culture, but both are a factor. Among college-educated couples who have access to stable, high-paying, and meaningful work, only 12 percent have their first child before marriage. By and large, college-educated women and men don't want to derail their professional and economic prospects by having a baby before they have established a strong economic foundation for themselves and their future family.
But 58 percent of women who have a high-school degree or some college—women we call “middle Americans” and who make up a majority of young adult women—are now having their first child outside of marriage—a rapid and quite recent development. (Among women without a high-school degree, 83 percent do.) The biggest economic issue is that men without college degrees are less likely to hold the kind of stable, decent-paying jobs that will secure their financial future. Chris, 22, a welder in Ohio interviewed for the Love and Marriage in Middle America project at the Institute for American Values, said his recent stint of unemployment “drove the final nail in the coffin” of his relationship with a young woman he was hoping to marry. “[I] was depressed; I was bored out of my mind—no income, not able to do anything. It basically was just like hell,” he said.
Two cultural factors are also in play here. The rise of the “capstone” model of marriage is one such factor, as Cherlin has noted. All Americans, not just the college educated—watch the same TV shows and movies and pick up the idea that adults have to have all their ducks in a row—a middle-class lifestyle, a soul mate relationship—before they settle down. This model sets a high bar for marriage and minimizes marriage's classic connection to parenthood. So large numbers of less-educated twentysomethings who view the capstone model as unattainable end up having the child before the marriage.
Second, as Kathryn Edin and Maria Kefalas point out in Promises I Can Keep: Why Poor Women Put Motherhood Before Marriage, many young adults have been scarred by the divorce revolution—which hit poor and middle American communities harder than upper- and middle-class communities—and have become gun-shy about marriage. They have seen too many friends and family divorce to have the trust required to move forward with a wedding. So, living amid a climate characterized by a trust deficit, they often choose, or drift “unintentionally” into, parenthood with partners who are not marriageable or who seem good but to whom they are not yet ready to marry.
Melissa, a 31-year-old single mother, had this to say about why she has never married any of her boyfriends: “I just never felt that anyone's as loyal to me as I am to them,” she said. “Even when I feel like I'm in a good relationship, there'll be little things that they'll do that will make me start wondering, ‘Do they really have my back?' ”, according to the Love and Marriage in Middle America project, a study of Middle American relationships in a small town in Ohio. What's striking about Melissa's comment—which is all too representative—is that it's not just the bad guys who give her pause about marriage; it's also the good guys. She just seems to harbor a general suspicion about the possibility of lifelong love and the whole institution of marriage.
So what can be done to bring women like Melissa and the “good guys” back together? Progressives are right to point to the importance of shoring up the economic foundations of family life in middle America. New infrastructure projects, better vocational training, and the elimination of the marriage penalties built into many of the nation's public policies serving lower-income Americans are all steps that could help to boost the fragile foundations of middle American families. President Obama was right to call in his State of the Unions address for measures “to strengthen families by removing the financial deterrents to marriage for low-income couples.”
But conservatives are also right in calling for a new ethic of parental responsibility that is equally binding on all Americans and all parents, regardless of their income, education, or gender. We need a national campaign—like we have had around teen pregnancy—encompassing public, civic, and pop-cultural efforts (yes, Lena Dunham should get in on the action) to encourage twentysomethings to wait until they have a plan and a partner who will enable them to give their children the life and family they deserve. Isabel Sawhill, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, says young adults need to treat parenthood, not marriage, as the capstone.
This is because becoming a parent, for both mothers and fathers, is a big deal, arguably a bigger deal than getting married. Young adults owe it to their children to try to bring them into a home with two loving parents who are ready to support them and one another in the exhausting, exhilarating, and quotidian adventure that is parenthood. And, at least in the United States, that's most likely to happen within marriage.
The bottom line is this: Today's twentysomethings need to approach parenthood with the same seriousness that they approach marriage. For some, this will mean postponing parenthood into the later 20s or 30s, after their ducks are all in row. But for others, this will mean marrying earlier to someone with whom they are in a “good relationship.” But either way, contemporary young adults need to be more intentional about sequencing the baby carriage after marriage, just as the country needs to be more intentional about stabilizing the fragile foundations of family life in poor and middle American communities across the United States.
One of the language changes in the next C++ standard is the addition of rvalue-references. While some people believe this mechanism will be used by a small number of library writers, I think that it will have a wider impact on the way we write software in C++. In either case, however, it will be beneficial to understand the nuances of rvalue-references even if you don't use them in your code directly. Today I will cover the motivation and basics of rvalue-references, including some counter-intuitive aspects towards the end. The next installment will deal with the changes that rvalue-references will bring to C++ programs.
While the next C++ standard still has some way to go before being published, the GCC team has implemented support for some parts of the standard in g++ 4.3 and 4.4 (see C++0x Language Support in GCC for details). All the sample code presented below can be tried with g++ 4.3.2 in the C++0x mode (the -std=c++0x option).
Every expression in C++ evaluates to either lvalue or rvalue. The standard has a page-long list of rules that define these two terms. It is more intuitive (but less precise) to think of an lvalue as referring to an object that has a name somewhere in the program. This name can be a variable name or a pointer. An rvalue refers to an object that does not have a name. Here are some examples:
struct S {}; S s; s // lvalue S () // rvalue S f (); S& g (); S* h (); f () // rvalue g () // lvalue *h () // lvalue
The last two expressions are lvalues because one needs a named object to bind a reference to it or take its address.
Because an rvalue object is always allocated on the stack and is unnamed, its life is short (unless bound to a const reference variable). As a result, modifying an rvalue does not make much sense and usually means a programming error. To prevent such errors C++ does not allow binding of non-const references to rvalues:
void f (S&); void g (const S&); f (S ()); // error g (S ()); // ok
An issue with the above rules arises when we want to make a copy of an rvalue and this operation is expensive. Because the rvalue object will be gone immediately after we make the copy, “transplanting” the internals of an rvalue to our copy seems like a natural optimization. Consider the following example:
struct IntVector { IntVector (const IntVector& x) { v_ = new int[x.size_]; size_ = x.size_; memcpy (v_, x.v_, size_ * sizeof (int)); } ... private: int* v_; size_t size_; }; IntVector load () { IntVector r; // Load the data into r. return r; } IntVector v (load ());
While some compilers may optimize the call to the copy constructor away (RVO/NRVO optimization), this depends on the implementation of load() and is not guaranteed.
What we would like here is to transfer the contents of the returned rvalue into v , something along these lines:
IntVector (IntVector& x) { v_ = x.v_; size_ = x.size_; x.v_ = 0; x.size_ = 0; }
This approach does not work for two reasons: First, because we modify the source object, we have to pass it as a non-const reference. But an rvalue can only be bound to a const reference. Second, our new version of the copy constructor will just as happily transplant the internals of lvalues:
IntVector v1; IntVector v2 (v1); // v1 is no longer usable
What we need is a special kind of reference that will bind to rvalues and allow their modification. And that's exactly what the next version of the C++ standard adds: rvalue-references. Unfortunately, the interaction of rvalue-references with lvalue-references (that's what the plain old references are now called) and the rest of the language is quite complex. It is also fairly easy to shoot yourself in the foot, even as just the user of rvalue-optimized types. What follows is the description of some of the rules governing rvalue-references.
An rvalue-reference of type T is declared as T&& . The overload resolution between rvalue- and lvalue-references is similar to the way it works for const and non-const lvalue-references. For example:
void f (int&); void f (int&&); void g (int&&); int h (); int i; f (i); // f (int&) is called f (h ()); // f (int&&) is called g (i); // ok
That is, when passing an lvalue and the lvalue overload is available, it is preferred. Otherwise, the rvalue version is called since an lvalue can be used anywhere an rvalue can. This is a fairly important point which means that in the majority of cases when you provide a constructor or a function taking an rvalue-reference, you will also want to provide the overloaded version taking const an lvalue-reference. Otherwise, lvalues will be treated as rvalues ( std::move() , which is discussed shortly, is one example where this behavior is actually desired). Here is how we could overload our IntVector constructors:
IntVector (const IntVector& x) { v_ = new int[x.size_]; size_ = x.size_; memcpy (v_, x.v_, size_ * sizeof (int)); } IntVector (IntVector&& x) { v_ = x.v_; size_ = x.size_; x.v_ = 0; x.size_ = 0; }
Let's consider the call to load() once again:
IntVector v (load ());
If the compiler didn't optimize the copying of the return value, the process works as follows. The r object inside the function is first copied into a temporary and then destroyed. After load() returns, the v object is copy-constructed from the temporary and the temporary are destroyed.
The new constructor now takes care of efficiently copying the data from the temporary returned by load() to the v object. But what about the other half of the process. Namely copying of the r object inside the load() function to the temporary? The r object is an lvalue and, as a result, the expensive copy constructor will be used. One way to solve this would be to explicitly convert r to an rvalue-reference with the help of std::move() :
IntVector load () { IntVector r; // Load the data into r. return std::move (r); }
std::move() simply converts any rvalue or lvalue to an rvalue reference:
template <typename T> typename remove_reference<T>::type&& move (T&& x) { return x; }
While this works, it sure is verbose and easy to forget. Plus, in template code we don't know whether the argument type has a constructor capable of taking an rvalue-reference. The C++ standard fixes this in quite an interesting way. The standard provides criteria when a C++ compiler is allowed to optimize away temporaries and copying that is used to return a value from a function (called elision of copy operations). While compilers can perform this optimization, they are not required to do so. But then the standard adds that when the criteria for elision of copy operations are met but the compiler is not performing such elision and the object to copy is an lvalue, then the overload resolution to select the copy constructor is first performed as if the object were an rvalue. One of the criteria for elision of copy operations is returning an automatic (stack-allocated) object. If you think about it, it makes perfect sense: the object being copied is essentially an rvalue since it will be destroyed once the copying is complete and nobody else can access it between now and then.
All this means that in our implementation of load() when we return the result, the r object is first considered as if it were an rvalue and the fast constructor will be called automatically without us explicitly calling std::move() .
Now to the less intuitive side of rvalue-references. Named rvalue-references are treated as lvalues while unnamed rvalue-references are treated as rvalues. In other words, once an rvalue-reference is given a name, it starts acting as an lvalue. The following code snippet helps illustrate this point:
void f (int&); int&& g (); int&& i = 2; f (i); // ok f (g ()); // error
Without keeping this in mind, it is natural to expect one thing but get something completely different:
void f (const int&); void f (int&&); void g (int&& x) { f (x); // calls f (const int&) }
If we wanted to call f(int&&) , we would need to first convert x to an unnamed rvalue-reference, for example, with the help of std::move() :
void g (int&& x) { f (std::move (x)); // calls f (int&&) }
Another interesting aspect of rvalue-references is what happens when we try to create an rvalue-reference to lvalue-reference or vice versa. While this cannot be done directly ( T&&& is illegal), it is easy to achieve, most likely unintentionally, with typedef or template type arguments. In this case, the resulting type will always be an lvalue-reference:
typedef int& ilr; typedef int&& irr; void f (int&) {} void f (ilr&&) {} // error: same as void f (int&) void f (irr&) {} // error: same as void f (int&) template <typename T> void g (T&); template <typename T> void h (T&&); g<int&&> (..); // void g (int&) h<int&> (..); // void h (int&)
Next time: how rvalue-references will affect the way we write software in C++.
President Obama is urging Congress to extend low interest rates on federal student loans.
"In America, higher education cannot be a luxury; it's an economic imperative that every family must be able to afford," Obama said in his weekly address. "That's why next week I'll be visiting colleges across the country, talking to students about how we can make higher education more affordable – and what's at stake right now if Congress doesn't do something about it."
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House began pushing the student loans issue on Friday when Secretary of Education Arne Duncan appeared at the daily press briefing, and the president will visit colleges in North Carolina, Colorado and Iowa next week.
"If Congress doesn't act, on July 1 interest rates on some student loans will double," Obama said. "Nearly seven and half million students will end up owing more on their loan payments."
The College Cost Reduction and Access Act, introduced in the Democrat-controlled Congress in 2007 and passed on bipartisan votes, halved the rate on federally subsidized Stafford loans to 3.4 percent. If Congress doesn't act, the rate returns to 6.8 percent.
Republicans contend keeping the low interest rate costs too much.
"Bad policy based on lofty campaign promises has put us in an untenable situation," Rep. John Kline (R-Wis.), the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, said in a Friday statement. "We must now choose between allowing interest rates to rise or piling billions of dollars on the backs of taxpayers."
In his address, Obama tried to paint the GOP's objections to extending the loan rates as part of a pattern.
"Over the past few years, Republicans in Congress have voted against new ways to make college more affordable for middle-class families, and voted for huge new tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires – tax cuts that would have to be paid for by cutting things like education and job-training programs that give students new opportunities to work and succeed," he said.
"We cannot just cut our way to prosperity. Making it harder for our young people to afford higher education and earn their degrees is nothing more than cutting our own future off at the knees."
Close
Instagram looks to edge out competing platform Snapchat with its recent iteration to the Explore tab.
Almost a month after the release of its own Stories version, photo-sharing platform Instagram decided to give the ephemeral video and photo slideshow a boost and added Stories recommendation, which is now available atop the Explore tab. Once again taking a page out of Facebook's book, Instagram will employ an AI to curate the suggested stories.
According to Instagram, suggestions will be taken from that day's pool of trending Stories, accounts that are steadily providing popular Stories and Stories from accounts, which have already surfaced on the user's Explore grid. The user's interests, connections and influences are also big factors for the suggestions that will be displayed.
"The goal is to help people discover these compelling Stories and content they might not otherwise encounter," says Instagram director of product management Blake Barnes.
Some criticize the addition of suggested Stories since similar integrations were tried by other outfits and a lot of people expressed their distaste for it. A good example is Twitter's user suggestions. Nonetheless, many are still positive that it will work out for Instagram since its suggestions will be largely based on the user's interests, which personalizes the whole experience.
Instagram's Stories, which rolled out in early August, allows users to post videos and photo collections that disappear 24 hours after they get uploaded. Users can choose to add color filters, emojis, text and drawings to images before they get uploaded.
Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom admits that the Stories feature is inspired by same features found on Snapchat. However, the recent addition of Stories suggestion should help separate its brand, even by just a little, from the competitor.
"This isn't about who invented something. This is about a format, and how you take it to a network and put your own spin on it," Systrom tells TechCrunch.
The company refrained from disclosing statistics for the first few weeks of Stories. Instagram did, however, reveal that the platform's built-in discovery tool, Explore, racks up 100 million visitors each day. The number equates to a third of Instagram's 300 million active users per day. Taking into account the figures, Stories lobbied through Explore have huge potential in reaching millions of people.
"That's really the beauty of blending Stories and Explore," comments Barnes. "It's about giving people who want a larger audience an avenue to do so."
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Welcome back to the Digilent Blog!
In the not too distant past, we made a couple of posts on Pmods that can help drive motors as well as a post on stepper motors. Today, we're going to check out running multiple servo motors on a chipKIT board. Why would we want to do this? Well, aside from the nice feeling that comes from successfully doing some extreme multitasking, we'd also be able to run some super cool mechatronics projects, such as a robot arm!
The short answer to our question of being able to running five or more servos of chipKIT uC32 is a definite yes… if we follow some guidelines.
Classic servo motors work by by receiving a PWM signal from the host board. Within the servo motor itself, there is a small potentiometer that receives this voltage signal and adjusts its angle (as well as the servo arm) based on how long the voltage pulse that it receives is. Normally, you might think that if something requires a PWM signal we would need to use a PWM capable pin on our system board in order to send out that signal; I know I certainly did. Luckily, servo motors do not have such intensive pin requirements. The motors themselves are actually expecting a pulse width that is (usually) somewhere between 1 and 2 milliseconds, which every GPIO pin on a chipKIT board can easily achieve. This becomes even easier with the chipKIT servo library, where you can simply tell a motor to rotate to a certain angle and not even have to worry about the pulse width.
You may be thinking to yourself, “If basically every pin on a chipKIT board is able to run a servo motor, then what's the issue with running multiple servos?” This is a valid question. If you are operating the servo motors one at a time, then there is no issue with having a bunch of them. However, when you start running multiple motors at the same time, you start running into power issues. Servo motors are known to draw quite a bit of current (upwards of 100 mA) so when you get five or more servos running at the same time, you'll likely end up drawing more power than you can supply through a computer's USB port.
What can we do about this? The answer to this is what you might expect –use a larger power supply. What I recommend using is a 5V 2.5A power supply while bypassing the 5V regulator. This will allow the 3.3V regulator that operates the PIC32 microcontroller to work correctly and easily power multiple servo motors on the 5V power supply line without any fear of over-drawing current…unless you plan on running 20+ servo motors at the same time. Then you should give us a comment to find out what you should do next.
You can check out a uC32 in action with five servo motors in the YouTube video below!
OKLAHOMA CITY - Oklahoma Secretary of State Chris Benge today announced his office has completed the counting of signatures for State Question 788, Initiative Petition 412.
The measure, which deals with legalizing medical marijuana, would amend and add to Oklahoma Statute Title 63, Public Health and Safety.
The secretary of state's office counted a total of 67,761 signatures for the proposed state question.
A total of 65,987 signatures is needed for an initiative petition amending Oklahoma statutes to be placed on an election ballot. That equates to eight percent of the 824,831 ballots cast in the 2014 gubernatorial election.
There are still several steps left in the process before this initiative can qualify to be placed on a ballot for a vote of the people.
As required by law, the secretary of state's office will send a report on its findings to the Oklahoma Supreme Court. The state Supreme Court determines whether the number of signatures counted is sufficient for the proposal to be placed on an election ballot.
If approved, doctors would be able to recommend a patient at least 25 years old for a state-issued medical marijuana license allowing them to use marijuana and possess up to 3 ounces, six mature plants and six seedlings.
Oklahoma's attorney general will have five business days to review the ballot title. If the proposed title is found non-compliant, the attorney general has 10 business days to submit a rewritten ballot title. The next step will be notification to the press to announce publicly that any member of the public can, within 10 business days, challenge the signatures and/ or the proposed ballot title. When the measure has cleared all legal hurdles, it can qualify to be placed on a ballot for a vote of the people.
Stay in touch with us anytime, anywhere.
Download our free app for Apple and Android and Kindle devices.
Sign up for newsletters emailed to your inbox. Select from these options: Breaking News, Severe Weather, School Closings, Daily Headlines and Daily Forecasts.
Follow us on Twitter :
Like us on Facebook :
(CN) – A Kentucky man who was arrested for yelling “fat slob” at a cop can take his wrongful arrest claims to trial, the 6th Circuit affirmed. The cop, who is also a city building inspector, had approved a strip mall expansion over the man's protest.
“Police officers must be more thick skinned than the ordinary citizen,” the Cincinnati-based federal appeals panel said, quoting a 2003 ruling, Payne v. Pauley, from the 7th Circuit.
Before lashing out at the Villa Hills building inspector, Kenneth Kennedy had repeatedly voiced his concern about the city's decision to approve the expansion of a strip mall near his home. In addition to complaining about the project over the phone to the building inspector, Kennedy had sued the city and the strip mall's owner, who also sold Kennedy his home.
When bulldozers and construction workers arrived near Kennedy's house on May 18, 2005, he went to the city building to air his grievance in person.
Kennedy says he confronted Joseph Schutzman outside his office at 7 a.m., saying, “Take your pick, the building [permit] is void or obsolete.”
Schutzman, who is both a cop and the city building inspector, allegedly told Kennedy that pending litigation prevented him for discussing the issue and left the building.
Kennedy says Schutzman ran back inside the building after he overheard Kennedy complains about him to nearby city workers.
“That son of a bitch broke all of the zoning laws,” Kennedy had said.
Schutzman arrested Kennedy for disorderly conduct when he asked the resident what he had said, and Kennedy remarked: “You're a fat slob.”
After the charges against Kennedy were dropped, Kennedy sued Schutzman and several other defendants. A federal judge in Covington dismissed the charges against each of the defendants, except Schutzman.
The cop appealed, claiming that he deserved immunity, but the federal appeals panel in Cincinnati affirmed the lower court's decision on Thursday.
A three-judge panel rejected Schutzman's claim that he was entitled to arrest Kennedy because the outburst was loud enough to generate public alarm.
Since the city building was not even for open for business when Kennedy made the remarks, the risk of public disturbance was minimal.
“Even if he did yell and speak rather loudly, the volume of his voice might not have been unreasonable,” Judge Karen Moore wrote for the court. “Finally, … Kentucky law does not criminalize arguments and noise that disturb only police officers because such conduct does not risk public alarm.” (Emphasis in original.)
“Regardless of why Schutzman made the arrest, the relevant inquiry is whether an officer with no ill will toward Kennedy could have believed that he had probable cause to arrest Kennedy,” she continued. “We answer no, rendering qualified immunity inappropriate on the claim of wrongful arrest.”
It is well established that Kennedy had a right to be free from arrest after insulting a police officer, the court found.
Schutzman must show he had a basis for the arrest other than retaliation to justify his conduct, according to the ruling.
Since Kennedy testified in deposition that the officer seemed very upset before making the arrest, there is enough evidence to suggest that he was emotionally motivated.
“Kennedy's deposition reveals more than his own anger,” Moore wrote. “Schutzman ‘came running back in' to the building, ‘got in [Kennedy's] face,' and arrested Kennedy immediately after Kennedy called Schutzman a ‘fat slob.'”
Like this: Like Loading...
More than a year since their candidate dropped out of the Republican primary for the 2012 election, staffers from the campaign to elect Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN) president say they are still waiting to get paid.
According to an article by Alex Seitz-Wald at Salon.com, Bachmann's former national field coordinator, Peter Waldron claims that former employees of the campaign are being denied payment because they refused to sign a non-disclosure agreement that would bar them from discussing any “unethical, immoral, or criminal activity” they witnessed while working for the Minnesota representative.
Waldron went public with the claims on Thursday night in a blog post at ChristianNewsWire.com that said, in part, “Representative Michele Bachmann (R-MN), former presidential candidate and a leader of the Tea Party Caucus in the House of Representatives in Washington, has yet to pay some of her Iowa presidential campaign staff after one year and in spite of the fact that over $2,000,000 sits in bank accounts at her disposal.”
He continued, “I feel a moral obligation to see that my Christian brothers and sisters are paid for worked performed in good faith,” and added, “It is sobering to think that a Christian member of Congress would betray her testimony to the Lord and the public by withholding earned wages from deserving staff.”
The wages in question add up to a mere $5,000, which Waldron said is a pittance compared to the millions in campaign cash still sitting in the Bachmann coffers. He claimed in the post that Bachmann's finance chairman James Pollack “broke every promise made to me to pay the staff.”
Waldron has appealed to Marcus Bachmann, Rep. Bachmann's husband, who runs a controversial “ex-gay” ministry that practices so-called “reparative therapy,” a practice that has been outlawed in California as dangerous to young people. The former field manager has also attempted to solicit help from Rep. Bachmann's chief of staff, Robert Boland.
Stymied at every turn, he felt he had no choice but to go public.
Waldron said that the staffers' refusal to sign the non-disclosure agreement stems from a dispute over a mailing list that the campaign allegedly used without permission. A volunteer for the campaign had a mailing list of Christian home-schooling families in Iowa on her computer. The Bachmann campaign solicited the families on the mailing list for support via email, a breach of federal election laws.
The home-schooling group is suing the campaign for using the list. Waldron told Salon that a criminal investigation is also pending, and that he has spoken to police “several times” in connection with the matter.
“They wanted us to have no further conversation [with police] without first notifying Michelle's attorneys, and we just refused,” he said. “We've been lied to at every turn.”
Bachmann's office released a statement calling Waldron's claims “false and inaccurate.”
Waldron, who was arrested in 2006 in Uganda on terrorism charges, has been a Republican operative since the 1980's. Former associates have called him “quite a vivid storyteller” and an opportunist.
To outsiders, the Bachmann campaign unfolded as an ongoing comedy of errors. At campaign events, she threw out a slew of gaffes and misstatements, including confusing actor John Wayne with serial killer John Wayne Gacy, and telling a story about meeting a woman who insisted that HPV vaccine made her daughter mentally retarded, a claim that medical experts dismissed out-of-hand as highly unlikely, if not impossible.
In October, 2011, Bachmann's entire New Hampshire office quit en masse over non-payment of wages. Former campaign manager Ed Rollins was only on board for a matter of weeks before he jumped ship and later said that Bachmann “never passed muster” to become “a credible candidate.” He disparaged her inability to stay on message or come up with substantive policy prescriptions.
“She's still saying the same things she said in the first the debate,” he said in late 2011. “There's no substance. She says, ‘I'm going to repeal Obamacare.' But she's been saying that from Day 1. I told her, ‘That's your tea party speech, now you have to say what you're going to do next.'”
Bachmann was re-elected to her House seat in November, and has been re-appointed to the House Intelligence Committee, which one intelligence analyst called “an embarrassment” to the country.
Description .
A raw food lifestyle is one which focuses on changing certain habits and practices into what I deem as healthy ones. The main shift to make is to incorporate fruits and vegetables, nuts and seeds ( the latter two at a minimum), in their natural, whole in season forms, with no added heat nor extreme low temperatures(freezing) as your source of foods on a permanent/long term basis.
Why .
There are many benefits to eating this way, some of which include, but are not limited to the following:
1. Increased energy.
2. Detoxification.
3. Cell Regeneration.
4. Improved digestion.
5. Better sleep.
6. Improved bowel health.
7. Clearer skin.
These will be achieved over a period of time which varies from person to person. Additionally, the best fit for each person must be achieved to enjoy any benefits.
History :
The genesis of this type of lifestyle stems from the fact that these foods are life and energy promoting, by their very chemical makeup and composition at the cellular level. This makes these foods compatible with the human physiology, and has been found to be the most alkaline, *electric and by extrapolation, cleansing and healing.
A diet composed wholly or mainly of these ' life giving /enhancing' foods have effects on the chemistry of the body, particularly when incorporated with a healthy/healthful lifestyle.
A healthy lifestyle would and should include practices such as:
1. Daily exercise.
2. Adequate hydration from foods and pure water sources.
3. Reduction or elimination of stress.
4. Combination of essential nutrients (from foods as best as possible)
How :
In order to commence this lifestyle, most persons find the transition as a step by step one to be most effective, as well as more sustaining than making these changes overnight (‘cold turkey').
In order to fully appreciate that a raw food lifestyle is, both efficient and the most suitable, one must recognize that the food is of plant origin~ nature nurtured from nutrients directly from the air and soil: and that which is most compatible with the human physiology.
Many persons in coming to a raw or ' live foods ' lifestyle are ones whom have already embraced semi- healthy Modus Operandi , say a vegetarian or cooked vegan lifestyle. This, indeed, may make the transition an easier one, however, this may not absolve them of the onset of detoxification symptoms, as the body loses toxins and other unwanted/foreign elements within the anatomy. For others, this experience may be more of a challenging one symptom-wise and thus as with anyone embarking on this lifestyle should seek to be monitored and/or coached during this transitioning period.
Easy steps to transition to Fully Raw :
1. Replace your first meal with fresh fruits, for a period of at least two weeks( if a further week is required, continue); Now, once comfortable with this change ~ ensuring to get enough calories in, then the aim to move on to step 2. is in order. Be mindful to select juicy fruits and go for the ones you really like, and are in season.
2. After having settled into this routine comfortably, a new habit has been considered developed/engendered. At this stage, seeking to now incorporate a second meal swap is in order. Here I highly recommend fruits mainly, particularly juicy fruits.
2. Meal #2 can be substituted with more fresh fruits and vegetables ~ aim always to incorporate as many local, fresh and ideally organic produce versus frozen and/or imported. Repeat guidelines as before.
3. Having successfully completed Step 2, jump onto this last step: Your last meal ~ ideally, before sunset, you may wish to go all fruit or make a salad of greens and non sweet fruits such as tomatoes, cucumbers and zucchinis etc. Adding overt fats, such as avocados or coconut ' meat', even overnight soaked nuts, all used and combined wisely, work well as a final of the day.
~Jan~
Follow us on Facebook at The Smoothie Vegetarians , or on Instagram @smoothievegetarians or Twitter @smoothievegies to know when we post or just to keep up with us!
*Electric Foods are those which support the genome that which is the foundation of all people. Non-hybrid and non-GMO plant foods are the most electric foods. (Adapted from Natural Life Energy).
At the end of the day yesterday I was standing in line waiting for my car, that's right, at 11:59 PM I was saying “Where the hell is my crappy car?” jokingly to a small crowd of ska fans. How did I know they were ska fans? Well, I'd just spend the last few hours dancing, drinking and singing along w/ this group of like minded individuals at the Summer of Ska tour. I can honestly say it was a great time! I haven't been to a ska show on that level in a long time, and it didn't disappoint! Thanks, Suburban Legends, Big D & the Kids Table and Reel Big Fish for putting on a hell of a show in Hollywood last night! This episode is dedicated to all the crazy awesome ska fans I met there last night! Like Matt, Ro, Edwardo, the kid who looked like Percy Jackson & his two friends and a big kudo to Brian Klemm, who remains the nicest guy in the world.
Razika – Nytt Pa Nytt (Program 91 '11)
the Delirians – Agua De Limon (the Delirians '12)
the Amphetameanies – Desert Culture (Now! That's What I Call the Amphetameanies '06)
Big D & the Kids Table – (We All Have to) Burn Something (How it Goes '04)
Dan P. & the Bricks – Sweat for It (Watch Where You Walk '12)
the First Chairs – It's Okay (Plastic & Prestige '12)
Show Me Island – So Long for Something (MV:MMXII '12)
Reel Big Fish – What are Friends For (Cheer Up! '04)
If you're in a ska band and would like to be interviewed or have a song featured, please email me at radjose[at]gmail[dot]com.
This episode and all episodes can always be found here. You can also subscribe to the podcast by going to your advanced tab on iTunes, then select “subscribe to podcast…” and entering this address: http://23minofska.podomatic.com/rss2.xml into the box that opens. Also if you'd like, find & like us on facebook. Take this episode w/ you, download it!
Also, hit up www.BigSkaGamble.com for 7 awesome ska 7″ records!
The Secret Service plans to open an investigation into Madonna after she stated during the Women's March On Washington that she has thought about "blowing up the White House."
While sporting a black p*ssyhat she also said the F-word four times, causing broadcasters to have to apologize since they were airing the broadcast live.
She talked about the rate she has felt over Trump being elected, saying that she had thought about "blowing up the White House" but knew that it "wouldn't change anything."
The final decision to prosecute will fall on the US Attorney's Office. The Secret Service has declined to comment on their investigation.
Madonna has more to say than that however. She said, "We cannot fall into despair. As the poet W. H. Auden once wrote on the eve of World War Two, 'We must love one another or die.' I choose love. Are you with me?"
Half a million protesters cheered her on.
— Idris Elba denies rumors that he's sleeping with Madonna —
Madonna was not the only celebrity to speak out against Trump. Ashley Judd was just one of the many who took to the stage. She recited a poem written by a 19-year-old Tennessee native.
"I feel Hitler in these streets, a mustache traded for a toupee,
"I am a nasty woman,' she went on, referencing Donald's infamous attack on Hillary Clinton. "I'm not as nasty as a man who looks like he bathes in Cheeto dust.
Which celebrities were at the Women's March?
"I'm not as nasty as your own daughter being your favorite sex symbol, your wet dreams infused with your own genes,
"I'm not as nasty as confederate flags being tattooed across my cities, maybe the south is actually going to rise, maybe for some it never really fell."
Jud then led a chant of "I'm a nasty woman" to raucous applause and cheering.
"And our p***ies ain't for grabbing, they're for reminding you that our walls are stronger than America's ever will be.
"Our p*****s are for our pleasure, for birthing new generations of filthy, vulgar, nasty, proud, Christian, Buddhist, Muslim, Sikh, generations of nasty women.
"So what today means is that we are far from the end, today marks the beginning, the beginning of our story.
"The revolution starts here, the fight for the right to be free, to be who we are, to be equal, lets march together through this darkness and with each step know that we are not afraid.
"That we are not alone, that we will not back down, that there is power in our unity, and that no opposing force stands a chance in the face of true solidarity."
'And to our detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything, "f*** you",' she proclaimed.
More from :
Meagan Good says Trump is ‘still a child of God'
Is It OK to tune President Donald Trump out?
Obama's legacy? Black excellence and courage under fire
It's no surprise that this unbelievable futuristic hotel is being built in Dubai. The Water Discus Hotel designed by Deep Ocean Technology is made up of a series of sci-fi styled discs, and one of these discs will be positioned 21 stories underwater. This will provide guests with an extraordinary view directly into the Persian Gulf. via inhabitat.
[quote]The disc is composed of 21 hotel rooms adjacent to the underwater dive centre and a bar. Each room is integrated with the underwater world as closely as possible, offering a surprisingly direct, yet safe contact with the local flora and fauna.
Special lighting system of the area around the room and the miniature underwater vehicles which can be operated from inside will allow you to take a closer look at even the most microscopic underwater creatures using macro photography. We also ensure that our guests can protect their privacy whenever necessary. All rooms are sound-proof and have curtains of different levels of transparency. [/quote]
The United Nations peace envoy for Syria called Wednesday on Russian President Vladimir Putin to "have the courage" to convince his ally in Damascus to hold new elections in the war-ravaged country.
Staffan de Mistura, who is mediating peace negotiations in Geneva, said that a military victory alone in Syria's six-year civil war was not enough for President Bashar al-Assad and that new polls were needed for him to "win the peace".
"There needs, straight away, to be a political process that includes everyone to achieve a new constitution and new elections," he told Swiss RTS television.
Russia intervened in Syria's devastating conflict in 2015, providing aerial and ground support for government forces, ostensibly to combat advances by what Moscow and Damascus termed "terrorist" groups.
On Tuesday, the first Russian troops began returning home after Putin ordered a pullout, saying their mission had been largely completed.
De Mistura said Putin "had to convince the (Syrian) government that there's no time to lose". "We can talk about having won the territorial war, which is temporary, but the peace also needs to be won and for that there needs to be the courage to push the government to accept" new elections, which De Mistura said should be monitored by the UN. Talks this month, the eight round of UN-brokered negotiations between the Syrian government and rebel factions, have snagged on the issue of Assad's future, with a rebel alliance insisting the president must go as part of any peace deal. A parallel process organised by Moscow and including fellow government ally Iran and rebel backer Turkey, is set to resume next week in Astana, Kazakhstan.
More than 340,000 people have been killed since the conflict broke out in March 2011 when protests against Assad's rule sparked a brutal crackdown.
It's hard to imagine launching a new mobile OS without support for existing apps. In regards to Fuchsia, I initially thought the Magenta kernel might be compatible with the Android user space. While the potential implementation details for Android support have not been clear, another possibility has become more apparent. I'm not saying anything specific will or will not happen, so please take the following with a grain of salt.
Before starting this blog I spotted some initial comments in Fuschia source about a hypervisor. There was extremely little mentioned, it seemed almost tangential or experimental, and honestly I thought, "nah, that wouldn't make any sense."
Google has since been developing a hypervisor as part of Magenta though. (The first commits were seemingly on the same day as my first blog post.) I have been hesitant to write anything, because you can virtualize anything.
This one difference could imply a ton. If this is what Google is doing, then Fuchsia really is a fully new OS, and I can understand why some people would take offense to the idea of it being a mashup of Android and Chrome OS. Significant amounts of code (Mojo) are derived from Chromium, however, and the ability to run Android apps in VMs could look roughly the same as user space compatibility would to users, at least superficially. Fuchsia will still end up gradually replacing Android and Chrome OS for consumers, while Chrome OS will live on for education.
In this scenario, Google would not be swapping kernels outright, but instead technically would be running two different kernels on a Fuchsia device. (I will again stress that the consumer definition of an OS is not just the kernel either.) The kernel underlying both Fuchsia and Android/Linux would be Magenta. Perhaps using a microkernel would make this a far more manageable or performant approach.
It is entirely possible to run virtual machines like containers, and many companies offer such solutions. Given such an implementation, it is possible to virtualize an individual app without providing an entire second desktop environment for users to manage, despite the app being run on a guest VM.
Hypervisors and containers are not new ideas whatsoever. Fuchsia's implementation is a Type-1 hypervisor (bare metal) and is currently being built for x86 and MSM8998, which offer hardware-assisted virtualization commonly featured by CPUs. I have basically zero knowledge about virtualization, so there's not much more I can say beyond that.
Running Android on top of a hypervisor would make Android more of a legacy environment than a legacy API for Fuchsia, per se. It would also make Google's statements that Chrome OS is not going away and that it wouldn't make any sense for Android and Chrome OS to merge strictly true on a technical level. Again, this still means Fuchsia would crucially provide a stable driver ABI that Linux does not offer.
The massive upside to this approach would be that Magenta would be a clean slate free of the constraints of Linux, Unix, and possibly POSIX (to some degree?). I'm not a kernel expert, but I understand why this would be a huge deal resulting in numerous important technical differences vs. a *nix OS. I'm sure the Fuchsia team would stress the advantages of its decisions. Performance, efficiency, and a million other things could potentially be improved over Linux.
As for the downsides, wouldn't a hypervisor significantly hurt mobile battery life? Performance and other functional tradeoffs also seem inevitable; virtualization is certainly not costless. But if the downsides are moderate, Fuchsia's native performance is hopefully unaffected, and the need for virtualization is eliminated long term by Fuchsia replacing Android entirely, these seem like potentially reasonable costs. Without benchmarking, though, there is no hard data upon which to base an opinion.
Relatively seamless Android compatibility is a must in my opinion, because I don't see how Fuchsia could be so much radically better on its own that consumers and developers would pounce on it otherwise. I'm sure there will be all sorts of carrots and sticks to incentivize writing Flutter apps, but it's hard to picture Android developers re-writing all of their apps anytime soon. This is the same developer base that Google has struggled to even get to adopt something as crucial as the JobScheduler API to not waste users' battery life, which should have been the OS' responsibility in the first place.
Google will probably first market Flutter heavily at I/O 2017 as a better, reactive, and cross-platform way of making apps, and then at some point add on “and they'll run on Fuchsia as well!” It's hard to imagine wild developer and device vendor enthusiasm for such an approach without making it clear that Android will eventually become legacy. This is due to the network effects implicit with technological platforms. (Unfortunately “network effects” is used as a hand-wavey phrase with little substance behind it, and no one in the tech industry seems familiar with the technical academic details from economics, but that is a discussion for another day.)
There are other considerations at play such as the AOSP vendor ecosystem, and I'm sure Google performed all due diligence in assessing its strategic technical options. There's also still a lot in flux technically. Mojo IPC was changed, for example, and Mojo itself was seemingly absorbed into Magenta — Fuchsia's API could end up being called anything regardless. Previous tricky questions such as “how will Fuchsia maintain compatibility with libraries like bionic?” would become irrelevant, though, if Android is simply virtualized. One remaining key question is how Fuchsia and Android apps would interact. This challenge seems extremely important and far from trivial.
As with any of my articles, technical corrections are both encouraged and highly appreciated.
SchadenFrozen: (n, Ger): the taking of delight in the suffering of those who have realized against their will that Frozen, the Disney megahit about princesses, a comedy snowman and the need to let things go … isn't awful. In fact, it's a really quite wonderful film.
I've indulged in this, of course. I've sniggered inwardly at the wide-eyed idiocy of mothers buying hers-and-hers Elsa dresses to wear with their daughters on Halloween. I've rolled my eyes at hipster dads earnestly discussing – through their stupid beards – Anna's feminism and the post-ironic phallocentric dialectic of Olaf the snowman's carrot nose.
Frozen-mania: how Elsa, Anna and Olaf conquered the world Read more
But then, as the New Yorker editor David Remnick once wrote, the English are the only people who feel Schadenfreude towards themselves. And, as I am nothing if not irredeemably English – and as I have already taken delight in my own public suffering over my love for rugby, Bono and Sir Roger Moore – I am really rather enjoying my new plight. I have seen Frozen, and I liked it. Enough to write this piece.
Idiot.
It happened at the close of a week's holiday at home with my wife and two daughters. At ages three and one, said daughters are unfortunately the kind of little plague-carriers that any playgroup (or passing contact with any other small, mucus-flecked biped) will make of any otherwise wonderful child.
Frozen 2 announcement makes little Elsas – and Disney shares – jump for joy Read more
And so, the little darlings were duly ill, sporting a potent concoction of cold, cough, ear infection and pink eye – the last affliction making the younger, balder one look and act like Ren, John Kricfalusi's splenetic cartoon chihuahua. The older one, rounder and more relentlessly cheerful, cavorted (as usual) like Stimpy.
That description alone speaks to my usual taste in cartoons – but just as if I were Mr Horse and two rubber-nipple salesmen called round, the situation quickly deteriorated. We were stuck indoors. There was urine on the couch and vomit on the duvet; there were boogers smeared behind the radiator. A hundred snacks lay half-eaten; a thousand bottles littered the floor. And that was just Saturday morning. In despair, my wife and I cracked.
We obtained something hitherto only available to my daughters (like Hello Kitty and tolerance) as a treat if they visit the twins next door. We downloaded Frozen.
Causing a divorce is the least of Frozen's crimes Read more
My wife made her excuses and went for a nap. And so – not without a certain delight in my own suffering, of course – I sat on the couch, a sniffling bacillus tucked cosily on either side. As I did so, I remembered that the piece in which Remnick made his famous observation was about Tony Blair's second re-election, and was titled The Masochism Campaign. Perhaps, like proctology and holidays in Wales, this would be good for me in the long run.
It turned out it was good for me – but more immediately and not quite in the way I'd expected.
You see, I don't like Disney. I don't like the drawings, I don't like the syrupy, insipid songs that slide down like a spoonful of sick, and I don't like the incessant drivel about love and being true to yourself and others and finding the hero within. I don't like the way the female characters are always princesses, or dream of being princesses, and seem to find fulfilment only in the arms of a man.
Why Frozen's Let It Go is more than a Disney hit – it's an adolescent aperitif Read more
I don't like the whitewashing of American history in stuff like Pochahontas; I don't like the appropriation of black culture in dreck like The Princess and the Frog, or African culture in clichéd, simpering dung like The Lion King. And it's not just modern Disney: Bambi doesn't make me cry and I really don't like Mickey Mouse, the relentless, disc-eared little prick.
And so, as I sat down to watch Frozen, I was convinced I was about to endure a miserable hour leavened only by the grateful silence of my sniffling offspring. And at first, as Anna and Elsa cavorted in the palace, as Elsa's powers were revealed to be beyond her control, as the king and queen went to their watery grave and the songs came and went – and as Anna fell for the damned, predictable prince – I was entirely unmoved.
And then, I wasn't. I began to follow the plot. I cared. The damned thing started to move me – to cast its spell, if you really must. Obviously, my kids were enjoying it, wide-eyed and rapt. But so was I.
I was engrossed.
My year of warming to Frozen: several million children can't be wrong Read more
Anna's quest to find her sister and release her from her curse was … affecting. Kristoff's mutually dependent relationship with his reindeer was … endearing. The snowman-golem-thing was … pleasantly frightening. Even Olaf, despite or perhaps because of looking disturbingly like a chap I know, was … amusing.
The script was excellent, the voice casting on point, the knowing lines for the adults well-spaced. The animation was sharp and remarkably expressive, the story moved along at a clip and the inevitably English-accented bad guy was pleasingly informative about the intricacies of 19th-century trade negotiations.
I'm not sure my daughters took that in, or indeed how much they took in at all. But they were silent and happy and not one droplet of snot was sneezed or wiped onto my clothes, face or mortal soul. For an hour and a half, they simply forgot to be ill.
And, at the end, Anna fell for the proletarian, not the prince. And the prince turned out to be a bit of a bad guy. And Elsa learned that her sister was there for her and that, yes, she should simply be herself.
If my girls got all that, great. And if, instead, they come to get it over the next 2,000 sittings, that will be great too. I won't particularly mind. I'll watch with them, sometimes.
I'll still plug my ears during the songs, though. Christ. Enough already. Let them go.
Jason Friedberg (born October 13, 1971) and Aaron Seltzer (born January 12, 1974) are an American-Canadian film director and screenwriter team known for making parody movies that have received extremely unfavorable reviews, but have generally done well at the box office. They were part of the writing team for Scary Movie and Spy Hard, and have written/directed films such as Date Movie, Disaster Movie and Vampires Suck.
The duo have often been strongly criticized for their style of humor, regarded as lazily capitalizing on passing trends and mistaking fleeting references for jokes. Their work has often been nominated for Golden Raspberry Awards, though the two have never won one themselves. Some of the films the pair have personally written and directed have become regarded as some of the worst films of all time.
Biography [ edit ]
Interviews with the duo are rare, but in an exclusive 2014 interview with the publication Grantland, their background was discussed: Seltzer is part of a Canadian shoe salesmen family from Mississauga, Ontario, and Friedberg, who was born in Newark, New Jersey, was raised in Paterson, New Jersey and is the son of director Rick Friedberg. Seltzer and Friedberg met at the University of California, Santa Barbara and bonded over their love of film, especially comedy. Both are Jewish.[1] They did not attend film school, with Seltzer majoring in art history and Friedberg in history, but decided to try a career in the film industry after attending a class about Martin Scorsese in their last semester.[1]
Spy Hard and Screenwriting [ edit ]
While writing screenplays at night, both spent the day attending jobs to pay their tuition, selling homemade T-shirts, starting their own food delivery service, and opening shoe shops in Los Angeles. When Rick Friedberg made the comic instruction video Bad Golf Made Easier with Leslie Nielsen, he showed his son's script for a spy film spoof to him. Nielsen approved, and this led into 1996's Spy Hard.
Friedberg and Seltzer then spent some years as screenwriters for hire, with Seltzer estimating the duo sold "upward of 40 scripts". The only finished project was an uncredited rewrite to the Jean-Claude Van Damme film Maximum Risk (1996), while an unproduced Liberace biopic (unrelated to Behind The Candelabra) introduced them to future collaborator and producer Peter Safran. In 1998, Safran managed to sell to Dimension Pictures a horror film spoof spec script of Friedberg and Seltzer named Scream If You Know What I Did Last Halloween, later reworked by four other writers under the title Scary Movie. The film was a sleeper hit in 2000, and brought much attention to Friedberg and Seltzer.
Directing [ edit ]
Tired of unmade projects as screenwriters, and with Regency Enterprises unable to find a director for their romantic comedy spoof, Seltzer and Friedberg opted to direct Date Movie (2006) themselves.[1] Date Movie opened with $12.1 million and earned $48.9 million overall.[2] Moving forward, they would direct their own scripts, leading to a long tract of parody films, spoofing major blockbusters. Disaster Movie opened with $5.8 million and earned $14.2 million total in the United States.[2] Vampires Suck, which opened on a Wednesday, earned an estimated $19.7 million in its first five days.[2]
Upcoming projects [ edit ]
Friedberg and Seltzer announced their intention to release Who the F#@K Took My Daughter?, a parody of Taken.[3] On February 8, 2017, it was reported they were developing a parody of Star Wars titled Star Worlds Episode XXXIVE=MC2: The Force Awakens The Last Jedi Who Went Rogue.[4] Filming was set for fall 2017[5], but no news has emerged since.
Filmography [ edit ]
Other [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Recurring cast members [ edit ]
Criticism [ edit ]
Yes, we all know that a lot of movies put aside the more artistic aspects of film making to solely make a profit; we're not naive. But, the films that these two directors make are so blatant at being nothing more than a juvenile finger pointing at an image or mention of a popular trend that, to me, they seem exploitive of a young culture raised to have an ever-decreasing attention span, thanks to the internet and channel surfing and, this may sound a little crazy, but, I think it shows a slight de-evolution in what people will accept as entertainment. —Korey Coleman of Spill.com, 2010.[31][dead link]
The critical reception of Friedberg and Seltzer's films has been extremely negative.[32][33] Disaster Movie and Meet the Spartans were rated the two worst films of 2008 by The Times.[34] Additionally, every film they have directed has made it into Rotten Tomatoes' "Worst of the Worst" for the 2000s, only one scoring a spot outside of the bottom 25.[35] The pair appear more often than any other person on the fan-voted list of "The 50 Worst Movies Ever" in noted British film magazine Empire; almost all of their films appear with a rank, and all are mentioned in the full review text.[36]
The duo is frequent nominees of the Golden Raspberry Awards. The first was the Worst Screenplay nomination for Epic Movie at the 2007 Razzies[37] and the following year the pair were nominated for Worst Picture, The Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay for both Meet the Spartans and Disaster Movie.[38] At the 2011 Razzies, Vampires Suck was nominated for Worst Picture, The Worst Director, The Worst Screenplay, and Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-Off or Sequel.
Critic Josh Levin of Slate commented that "Friedberg and Seltzer...are not filmmakers. They are evildoers, charlatans, symbols of Western civilization's decline..."[39] Josh Rosenblatt of The Austin Chronicle said that "Writer/directors Friedberg and Seltzer are a scourge. They're a plague on our cinematic landscape, a national shame, a danger to our culture, a typhoon-sized natural disaster disguised as a filmmaking team, a Hollywood monster wreaking havoc on the minds of America's youth and setting civilization back thousands of years."[40] Austin critic and animator Korey Coleman, of Spill.com and Double Toasted, has claimed that he is "bothered" by the duo's films, as he believes they are dumbing down the film industry and popular culture in general.[31]
Critic Nathan Rabin also gave their work an indignant condemnation, calling them "comedy antichrists"[41] and saying about their films:
"Spoof movies, as practiced by the cultural blight that is Seltzer-Friedberg, aren't just troubling from an aesthetic viewpoint. They're horrifying from a moral standpoint as well. The parody of the Zucker brothers and Mel Brooks is defined by love, knowledge, and appreciation: The Zucker brothers and Mel Brooks love, know, and appreciate the source material they're spoofing enough to get all the details perfect. The comedy of Seltzer-Friedberg, in sharp contrast, is defined by contempt: contempt for the attention span, intelligence, maturity, and frame of reference for the audience, and an even more raging contempt for the source material they're spoofing. Friedberg and Seltzer aren't writers; they're comic terrorists who cavalierly destroy what others create for their own ugly self-interest. Their success is entirely dependent on making comedy a dumber, crasser, less dignified place.[42]
COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- Unlike last week, there weren't national television production trucks parked outside the Bright Football Complex or Kyle Field on Tuesday. There isn't a sizeable buzz or buildup to Texas A&M's upcoming game against SMU on Saturday. The "zoo" or "noise," as Aggies coaches termed what was forming outside of the football facilities in anticipation of the A&M-Alabama tilt last Saturday, is gone for now.
Questions at Tuesday's weekly news conference centered not around national attention or off-the-field matters, but instead about the team, personnel issues, the aftermath of the Alabama game and even coach Kevin Sumlin's offensive principles and coaching roots.
Coach Kevin Sumlin and the Aggies are moving on from the loss to Alabama. AP Photo/David J. Phillip
Inside Bright, everything appears to be business as usual. Coaches and players are going about their regularly-scheduled business. Construction continues on the new lobby at the front of Bright, where the Heisman Trophy and other notable things will be displayed. And the players are focused on putting Saturday's 49-42 loss to No. 1 Alabama behind them.
Win or lose, that was going to be Sumlin's message to them.
"We have nine more games," Sumlin said Tuesday. "That's been my approach to how we've done things wherever I've been, whether [or not] they're big games. To you guys, they're big games and we get that. But they become big when you're winning or you're in a position to have success. So in order to do that, it doesn't matter whether you're mad or you're ecstatic. The next week, you've got to move on and that's what we've done."
The emotion and pageantry that came with Saturday's game, which pitted the Heisman Trophy-winner, quarterback Johnny Manziel, and the No. 10 Aggies (2-1) against the defending BCS champion Crimson Tide, was built up in large part because the Aggies were the only team to beat Alabama in 2012.
Despite the loss, expectations remain the same for the Aggies, who all cited Alabama's title run with one loss as evidence that they, too, can do it. Now that they do have a loss, senior running back Ben Malena feels it will be easier for the players to focus solely on their upcoming game.
"I think it will be easier," he said. "I think it's easier just for the fact that we do have a loss. We understand how important it is to take it one game at a time. It's a one-game season every week and you have to prepare for it like it is a one-game season. This week, we have SMU, we're looking at it, we accept the challenge from those guys and they're going to be coming at us, ready to knock us off. We're going to prepare like we did last week."
When asked after Saturday's loss if it was a "relief" to get past Alabama week because of all the hype and buildup, Manziel maintained that the Aggies as a team did not over-emphasize the game against the Crimson Tide over its other games.
"For me, to be honest, as much as people tried to say it was a big game, I know for the guys in the locker room and the guys who are experienced, I probably came out less nervous today than I was in the other games," Manziel said. "What did we have to lose? The pressure wasn't on us. The pressure was on Alabama to try and three-peat and do all this stuff. We were just going to try to go and play our hearts out and leave it all out on the field and that's all we could do."
A&M did that and came within a touchdown of the champs. If the Aggies can continue to do it, it's reasonable to believe that they have a chance to win the rest of the games on their schedule, though some of the tougher tests include a return trip to Oxford, Miss., against Ole Miss and to Death Valley to meet LSU.
Can the Aggies bring the same kind of emotion to this Saturday's non-conference game that they did to the latest "Game of the Century?" Malena believes they can.
"I don't think it'll be difficult at all for us as a team," Malena said. "That's what championship teams do, play at a consistent level. Have similar emotion within a week-to-week basis. We do understand that last week was a big game and it is going to be challenging to have that same kind of enthusiasm just because of the different circumstances but our play on the field is not going to change, our emotion is not going to change. We're still going to be the same team we were last week, this week."
Arkansas Sen.-elect Tom Cotton hinted on Sunday at exactly what he and fellow Republicans might do in response to President Obama's vow to use executive action on immigration reform: selectively block the president's spending like the GOP did on the Guantanamo Bay prison issue.
Cotton, a House member recently elected to the Senate, told “Fox News Sunday” that the GOP-controlled lower chamber could pass a spending bill that limits the president's ability to spend on Social Security cards for illegal immigrants, who may be granted some type of U.S. residency status through executive action.
Cotton compared the strategy to House Republicans passing a Defense spending bill in June that included a provision that barred funding for transferring detainees in the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, established after the 9/11 terror attacks.
Republicans have opposed Obama's plan to shutter the facility in part by sending detainees to federal prisons on American soil.
Congressional Republicans have been considering several strategies should Obama proceed before the new year with executive action, as he has vowed to do several times in the past couple of weeks.
Among the most drastic is to submit a spending bill that Obama would assuredly veto, which would temporarily shut down parts of the federal government after Dec. 11.
Cotton and Oklahoma Sen.-elect James Lankford, another GOP House member, each told Fox News on Sunday that they are not pushing for a shutdown, which is largely unpopular with Americans.
“I don't think anybody wants to shut down government,” Cotton said.
Lankford said: “We're not pursing some government shutdown.”
The president is expected, by as early as next week, to announce executive action on U.S. immigration law that would protect roughly 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation, change federal law-enforcement programs and expand business visas for non-citizens.
Among the other strategies Republicans are pushing are a temporary spending bill into next year when they control the Senate, suing the president to overturn his action, passing a stand-alone bill to try to stop him and House Republicans writing their own immigration bill to show they are serious about acting and pre-empt Obama.
The Democrat-controlled Senate last year passed bipartisan, comprehensive immigration-reform legislation.
The Defense spending bill also imposed a one-year moratorium on moving detainees to a foreign country, a sharp response to Obama's decision to trade five Taliban leaders who had been held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, a captive for five years in Afghanistan.
Republicans said Obama broke the law by failing to notify Congress at least 30 days before the swap and increased the terrorism risk to the United States with the exchange.
“President Obama's recent exchange of five high-level terrorists without notifying Congress illustrates his blatant disregard for its role as a co-equal branch of government,” Cotton said at the time.
Like many Americans, George Seal sees Thanksgiving as a day for remembering the family members, past and present, who have helped make possible the life he lives and loves today.
Take one of his ancestors: a 17th-century Englishman who attempted and survived a hazardous Atlantic crossing, helped found and lead a new society in what is now Massachusetts, and wrote a history of his life and times.
Or another, a prickly rogue whom the first man disliked, declared guilty of murder and ordered hanged.
Seal happens to descend from what might very well be the two most dissimilar men who sailed to America aboard the Mayflower in 1620: William Bradford, the second governor of Plymouth Colony, and John Billington, a roughneck who was found guilty of killing a fellow Pilgrim over a grudge.
Both took part in the first Thanksgiving feast, 394 years ago. Seal salutes both men as robust early Americans.
"Even Billington wasn't all bad," says Seal, a charter member of the Society of Mayflower Descendants of the State of Maryland. "Didn't he take the same risks as everyone else? They nearly starved that first winter and thought they were blessed with divine fortune to survive. I admire what they all did."
Few people are more enthusiastic about the third Thursday of November than the men, women and children who belong to the General Society of Mayflower Descendants, an association whose 30,000 members have proved a direct line from one or more of the passengers who made the historic voyage.
Headquartered in Plymouth, Mass., not far from the spot where the merchant ship came ashore, the organization boasts chapters in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Canada.
(Closer to home, the Society of the Ark and Dove brings together descendants of the two ships that brought the settlers of the Proprietary Province of Maryland in 1634.)
Seal, the Maryland chapter's oldest member at age 96, was 18 when he attended its first meeting in a room at the Lord Baltimore Hotel in 1938. He was there in the same room when the chapter celebrated its 75th anniversary in 2013.
The Maryland group's 324 members, like those across the continent, agree by charter to "transmit the spirit, the purity of purpose and the steadfastness of will of the Pilgrim Fathers to those who shall come after us — an undiminished heritage of liberty and law."
In Maryland, that translates into raising money for scholarships, conducting educational programs, offering genealogy workshops and attending two banquets — one in the spring, the other the Sunday before Thanksgiving.
The November event, a Thanksgiving-style dinner with turkey, cranberries and pumpkin pie, is a dual fest. It's held in honor of the Mayflower Compact, the governing document that the 41 male survivors of the voyage signed on Nov. 11, 1620, to set ground rules for the colony, as well as the first Thanksgiving a year later.
The Pilgrims are believed to have shared that harvest celebration with a party of Wampanoag Indians sometime between Sept. 29 and Nov. 11, 1621.
This year's event drew about 80 people to an inn in Brookeville Sunday to observe several long-standing traditions. Just before the dinner, for example, an emcee read aloud the name of each Mayflower passenger. With each name, the descendants of that Pilgrim stood to be recognized.
Guests also heard a lecture by filmmakers Andrew Cameron Bailey and Connie Baxter Marlow, whose documentary, "The First Fifty Years," explores what they say was the peaceful coexistence of the Plymouth settlers and their Native American neighbors through 1675.
By some estimates, as many as 35 million people can claim to be Mayflower descendants, including figures as divergent as Sarah Palin, Hugh Hefner, Clint Eastwood, Richard Gere, Cokie Roberts and George W. Bush.
One reason for the high numbers: Although only 52 passengers survived the first winter, including three adult and four teenage women, many survivors had large families.
"We were a prolific people," says James B. Battles of Rockville, governor of the state chapter.
To become a member of the society, candidates must "verify the birth, marriage and death of each person down the line," says Battles. Battles, 71, descends from James Chilton, the oldest Mayflower passenger.
Society researchers helped by completing the "Silver Books," a genealogy of the first five generations of descendants, years ago. A candidate needs to trace his or her lineage only as far back as someone listed in the volume.
But even that can be tricky, says Caroline Fowler, 74, a Severna Park resident who spent three years as Maryland chapter historian, the officer who vets the paperwork of applicants.
Record-keeping hasn't always been as thorough as it is today. New York state, for example, kept no birth records before 1881, and New York City didn't start until 1910.
"It's generations six through nine that can get a little tough," Fowler says.
That leaves some candidates scouring for secondary evidence — inscribed family Bibles, letters, gravestone rubbings — in lieu of official, definitive documents: birth certificates, death certificates, marriage licenses and wills.
Small wonder those who navigate the process end up feeling personally connected to their ancestors — proud of their feats, fascinated by their personalities, eager to share their histories or clear up myths.
Some have several to choose from. Fowler has six Mayflower forebears, including John Alden, the ship's 21-year-old cooper; William Mullins, a 50-year-old who boarded with his wife, Alice, and two children, and military adviser Myles Standish.
She learned long ago that Mullins, Alice and their son died that first year; that Alden, "a decent, hard-working man," married the Mullinses' lone surviving child, Priscilla; that the couple had 11 children, and that Standish "was apparently a real character, a bit of a hothead."
Fowler and her husband, Jim — he descends from another passenger — have shared the tales with their four children and 14 grandchildren. All are members of chapters where they live.
None in Maryland can outdo Ben Proctor, 74, a Lutherville resident whose grandparents, parents and aunts lived in Plymouth and who lived as a child in nearby Newton, Mass.
Proctor, a retired insurance company executive, recalls many a Thanksgiving dinner at a relative's house near Plymouth Rock, where he and his sister took walks between courses.
The British Board of Film Classification yesterday revealed on their website that the previously-announced “Rogue Cut” of X-Men: Days of Future Past will run an additional 11 minutes and 11 seconds longer than the theatrical cut. Following this, director Bryan Singer took to Twitter to clarify that it's in fact even longer than that.
For the record the Rogue Cut of #Xmen #DOFP is more than 17 minutes longer than the original cut. And has a few little changes I made. 🙂 — Bryan Singer (@BryanSinger) April 3, 2015
“It's a big chunk,” writer and producer Simon Kinberg previously said. “A substantial part of the movie. We want to give [fans] the fullest picture of the film — behind the camera, and in front of it.”
There's no official word on when this cut of the film will be officially released, but previous reports indicate it will be this year.
X-Men: Days of Future Past stars Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Hugh Jackman, Michael Fassbender, James McAvoy, Jennifer Lawrence, Halle Berry, Nicholas Hoult, Ellen Page, Shawn Ashmore, Peter Dinklage, Omar Sy, Daniel Cudmore, Fan Bingbing, Boo Boo Stewart, Adan Canto, Evan Peters, Josh Helman, Lucas Till and Evan Jonigkeit. “Days of Future Past” is the highest-grossing X-Men film with $748 million worldwide. It's follow-up, X-Men: Apocalypse, is coming to theaters on May 27, 2016.
Usually three thoughts go through your mind after you publish a tweet: you either feel satisfied over how witty and funny you are, you discover you made a typo or botched a URL, or you realize that you've made a huge mistake. Tokyo-based design firm Information Architects — known for the minimalist text editor IA Writer — is (unofficially) pitching Twitter with a new option to handle erroneous tweets other than deleting them. According to the firm's Oliver Reichenstein, the answer is a "mark as error" button that would strike through the bad tweet. It's a rather clever idea, as it makes it clear to all that the tweet was a mistake, and it also raises a flag to be on the lookout for a followup tweet to explain the error. Unlike the drastic action of deleting a tweet, retweets and replies would remain intact, and there wouldn't be a massive void leading to speculation — why did he delete that tweet? what is he covering up? There are concerns over adding increased complexity and advanced "pro" options to Twitter, as pointed out by the social network's designers when Reichenstein suggested the feature, but we'd be all for it if the error button ever became a reality.
UPDATE: Thats 24 hours folks! If you missed it, check out the Pirate Log above and make sure you head to iTunes to snap yourself up a copy here!
It's pretty crazy to think of all the far-flung places that snowboarding has taken people since its inception. In one of the stand-out sections of Pirate Movie Productions' latest movie ‘Perceptions', we join Gigi Rüf as he snowboards on and around icebergs in Greenland.
Gigi Rüf is one of the most influential riders on the planet in 2015 and blew minds when the first footage of him surfaced, snowboarding on an Iceberg in the middle of the Arctic Ocean in Greenland. It's the kind of visual that's so out of this world that it can be hard to fully comprehend the magnitude of such a feat.
We're hyped to be streaming the full Greenland section from Pirate Movie Productions' excellent movie ‘Perceptions‘ right here at Onboardmag.com for 24 hours only. Of course, the iceberg section is a definite highlight, although the whole part is filled with deliciously eye-watering snowboarding, including some virgin powder lines with Maxim Balakhovskiy, Natas spinning on ice chunks and some heavy kicker stunts from Mr. Rüf.
While the action itself is one thing to behold, the full part complete with the lifestyle and landscape shots and carefully selected music, is a piece of artwork in its own right. Get this thing on full screen, crank the speakers and immerse yourself in some breathtaking snowboarding.
Cross docking is a logistical strategy where products and materials are unloaded from one inbound source (truck, railcar, etc.) and then immediately moved onto outbound transportation with as little storage time as possible. This is desirable because the longer products sit in a warehouse or other storage location, the less overall value they provide.
Why Avoid Storing Products
Any time a product is stored is time that it is not creating value for the company or the customer. In addition, storage time introduces additional risk. The following are some key reasons why a company should avoid storing products by using cross docking:
Drop in Value - Products that are kept in storage can potentially drop in value due to changes in demand, aging issues, and more.
Change in Demand - Demand for most products changes over time and in many cases drops. Products in storage are at risk of becoming undesirable and therefore worth less.
Damage or Theft - Having products sitting on a shelf in a warehouse leaves them exposed to risk of damage, theft, or other issues.
There are many other reasons why avoiding product storage as much as possible is a good idea. Eliminating waste and risk are important for any company and are the focus of strategies such as 5S.
Warehousing and Distribution
Cross docking is most commonly used as part of a company's warehouse and distribution efforts. Many companies have products brought into a warehouse where they are sorted, consolidated, and then put onto another truck or transport vehicle to go out to a retail outlet. These locations serve as warehouses or distribution centers.
The distribution center can accept large deliveries of products, which are then broken up into groups to be sent out to each individual store that they operate. Major retailers such as Walmart are examples of this type of cross docking strategy.
Examples of How Cross Docking Works
Cross docking helps simplify the warehousing and distributing of products for many companies. Before using cross docking, a company often has to have multiple suppliers or sources bringing each product to their retail store. As you can see in the image below, however, cross docking has all the suppliers bringing products to one central location.
From there, the retailer receives the products, sorts them, and then ships them where they need to go. This gives the retailer much more control over which store is going to get which products.
Advantages of Cross Docking
There are many advantages to implementing a cross docking solution in any facility. While certainly not the right logistics strategy for every company, it can provide many great benefits when used properly. The following are some key advantages of cross docking:
Control - Companies get to direct product levels at a much more detailed level. This ensures each retail outlet gets exactly what it needs to meet customer demands, no more and no less.
Just in Time - Cross docking is often used for just-in-time manufacturing where supplies are delivered where they are needed as they are needed to ensure there is no excess storage of parts or products.
Lower Warehousing Costs - With this type of distribution strategy in place, there is much less need for warehousing products, which saves companies money.
Organized - When properly implemented, this strategy can help keep a company's supply line more organized.
Reduced Labor Costs - With less storage and warehousing, there is less need for people handling the products, which can help drive down labor costs.
Working with Third Party Logistic Companies
Cross docking often uses third party logistic companies to help implement and manage the system. These companies are experts at streamlining the receiving, sorting, and shipping of products from centralized distribution centers. Many companies use these logistic experts to get their cross docking system up and running and then take it over to handle for the long term.
Others simply contract the cross docking process out. Third party logistic companies can have one distribution center that serves dozens of companies. All the products for each company are sent to this one center, and the logistics company organizes and distributes all these products. This is a very economical way to handle receiving and distribution, especially for small to mid-sized companies that may not need a full facility for themselves.
Cross Docking Stations Within a Facility
Cross docking is primarily used to handle the incoming and outgoing parts, products, and other items for multiple locations. It is also possible to use cross docking stations to help improve efficiency within a single facility.
A cross docking station can be a specific area within a facility where all parts, products, tool, and other required items are delivered. This station will then go through and sort everything so it is organized and ready to be used when needed. When a specific department within the facility needs something, the cross docking station will have it delivered directly to this area.
Improving Facility Efficiency Using a Cross Docking Station
This can be a very efficient way to keep a workplace more organized. In addition, it can help reduce excess inventory because the one central area will track what is in the facility and what is being used. A facility can make adjustments to the ordering of inventory or other supplies to help minimize the amount they have on hand at any given time.
Another advantage of an internal cross docking station is that it can keep track of a lot of equipment and supplies to reduce the risk of theft or loss. If a department needs to use specific tools for a job, they will have it checked out and the tool will be tracked until it is returned. This process can typically be automated as well to ensure each area has access to what they need, when they need it.
How Internal Cross Docking Can Work
This image shows how a cross docking station or terminal can work within a facility. Supplies are brought in to the receiving area, which is typically on one side of the cross docking station. This is also where any tools or reusable parts and equipment will be returned after use. On the other side of the station is where individuals or departments will pick up the items they need.
Implementing Cross Docking
Cross docking is a big change from what most warehouses and distribution centers do, so it will take some time to implement. In addition to using third party logistic companies as mentioned above, there are also equipment options that can help make the implementation process easier.
Using advanced machines that can read bar codes, QR codes, or RFID tags that are placed on incoming products and then sorting them automatically, for example, is a great way to automate much of the receiving and sorting process. Very advanced facilities, such as those run by UPS, have nearly 100% automation from the time packages are unloaded from one truck all the way through to the point where they are loaded onto an outgoing truck.
Every company will have a different set of requirements, which will require adjustments to the implementation of cross docking. With the right planning up front, however, it is possible to see very significant improvements in efficiency in most companies.
Sources
Israel bombs Syrian army positions on the eve of peace talks in Geneva
Syria peace talks are expected to begin this week in Geneva. And what are the Israelis doing? Bombing Syrian Arab Army positions near the Lebanese border.
Because as we all know, the Israelis are really good at these "ceasefire" things. Especially when they have no business interfering in any way in a conflict:
War by any means Minutes ago, an Israeli warplane conducted an airstrike over the western countryside of Damascus, targeting the Syrian Arab Army's (SAA) positions in the Qalamoun Mountains near the Lebanese border. A Syrian Army source told Al-Masdar this morning that the Israeli warplane had crossed into Syria after flying over Lebanon's ‘Arsal Barrens, where both Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State (ISIS) are headquartered in the eastern Beqa'a Governorate. The Syrian Army source added that the specific location of the attack was in the Jard Nalhleh area of the Qalamoun Mountains.
Oh, isn't that interesting? The Israelis flew over ISIS and al-Qaeda positions — but saved their bombs for the Syrians. Quite telling.
There were no reported casualties.
If Israel admits that it did indeed bomb a sovereign state unprovoked (which is unlikely to happen), it will probably claim that it was targeting "terrorists" such Hezbollah. The problem is that Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has made it clear that Russia thinks Hezbollah has played an important role in defeating ISIS in Syria.
A bit of a diplomatic pickle for the Israelis, no?
Israel doesn't want to return Syrian land that it stole, so it needs the war in Syria to continue. These airstrikes aren't too surprising.
Marine archaeologists working off the coast of Holland have recovered a remarkable trove of well-preserved artifacts from a ship that sank nearly 400 years ago. Among the items is a beautiful silken gown that likely belonged to royalty.
Back in August 2014, divers from the Texel Diving Club discovered an unassuming bundle at the site of a known wreck buried in the sands at the bottom of the Wadden Sea. It wasn't until they brought the package to the surface that they realized what they had found: a trove of incredibly well-preserved antique textiles. This veritable time capsule had been locked in sand for nearly 400 years, immune from the damaging effects of oxygen and marine animals. According to one official, it's one of the most significant maritime finds ever made.
Advertisement
Archaeologists from the Kaap Skil Museum in Holland have been analyzing the contents ever since. Museum officials only disclosed these findings to the public this week in order to protect the site from would-be interlopers.
The extraordinarily well-preserved gown, or frock, is made from silk damask. It features a bodice with loose-fitting sleeves and sleeve caps, and a full pleated skirt which is open at the front. Its style is reminiscent of those seen in paintings from the early 17th century.
Advertisement
Because it doesn't feature any fancy silver or gold embroidery, experts believe the flower-patterned gown was intended for every-day use. That said, the gown's high quality suggests it likely belonged to a noblewoman, or even royalty. A leather-bound book was also found in the bundle carrying the coat of arms of the British king Charles I. This suggests that some of the cargo may have belonged to the Stuarts family of England.
The bundle also contained a jacket, silk knee socks, and silk bodices woven with gold and silver thread (definitely not for every-day use). All the garments were the same size, which suggests they all belonged to one woman, who was apparently rather full-figured. Other items included a comb for lice, Italian pottery, pomanders (spheres with pleasant-smelling contents to offset foul odors), and a bunch of leather-bound books, some with locks.
Advertisement
The dress and the other items are currently on display at a special one-month exhibit at the museum. After May 16th, the artifacts will be returned to the archaeologists for further study.
[The Kaap Skil Museum, The History Blog, Dutch News]
I did a double take when I saw the headline announcing that Angelina Jolie has recently had a double mastectomy.
The woman who has kept stealing headlines for years with her beautiful babies and her beautiful baby daddy, her charitable works and her constantly evolving career was brave enough to put her human vulnerability out there for public consumption in an op-ed in the New York Times titled My Medical Choice. Her goal was to encourage other women at high risk of developing cancer to explore their choices and to take whatever steps may be necessary to save their own lives. Unfortunately the reality for many women in America and elsewhere is that quite often when it comes to making decisions about their health, they often have no choice at all.
In her op-ed, Angelina disclosed that she carries the BRCA1 gene that meant in her case that she had an 87% chance of getting breast cancer and a 50% chance of getting ovarian cancer. Having lost her mother prematurely to the disease at a vulnerable time when she had only recently become a mother herself, she was hyper aware of what it would mean for her children to undergo a similar loss. So she took the plunge and made the probably wise decision to have a preventable double mastectomy.
As a person with breasts, I can only imagine what a difficult decision this was for her to make, (particularly as her pair have had more than their fair share of attention over the years). She acknowledged that the choice she made was not an easy one, but not one she regrets either, particularly as her chances of developing breast cancer since having the procedure have dropped from 87% to less than 5%.
Many women in similar circumstances will no doubt be comforted and encouraged by her experience and her decision to share it. She does have one major advantage over a lot of women dealing with cancer or facing the prospect of developing cancer, however, and this is that for her money is not an object.
She didn't mention how much the procedure or reconstruction surgery set her back, but it's safe to assume she got the best possible care and paid top dollar for it. She did allude to the $3,000 fee for the gene test that led her to make her potentially life saving decision and pointed out that this cost alone can be an obstacle for many women. It certainly is, particularly as the test is not commonly covered by insurance, but the costs of the mastectomy itself and the reconstructive surgery can also be prohibitively expensive, even for women who have decent health insurance.
It's difficult to get an exact estimate of how much such a procedure typically costs because cases vary, insurance packages vary and surgeons' prices vary. Under the Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act (WHCRA), which was signed into law in 1998, most insurance plans that cover mastectomies are required by the law to also cover the cost of breast reconstruction. There are many criteria to be met, however, and there are always exceptions. But even though most cases deemed medically necessary will be covered, women still report having to pay out between $10,000 and $25,000 on co-pays or fees the insurance company will not pick up.
Still at least women who do have health coverage have some chance of getting the care they need. For the estimated 21 million women and girls in America who have no health insurance not only are the costs of such a procedure insurmountable, but they even face obstacles from a hostile congress to gaining access to the most basic cancer screening services.
Every year, for example, millions of women avail of Planned Parenthood, an organization that offers cancer screening services on a sliding pay scale. In 2011, the organization , such as pap smears and breast exams, which accounts for 12% of their total services. Undoubtedly many cancers are detected early because of these screenings and many lives are saved. Yet two years ago, the house of representatives approved an amendment (by a margin of 240 to 185) to cut off funding to Planned Parenthood, all because of their objections to the fact that the organization also offers women the legal medical procedure of abortion. Fortunately the bill never made it past the house but the disregard for women's health was painful to observe.
The same disregard for women's health and for poor people's health in general was evident in the viscous battle over the Affordable Care Act. Miraculously, it survived the various onslaughts, including a Supreme Court challenge, more or less intact and it should make a significant difference to women's health (pdf).
Until now, insurance companies were able to charge women more than men (sometimes 150% more) for comparable coverage and were able to deny women coverage for pre-existing conditions, such as being pregnant. As of 2014, when the act goes into effect, that will no longer be possible.
This should mean that in the near future more women will have access to health insurance and more women will be in a better position to avail of regular screenings and breast exams. This could not be more important since the National Cancer Institute estimates that around 12% of women in America will develop breast cancer in their lives.
Angelina Jolie has done a great thing by sharing her decision to make a brave choice regarding her health. I'm sure she would be the first person to agree, however, that no woman should be denied that right because of a lack of income or insurance.
Stop giving us more of what we can get in the world!
As your millennial correspondent has said for years, if only to his parents: If churches want to bring young people back to worship, give us what we're not getting anywhere else. It's really that simple. Perhaps Boomers needed something “different”; maybe they responded to making the Church more like “the world,” but we're not the Boomers. We've already experienced the Church-like-the-world and now we need something “different,” as in “not of the world.”
We want more. We want more than the caramel macchiato that we can get anywhere. We don't need the Church to give us access to what is “cool.” We have more access to that than we can consume. We want what is true. We want what is beautiful. We want access to it in consistent terms which we may not understand, but can learn through practice. We want access to mean that goes beyond what is cool, or what's trending.
We want what is eternal and if churches can't give us that — if the Church can't give us a break from the world because it has assimilated too much of the worldly — then what's the point?
This is why millennials aren't in the pews.
It doesn't seem like rocket science. Millennials are born with the same potential for spiritual growth that every other generation was born with. The marketing has simply, completely misread us.
America Magazine cites a study done by Georgetown University's Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate, which found that two-thirds of millennial Catholics only attend Mass “a few times a year or less,” a far cry from the majority of pre-Vatican II Catholics (55 percent) who attend Mass at least once a week. Only 41 percent of millennial Catholics receive ashes on Ash Wednesday and only 36 percent give something up for Lent.
Surprisingly enough, 58 percent of us refrain from eating meat on Fridays, during Lent. While fewer children than ever are attending Catholic school, more young people than ever are choosing to attend Catholic universities and colleges. My generation has an obvious attraction to the Church, yet there is still something keeping us from the pews.
Marshall McLuhan was possibly too right when he said, “The medium is the message … ” Seems to me if the Church wants to help millennials find their way back into the pews, their message will have to transcend the medium, instead of getting lost in it.
Rachel Held Evans, writing from a Protestant point of view, recently spelled it out at the WaPo:
Bass reverberates through the auditorium floor as a heavily bearded worship leader pauses to invite the congregation, bathed in the light of two giant screens, to tweet using #JesusLives. The scent of freshly brewed coffee wafts in from the lobby, where you can order macchiatos and purchase mugs boasting a sleek church logo. The chairs are comfortable, and the music sounds like something from the top of the charts. At the end of the service, someone will win an iPad. This, in the view of many churches, is what millennials like me want.
We don't. Catholic or Protestant, we don't want this. You know what we want? As the disciples said to Jesus, “Teach us to pray.” (Luke 11:1). Without that, we haven't a clue how to mature in our faith.
And then, help us to walk as Jesus walked, crosses and all. Which is what He said He wanted, after all.
Read more: A millennial male reveals what he thinks of masculinity
Sgt. Corey Cooper looks over arrest reports with Ofc. Pirsia Allen. Photo by Michael Romain for The Village Free Press.
Friday, June 27, 2014 || By Michael Romain
MAYWOOD–Last night, the Maywood Police Department and the Cook County Sheriff's Department conducted a prostitution sting between 7 PM and 12 AM at the intersections of 5th and Warren and 4th and Lake. According to Maywood Police Sergeant Corey Cooper, authorities arrested 11 people and seized 8 cars in the joint operation, which they've billed Operation Clean Sweep. Sgt. Cooper, who led the tactical effort on Maywood's side, said that the Sheriff's department deployed four undercover officers to pose as prostitutes.
Those two intersections are among at least four prostitution hotbeds in the Village. According to Cooper, prostitution is also relatively pervasive along Madison St., between 1st and 17th, and along St. Charles Road, from 9th Avenue onward. He said that the activity is often correlated with drug use.
“Most of the girls who prostitute are drug addicts,” he said. “We very seldom get call girls. They work in other areas. These are mostly your typical nuisance walkers.”
The sting was the result of a slew of complaints from the residents who live within proximity of the illicit activity. Sgt. Cooper said that most complaints that the departments field regarding prostitution come up in MAPS (Maywood Alternative Policing Strategies) meetings. The sting conducted last night was within MAPS Zone 2. There are four MAPS zones in Maywood.
“We're looking to do another 60 arrests before the summer is out,” Sgt. Cooper said. “That should put a dent in this activity for a couple of months.”
Among the 11 individuals who were arrested, three were from Maywood, while the rest were from other areas, such as Addison, Bellwood, Chicago and Schiller Park.
Each person arrested faces a $500 citation from the County. If they were driving, they face an additional $1,000 in fines to retrieve their vehicles. That amounts to $13,500 in total fines, $8,000 of which will go to the Maywood Police Department to use at its discretion. Maywood Police Deputy Chief Elijah Willis said that the County will donate 80 percent of the $5,500 its owed to a woman' s justice program that it runs, while the remaining 20 percent will go toward a juvenile program.
The County has agreed to withhold the identities of the suspects arrested in exchange for payment of the $500 fine.
“The Maywood Police Department thanks the County for the cooperation and we look forward to working with them in the future,” Willis said. VFP
For regular updates, like us on Facebook:
Allistair McCaw is today's guest on The Tennis Files Podcast. Allistair is a world class sports performance specialist and owner of The McCaw Method. He has trained some of the best tennis players in the world, including Kevin Anderson, Svetlana Kuznetsova, Xavier Malisse, Bernard Tomic, and Jelena Dokic.
Allistair talks about the importance of setting standards when working with athletes and parents, and how playing other sports will make us better tennis players. He explains that we first have to focus on the fundamentals and then take care of the “one-percents” to maximize our athletic capabilities. Allistair also answers several audience questions on injuries, imbalances, recovery, training, and dealing with the heat.
On this episode, you will learn:
The importance of setting standards
The role of coaches and parents in developing an athlete
Why coaches must make a connection with their students
How playing multiple sports can help tennis players improve
How becoming a better athlete will make you a better tennis player
Why taking care of the small things matter
The fundamentals of becoming a better athlete
Why you can't afford to not stretch
How to prepare for and deal with extreme heat
How to recover from your injuries
and more.
Thanks to Allistair for being on the show, and for teaching us the principles that we must follow to achieve athletic and personal excellence. His passion and energy for making people better is something that every athlete, coach, and parent can learn from. Take Allistair's advice to heart and you will take your game to the next level.
Subscribe to automatically download new episodes
[button link=”https://tennisfiles.com/itunes”]Subscribe on iTunes[/button] – Click the blue “View in iTunes” button then hit “Subscribe”
Or hit the subscribe button in your favorite podcast app!
Links Mentioned in This Episode
McCaw Method Website
McCaw Method Facebook Page
Allistair's Email Address
McCaw Method Twitter Page
McCaw Method Performance Products
The Building Blocks of Tennis Success eBook Subscribe to get my free eBook and learn about goal setting, training smart, proper technique, mental fortitude, the importance of competition, health and fitness, and more! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription and download your free eBook. Thanks for being a valued Tennis Files subscriber! I am proud to serve you 🙂
It might sound like common sense, but France is set to put an end to the practice of doctors and their students carrying out rectal and vaginal examinations on patients who haven't expressly given their permission.
The reason? It was revealed that some doctors have been using patients under general anesthetic as teaching tools for their students.
While doctors claimed it was simply medical teaching, others were outraged that male and female patients hadn't given their permission.
Among the most vocal were a group of fifty doctors, feminists, and social workers, who wrote an open letter to the French government in February demanding a change to the system.
The group noted that medical directors had been quoted as saying they didn't ask for permission because patients "might say no", or even that it was "preferable" that the patients "don't remember that people unknown to them have 'had a look'".
Women's rights group Osez Le Féminisme said the examinations met the legal definition of rape in that they were “An act of sexual penetration committed on another, either by violence, restraint, threat or surprise”.
One former student doctor told L'Express that she remembered carrying out gynocology exams on unconscious patients at a Paris clinic. "Before the operation, we were told we could make a vaginal examination when the patient was asleep. We all took turns without asking any questions," she said.
In response to the revelations, Health Minister Marisol Touraine asked for an official report to be carried out by teaching hospital medical deans, who came back with troubling figures.
They said no patient consent had been obtained for for one in three pelvic examinations by first-year students, or one in five such procedures carried out by more experienced students.
Touraine said the report was "very worrying" and "condemned with the utmost firmness these illegal practices".
"The state will be extremely firm against these unacceptable practices which undermine the integrity of the human body and the human rights of patients," she said in a statement
The minister added that new measures would be taken to ensure no one in France would be examined by third parties if they hadn't given prior permission.
The woman said she was high and walking alone when the cop stopped her. He searched her, she said, finding a crack pipe, which he told her to smash. Then he drove to her house and raped her on her own bed, keeping his gun belt on during the ordeal, she testified.
The witness is one of 13 black women who have accused Daniel Holtzclaw, 28, a former Oklahoma City police officer, of sexually assaulting them while on duty. Holtzclaw faces 36 counts, including sexual battery, forcible oral sodomy and rape. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
As she spoke to the court two weeks ago about her alleged rape, the woman wore an orange uniform, her hands and feet in shackles, as she herself was currently jailed on a drug charge.
It was hard not to see the moment as symbolic. The 13 women who came forward -- many of whom have criminal records and substance abuse problems -- have faced attacks on their credibility during the course of the trial. Because of their histories, it seemed they were on trial as much as Holtzclaw.
As the case draws to a close, a picture has emerged of a predator who allegedly targeted the most vulnerable women in society using the power of the badge. Holtzclaw would stop the women in his patrol car, often when they were walking alone. He'd search them for drugs and run criminal background checks to see if they had a record, or were wanted on a warrant. Then, they said, he would force them into sex, threatening them with arrest if they didn't comply.
"What kind of police do you call on the police?" One of the witnesses, who was only 17 at the time of the alleged rape.
One woman alleged that she was handcuffed to a hospital bed, high on PCP, when Holtzclaw forced her to perform oral sex on him. Another woman testified that Holtzclaw ran her name and found out she had city warrants, and then drove her to an abandoned school and raped her.
Another victim explained to the court that she didn't tell anyone about Holtzclaw's alleged abuse because she'd "never been on the right side of the law." The last woman to testify, who was only 17 at the time of her alleged rape, summarized the group sentiment with one salient and heartbreaking question: "What kind of police do you call on the police?"
The alleged assaults occurred over a period of seven months. The investigation into Holtzclaw was triggered after one victim, who has been identified by local media as a 57-year-old grandmother, went to the police and reported a sexual assault.
A recent Associated Press investigation of sexual misconduct by U.S. law enforcement found almost 1,000 cops who lost their badges over a six-year period for sexual misconduct -- a number the AP called "unquestionably an undercount."
"It's because they're black women, they're poor women," said Grace Franklin, activist and co-founder of OKC Artists For Justice, who has been organizing support for the victims.
She said that Holtzclaw's defense attorney was very aggressive when cross-examining the women, constantly reminding the jury of their various criminal records and histories of drug use in an attempt to destroy their credibility. "[Holtzclaw] purposely chose them because of those things," Franklin said.
"They are not the perfect victims, because that doesn't exist." Salamishah Tillet, co-founder of the nonprofit group A Long Walk Home.
She said she was optimistic about the outcome of the trial because of the physical evidence and testimony presented, including DNA evidence.
"We want this case to be a warning for this country to wake up and deal with the rape and sexual assault epidemic that's happening right now," she said.
Salamishah Tillet, co-founder of the nonprofit group A Long Walk Home, said she was disappointed the trial hasn't resulted in a greater public outcry, given that it involves a trifecta of police brutality, racism and sexual violence.
"You have the most vulnerable population experiencing an intersection of violence here, and it's not surprising that they remain invisible in a lot of ways," she said.
Tillet said the lack of interest was likely due in part to the nature of the offense: Sexual violence is just not taken as seriously as other crimes.
"The fact that these women were sexually assaulted by a police officer fits squarely within a narrative of racial inequality and racial violence, but we don't call it that because they were women," she said. "They are not the perfect victims, because that doesn't exist."
Closing arguments are scheduled for Monday. An all-white jury will decide Holtzclaw's fate.
Resumes are dead. Interviews are largely ineffectual. Linked-In is good. Portfolios are useful.
But projects are the real future of hiring, especially knowledge working hiring. No matter how wonderful your references or how well you do on those too-clever-by-half Microsoft/Google brainteasers, serious firms will increasingly ask serious candidates to do serious work in order to get a serious job offer.
Call them “projeclications” or “applijects.” World-class talent will engage in bespoke real-world projects testing their abilities to deliver real value on their own and with others. Forget the “What's Your Greatest Weakness?” interrogatory genre; the real question will be how well candidates can rise to the “appliject” challenge and help redesign a social media campaign, document a tricky bit of software, edit a Keynote presentation, produce a webinar or peer review a CAD layout for a contract Chinese manufacturer.
Exploitive? Perhaps. But most organizations have learned the hard way that no amount of interviewing, reference checking and/or psychological testing is a substitute for actually working with a candidate on a real project. I know advertising agencies that have an iron-clad, inviolable rule that they will only hire creatives who have successfully done freelance work with an account team. Similarly, a fast-growing Web 2.0 “software as a service” company doesn't waste its time asking coding candidates trick “Python” questions during job interviews; they have potential hires participate in at least two “code reviews” to see what kinds of contributors, collaborators and critics they might be.
Yes, candidates must sign NDAs. Yes, sometimes these sessions effectively pit a couple or three candidates against each other. But there's nothing fake or artificial about the value they're expected to offer. These organizations treat hiring as part of their on-boarding process. Hiring becomes more holistic rather than “over the wall.” More importantly, everyone in the enterprise now “gets” that people only get hired if and only if they deliver something above and beyond a decent track record and social graph.
Ethically, the most interesting behavior I've observed is that firms exploring “projeclication” hires aren't asking for free labor. They're paying below-market rates for their candidate's insights and efforts. If I were a 20-something coder or a forty-something marketer, I'd undeniably have mixed feelings about giving my best efforts for discount compensation. That said, it's worth something to know what it's like to really work with one's colleagues on a real project as opposed to the all-too-misleading charade of iterative interviews. To my mind, this approach is an order of magnitude more ethical than the “free” and unpaid internship infrastructure that has gotten so out of control in so many industries.
But just as many organizations have grown more skillful conducting Skyped interviews and using web-based quizzes and questionnaires as qualifying screens for candidates, my bet is we'll soon see new genres of project-based hiring shape enterprise human capital portfolios. Facebook and Linked-In are obvious venues for “app-sourced” — that's “app” as in applicant, not application— business project design. Increasingly, project leaders will design milestones and metrics that make incorporating job candidates into the process more seamless and natural. College graduates, MBAs and older job candidates will learn how to sniff out which “applijects” are genuine invitations to success and which ones are sleazy bids for cheap labor. In the same way job candidates learn how to interview well, they'll get the skills to “appliject” well because they understand how to optimize their influence and impact within the constraints of the project design.
Ultimately, the reason why I'm confident that “projects are the new job interviews” is not simply because I'm observing a nascent trend but because this appears to be a more efficient and effective mechanism for companies and candidates to gain the true measure of each other. Designing great applijects and projeclications will be a craft and art. The most successful utilizers will quickly be copied. Why? Because the brightest and most talented people typically like having real-world opportunities to shine and succeed.
Should your next hire come from a great set of interviews and references? Or from knocking your socks off on a project?
An adapted version of this post is included in the HBR Guide to Getting the Right Job.
If you were shopping for a warp-speed Camaro three years ago, you had two solid but very different choices. You could buy the ZL1, which weighed well over two tons but had a 580-horsepower supercharged LSA V8 with which to file a preliminary injunction against the laws of physics. Or you could choose the Z/28, which cut weight, added trick spool-valve shocks, and relied on the legendary 427-cubic-inch LS7 small-block for 505 naturally-aspirated ponies. Most people arrived at the Chevrolet showroom knowing very well which of the two cars they wanted, because the ZL1 had the raw power of a sledgehammer and the Z/28 had the responsiveness of an SK micro-ratchet wrench.
Three years later, some of those customers are likely trading in or returning their leases to the dealership, and they're in luck, because both ZL1 and Z/28 drivers will find the Camaro of their dreams waiting for them right there on the floor between the Silverado CCSB (crew cab short bed) and the Malibu LLAMA (looks like a miniature A7). With the ZL1 1LE, Chevrolet has finally put the peanut butter in the chocolate—or is it the chocolate in the peanut butter?
The bowtie brand has been a regular participant in the previous four editions of our Performance Car Of the Year testing. It won the opener with the Corvette Z51, thrilled us with the Z/28 for 2015, divided our opinions sharply in 2016 with the Corvette Z06, and made it to the podium last year with the astoundingly competent Corvette Grand Sport. All this is to say the ZL1 1LE arrived in Kentucky for PCOTY 2018 starting at a very high bar.
Which it clears easily. The ZL1 1LE combines the freight-train power of the old ZL1 with the track-focused running gear of the Z/28. The 300-pound-lighter Alpha platform displays its racetrack pedigree unashamedly whether it's underpinning a rental-rat V6 Camaro or an F-117-folded-sheetmetal ATS-V. Add in the gloss-black wings-and-splitter aero package that made our white test example look like an anime Stormtrooper, and the result is a car that attacks NCM Motorsports Park with enough ferocious ability to make you think that the “C” in “NCM” stands for “Camaro,” not “Corvette”.
DW Burnett / PUPPYKNUCKLES
Truth is, the 650-horsepower, 6.2-liter pushrod V8 finds a much happier home here than it does in the Corvette Z06. The Camaro may have to cut a much larger hole in the wind, even with the so-called “flowtie” hollow Chevy emblem in the gaping grille, but the same bluff front that costs the ZL1 several MPH down the main straight of our test track also makes cooling the engine a much simpler matter.
Our two days at NCM featured some remarkably high temperatures for September, but the supercharged 1LE didn't exhibit any of the heat issues for which the Z06 has become a bit notorious. It didn't even appear to suffer much supercharger heat soak.
The rest of the car, too, was remarkably immune to heat. The massive Goodyear Supercar 3R tires (305/30R-19 in front and 325/30R-19 in back) held up to repeated lapping sessions without much feathering or unusual wear, and the brake pedal stayed hard despite having to haul the Camaro down from 125-plus about once every 45 seconds.
On the racetrack, the benefits of the aero package are obvious. This is a car that uses its very wide front tires to the maximum possible advantage, steering in with the slop-free confidence we remember from the Z/28. Credit a lack of rubber in the subframes and strut mounts, and credit the aero for making fast corners remarkably drama-free. When the ZL1 slides, it gives you plenty of warning before giving up grip first in the nose, then the tail, in a smooth, progressive manner.
This is not a car for stupid people.
No supercharged ponycar has even been this trouble-free on corner exit. Set the driving mode to “Race” and enjoy smooth, consistent traction-controlled power the instant you roll on the throttle at midcorner. Yes, you can overpower the system and make it hoon around, but that would be stupid and this is not a car for stupid people. This is a precision tool for drivers with the experience to handle substantial amounts of power and grip wisely.
Through NCM's famous “Deception” turn-and-curb combination, the Camaro simply swallows the entry curb, letting the chassis four-wheel drift out to catch the exit chiclets at precisely the right point. It's a tangible lesson in the advantages provided by high-quality suspension, and it differentiates the ZL1 1LE from less serious track cars such as, oh, I don't know, pretty much all the current BMW M-things out there.
Driving this big-hearted Chevy reminds me of my best days behind the wheel of race-prepped ponycars like the ones that run in NASA's American Iron series. Like this ZL1, those cars use sophisticated brake and damping upgrades to turn sleepy street Camaros into track-focused terrors. Also like the ZL1, there's still plenty of evidence left that they started out as mass-market two-door sedans with severe cost and materials compromises.
That's why you'll find some pretty cheap trip and materials inside this $70,000 car. And it's why all of the annoyances of airport-rental Camaros, from the miniature windows to the weird reverse-angle infotainment screen to the Miata-grade trunk space, are still present and accounted for. If it bothers you, feel free to spend your 70 grand on a Porsche or a Bimmer or an Audi. Just don't expect to ever come close to the ZL1 around a racetrack—and don't expect to experience the kind of childlike joy you'd get from stirring the stout gearbox and booting the 650-horse V8 down NCM's back straight. This is a Camaro to earn the respect of the most snobbish Euro-centric track rat. Was it good enough to beat out a McLaren, a Lamborghini, and seven other brilliant automobiles for the PCOTY crown? Stay tuned to find out.
Buy Photo Bernie Sanders speaks at an April 12 rally at Marist College's James J. Recreation Center. (Photo: Patrick Oehler/Poughkeepsie Journal)Buy Photo
NEW PALTZ - The mid-Hudson Valley is about to feel the "Bern" again.
Former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will join congressional candidate Zephyr Teachout for a rally in New Paltz Friday, according to an email from the Teachout campaign.
The rally is scheduled for 11 a.m. in Hasbrouck Park in the village. Teachout's campaign is asking attendees to RVSP on her website, www.zephyrteachoutforcongress.com.
Five months ago, a Sanders visit to Poughkeepsie drew thousands of supporters and swelled enthusiasm in advance of the New York primary election. He ultimately lost the Democratic presidential nomination to Hillary Clinton, though he was the preferred choice of most areas of the mid-Hudson Valley.
Teachout, a Democrat, is vying for the 19th Congressional District seat against Republican John Faso of Kinderhook. The 19th district includes most of Dutchess County and all of Ulster, Columbia and Greene counties. Republican Chris Gibson, also of Kinderhook, is vacating the seat after his term ends this year.
Teachout ran against Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the 2014 Democratic Primary, and lost.
Teachout, a Fordham University Law School professor, has ties to the area. She owns a home in Clinton and recently married Nick Juliusburger in a small ceremony in Dover Plains on Aug. 27.
Sanders has been campaigning for democratic candidates, including Clinton.
About 4,100 attended a rally on April 12 at Marist College in the Town of Poughkeepsie when the Independent U.S. senator from Vermont made his pitch in the Democratic Presidential Primary.
CLOSE Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks at Marist College. Alex H. Wagner/Poughkeepsie Journal
During his speech, Sanders recalled the legacy of Franklin D. Roosevelt, whose Hyde Park home he visited before taking the stage at Marist, and vowed to fight for the working class and the poor.
Following the speech he continued to make waves on social media by stopping for food at Fishkill's Red Line Diner.
CLOSE Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks at Marist College. Alex H. Wagner/Poughkeepsie Journal
In Dutchess, the primary race between Clinton and Sanders was close, with most Dutchess townships favoring Sanders. Approximately 51.5 percent went for Sanders and 48.5 percent for Clinton. Sanders was especially popular in Ulster County, receiving the support of 62.6 percent of Democrats who voted, compared with 37.4 percent who favored Clinton.
Amanda J. Purcell: apurcell@poughkeepsiejournal.com; 845-437-4807; Twitter: @amandajpurcell
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/2cjpPWC
What I am about to show you is known as the Design Circle or 360 Degree Design principle. It states that you initial design and/or layout is usually correct, but it will never be accepted by the client who will keep changing it until he gets back exactly what he started with.
Let me illustrate this using an example. I was asked to put together a simple static page existing website. It was a bio of a VIP of some sort with name, title, picture and some text. The headers, footers, color scheme and the off-color sidebar part seen in the picture below were all parts of the existing design. All I really needed to do is to copy and paste the text into the template and then put the picture somewhere.
The sidebar area on the page is not really used for navigation but for displaying quotes and/or images related to the content (the navigation is in the header). Thus, it seemed a natural place to put the picture. My original layout looked like this:
I sent the sample to the client and she was not entirely pleased. She asked me if we could “move the picture under the name”. I didn't really know what that meant, and she could not explain it. About 6 emails and a phone call did nothing to actually make this any clearer so I took a guess and did this:
“Better”, she responded, “but it should be to the right”. Fair enough, I flipped the image around and sent it back to her:
Apparently that was not what she wanted. She wanted it “under the name”. We went back and forward trying to define what exactly did it mean. I even took a screenshot of the website and put a grid over with letters and numbers. I was like “right now the picture is in square F5. Please tell me which square should it be now and I will make it happen”. Of course she ignored the grid and after 5 or 6 more emails she finally told me she wanted it to be “above the text, right aligned”.
Hoping that we were finally getting somewhere I repositioned the heading a little bit to accommodate the picture:
This turned out to be wrong. Apparently this was “above the name” according to her. It didn't look “above” to me – it was aligned with the heading, but whatever. She explained wanted it “below the name but above the text”. I figured that this translates into not wanting the text to wrap around the picture.
Now that confused me a little bit as it just seemed awkward. That would push the paragraph down and create a huge gap in the middle of the page. She said she doesn't mind. I asked if she wanted to make the picture smaller, but she said it was the right size.
So I did it, knowing full well that it will get rejected:
She admitted that this created to much of a gap the page and she asked me to move it back to the left and have the top of the picture align itself with the top of the name:
Guess what? Wrong again. She wanted the “far left” or the sidebar. Where does this get us? Back to the square one:
I took the original design and re-sent it to her. Verdict: Perfect!
Actually she was very proud of herself for figuring out the right layout.
“It took quite a bit of tweaking but I think we finally got the right design for this page! Thanks for your help Luke.”
No problem! It's not like I have like 20 other projects that are due yesterday sitting on my desk. It was totally worth the time. I mean, I'm really glad we didn't go with that first draft layout I sent to you. That would have been a disaster.
I probably should mention this is not the first time this has happened, and not the first person who insisted on going through this exercise. This is actually a typical design procedure for me. I make something, they change it and re-design it until they get back to the initial design.
The downside of this is that a simple 5-10 minute task turned into a drawn out project that took 3 days to accomplish and required over 20 emails and 4 phone calls to complete.
Fun times.
Gaming headsets are great to use when playing games that require accurate audio and team communication. The only bad thing is that headsets can get annoying with cords everywhere. That's why wireless gaming headsets are so convenient. Not only that, but you can keep talking to your buds even if you get out of your chair for a stretch or water break.
However, just because a gaming headset is wireless, doesn't mean that it'll be an ideal experience. Sure it could have good audio or good battery life, or even look cool–but what do those things amount to when you can't even wear the headset without your ears hurting?A lot of gaming headsets–wireless or wired, are bulky or too expensive for what you get. Your ears will get too sore or hot after a few hours.
In this detailed roundup list of the most comfortable wireless gaming headsets for PC gaming, I've tried some of the best headsets and done plenty of research to root out the headsets that have the highest comfort levels. Each one of these headsets is VERY comfortable, and they have good other features to boot (color customization, sound quality, and overall battery performance).
TL;DR?
If you want the most comfortable wireless gaming headset for PC gaming and don't have a budget, I would recommend the Siberia 800s since they have the best audio, features, and comfort.
However, if you're on a budget but still want core features and design, check out the Corsair Gaming VOID. Lastly, if you don't have much money at all but want something very functional and simple, check out the outstanding H800s.
Important Note:
A lot of headphone audiophiles recommend just getting a good pair of headphones with a studio microphone like the Blue Yeti. If you prefer audio quality over the convenience of a comfortable wireless gaming headset for PC gaming, this could be a good approach if you don't want a headset, and for that combo, I would recommend getting the Yeti and the Sennheiser HD 598 (Sennheiser is a great brand for audio quality + comfort/reliability ).
Most Comfortable Wireless Gaming Headsets for PC Gaming
#5 Logitech H800 $60-70 (Great first headset)
The Logitech H800 might not have the best sound quality, or the best microphone quality, or even the best look. It's also missing features you'll see that the other headsets in this list have (Dolby surround sound, mute indicators, distinctive coloring, or padded grips and tops)–but what it does have is pure COMFORT. These are one of the most comfortable wireless gaming headsets for PC gaming that you can find for the price–if not the only one.
The sides of the mic fit comfortably over your ears EVEN with glasses, and the microphone folds up and charges with micro USB making it a great headset for on the go use as well or holidays. It doesn't bombard your ears with weighty cushion or form a suction cup on your head. It's light, breathable, and simple to wear. In addition, I am also very impressed with its sound quality and microphone recording quality for the price.
Sure it might not sound like a $200 microphone, but this is the best headset for everyday gamers using a microphone for Discord, Skype, or Teamspeak.
#4 SteelSeries Siberia 800 Gaming Headset $250-260 (Audiophile or those who want the best)
If you have a bigger budget for a comfortable wireless PC gaming headset, you ought to splurge a little on the SteelSeries 800 Wireless Gaming Headset. This headset has a padded top as well as closed-back ear cups with memory foam ear cushions. Each surface feels like smooth leather and it doesn't heat up the ears after extended use.
The device also has an attractive orange and black color scheme, and overall the device just feels super premium with Dolby virtual surround sound bringing audio to life and a lite on the microphone that serves as a mute indicator. Other cool features include sound share and a click wheel that lets you control audio from the ear cup. The headset also has excellent passive noise isolation.
As far as battery life? Well, how does 20 hours sound with a replaceable battery pack? Yup, this bad boy comes with TWO. So if you're in the middle of a raid, you don't have to worry about having your head at an awkward angle just to be able to charge the device.
The Razer ManO-War Gaming Headset strikes a good middle ground between the last two mentions. You won't get as good audio here as the Siberia, but you will still get 7.1 surround sound, nifty features like the mute indicator, quick action controls, and 7.1 surround sound.
Battery life for the ManO-War is still good at 14 hours, and the headset has a unique color system built in that lets you swap between “16.8 million” color variations (red, green, blue, etc.fairly).
#2 Logitech G930 $88 (Slightly better than the H800's for gaming)
If you want something a little more “hardcore” than the H800's, you should consider checking out the G930 headset. For a bit more, you get higher quality 7.1 Dolby surround sound, programmable keys on the side, a mute lite indicator, as well as some benefits from Logitech's gaming software (voice morphing is FUN!) and the “gaming headset” look.
The ear cups are relatively deep and comfortable enough giving your ears plenty of room and they aren't too bad to wear with glasses. Audio here isn't anything to brag about since sound can sound a bit muddled and too bassy–but for basic gaming, it should be fine. Battery life is shorter than some options, giving around 10 hours.
#1 Corsair Gaming VOID $99.99 (Like the G930, but $10 better – Best Headset for the price)
Last but not least, we have the Corsair Gaming Void, which is, perhaps the best and most comfortable wireless headphones for PC gaming, striking a great balance between sound, comfort, price, and looks.
The Corsair Gaming Void is around the same price range as G930, but for a little extra cash you get some better features like 14-18 hour battery life (when compared to 10), customizable color options on the side of the headset, as well as memory foam cups on the side of the headset.
The microphone for the VOID is also cool since it has some visual indicators about how your voice sounds letting you know if its muted or if there's low battery life.
Last fall, a top Denver Public Schools administrator sent an email to 10 secondary principals asking that high schools and sixth-12th grade campuses push their start times later this year—to 8 a.m.
It would have meant changes at many of the city's secondary schools, most of which start between 7:15 and 7:45 a.m.
But most students and parents shouldn't expect to see any schedule shifts this fall. Only one of the schools that received the email—Denver Center for International Studies-Baker—changed its start time, moving from 7:25 to 7:55 a.m.
A handful of Denver high schools, including the new Northfield High, Manual High and DSST charter high schools, also have start times of 8 a.m. or later this year, but such schedules were either already in place or planned prior to the email request.
While district administrators say there was never any mandate to push back start times at other schools, the email appears to be more than a casual suggestion.
Fred McDowell, the district's former instructional superintendent for high schools, wrote in the email, “The data indicates a direct correlation to student levels of alertness and engagement. Therefore we are asking all high schools and 6-12 campuses to institute a start time of 8am beginning in the 2015-16 school year.”
Towards the end of the email, he wrote, “There will be ongoing discussion in order to work out the logistics and support needed to operationalize this across DPS (Food Services, Transportation, Athletics, After school Activities, and etc).”
Rise & Shine Colorado Get Colorado's most important education stories delivered to your inbox daily Subscribe “Chalkbeat is my go-to education news source. Typically, Chalkbeat is the place to find out about district news before you hear about it anywhere else.” — Amy M.
The email went to principals at most of the district's traditional high schools on Nov. 14. (See the full email at the end of this story.)
Nine months later, it appears miscommunication between top administrators and logistical obstacles stymied the late start proposal. McDowell resigned at the end of the school year and took a job in the School District of Philadelphia. He could not be reached for comment.
Greta Martinez, assistant superintendent for post-secondary readiness and McDowell's supervisor, said the email miscommunicated the district's intention, which was to launch conversations about later start times, not change to them this year.
Asked why McDowell sent the message, she said, “Fred's not here so I can't ask him. It's all in interpretation. I can't guess what he was intending with his message.”
Why are later start times better for teens? Sleep-wake cycles shift during puberty, making it hard for kids to fall asleep as early as they did in elementary school.
Experts say it's normal for teens to stay awake till 11 p.m.
It's recommended that teens get 8.5-9.5 hours of sleep a night.
Research shows that students with early bell times get less sleep than they should, which is tied to lower achievement and higher rates of obesity, depression and car accidents.
Suzanne Morris-Sherer, principal of Thomas Jefferson High School, said she believes later start times are a great idea but aren't currently feasible because of transportation constraints and sports schedules.
When she received McDowell's email last fall, she forwarded it to her staff and asked for feedback to provide to central administrators. About a half-dozen staff members responded, most concerned about the issues she cited.
Morris-Sherer said she didn't recall any follow-up from central administrators afterwards.
The debate about later start times in DPS and elsewhere is nothing new. But with recent calls for change from national health experts and some of DPS's own leaders, the inertia is striking. It's possible this kind of proposals may hold even less sway moving forward given the district's embrace of decentralized decision-making, which gives principals' significant autonomy for making building-level decisions.
Scott Mendelsberg, McDowell's replacement, addressed the issue of decentralization, saying, “It wasn't really about, ‘We don't have to do what they're asking.' I think principals thought it would be an okay idea, but really did worry about the logistics of this.”
“It's a little surprising that more didn't go to this model, but I don't think it's a dead issue.”
Martinez agreed, saying there will be further conversations about moving start times with even more schools involved than the 10 targeted by McDowell's email.
“I think we just needed a little better messaging about what this means and what this looks like,” said Mendelsberg.
The early side of late
While the 8 a.m start time McDowell requested last fall would have moved district high schools in the right direction according to research, it wouldn't have gone as far as experts recommend.
A policy statement released by the American Academy of Pediatrics last fall recommended start times of 8:30 a.m. for middle and high schools. And in 2002, the Colorado PTA passed a resolution urging state and federal legislation for 9 a.m. secondary start times.
Cindy Daisley, the group's president and the mother of two North High School graduates, said even 13 years later, it's still a big issue.
“I would love to see something happen districtwide, even statewide, because I think it's important for our teenagers to perform better,” she said.
When her twin boys were in high school, she said, “getting them out of bed in the morning was so painful for all of us because they just required that much sleep.”
There's science to back up her experience. It indicates that teens need 8.5-9.5 hours of sleep a night and are hardwired to favor later bedtimes.
The American Academy of Pediatrics' policy statement on start times noted that teens who get enough sleep are at reduced risk of being overweight or suffering depression, are less likely to be involved in car accidents, and have better grades and higher standardized test scores.
Generally speaking, no one disputes the research on teen sleep habits and later school start times. The sticking point is putting it into practice.
Navigating logistics
So what makes it so hard to change high school start and end times?
One of the biggest issues is the transportation jigsaw puzzle. Because middle and elementary school bus routes usually follow early-morning and early-afternoon high school routes, changes to the high school schedule can impact schools all down the line.
Even in DPS, where few high schoolers use district buses, transportation still matters. In part, it's because special education students do rely on yellow buses to get to high school, so moving their start times could mean fewer district buses available to transport younger children.
Morris-Sherer said even with the current 2:50 p.m. dismissal at Thomas Jefferson, her special education students often have to leave their last class early to make it to the school bus in time. She worried that with a later dismissal time, they'd miss even more of their last class.
“It would just impact my instructional day,” she said.
Later start and end times could also cause transportation woes for general education students. For example, city buses currently make stops on Thomas Jefferson's campus twice after school lets out. If the dismissal time were delayed, Morris-Sherrer said those students could miss the two on-campus buses and be forced to walk across the bridge over Interstate 25 for a later and more inconvenient off-campus pick-up.
Scott Mendelsberg said such issues, which might involve negotiating different on-campus pick-up times with the city bus system, must be addressed at the district level, not left up to schools to handle.
“There are solutions to…some of these concerns,” he said.
The other major challenge in changing start and end times revolves around after-school obligations including school sports, after-school jobs or family responsibilities like caring for younger siblings.
At the 2,500-student East High School, student athletes sometimes miss half of their last class to get to games on time even with the current 7:30 a.m. to 2:45 p.m. schedule. Principal Andy Mendelsberg, who is Scott Mendelsberg's brother, said a later dismissal would mean an even bigger dent in class time.
At Northfield High, where the school day runs from 8:45 a.m. to 4:45 p.m., Principal Avi Tropper said most games will be scheduled for 6 p.m. on weeknights or on Saturdays. For sports like cross-country, in which multi-school meets are often scheduled around 2 p.m., students may have to leave early, he said.
Andy Mendelsberg said with East fielding four teams in almost every sport and limited daylight in late fall, it would be impossible to eliminate weekday afternoon games.
“There's no way for us to work around that…We can't play everybody on Friday and Saturday and get through the season.”
The schools that make it work
While late high school start times are hardly the norm in Denver or Colorado as a whole, they do have a small presence.
Manual's 8:10 a.m. start time has been in place for years, said secretary Carol Grant, who's worked at three high schools during her 20-year career in DPS.
She believes the later start makes it easier for students to get to school on time and that they're more awake once there.
When she worked at West High School, she said, “I'd write a thousand passes in the morning” for the long line of kids arriving late.
But Thomas Jefferson Principal Morris-Sherer said the school's 7:30 a.m. start time is not a problem for most kids.
“I don't have kids falling asleep habitually in class,” she said. “It is what it is. You just adjust your life.”
Andy Mendelsberg said East allowed students to opt for an 8:20 a.m. start several years ago as part of an experiment that added a ninth period to the school day. Only 31 students took advantage of the option.
At the four high school locations of the Denver School for Science and Technology, or DSST, start times range from 7:55 a.m to 8:15 a.m.
The later-than-average start times were intentional, said Andrew Mendrop, manager of communications and development for the charter school network.
The physiology of teenagers was a key consideration, but there were competing priorities, he said. Network leaders didn't want to push start times back so much that it would inconvenience parents dropping their children off before work or students with after-school activities or jobs.
Last year, the Harrison School District near Colorado Springs pushed back start times at all 20 of its schools after a committee studied the issue for two years. High schools now start at 7:45 a.m. instead of 7:20 a.m, and elementary and middle schools now start at 8:35 a.m. instead of 8:10 a.m. (On Mondays only, middle schools start at 10:05 a.m. and high schools start at 9:15 a.m.)
Northfield has the latest start time among comprehensive high schools in Denver, but at least one Colorado district has even later starts.
Middle-schoolers in the Cortez-Montezuma district start their day at 8:50 a.m. and high-schoolers at 9 a.m.
Some Denver students may dream about reporting to school so late, but for now they'll have to keep setting their alarms.
“You gotta live somewhere.” That's what everyone who just bought a house in Toronto says. Yeah, $1,561,780 — the average sale price of a detached home in the Centre of the Universe — is a lot of money. And yeah, maybe it's not a great investment, and maybe that million-dollar mortgage will never get paid off.
[np_storybar title=”Seven ways to cool Toronto's red-hot housing market without hurting everyone else” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/mortgages-real-estate/seven-ways-to-cool-torontos-red-hot-housing-market-without-hurting-everyone-else”%5D
If there is a housing bubble in Canada, experts agree, it is in Toronto. The trick is fixing that without laying waste to other markets across the country. Read on
[/np_storybar]
But hey, you gotta live somewhere.
That mantra has been carrying Toronto's housing market to superheated levels, with average sale prices soaring last month by 33 per cent year over year. And there's no sign that Torontonians' desire to own the roof over their heads has dimmed a whit.
Our policymakers, however, seem convinced that Toronto's housing market is a national crisis. Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau wants a sit-down with his provincial and municipal partners to figure out solutions. Nothing is off the table. Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa thinks the feds should raise the capital gains tax on non-primary-residence transactions. Toronto Mayor John Tory is taking a look at a special municipal tax on unoccupied homes. Both want to discourage “speculators.” Or maybe foreigners: nobody has ruled out a tax on out-of-country real estate buyers, a la the 15-per-cent levy the B.C. government introduced in Vancouver last August.
Well, good luck with all that.
It will be tough. The federal government has repeatedly tried to dampen housing demand with macroprudential policies that make it harder to buy a home. At least by the measure of home prices in Toronto and Vancouver, none of those has work, prima facie.
But what, exactly, does “worked” mean anyway? Market interventionists rarely if ever set a clear goal for home prices. Maybe that's because if they were to set a goal, it would be unreachable, undesirable, or both.
Let's pull out the old back of the envelope. Median family income in Toronto was $75,270 in 2014, the latest year for which statistics are available; if we apply a generous three-per-cent annual increase, our T.O. household gets to $86,183 in 2017. What does “affordable” mean to them?
If we use the Canadian Real Estate Board's affordability calculator, assume property taxes of $400 a month, heating costs of $100 a month and an interest rate of 2.76 per cent (currently the posted rate for a five-year fixed mortgage at RBC), our family could afford a mortgage of about $515,000. Let's further assume they've cobbled together a whopping $85,000 for a downpayment, and our happy would-be homeowners could pay $600,000 for new digs.
That's a lot, but not enough. Never mind that $1.5-million detached house in the downtown 416: a semi there goes for almost $1.1 million, a townhouse for $760,000, on average. If our family expands their search to the entire Greater Toronto Area, the average price of a home is still $916,567. That's 53 per cent more they can afford.
So if, in the best of all worlds, Joe Median could afford an average home in Toronto, prices would have to decline by 50 per cent. Would any politician want to take credit for that?
And would it be achievable anyway? It has happened before, in the early 1990s, but not because of policy tinkering: overheated Toronto home prices back then ran face-first into a recession.
Policy just can't be that effective, or destructive. Some might point to Vancouver and falling prices after B.C. introduced its tax on foreign buyers. But the path to lower prices is over-determined. The cooling could have happened because of China's new capital controls. Or maybe it's Vancouver's crazy winter. (They got one.)
And does it matter? House prices last month were pretty much where they were a year earlier anyway.
Everyone agrees the underlying “problem” is that demand is outstripping supply. True, one way to address that is to try to curb demand. But demand has proven pretty resilient to intervention. And the other side of the equation – supply – is declining, too: active listings in Toronto fell more than 30 per cent last month.
The real, but difficult, answer is that this isn't a “problem” at all. Eventually, rising demand and falling supply will work themselves out. On the demand side, people who would otherwise move into Toronto or Vancouver will choose not to because prices are too high. On the supply side, sellers will eventually have to lower their prices. Or many of them (the boomers) will die over the next 20 years anyway. Or we'll have another recession, replacing the “problem” with another, bigger one.
For now, people aren't selling, whatever the price. And any policy moves designed to curb demand might make the situation worse by curbing supply. For instance, hiking taxes (as Toronto recently did, when it harmonized its duplicative property transfer tax with the province's) can encourage homeowners not to sell. Houses aren't like cigarettes – you can't “quit” needing a roof over your head. If you sell one home, you usually have to buy another. (Or rent one, which in Toronto is worse — believe me.) What good is selling your house at an inflated price when you'll just have to buy another at an inflated price, and then pay a three-per-cent-plus transfer tax on top of all that?
In the end, the “problem” for policymakers is that the buyer's and the seller's mantra is the same: You gotta live somewhere. Until that changes, don't expect policymakers' handwringing, however well intentioned, to amount to very much.
AUSTRALIA'S first hydrogen refuelling station for cars will be opened in Sydney today — and the industry is expected to push for a “hydrogen superhighway” from Melbourne to Sydney.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has beaten hydrogen-car pioneers Toyota and Honda to Australian roads with a family SUV that emits only water vapour from its plastic tailpipe.
The hydrogen-powered Hyundai is on sale in North America, Europe and South Korea and the company wants to sell the same car locally, but as yet there is only one refuelling point for cars.
“There is no technical reason Australia couldn't have a hydrogen highway, it just comes down to investment or petrol stations to get behind it,” said hydrogen car expert Cranston Polson from H2H Energy. “The cars are ready, we just need the refuelling infrastructure.”
Unlike electric cars or petrol-electric hybrids, hydrogen vehicles create their own electricity while on the move.
The other advantage: they can be refilled with hydrogen in the same amount of time as it takes to refuel a petrol car, and the driving distance between top-ups is about the same as regular vehicles.
The hydrogen is used by the on-board “fuel cell” to create electricity which, in turn, either charges the on-board battery pack or powers the car's electric motor, or both.
Australia's first hydrogen pump for cars is located behind Hyundai's head office in the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Park, but the company will allow rival brands' hydrogen cars to use the pump in its bid to get the technology moving.
Japanese giants Toyota and Honda have been developing hydrogen cars for the past decade and began putting a small number of experimental vehicles in customer hands in 2007.
However, Hyundai is the first manufacturer globally to make a hydrogen powered car in mass production; it goes down the same assembly line as petrol and diesel versions of the same car.
This reporter is on Twitter: @JoshuaDowling
Story highlights Mozaffar Khazaee is a naturalized U.S. citizen who also holds Iranian citizenship
If convicted, he could serve up to 10 years in prison and pay a fine of up to $250,000
Shipping crates contained thousands of pages of restricted documents
An engineer who worked for U.S. defense contractors has been charged with trying to ship restricted military documents to Iran, the U.S. attorney's office in Connecticut said.
The documents included material related to the U.S. Air Force's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) program as well as military jet engines
Mozaffar Khazaee, a naturalized U.S. citizen who also holds Iranian citizenship, was arrested at Newark Liberty International Airport last week before he could board a flight to Frankfurt, Germany, according to a statement from the U.S. attorney's office. His ultimate destination was Tehran, Iran.
The 59-year-old engineer is accused of "transporting, transmitting and transferring in interstate or foreign commerce goods obtained by theft, conversion, or fraud."
If convicted, Khazaee, who became an American citizen in 1991, could serve up to 10 years in prison and pay a fine of up to $250,000.
Documents filed with the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut say investigators intercepted a shipment bound for Iran that contained 44 boxes of items marked as "Household Goods"
In the boxes, investigators "discovered thousands of pages contained in dozens of manuals/binders relating to the JSF program," including technical specifications, diagrams and blueprints detailing the inner workings of the jet's engine.
Khazaee last worked for a defense contractor in August. The documents did not name his previous employers, instead referring to them as "Company A," "Company B" and "Company C."
• Draft order: Your club's provisional picks
• Who your club is targeting this off-season
• Click here for the NAB AFL Trade Hub
CLUBS will only receive a first-round compensation pick after losing a free agent in 2015 if the player's new contract ranks them among the top five per cent of AFL wage earners aged 25 and older.
The AFL last week gave club CEOs their first indication of the factors taken into account when determining free agency compensation.
It is believed the CEOs were told the 2015 threshold for a first-round compensation selection is significantly higher this year compared to 2014, when Melbourne received pick No.3 as compensation for losing defender James Frawley to Hawthorn.
It was revealed that the AFL adds all the base and additional services agreement (ASA) payments of players aged 25 or older, of whom there are about 270, to determine where the free agent's new contract sits.
AFL.com.au understands that if a free agent's new contract puts them in the top five per cent of that group at the time the free agency offer is lodged, then their former club is eligible to receive a first-round compensation pick.
To put that figure in perspective, a wage that ranks in the top five per cent of players aged 25-plus would put the free agent among the game's top 15 earners.
Despite the clubs' push to know what that might mean in dollar terms, the AFL explained it was impossible to attach a specific dollar figure to compensation because the numbers constantly changed.
That means the minimum threshold for a first-round compensation pick can change from year to year – or even week-to-week – depending on how many players aged 25 and above move into the higher earning wage category when the offer is lodged.
However, clubs left the meeting with the impression the minimum threshold had increased this year, compared to 2014, due to a surge in the number of AFL players aged 25 and above earning a high wage in 2015.
The AFL also explained that if a player's contract offer ranked in the next 10 per cent band then he would command compensation at the end of the first round, the next 15 per cent earned a second-round pick and the next 20 per cent earned a pick at the end of the second round.
It means that of all 2015's mooted free agency moves, only the new contract reportedly being offered to Adelaide's free agent Patrick Dangerfield is close to earning first-round compensation in this year's trade period, although even this remains uncertain.
In 2014, the AFL annual report showed that six per cent of AFL players (which includes those under 25 and therefore not part of the sample relevant to compensation) earned more than $600,000. However, the figure needed to earn a first-round pick would be different this year.
Melbourne received pick No.3 for newly minted premiership Hawk James Frawley. Picture: AFL Media
The information session came after clubs made repeated calls for transparency during the debate about the compensation Carlton could earn if Matthew Kreuzer left the Blues as a free agent.
One club told AFL.com.au they now understood better why the AFL could not give a clearer indication on compensation, because it was a moveable feast.
Under the formula, the Brisbane Lions could still be in line for a second-round pick (currently No.22) for Matthew Leuenberger, as his new contract might still rank him among the top 30 per cent of players aged 25 and over.
The compensation West Coast could earn if Scott Selwood leaves remains something of an unknown, although Eagles CEO Trevor Nisbett said he hoped for a first-round pick.
Neither the Brisbane Lions nor the Eagles have ruled out the prospect of matching any offer for their restricted free agents if they leave.
Under the rules, compensation is based on the new contract of the free agent and his age.
Draft picks are also allocated to clubs based on the net total points for free agents lost and gained during the transfer period and can be slotted in to one of five places: first round, end of first round, second round, end of second round and third round.
The committee can recommend alternative outcomes to the AFL's football operations manager Mark Evans if the formula produces a materially anomalous result.
It's the Rich Wot Gets the Pleasure
Population is much less of a problem than consumption. No wonder the rich are obsessed by it.
By George Monbiot. Published on the Guardian's website, 27th October 2011
It must rank among the most remarkable events in recent human history. In just 60 years the global average number of children each woman bears has fallen from 6 to 2.5. This is an astonishing triumph for women's empowerment, and whatever your position on population growth might be, it is something we should celebrate.
But this decline in fertility, according to the report the United Nations published yesterday, is not the end of the story. It has now raised its estimate of global population growth. Rather than peaking at about 9 billion in the middle of this century, the UN says that human numbers will reach some 10 billion by 2100, and continue growing beyond that point.
That's the middle scenario. The highest of its range of estimates is an astonishing 15.8bn by 2100. If this were correct, population would be a much greater problem – for both the environment and human development – than we had assumed. It would oblige me to change my views on yet another subject. But fortunately for my peace of mind and, rather more importantly, for the prospects of everyone on earth, it is almost certainly baloney.
Writing in the journal Nature in May, Fred Pearce pointed out that the UN's revision arose not from any scientific research or analysis, but from what appeared to be an arbitrary decision to change one of the inputs it fed into its model. Its previous analysis was based on the assumption that the average number of children per woman would fall to 1.85 worldwide by 2100. But this year it changed the assumption to 2.1. This happens to be the population replacement rate: the point at which reproduction contributes to neither a fall nor a rise in the number of people.
The UN failed to explain this changed assumption, which appears to fly in the face of current trends, or to show why fertility decline should suddenly stop when it hit replacement level, rather than continuing beyond that point, as has happened to date in all such populations. I expected yesterday's report to contain the explanation. I expected wrong. It appears to have plucked its fertility figure out of the air.
Even so, and even if we're to assume that the old figures are more realistic than the new ones, there's a problem. As the new report points out “the escape from poverty and hunger is made more difficult by rapid population growth.” It also adds to the pressure on the biosphere. But how big a problem is it?
If you believe the rich, elderly white men who dominate the population debate, it is the biggest one of all. In 2009 for example, a group of US billionaires met to decide which threat to the planet most urgently required their attention. Who'd have guessed? These men, who probably each consume as many of the world's resources in half an hour as the average African consumes in a lifetime, decided that it was population.
Population is the issue you blame if you can't admit to your own impacts: it's not us consuming, it's those brown people reproducing. It seems to be a reliable rule of environmental politics that the richer you are, the more likely you are to place population growth close to the top of the list of crimes against the planet.
The new report, inflated though its figures seem to be, will gravely disappoint the population obsessives. It cites Paul Murtaugh of Oregon State University, whose research shows that:
“An extra child born today in the United States, would, down the generations, produce an eventual carbon footprint seven times that of an extra child in China, 55 times that of an Indian child or 86 times that of a Nigerian child.”
And it draws on a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences which makes the first comprehensive assessment of how changes in population affect carbon dioxide emissions. This concludes that:
“slowing population growth could provide 16 per cent to 19 per cent of the emissions reductions suggested being necessary by 2050 to avoid dangerous climate change”.
In other words, it can make a contribution. But the other 81-84% will have to come from reducing consumption and changing technologies. The UN report concludes that “even if zero population growth were achieved, that would barely touch the climate problem.”
This should not prevent us from strongly supporting the policies which will cause population to peak sooner rather than later. Sex education, the report shows, is crucial, so is access to contraception and the recognition of women's rights and improvement in their social status. All these have been important factors in the demographic transition the world has seen so far. We should also press for a better distribution of wealth: escaping from grinding poverty is another of the factors which has allowed women to have fewer children. The highly unequal system sustained by the rich white men who fulminate about population is one of the major reasons for population growth.
All this puts conservatives in a difficult position. They want to blame the poor for the environmental crisis by attributing it to population growth. Yet some of them oppose all the measures – better and earlier sex education, universal access to contraception (for teenagers among others), stronger rights for women, the redistribution of wealth – which are likely to reduce it.
And beyond these interventions, what do they intend to do about population growth? As the UN report points out:
“Considerable population growth continues today because of the high numbers of births in the 1950s and 1960s, which have resulted in larger base populations with millions of young people reaching their reproductive years over succeeding generations.”
In other words, it's a hangover from an earlier period. It has been compounded by another astonishing transformation: since the 1950s, global life expectancy has risen from 48 to 68.
What this means is that even if all the measures I've mentioned here – education, contraception, rights, redistribution – were widely deployed today, there will still be a population bulge, as a result of the momentum generated 60 years ago. So what do they propose? Compulsory sterilisation? Mass killing? If not, they had better explain their programme.
Yes, population growth contributes to environmental problems. No, it is not the decisive factor. Even the availability of grain is affected more by rising livestock numbers and the use of biofuels – driven, again by consumption – than by human population growth.
Of course we should demand that governments help women regain control over their bodies. But beyond that there's little that can be done. We must instead decide how best to accommodate human numbers which will, at least for the next four decades, continue to rise.
www.monbiot.com
MV-Whatever pattern (variation of MVC) Two way data binding Templates Form Validations Deep Linking Dependency injection
Hi before you start reading this article let me assure you that I don't want to launch a flame war here, this article is going to be as objective as I can make it. I will favor none of these frameworks; you will need to decide on your own. Please notify me if you find any technical or information inaccuracies so I can update this article to address them, leave me a comment down below or you can even mail me to:Mobile framework world is extremely competitive one; this is the reason I'm trying to assure you that I'm not attempting to initiate a flame/fanboy war. Until recently,library was a king (as a mobile core framework), but far from the best one. It was used so many times as a core framework () that I'm baffled why no one thought to replace it with something more suitable. Let's be honest, anything built upon MVC would suffice.Don't get me wrong,is a great library if you want to maintain, manipulate, and control DOM elements, unfortunately, it lacks MVC architecture andis the best example why this is a failed approach. On the other hand,can do everything thatdoes and much more like:Ionic and Onsen UI arebased mobile UI frameworks.core (approach) makes them very similar; if you ever wrote such application your transition is going to be smooth and painless.
Note: If this tutorial was helpful, need further clarification, something is not working or do you have a request for another Ionic post? Furthermore, if you don't like something about this blog, if something is bugging you, don't like how I'm doing stuff here, again leave me a comment below. I'm here to help you, I expect the same from you. Feel free to comment below, subscribe to my blog, mail me to
PS. If you want my help, if possible (even if it takes you some time to do that), create a working example I can play with. Use If this tutorial was helpful, need further clarification, something is not working or do you have a request for another Ionic post? Furthermore, if you don't like something about this blog, if something is bugging you, don't like how I'm doing stuff here, again leave me a comment below. I'm here toyou, I expect the same from. Feel free to comment below, subscribe to my blog, mail me to dragan.gaic@gmail.com , or follow and mention me on Twitter ( @gajotres ). Thanks and have a nice day!If you want my help, if possible (even if it takes you some time to do that), create a working example I can play with. Use Plunker for AngularJS based questions or jsFiddle for jQuery/jQuery Mobile based questions.
1. Intro
2. Platform support
Ionic
Onsen UI
Conclusion
3. Marketing
Ionic
Free and open source, Ionic offers a library of mobile-optimized HTML, CSS and JS components, gestures, and tools for building highly interactive apps. Constructed with Sass and optimized for AngularJS.
Speed is important. So important that you only notice when it isn't there. Ionic is built to perform and behave great on the latest mobile devices. With minimal DOM manipulation, zero jQuery and hardware accelerated transitions, one thing is for sure: You'll be impressed.
Clean, simple, and functional. Ionic has been designed to work and display beautifully on all current mobile devices. With tons of popular mobile components, typography, interactive paradigms, and a gorgeous (yet extensible) base theme, you'll wonder how you lived without it.
Onsen UI
Onsen UI is designed and implemented to deliver unprecedented user experience for your apps. Frustrated with the lack of native-like performance? Try Onsen UI, and you'll feel the difference right away.
Onsen UI is responsive. View adjusts based on screen size and it's as easy as using the tag to have a two-column view for tablets and one-column view for smartphones. Onsen UI supports a broad range of devices and platforms. It is fully tested and works well with Android 2.3 and up, iOS 6 and up, Firefox OS, Chrome, and Safari.
Onsen UI is a perfect solution for developing hybrid apps. That's because our priority is performance and ease of use. Onsen UI is fully open source and never locks you in. It also provides the option of deploying your apps to the server to use as a tool to build a performance website.
Conclusion
4. UI and visual impressions
All images © 2014 ionicframework.com All images © 2014 onsen.io/
Ionic
Onsen UI
Conclusion
Continue Reading
This article is a part of a series where I am trying to explain differences between differentapplication frameworks. I already wrote articles coveringand, now I'm trying to compare them.Before you event start coding, this is something you need to consider.Ionic framework targets iPhone and Android devices. It supports iOS 6+ and Android 4.1 + (though 4.0 and 2.3.X should work up to some point). Windows Phone and FirefoxOS support are somewhere on the roadmap. It may or may not change in the future. I intend to update this article when such thing happens.It is made for native/hybrid mobile apps rather than mobile websites. You can still use it for classic web development, but it will not look good when viewed on larger screens. It looks like an oversized mobile application. If you ever worked with, then you should know what I was talking.Since November, (2014) Ionic supports a split-view functionality, this will help when an application is viewed on a table device.Onsen UI, on the other hand, supports Android 2.3 and up, iOS 6 and up, Firefox OS, Chrome, and Safari. They went even further supporting two-column view for tablets and one-column view for smartphones. This makes Onsen UI an excellent choice if you want to create a tablet application.According to Onsen UI developers, support for Windows Mobile 8.1 is on the way.Everything said here should be taken with a grain of salt. Both frameworks claim they work with Android 2.3, if only partially (Ionic). This is not something I would personally advertize, Android 2.X is a bad platform for hybrid applications, you should forget it even exists.On paper, Onsen UI has a better platform support, but this is not a significant advantage. While not explicitly written, Ionic also supports web-kit desktop browsers that make them similar in comparison. The only feature, which stands out is better Onsen UI tablet support (currently it is more flexible then Ionic split view feature).This topic is important to me; I don't like products based on a false premise/promises.There's nothing controversial or false here; both frameworks will deliver what they're promising. Onsen UI is somewhat vague about Android 2.3 support; I'm talking about the claim that Onsen UI works with this specific Android version. Personally they should state that some features will not work on such an old Android platform.This is going to be a close call. From the visual standpoint, both frameworks went with a modern looking flat UI:As you can see each framework has a distinctive unique look and feel, thankfully they don't seem Bootstrap like. Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything against Bootstrap, I simply don't like other UI libraries copying that particular look and feel (it's so unoriginal).Beauty of Ionic framework is in its modern simplicity. Basic UI walks a thin line between iOS and Android, sometimes it feels like I'm working with Android Material Design UI (Android Lollipop), sometimes it feels uncanny iOS 7 like. UI works fast and reliable, it looks like Ionic developers learned a lot frommistakes (CSS3 effects, especially shadows are performance cloggers).Ionic provides multiple different directives for your mobile app and this number is growing every day. But theres one problem here, many components have a pure HTML/CSS double. For example there's a CSS version ofand there sdirective, I find this unnecesary confusing.Everything is customizable through; you can even automate it via provided CLI tool. Use SASS to override Ionic's default styles and customize an app to fit your needs. I'd highly suggest learning SASS, it will greatly speed up your CSS development.If you are working on a multi-platform application it will not look 100% the same on Android and iOS. Some features, like tabs, will be styled according to used mobile platform (you can always override this).Onsen UI walks a similar path but unique in its own way. Default theme is naturally flat and distinctively different then Ionic one, especially if you spend some time playing with it. First time I saw it I was disappointed a bit, you need to understand it was after I decided to switch from. I missed various CSS3 effects; everything looked bland and empty. Then I saw how fast it works on a real mobile device, I build more complex demo apps. Then it struck me, I fell in love. On the other hand, the default theme suffers fromclone-like visual problem. What makes it unique also makes it look and feel the same (this is my subjective feeling after I spent three years slaving withUnlike Ionic, (this may change in the future) Onsen UI provides different themes for provided platforms. It CSS core is built around thelibrary . It is an open source CSS library designed with speed in mind. Because it doesn't contain any JavaScript, Topcoat was chosen as a perfect UI building block.Again, both frameworks are very similar in nature; they have a distinctive default flat UI, both of them rely heavily on directives. They have a theme roller support, plus they provide easy theme customization solutions, there's only one thing that currently sets them apart. It's Onsen UI platform dependent theming. This may swing you towards Onsen UI, it is a nice feature after all (then again this is not a significant advantage, hybrid mobile development strives more to platform look and feel unification).
Maurice (Mom) Boucher, seen in Montreal in 2000, was arrested in jail Thursday and faces a charge of conspiracy to commit murder. Boucher is serving a life sentence in the killings of two Quebec prison guards. ( JOHN MAHONEY / The Canadian Press file photo )
MONTREAL—A jailed Hells Angels kingpin, a prominent criminal lawyer and the son of a deceased Mafia boss were among some 45 people arrested Thursday as police targeted the triumvirate of biker gangs, the Mob and street gangs. Maurice (Mom) Boucher, imprisoned for life in the killings of two prison guards, was arrested and faces a charge of conspiracy to commit murder in an alleged plot to kill Raynald Desjardins, himself incarcerated for the slaying of a rival Mob boss. The conspiracy, police allege, involved Boucher, who's the head of the elite Nomad chapter of the Hells Angels, his daughter Alexandra Mongeau and Gregory Wooley, a longtime confidant of Boucher who was also nabbed Thursday.
Article Continued Below
Police allege that meetings between Boucher, 62, and Mongeau at the federal prison in Ste-Anne-des-Plaines, Que., were conducted in a coded language, with the messages then relayed to Wooley. “There was an aspect of vengeance in the conspiracy, but it was mainly to keep (drug territory) and if there was competition, it was to eliminate it and if there was thought to be competition, it was to eliminate it,” said provincial police Lt. Benoît Dubé. Authorities said the alliance of the Italian Mafia, criminal biker gangs and street gangs was set up to maintain control of drug trafficking and money laundering in Montreal. Others arrested Thursday included Leonardo Rizzuto, 46, the son of deceased Mob boss Vito Rizzuto; Loris Cavaliere, 61, the longtime lawyer for the Rizzuto family; and Salvatore Cazzetta, 60, an influential biker gang member. Provincial police Chief-Insp. Patrick Belanger said the various charges include gangsterism, conspiracy to commit drug trafficking, trafficking, trading in stolen goods, possession of prohibited arms as well as conspiracy to commit murder.
Not all of those nabbed face the same charges. Wooley, 43, is a street gang boss and described by authorities as an influential member of the alliance who allegedly acted as a conduit between the Mafia and bikers.
Article Continued Below
Police also identified Stefano Sollecito, 48, and Leonardo Rizzuto as the heads of Montreal's Italian Mafia, having taken over after Vito Rizzuto's death from natural causes in December 2013. Belanger said Cavaliere, a lawyer who has represented many organized crime figures, is facing gangsterism and trafficking charges. He was described as a “facilitator” and “moderator” whose office allegedly served as a hub for decision-making for the three groups. “This criminal alliance was born of a desire to control the territory, particularly in terms of drug trade and, more particularly for Montreal, to create revenue sharing (among them),” Belanger said. Police say the investigation was conducted in three stages — the first looked at the links among street gangs, the Hells Angels and the Mafia following Vito Rizzuto's death as they worked together to control territory and maintain distribution. “All the profits were divided among this alliance and all the decisions were made by this alliance,” said Dubé, a lead investigator in the mixed squad that took part in Thursday's operation. The second stage followed the money trail, while the third looked at the conspiracy to kill Desjardins. Police say they have seized $1.2 million, seven kilograms of cocaine, 41 weapons, 122 cellphones and one Harley-Davidson motorcycle since the investigation began.
The official website of Akita Shoten 's Champion RED magazine revealed on Thursday that an anime adaptation of Chimaki Kuori 's Saint Seiya: Saintia Shō spinoff manga has been green-lit. The website does not reveal the anime's format (such as film, television, video anime, or net anime,)
Champion RED teased last month that it will have an important announcement for the Saint Seiya franchise .
The manga is set immediately after the main storyline's Sanctuary arc after the defeat of Gemini Saga from Masami Kurumada 's original Saint Seiya manga, but before the Posieidon arc. However, whereas the original manga followed a boy named Seiya and other Saints who fight to protect the goddess Athena, the new series follows a female "Saintia" named Shō who fights evil deities to protect Athena.
The manga launched in Champion RED magazine in 2013. Akita Shoten published the manga's eighth compiled book volume (seen right) on June 8, and will publish the ninth on December 20.
Kuori's previous works include Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny: The Edge , Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny: The Edge Desire , and the manga adaptations of the Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack film and the Sengoku Basara games.
Update: Corrected story timeline. Thanks Lord Geo!
Commenting on the push of US Secretary of State John Kerry to introduce a no-fly zone for Russian and Syrian aviation in Syria, Iranian President explained why the idea has little sense for the improvement situation on the ground, while former British diplomat and MI6 agent Alastair Crooke suggested what might be a real purpose behind it.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani stated that a no-fly zone in Syria will serve to only strengthen foreign-sponsored terrorists in Syria.
"A no-fly zone (in Syria) will benefit terrorists, who have everything expect for military aircraft," Al-Masdar News quoted Rouhani as saying during a presser after his speech at the 71st United Nations General Assembly session in New York on Thursday,.
"They have mortar shells, tanks, missiles and armored personnel carriers. They have cannons and artillery batteries but no warplanes. The creation of a no-fly zone is not the right step. This is an ill-advised suggestion," the Iranian president added.
This view was echoed by Alastair Crooke, who is also the founder and director of the Conflicts Forum, an organization that advocates for engagement between political Islam and the West.
"It makes very little sense. Unless you want to shift the balance in favor of the jihadist forces on the ground, which may be partly the purpose of that,' he said in an interview with RT.
Crooke further explained that the ‘no-fly zone' is really "very much one-sided" move because the US is not capable of controlling the jihadists in Syria.
"They may think they have some sort of control but in practice it is not," the former MI6 agent said.
All of the groups, he noted, have already denied the ceasefire from the outset: they won't participate because, they are not part of it.
"They've recently been rearmed, regrouped and had more forces added to them. So, what we can expect from a ‘no-fly' zone is renewed ground fighting," he told RT.
Similar view was earlier expressed by Jim Jatras, a former US diplomat and foreign policy adviser to the Senate GOP leadership, who called it opportunism.
"How does grounding the Syrian Air Force and Russian Air Force…defeat ISIS, defeat Al-Qaeda? It doesn't. In effect, they would be the beneficiaries of these policies," Jatras said in his interview with RT.
Alastair Crooke however explained why then the US is not interested in any objections.
"It is a geopolitical war. It is not a war about Syria or in Syria; this has become a geopolitical conflict between two opposing sides," he said.
"This is just the war of narratives that the West is very good at because it controls completely the mainstream media," he finally stated.
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Intel's “Next Unit of Computing” (NUC) mini desktops started off as interesting curiosities, experiments to see just how much computer could fit in a desktop PC that you could hold in your hand. Each subsequent generation has refined the overall concept and added other niceties, making it more and more like a solid consumer-ready computer (albeit one that makes you provide your own RAM and SSD and OS).
We looked at Intel's fourth-generation NUC based on its still-relatively-new Skylake processors. On the outside, less has changed than ever before—Intel has settled on a “look” for the NUC and it's not messing with the design much. On the inside, you get enough cool upgrades that you can almost forgive Intel's CPU performance for improving so little in the last three or four years.
Model breakdown
Specs at a glance: Intel NUC NUC6i5SYK (as reviewed) OS Windows 10 x64 CPU 1.8GHz Core i5-6260U (Turbo Boost up to 1.9GHz) RAM 16GB 2133MHz DDR4 (supports up to 32GB) GPU Intel Iris 540 (integrated with 64MB eDRAM) HDD 256GB Samsung SM951 PCIe SSD Networking 867Mbps 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, Gigabit Ethernet Ports 4x USB 3.0, 1x mini DisplayPort 1.2, 1x HDMI 1.4b, headphones, SD card slot Size 4.53” x 4.37” x 1.26” (115 x 111 x 32mm) Other perks Kensington lock, swappable lids, IR receiver Warranty 3 years Price ~$400 (barebones), about $755 as configured
There are four Skylake NUCs as of this writing. Two include a Core i5-6260U with an Iris 540 integrated GPU, and two use a slower Core i3-6100U processor and a slower HD 520 GPU. Each processor comes in two cases: a taller one that makes room for a 2.5-inch hard drive or SSD, and a shorter one that doesn't. Otherwise, all models share the same basic design, port layout, and other features.
Both CPUs are 15W models like the ones that you would find in most Ultrabooks and midrange laptops. All of our observations about the design and build will apply to all models, but the performance and power consumption numbers apply specifically to the Core i5 model.
Design and build
The NUC is and has always been a “PC Kit,” meaning you've either got to supply your own RAM, SSD, and operating system or buy it from a reseller who has already done that work for you. As was the case last year, these NUCs come with an embedded 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 combo adapter. This year, it's the Intel 8260. Buying a 16GB kit of DDR4 RAM adds somewhere between $70 and $80 to the $400-ish street price, a 256GB PCI Express SSD like Samsung's 950 Pro will run you around $180, and Windows costs $100 if you don't have a license sitting around already. Going with 8GB of RAM, a SATA SSD, and/or Linux can reduce the price of your add-ons quite a bit, so just buy what you need.
Accessing the innards of the NUC is easy. There are four large captive Phillips-head screws on the bottom. Loosen these and the bottom of the NUC comes right off, exposing the twin DDR4 RAM slots, the M.2 slot for the SSD, and (in the tall models) the bay and cable for the 2.5-inch drive.
Intel's CPU performance has increased pretty slowly so far this decade—it has focused much more on improving its integrated GPUs and reducing power usage—but in recent generations the company has tried to make up for it by offering improvements to overall system performance. In the NUC, one of these improvements is support for 2133MHz DDR4 RAM, which runs at a higher speed and consumes less power than the 1600 and 1866MHz DDR3 that the Broadwell NUC supported.
DDR4 RAM isn't quite as plentiful as DDR3 just yet, but as of this writing DDR4 pricing is only a little higher for 8GB and 16GB kits. It's actually considerably cheaper if you're in the market for 32GB of RAM spread out across two 16GB sticks, a configuration this NUC explicitly supports (the old one topped out at 16GB).
The Broadwell NUC had an M.2 slot too—in fact you could just take your drive out of last year's NUC and put it in this year's without a problem. It's a B- and M-keyed slot so it can accept both SATA and PCI Express-based SSDs, and Intel supports both two- and four-lane PCIe drives. The only addition in the Skylake generation is that the chipset includes PCI Express 3.0 lanes, which can supply roughly double the bandwidth of PCI Express 2.0.
Once you've assembled it and installed your operating system of choice (we're working with Windows, though Intel lists Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora, and OpenSUSE as explicitly supported Linux distros), the NUC is designed to connect to what you need and then get out of the way. Like the Broadwell NUC, you get a total of four USB 3.0 ports. Two are on the front and two are on the back, and the yellow one on the front can charge devices even if the NUC is off.
There's also an IR receiver and headphone jack on the front next to the USB ports. On the back, there's a gigabit Ethernet jack, a mini DisplayPort 1.2 port that can drive a 4K display over a single cable at 60Hz, and a full-size HDMI 1.4b port (replacing the irritating mini HDMI port on the back of older NUCs). New to the NUC this year is a full-size SD card slot on the left side, a nice benefit for people who work with photos or video. You don't get as much connectivity as you might from a larger desktop board, but Intel does pretty well here—the only things that could reasonably be described as “missing” are Thunderbolt 3 and/or USB Type-C, features that are being withheld for the forthcoming high-end quad-core NUC.
The box itself remains small and unassuming. It's an aluminum square with rounded corners and cutouts for airflow. Intel has moved the power/sleep light from the top of the box to the front, where it will be more easily visible, and it's just a hair taller than the equivalent Broadwell NUC, but otherwise there are no major changes. The glossy (easily scratchable, as you can see in our photos) lid is still removable, and can be replaced with other lids to change the look of the NUC or to add features—lids can plug into a USB header on the motherboard to add NFC, wireless charging, and other features, and any lid that worked with the Broadwell NUC should continue to work with the Skylake NUC.
Power consumption and fan noise
Another neat benefit of the NUC relative to normal desktop computers is that they don't use a ton of power. The Skylake NUC holds just about level with the Core i5 Broadwell NUC from last year, give or take a watt here and there, and it typically consumes well under 40W of power even for the most strenuous workloads. Compared to the Core i7 Broadwell NUC and its beefier 28W processor, it consumes much less power and as far as we can tell it never needs to throttle. As in past NUCs, the fan can spin up audibly when the box is working hard for long periods of time (playing a game, editing and transcoding video, anything that's CPU and GPU intensive), but normally it's a quiet whirr that you'll have trouble hearing over ambient room noise.
This achievement is even more impressive when you consider that the Skylake Core i5 NUC is usually faster than the Core i7 version, sometimes by a significant margin.
Activity Broadwell i5 NUC Broadwell i7 NUC Skylake i5 NUC Off/Hibernated 0.5W 0.5W 0.4W Sleep mode 1.0W 1.0W 1.1W Idle at desktop (display off) 6.7W 9.0W 7.1W Watching YouTube in Chrome 9.1W 11.8W 10.2W Running GFXBench Manhattan benchmark (peak) 37.2W 51.1W 34.1W Running Prime95 CPU torture test 31.8W 50.9W (peak), 42.4W (sustained) 31.0W
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2010 February 13
Waterway to Orbit
Credit & Copyright: James Vernacotola
Explanation: The 32nd shuttle mission to the International Space Station, STS-130, left planet Earth on February 8. Its early morning launch to orbit from Kennedy Space Center's pad 39A followed the long, graceful, eastward arc seen in this 2 minute time exposure. Well composed, the dramatic picture also shows the arc's watery reflection from the Intracoastal Waterway Bridge, in Ponte Vedra, Florida, about 115 miles north of the launch site. In the celestial background a waning crescent Moon and stars left their own short trails against the still dark sky. The brightest star trail near the moon was made by red supergiant Antares, alpha star of the constellation Scorpius.
“I think he did enough harm to his wife and children that he didn't need to take her out there with him,” said Kathleen Carroll, a 39-year-old office manager in Manhattan, in a telephone interview. “If he was man enough to order a woman as if he were ordering a sandwich off a deli menu, he should have been man enough to go out there and take it on his own.”
Many had theories about why Ms. Wall Spitzer faced reporters with her husband. Was it a show of strength for the sake of their three teenage daughters, or a calculated political strategy? Was it her decision or his?
Anna Harvey, a professor of politics at New York University, said politicians often try to paint allegations of sexual misconduct as a family matter. “What you're trying to do when you have your spouse accompany you in a public forum like that you are trying to frame the issue as a private one,” she said.
She cited the classic example of such political theater — the 1992 “60 Minutes” interview with Bill Clinton, then seeking the Democratic nomination for president, and Hillary Rodham Clinton. Trying to tamp down escalating rumors of an affair between Mr. Clinton and Gennifer Flowers, Mrs. Clinton, nestled on a sofa with her husband, said, “You know I'm not sitting here — some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette.”
“She was doing precisely that,” Professor Harvey said. “She said, ‘This is our marriage and our business,' and he bounced back and he didn't win New Hampshire but he won the nomination. In that case, there were no allegations of laws being broken. It was simple marital infidelity. I think that's not what we're dealing with here.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some political consultants and scholars said Ms. Wall Spitzer's appearance hit such a nerve not only because of the tawdriness of the accusations but because of her obvious devastation. Unlike the blank demeanors of other aggrieved political spouses, Ms. Wall Spitzer, her eyes alternately downcast or glancing at her husband, had the drained, dazed look of someone in mourning.
In search of expert commentary, television news stations naturally zoomed in on one such spouse, Dina Matos McGreevey. Ms. Matos McGreevey, author of “Silent Partner: A Memoir of My Marriage,” stood next to her husband, Gov. James E. McGreevey of New Jersey, at a news conference in 2004 in which he disclosed that he was gay and announced his resignation.
In a telephone interview on Tuesday, Ms. Matos McGreevey said that two hours before that news conference, Governor McGreevey asked her to consider joining him at the lectern. She told him she would think about it, she said, and then quickly consulted her therapist.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It was an instinct to be there,” she said. “Despite the fact that he's humiliated you and caused you excruciating pain, this was a man I married, a man I loved, and your feelings don't evaporate overnight. And then I thought about my daughter, and I didn't want her 10 or 15 years down the line to ask me, ‘Mommy, this was the most difficult point in Daddy's life, and why weren't you there to support him?' ”
Ms. Matos McGreevey said she did not regret her decision to appear with her husband as he proclaimed himself “a gay American,” even though she was later faulted. “I have been criticized for going out there, and people have said: ‘Why did you do it? How could you stand there with a smile?' ” she said. “But people who know me know that that was not a smile. That was my attempt to keep my composure.”
Some of the Internet chatter on Tuesday suggested that Ms. Wall Spitzer's silent presence at her husband's side represented a dark day for feminism, with one writer railing, “Someone needs to tell his wife that ‘stand by your man' does not apply here!!! ... She needs to have some pride.”
But others turned the feminist argument on its head, detecting ample sexism in the notion that Ms. Wall Spitzer was dragged to the podium against her wishes.
“To me, a lot of this commentary seems patronizing to her,” said Suzanne B. Goldberg, a professor of law at Columbia University and director of its Sexuality and Gender Law Clinic. “She might have felt this was the best strategy in a terrible situation for protecting her children or her own reputation. We have no basis for assuming that she's a mere pawn here.”
Image copyright AP Image caption Three-wheeler race-off - Matt LeBlanc and Chris Evans prepare to do battle.
The relaunch of BBC Two's Top Gear was seen by an average of 4.4 million viewers, overnight figures show.
New host Chris Evans said earlier in the week he would be "disappointed" with anything fewer than five million viewers for the show's first episode.
The final Top Gear featuring former host Jeremy Clarkson attracted 5.3 million viewers last June.
But the new show was still the most watched programme in its 20:00 time slot, attracting 22.8% of the audience.
Image caption Rory Reid, Sabine Schmitz, Matt LeBlanc, Chris Evans, Chris Harris, Eddie Jordan and The Stig make up the new team
Its nearest rival was the British Soap Awards on ITV, which were seen by an average of 3.9 million viewers.
The first episode featured Chris Evans and Matt LeBlanc driving Reliant three-wheelers from London to Blackpool.
Viewing peaked just before the show ended, with 4.7 million watching.
Evans seemed pleased with the show's first outing in a series of tweets he published on Monday.
Image copyright Twitter/Chris Evans
Image copyright Twitter/Chris Evans
The new presenters were signed up after the old team left following a fracas between lead presenter Jeremy Clarkson and a producer.
Image caption Hollywood star Jesse Eisenberg was seen tackling the Top Gear track.
Evans opened the show saying: "Welcome to Top Gear with our all-new, improved audience."
Clarkson was fired from Top Gear in March last year after he punched a producer following a row about the provision of food late at night while filming on location.
Analysis
by Lizo Mzimba, entertainment correspondent, BBC News
There's bad news and good news for Top Gear in the overnight figures from its launch programme. Such has been the media attention surrounding the show, it's certain to have attracted many who haven't been regular viewers in the past. But it still didn't manage to reach the five million figures hoped for by lead presenter Chris Evans.
However, it was still the second most watched programme of the day on any channel (after Countryfile), with a figure well up on the majority of BBC Two shows. And it actually achieved a larger audience share than the launch of the last Clarkson, May and Hammond series in 2015.
It's one of the BBC's most important programme brands, making tens of millions for BBC Worldwide, so a lot of attention will also be paid to how it performs internationally over the next few days.
But the real test, both here and abroad, will be the figures when people who recorded to watch later or who used catch-up services are taken into consideration. And particularly where those figures are later in the series - when it's either built a larger audience or lost viewers who've decided the show's not for them.
Evans made a jibe about the incident at the start of the episode, adding: "We don't make jokes about catering on this show any more."
Another joke referencing Clarkson's departure was made when Evans bragged he had "won custody" of masked driver The Stig.
The revamp featured many of the same elements the show is best known for, including a profile of a supercar and a head-to-head challenge between the presenters.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption TV critic Kevin O'Sullivan: Top Gear 'like the old show without the laughs'
Reviews of the show by TV critics were mixed, with many saying the format had changed little since the last series, while some felt it was enjoyable and just needed some time to bed in.
Final consolidated figures - where on demand and catch-up viewing is taken into account - will not be known for a week.
Nico Rosberg was once again on top of the timesheets in Monaco during the second free practice session. The German's top time was 1:14.759. Rosberg's teammate and fellow Principality resident Lewis Hamilton came second, 0.318 seconds behind.
The cars were out for soft-tyre runs as soon as the practice started. Max Chilton, Esteban Gutierrez, Nico Hulkenberg and Jules Bianchi comprised the first groups of drivers on the track. All of them, however, struggled subsequently, finishing P21, P15, P13 and P19, respectively.
The second free practice started much in the same way as the first practice ended. Rosberg and Alonso were taking turns at the lead, bothered only by Lewis Hamilton and Romain Grosjean. Sebastian Vettel's mechanics were desperate to make changes to the car set-up at the onset. Their work on the rear suspension of Vettel's RB9, however, meant that the German spent the first twenty minutes in the garage, while the rest of the field was setting prime-tyre laps.
When Vettel finally came out, he had time only for a very short stint with the soft tyres and once again was more than half a second slower than Rosberg and Alonso. The German was also not particularly impressive during the qualifying simulation with the supersofts (P9), so unless some last minute updates arrive from Milton Keynes overnight, this will be a damage limitation weekend for the triple world champion.
Rosberg might not have the credentials of his considerably more successful fellow countryman Vettel, but he was certainly the man to beat on Thursday in Monaco. Rosberg grew up in the Principality and probably knows the track like the back of his palm. The German seems to have set up his W04 perfectly to benefit from the great Mercedes single-lap pace.
Briefly, it appeared, however, that Grosjean was capable of challenging Rosberg for the lead. The Frenchman consistently outperformed teammate Kimi Raikkonen. Well, at least until thirty minutes into the session when he crashed into the barrier at St. Devote. Grosjean's Lotus locked up at the entrance of turn 1 as his supersofts were still cold at the start of the qualifying simulations. The Frenchman's soft-tyre pace, however, was so good that he stayed at P7 until the end of the session, despite having retired with considerable damage one hour before the chequered flag came down. The time lost in set-up optimization will probably come back to bite Grosjean on Saturday, which is a very bad news at Enstone, given the outfit's problems in qualifying this season.
Lotus, however, was not the only team on the back foot during the supersoft stints in the afternoon. The Ferrari cars found it impossible to stay with Rosberg during the later stages of the second free practice. Fernando Alonso ended up at P3 (0.437 seconds behind the German), while Felipe Massa was fourth, 0.082 seconds further back. The advantage of the Ferrari cars was in the race simulation, where their long-run pace was once again impressive.
Now, unless the Ferrari cars manage to come back in terms of option-tyre pace on Saturday, Rosberg's pole position in Monaco seems fairly certain. And as overtaking is notoriously hard in the Principality, maybe Rosberg will also finally win his home race on Sunday.
Free Practice 2 Times Pos Driver Team Time/Retired Gap Laps 1 Nico Rosberg Mercedes 1:14.759 46 2 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 1:15.077 0.318 51 3 Fernando Alonso Ferrari 1:15.196 0.437 38 4 Felipe Massa Ferrari 1:15.278 0.519 39 5 Mark Webber Red Bull Racing-Renault 1:15.404 0.645 42 6 Kimi Räikkönen Lotus-Renault 1:15.511 0.752 39 7 Romain Grosjean Lotus-Renault 1:15.718 0.959 10 8 Jenson Button McLaren-Mercedes 1:15.959 1.200 40 9 Sebastian Vettel Red Bull Racing-Renault 1:16.014 1.255 33 10 Paul di Resta Force India-Mercedes 1:16.046 1.287 43 11 Adrian Sutil Force India-Mercedes 1:16.349 1.590 44 12 Sergio Perez McLaren-Mercedes 1:16.434 1.675 41 13 Nico Hulkenberg Sauber-Ferrari 1:16.823 2.064 43 14 Pastor Maldonado Williams-Renault 1:16.857 2.098 41 15 Esteban Gutierrez Sauber-Ferrari 1:16.935 2.176 45 16 Daniel Ricciardo STR-Ferrari 1:17.145 2.386 38 17 Jean-Eric Vergne STR-Ferrari 1:17.184 2.425 43 18 Valtteri Bottas Williams-Renault 1:17.264 2.505 47 19 Jules Bianchi Marussia-Cosworth 1:17.892 3.133 41 20 Charles Pic Caterham-Renault 1:18.212 3.453 44 21 Max Chilton Marussia-Cosworth 1:18.784 4.025 41 22 Giedo van der Garde Caterham-Renault 1:19.031 4.272 31
Source: FOM, ESPN F1
James Martin/CNET
The topic of job creation has long been a staple of US presidential elections, but some jobs born out of today's on-demand economy have raised the concern of at least one candidate.
In comments aimed squarely at companies like Uber, Hillary Clinton, a candidate for the Democratic party's nomination, said Monday that she would "crack down on bosses who exploit employees by misclassifying them as contractors or even steal their wages." While she didn't call out Uber by name, the ride-hailing giant has come under scrutiny for its practice of classifying drivers as independent contractors rather than employees.
"Many Americans are making extra money renting out a small room, designing websites, selling products they design themselves at home, or even driving their own car," Clinton said during a speech at the New School in New York City. "This on-demand, or so-called 'gig economy,' is creating exciting opportunities and unleashing innovation. But it's also raising hard questions about workplace protections and what a good job will look like in the future."
"Fair pay and fair scheduling, paid family leave and earned sick days, child care are essential to our competitiveness and growth," the former secretary of state said, referring to benefits not accorded to independent contractors such as drivers at Uber.
Uber's current classification of drivers as contractors means the company is not responsible for all sorts of costs, including Social Security, health insurance, paid sick days, gas, car maintenance and much more. If all drivers were classified as employees, Uber would have to pay for all of this, as well as manage a workforce of more than one million.
Uber, which provides a mobile app that lets passengers hail a ride from their smartphone, began operations in 2009 and is now the world's largest ride-hailing service, operating in more than 250 cities in 57 countries. It is also the second-highest-valued venture-backed company in the world with a valuation of $41.2 billion.
But legal tensions over how the San Francisco-based company classifies its drivers have increased in recent months. In March, the California Labor Commission ruled that a former Uber driver was an employee and not a contractor and ordered Uber to pay more than $4,000 in expenses and other costs for the time period she drove for ride-hailing company.
The ride-hailing company is being sued by three former drivers who claim they should've been classified as employees rather than independent contractors. The drivers are seeking class action status for the suit on behalf of 160,000 drivers who have worked for Uber.
In a motion filed last week opposing class action status, Uber argued that it's created several different service agreements and contracts for drivers, therefore it's difficult to lump all drivers into the same class. The company also included statements from 400 drivers that say they'd prefer to be classified as contractors, rather than employees.
The company has also argued that another reason why drivers should be classified as contractors is because they have flexible schedules and can drive as much or as little as they want.
Uber did not reply to a request for comment on Clinton's comments.
Bottles of Jack Daniel's line the shelves of a liquor outlet in Montpelier, Vt. (AP Photo/Toby Talbot, File)
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly said whiskey ferments in barrels. Whiskey ages in barrels, it doesn't ferment.
A year-long fight among state legislators over the definition of true Tennessee whiskey is spilling over to the international distilled spirits business, dividing both Tennessee's powerful whiskey interests and multinational corporations battling for billions of dollars in global market share.
For more than a century, distillers around Tennessee have produced whiskey — some legal, some illegal — using a variety of base products like corn, barley or rye, and a number of different techniques. But under a new law passed by the legislature last year, only one process would lead to genuine Tennessee whiskey: a drink made of fermented mash comprised of at least 51 percent corn, aged in new barrels of charred oak, filtered through charcoal and bottled at 40 percent alcohol, or higher, by volume.
On Tuesday, two Tennessee legislative committees voted to delay consideration of a new proposal that would roll back some of those requirements. The disagreement centers on the process by which Tennessee whiskey is distilled, and whether a producer has to use pricey new oak barrels every year.
Current law requires those new barrels be used. The bill up for debate, proposed by state Rep. Bill Sanderson (R), would allow whiskey makers to age their products in reused barrels, a process far less expensive than one that requires buying new barrels of expensive American oak year after year.
Supporters of the 2013 law said it was necessary to codify what the industry calls standards of identity, a concrete definition of what makes Tennessee whiskey special — and different from other, lower-quality spirits. But opponents say the law effectively codifies Jack Daniel's formula.
“Any place that produces a product, in this case we're talking about distilled spirits, that has a particular premium to it or particular ways you will make it, has standards to entry,” said Phil Lynch, a spokesman for Brown-Forman, the maker of Jack Daniel's, Tennessee's largest whiskey producer. “The standards of identity for Tennessee whiskey are the same that they've been, [the legislature had] just never codified them.”
Bourbon, like other spirits that enjoy federal standards of identity, is held to stricter requirements than mere whiskey. A federal law passed half a century ago requires that only beverages of fermented mash of at least 51 percent corn, not exceeding 160 proof — or 80 percent alcohol by volume — produced in the United States and not for export be allowed to call themselves bourbon.
Similarly, scotch whisky is produced only in Scotland in compliance with the laws of the United Kingdom. Cognac may only come from its eponymous region of France. Codifying similar rules for Tennessee whiskey, they say, will protect the industry from low-quality producers who want to create their own product on the cheap (“Whisky” is typically used for products made in Canada, Scotland, England and Wales; “whiskey” is the spelling more typically used in Ireland and the United States).
But others who want the standards imposed by the Tennessee legislature rolled back see another motive behind the 2013 law: The process codified in state law sounds remarkably like the recipe used by Brown-Forman.
“This is all about my rights. And when you take away any of my rights, I'm going to fight you tooth and nail on it,” said Phil Pritchard, owner of Pritchard's Distillery in Kelso, Tenn. “Last year, a lot of those rights got taken away from me through a process that was abetted by an employee of Jack Daniel's for the benefit of Jack Daniel's.”
Jeff Arnett, Jack Daniel's master distiller, has been lobbying members of the legislature to keep the 2013 law in place.
The 2013 law grandfathered in Pritchard's distillery, which uses new barrels but does not charcoal-filter its product. But the nearly twenty other distilleries in Tennessee, the first of which only began receiving licenses in 2009, cannot legally call their product Tennessee whiskey without both new barrels and charcoal filtering.
The 2013 rule defining Tennessee whiskey concerns another major player in the distilled spirits industry, Diageo, the London-based parent company of brands ranging from Smirnoff vodka to Baileys to Guinness. Diageo has two products in the mix: George Dickel, the second-largest producer of Tennessee whiskey, headquartered just a few miles up the road from Jack Daniel's, and Johnnie Walker, the best-selling blended Scotch whisky.
Diageo has positioned itself as the defender of the small distilleries, standing up for the right to make Tennessee whiskey by other methods, even though George Dickel uses new oak barrels to age its product. They say the year-old law actually excludes a lower-priced Brown-Forman product, Early Times, from calling itself Tennessee whiskey.
“We don't think there should be a law that says this is how we, or anyone else, have to make whiskey,” John Lunn, George Dickel's master distiller, said in a statement. Diageo North America executive vice president Guy Smith said the current law “creates an anti-competitive situation that will stifle innovation from skilled Tennessean distillers, both large and small.”
Brown-Forman, on the other hand, says Diageo is worried about market share — not George Dickel's, but Johnnie Walker's. Jack Daniel's sales grew 5 percent in 2013, though Johnnie Walker sales were flat.
“They're concerned and they're trying to do what they can to undermine Tennessee whiskey,” Lynch said.
Distillers around Tennessee are concerned the year-old rules will prevent them from producing as much whiskey as they could because of a shortage of the new oak barrels. A rainy year in 2013 saturated oak across the eastern United States and made harvesting wood more difficult.
Jack Daniel's has its own cooperage, in Louisville, Ky., and is in the process of opening another plant just outside of Decatur, Ala. But smaller distillers can't always find a reliable supply of barrels. Even if they can, new barrels can cost between $150 and $600 each.
“Jack Daniel's is not going to be faced with a barrel shortage like the rest of us are,” Pritchard said. “Right now, I'm having a heck of a time finding barrels to meet my own needs, and my own needs are infinitesimal compared to Jack Daniel's.”
Above all, the two sides are both fighting to protect the growing industry in their own way. Supporters of the strict definition say they are protecting a brand that can one day compete with other premium spirits, like Kentucky bourbon and Scotch whiskey.
“The Tennessee whiskey category is a premium category. We don't want Tennessee whiskey to be on the same playing field as Kentucky whiskey. We want it to be on the same playing field as Kentucky bourbon,” said Jeff Pennington, who with his wife Jenny owns Speakeasy Spirits, a craft distiller in Nashville, and who backs the 2013 law.
Opponents say only quality, not regulations, will set Tennessee spirits apart.
“Whether you're putting your product up in new cooperage or used cooperage, the final arbiter on quality is not going to be state regulation,” Pritchard said. “The consuming public is going to be the final arbiter of whether you have a quality product.”
Kathmandu, Aug. 3: On a day that he may have reformatted Indo-Nepal ties Prime Minister Narendra Modi nudged the Himalayan nation to a giant leap in the baby steps it has been taking towards republican democracy.
“We do not wish to tell you what to so or to interfere in your work,” he told a packed Napali Constituent Assembly (CA) this afternoon, “But we wish to applaud your imagination of an inclusive, federal, democratic and republican (FDR) Nepal of which all sections of Nepalis can feel a part, a vibrant bouquet with all the divergent aromas of this great country of yours.”
With that single exhort, Modi extinguished speculation on any whispered encouragement to monarchist revivalism and signalled endorsement to mainstream efforts to give Nepal a modern constitution.
“Nepal is a sovereign nation,” he went on, “We are not here to direct you, we only wish you should have the constitution you want as soon as possible and we wish you to soar above Himalayan heights. What we can do to help you achieve this I pledge myself to do.”
It was unclear until yesterday if Modi will go the whole hog and a spell out support for an FDR Nepal. Thus far, South Block has sufficed itself with a durable and inclusive constitution” formulation. But there is a section of the Indian foreign office, Indian Ambassador Ranjit Rae included, that had lobbied behind closes doors to hand out a fulsome and unambiguous signal to Nepali constitution writers.
No less significant to the political consolidation of post-monarchy Nepal was Modi's effusive and repeated praise for Maoists who had shunned armed and joined the mainstream.
“Nepal is emerging as an exemplar to the world in how arms can be given up in the pursuit of peaceful politics,” he said, “I want to congratulate those most who have left the bullet for the ballot and given themselves to writing what will be a golden page in Nepali history. Emperor Asoka had turned from ‘yuddha' to Buddha and people in Nepal have done the same again, they have moved from ‘astras' (arms) to ‘shastras' (meaning constitution writing), I cannot salute them more. Arms cannot achieve what peace can and the world is going to learn that once again from what is happening in Nepal.”
The meaning of such fulsome praise could not have been lost on Prachanda and Baburam Bhattarai, sitting at the head of the Maoist benches. Nepal's Maoists have watched the ascent of a Pracharak Prime Minister in India with some scepticism; the Modi they heard today would have dissolved much of that.
Modi's speech — the symbolic centrepiece of this visit - was a deft mix of religio-cultural referencing and emotive political messaging. If he spoke of stringing spiritual link from Somnath to Kashi to Pashupatinath, he also made earthly common cause with the host nation.
“If Nepal goes hungry it can't but pain us, if Nepal does not sleep in peace neither can we in India, we have not won a single war without Nepalis shedding g blood in our defence, how can we not be grateful? You have a devastating tragedy facing you (the Sunnkosi landslide) and it pains us, we have sent help before you even asked, before we feel one with you. Tell us what we need to do in your journey towards a better future and we are here to stride with you shoulder to shoulder,” Modi said, to resounding applause.
He triggered a booster round when he mocked Indian Prime Ministers for giving Nepal the miss. “We are so close to each other, we are aide by side and yet it has taken 17 years for us to come,” he taunted his predecessors' long absence, “But don't worry, I am coming back soon (for the SAARC summit in September) and then I shall make it a point to visit the birthplace of Sita (Janakpur) and Buddha (Lumbini).” (Both places are in the Terai region close along the border with India.)
Modi opened in signature style with a preamble in Nepali, which was lauded with an all-round sigh of surprise in the two-tiered Birendra International Convention Centre which also doubles as home to the constituent assembly.
He then turned to 40 minutes of extempore Hindi that left the House near-mesmerised and drew recurrent rounds of approval.
Another prominent NC MP, Shashamk Koirala, went a step ahead to say today's was a “historic and pathbreaking” message from Modi. “It marks a break from decades of Nehruvian devise and rule diplomacy,” Koirala argued, “Modi's is a new political signal, it is political, it is equal, it is a message from a friend and neighbour, not one from a big brother.”
Even Padmaratna Tuladhar, a key track II peace negotiator with the Maoists from their underground days, said he had been left “surprisingly impressed”. Speaking to The Telegraph at the evening reception, Tuladhar said: “We had another impression of Modi, as a Hindutva-vadi leader, but he has surprised me with his clarity and directness. Most importantly, the way he went out to appreciate the Maoist leadership.”
Modi may have left more than just Maoist ranks surprised with his demeanour. Twice during a day that invited the Nepali political class to take fresh measure of who he is and what he means, Prime Minister Modi broke protocol to halt his convoy and embrace the Kathmandu street - once on his way to the constituent assembly and another time just as he left for the soiree hosted by ambassador Rae. Both times, he was greeted with gusto.
His route was banked by the citizenry wherever he went, there wasn't a street in town not festooned with India-Nepal flags. That he has promised to come again soon may well leave the managers of Kathmandu's chaotic traffic a little concerned.
Daily Kos publicized a story captured on Global Revolution, of perhaps as many as 30 people being arrested for attempting to close their Citibank accounts. Kos originally said 30 people were arrested; an update now says 17, again per Global Revolution.
The New York Post reports that 24 people were arrested; its characterization is that a “mob stormed” a branch at Laguardia Place in Manhattan. The basis for the arrests appears to be plenty dubious. Later accounts indicate that people trying to close their accounts were locked in the branch and then arrested for illegal trespass. This video (hat tip Mike Stark) appears to support the protestors' claims. Notice that the people in the branch are not disruptive, and a woman outside the branch, who had documents to show she was a Citibank customer but apparently had been inside the branch, was grabbed by the police and forced into the branch:
This was Citibank's statement:
A large amount of protesters entered our branch at 555 La Guardia Place around 2:00 PM today. They were very disruptive and refused to leave after being repeatedly asked, causing our staff to call 911. The Police asked the branch staff to close the branch until the protesters could be removed. Only one person asked to close an account and was accommodated.
I suspect there will be other footage taken by the participants to determine the accuracy of Citibank's version of the story. The people in the branch did not look “disruptive” in the clip above, and if Citi closed the branch early, that would prevent others from making account closure requests.
This looks troublingly similar to an effort by Bank of America last August to stop account closures by individual who wanted to send a message, in which the police barred access to the branch in St. Louis:
I don't know what the branch staff was thinking. This is yet another incident that is only going to engender more sympathy for the little guy versus the banks, whether expressed via Occupy Wall Street or other channels.
One of the things the powers that be seemed to be underestimating is how they cannot present a cherry-picked version of what happened with so many people able to take videos. As we've said earlier, the same way that graphic TV coverage of the war in Vietnam was crucial in turning public sentiment against the war, so to are heavy-handed police actions against non-threatening protestors going to undermine the credibility of the officialdom.
Update: Some suggestions courtesy the website Red, Green and Blue:
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The frontage levy is a charge based on the width of a homeowner's lot. The wider the lot, the greater amount the homeowner pays to the city in the form of the frontage levy.
“Everyone knows the frontage levy is just another tax,” Eadie said. “He can't keep his campaign promise so he should just raise property taxes to bring in the additional money he says he needs.”
Eadie (Mynarski) said Mayor Brian Bowman believes he's kept a campaign promise with a 2.3 per cent property tax increase but he also proposes to increase the frontage levy by 60 cent a foot to raise another $6.7 million.
City councillor Ross Eadie said using the frontage levy to supplement property taxes is a regressive form of taxation that has a greater impact on lower-income people.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 6/3/2015 (1453 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 6/3/2015 (1453 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
City councillor Ross Eadie said using the frontage levy to supplement property taxes is a regressive form of taxation that has a greater impact on lower-income people.
Eadie (Mynarski) said Mayor Brian Bowman believes he's kept a campaign promise with a 2.3 per cent property tax increase but he also proposes to increase the frontage levy by 60 cent a foot to raise another $6.7 million.
"Everyone knows the frontage levy is just another tax," Eadie said. "He can't keep his campaign promise so he should just raise property taxes to bring in the additional money he says he needs."
The frontage levy is a charge based on the width of a homeowner's lot. The wider the lot, the greater amount the homeowner pays to the city in the form of the frontage levy.
The frontage levy now is set at $3.75 per foot. The budget proposes to increase that to $4.35 per foot. For a 50-foot lot, the annual increase would be $30.
Eadie said the $6.7 million raised through the increase in the frontage levy is the equivalent of an additional 1.37 per cent property tax increase.
Eadie produced a chart that examined the impact of the frontage levy on 23 different properties across the city. His research found that the 60-cent-per-foot increase on the frontage levy raised more revenue from lower-valued homes than if the equivalent 1.37 per cent property tax was applied to the home.
"If the mayor says he needs another $6.7 million, then he should raise that money using the property tax, not the frontage levy," Eadie said. "The frontage levy hits lower-income people harder than those with a more valuable home."
Eadie's chart shows the owner of a 50-foot-wide lot on Alexander Avenue (assessed at $107,000) pays the same frontage levy as the owner of a 50-foot-wide lot in Old St. Vital (assessed at $173,000).
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
But if both homes faced an additional 1.37 per cent in property taxes, the owner of the Alexander Avenue home would pay an additional $8.82, while the owner of the home in Old St. Vital would pay $14.26.
Eadie said that the greater the value of the home, the smaller the share of the $6.7 million the owner contributes when only paying based on the width of the lot.
"Using the frontage levy forces lower-income people to pay a greater share of the revenue than if it was done solely using property taxes," Eadie said. "Some people say that property taxes in general are unfair but it's better than raising revenue from a frontage levy, which is not fair at all."
Eadie said he hopes he can get support from other members of council to scrap the frontage levy increase and replace it with a higher property tax increase. He said he will make a presentation later this month to the executive policy committee.
aldo.santin@freepress.mb.ca
It has been a persistent ghost in the machine in the US election: Latin America. Haunting the red corner are the 11m undocumented migrants, mostly Hispanic, that Donald Trump wants to deport; the wall the Republican nominee will build; and Gonzalo Curiel, the unfair “Mexican judge” — born in Indiana — who ruled against him. The spectres in the blue corner are Hillary Clinton's belief that “no region is more important to US prosperity and security”; and, less benevolently, the fleeing Central American minors that the Democratic nominee once advocated should be sent home.
It has long been a home truth that the Hispanic vote — 12 per cent of the US electorate — has a good chance of determining the election result. That is especially so this year. In addition to the central issue of immigration, the Hispanic vote is laden with millennials — a liberal-leaning generation that came of age at the turn of the century and, while anti-establishment, tends to reject Mr Trump. Moreover, for their parents and grandparents, Mr Trump is the kind of candidate who may well recall the reasons they emigrated in the first place.
When Mr Trump swaggers with all the braggadocio summoned by some strange telluric process from the majestic prairies of . . . well, Queens, New York, he seems to have stepped out of a dread passage of Latin American history. It is sometimes said that he shares traits with populist strongmen such as the Dominican Republic's Rafael Trujillo, or Argentina's Domingo Perón and Carlos Menem — and then some.
There is the obsession with virility and often notable hairstyles, such as Mr Menem's sideburns. There is the narcissism and self-aggrandising nationalism: Mexican independence hero General Antonio López de Santa Anna staged a state funeral for his amputated leg. There is also the authoritarianism: Hugo Chávez of Venezuela, another shrewd showman, fired ministers on a whim in his reality television show too.
It is ironic that Latin America appears to be rejecting populist leaders just as Europe and the US may embrace them. The region has undergone momentous change in the past year. Argentines have chosen a business-friendly centrist, Mauricio Macri, as their president. Brazil has channelled popular anger over state-sanctioned corruption into the pursuit of impeachment for Dilma Rousseff, a process that culminates after the Rio Olympics. Socialist Venezuela is on the brink of collapse. Only in Nicaragua, Bolivia and Ecuador, where Rafael Correa is a rare foreign leader who backs Mr Trump, do the populists endure.
This is where a direct line may exist between Latin America's latest swing in its political pendulum and how Hispanics may determine the US election result. Typically, they share other voters' main concerns: the economy, terrorism and healthcare. They also traditionally vote for the Democrats. A big difference this year is that millennials make up 44 per cent of the bloc.
This group is defined more by demography than vague notions of shared ethnicity (most say they do not need to speak Spanish to be Hispanic). Many are the children of immigrants. More importantly, suggests Professor Roberto Suro of the University of Southern California, they see themselves as Americans, proud of the US emphasis on the rule of law where claims and principles, such as citizenship, are adjudicated by an impartial state rather than an erratic leader, such as Mr Trump.
Many of their parents, meanwhile, have suffered the populist show before. One oft-cited reason for the rise of US populism is growing inequality, another traditional Latin American woe. Indeed, Omar Encarnación, professor of political studies at Bard College, highlights the US Gini index, a widely used measure of inequality, which stands in the range of 40 to 45. This is just below 40 to 50 in Latin America but well ahead of Canada or Europe at about 30.
Related article Trump controversies widen Clinton poll lead Republican alarm grows amid furore over Second Amendment comments
Rage against the elites is a second reason given for the rise of US populism. Again, Latin America has form and intellectual heft here. Ernesto Laclau, a post-everything Argentine political theorist, even made a career explaining and advocating it. An important intellectual influence on the leftwing parties of Spain's Podemos and Syriza in Greece, Laclau, who died two years ago, argued populism was the best post-Marxist alternative for pro­letariats abandoned by elites who had entrenched privilege, betrayed liberal positions, and so deformed institutions.
That may be true enough: populists are not born in a vacuum. They meet a need. Yet recent history reminds us that betrayal of promises is almost a definition of populism. Classically, that is done through deficit-spending financed by central bank money-printing, which generates runaway inflation — a view that may need updating in these days of quantitative easing.
All this may sound very familiar to US voters, wherever they stand on the political spectrum. It may also be familiar to Mrs Clinton and Mr Trump. Both know Latin America well: Mrs Clinton from her time as secretary of state; Mr Trump from the hotels and resorts licensed under his gold-lettered franchise: one, in Panama, restructured under Chapter 11 bankruptcy; another, in Mexico, went bust before it was built.
It is certainly familiar to Hispanics, about 70 per cent of whom are regularly shown by polls to favour voting for Mrs Clinton versus about 20 per cent for Mr Trump. From painful personal experience, many have learnt the difference between a champ and a chump.
johnpaul.rathbone@ft.com
This article has been corrected to reflect that Judge Curiel was born in Indiana not Iowa as originally stated.
Standard & Poor's on Tuesday cut its credit rating on Puerto Rico, dropping the cash-strapped U.S. territory's debt to junk-bond status on concern about its ability to access capital markets.
S&P, which had placed Puerto Rico's rating on notice for a downgrade last month, said it now rates the Caribbean commonwealth at "BB ,'' one level below investment grade. Previously it had rated it "BBB-."
With some $70 billion of tax-free debt, Puerto Rico has a long soured economy and has for months been under threat of a ratings downgrade to junk-bond territory by all three U.S. credit ratings agencies.
(Read more: US opens taps slightly on oil exports to Europe)
Moody's and Fitch Ratings have not announced ratings decisions.
S&P said it worried that Puerto Rico, a Caribbean island populated by 3.62 million people, has limited ability to sell more debt in the U.S.'s $3.7 trillion municipal bond market and faced possible cash shortages.
"We believe these liquidity constraints do not warrant an investment-grade rating," S&P said in a commentary.
The move could also squeeze the island commonwealth's cash reserves. S&P peer Moody's, in a Dec. 23 report, said Puerto Rico could face up to $1 billion in collateral demands and note accelerations in the case of a one-notch downgrade by any of the ratings agencies.
In a release, Puerto Rico's Treasury Secretary and Government Development Bank said they were disappointed with S&P's decision but remained optimistic.
"We are confident that we have the liquidity on hand to satisfy all liquidity needs until the end of the fiscal year, including any cash needs resulting from today's decision," the statement said. "The GDB and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico have been in discussions with parties that have expressed an interest in arranging additional liquidity for the Commonwealth, and the Commonwealth continues to explore such options, including obtaining additional funding, as necessary."
S&P, which also cut its rating on the island's fiscal agent, the Government Development Bank, to BB, said that all of its revised Puerto Rico ratings remain on negative watch.
—CNBC.com contributed to this report.
The state police bloodhound that went missing during a search and rescue near Wooster Mountain Wednesday night was found Friday morning after an extensive search through the Ridgefield-Danbury border.
The search for the missing bloodhound was enough to warrant federal resources, a state police helicopter with infrared cameras, and a contingent of both local and state police officers — some on duty, others off.
Ridgefield volunteer firefighters assisted in the search, which included several mountainous areas in town.
Reports did not immediately indicate where the dog was found.
There were at least 50 vehicles parked outside the Wooster Mountain Shooting Range Friday morning. The search caused traffic delays in the area of the shooting range both Thursday night and Friday morning.
The bloodhound, K-9 Texas, is part of a Connecticut State Police (CSP) K9 Unit and its bloodhound team. The team's K-9 Zeus successfully rescued a missing man Wednesday night.
“During the course of the search, a CSP K9 handler conducting a track lost his footing while negotiating steep terrain and lost possession of the 15-foot leash,” a press release said Thursday. “At that time K9 Texas, a CSP Bloodhound, was pulling strongly up the slope and continued tracking up the ledge. When the Trooper reached the top of the hill, K9 Texas was not in sight.”
The 29-year-old Slidell man who took an 11-year-old St. Tammany girl to Hancock County, Miss. before abandoning her at a gas station last week has been charged with statutory rape, along with another man who picked her up there, Hancock officials say.
The
, Christopher M. Spiehler, of 104 Woodruff Drive, met the 11-year-old girl on a social networking site called
, which is dedicated to vampire enthusiasts and those interested in the occult.
According to St. Tammany and Hancock County officials, the girl on Friday night said she wanted to run away from home. Just before midnight, when he turned 29, Spiehler picked the girl up from her St. Tammany home and transported her into Mississippi without her parents' consent, and then sexually assaulted the girl before leaving her at a gas station in Bay St. Louis.
After being abandoned at the gas station, a second man, identified as 21-year-old Sean Robertson of Waveland, Miss., picked up the girl and took her to his home, where he also sexually assaulted her, officials said. Robertson was arrested by the Hancock County Sheriff's Office and is cooperating with officials.
Shortly after she left Friday night, the girl's father contacted the police, who began an investigation that led them to Spiehler, who was located at his job at an auto parts store in Slidell on Saturday around 10 a.m.
About an hour later, the girl called her father from a cell phone and told him to pick her up at a Wal-Mart in Gulfport, Miss. Police located the girl and reunited her with her family a short time later.
Spiehler, who has a previous arrest in St. Tammany on a charge of credit card fraud was booked with aggravated kidnapping and contributing to the deliquency of a minor by the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office. Spiehler is being held on a $400,000 bond in St. Tammany.
Following their investigation, the Hancock County Sheriff's Office charged Spiehler and Robertson with statutory rape. No bond has been set for Robertson at this time, and Hancock County officials declined to comment on whether the two men knew each other.
Both departments are continuing to investigate the incident, and it is possible that more charges and arrests will be made through both agencies, officials said.
Hancock County Sheriff Steve Garber "strongly recommends" that parents monitor their children's Internet activity.
"Parental monitoring of children's online activity is the first line of defense against sexual predators. If a parent believes that a cyber crime is being committed please contact the authorities in your area for further investigation," he said in a release.
The days of France's leaders leaning publicly toward Canadian unity appear to be gone. The country's new government says it's approach will be non-interference in Quebec's affairs, and gave no sign it will laud unity.
The former French president Nicolas Sarkozy had broken with tradition by taking sides in the Canadian national unity debate, suggesting that Quebec sovereigntists are an insular movement that is sowing division. But the new government of François Hollande appears to be reverting to the cagey neutrality of the past.
After meeting with Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird in Paris on Thursday, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius took something like the old line – saying France will have a special relationship with Quebec, but won't interfere in its affairs.
Story continues below advertisement
That's reminiscent of the old phrasing French leaders had used since the 1970s, when they adopted a policy of "non-interference and non-indifference."
"We have very good relations with Canada, which is a friendly state and country, and we also have very good, warm and friendly relations with Quebec. We don't have to interfere with the internal affairs of Quebec, of course," Mr. Fabius said at a joint news conference with Mr. Baird. "But we know that there is a special relationship, for obvious reasons, between Quebec and France."
The issue has come up again largely because of the election of a Parti Québécois government, and the fact that Premier Pauline Marois will visit Paris next week to meet with France's leaders.
Mr. Fabius, a veteran socialist politician who was France's prime minister in the 1980s, acknowledged he discussed the PQ's election with Mr. Baird, and how it affects relations, but he suggested the issue is old hat.
"Yes, certainly, we broached the general question of relations between Canada, France and Quebec. It's a question we know well," Mr. Fabius said. "Ms. Marois will come next week, and we welcome her with a great deal of pleasure and warmth."
In fact, Ms. Marois will visit France not long after her first head-to-head meeting with Prime Minister Stephen Harper, at the Francophonie Summit in Kinshasa. The two are expected to have a private meeting before the summit officially kicks off.
Mr. Baird said he raised the issue of the new PQ government in Quebec with Mr. Fabius – but then insisted separation is not on Quebeckers' minds. He said the priority for Canadians and Quebeckers is the economy and "nothing has changed with the Quebec election."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"I underlined the fact that there is no referendum in Quebec," Mr. Baird said.
The question of how France views Quebec separatists has, over the past 45 years, flitted between arcane linguistic gymnastics and tense international politics. France's historical policy – "non-interference and non-indifference" – is a calculated diplomatic formulation, short on meaning and designed to say little so as to avoid giving too much offence, even when some senior politicians in France sympathized with Quebec's separatist movement.
But whether France's view matters or not, it has caused hand-wringing in Ottawa and Quebec City since French president Charles de Gaulle declared "Vive le Québec libre" from Montreal's city hall. In the 1990s, Ottawa feared that then-PQ premier Jacques Parizeau was seeking assurances that France would quickly recognize Quebec as an independent country after a sovereignty vote in a referendum.
Mr. Sarkozy changed the tune after he came to office in 2007 by using very pro-Canada phrases. But his election defeat to Mr. Hollande, and Ms. Marois's election in September, led to revived questions. Mr. Fabius said that Mr. Hollande does not have to copy everything that Mr. Sarkozy did.
"As far as relations with Canada are concerned, I can reassure you they will remain excellent. But the fact that they are excellent does not mean others must be bad," he said. "So relations with Quebec, on the other hand, will be equally excellent."
With a report from The Canadian Press
Related Everything You Need to Know About NFL Week 9
Saturday night's UFC 217 event seems to have inspired some of the NFL's wide receivers.
Late in the second quarter of the Jacksonville-Cincinnati game on Sunday, Bengals wide receiver A.J. Green and Jaguars defensive back Jalen Ramsey were both ejected for fighting.
After a play was blown dead just seconds before the end of the first half, Ramsey shoved Green to the ground. Green got up, put Ramsey in a chokehold, threw him down, and began punching Ramsey's helmet. As Ramsey rose up to his knees, Green put him in a second chokehold and slammed him back to the ground as most of the Jaguars defense swarmed to Ramsey's aide.
Jalen Ramsey and AJ Green getting after it out there pic.twitter.com/dKHxrON8I4 — Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) November 5, 2017
The play led to offsetting penalties and the ejection of both players with the Jaguars in the lead 13-7. They are the sixth and seventh players to be ejected from NFL games this year, and this is the second ejection of Ramsey's career—Ramsey was thrown out of a game against the Raiders last October for fighting.
Ramsey, one of the league's rising star cornerbacks, is known as a prolific trash talker. He held Green to just one reception on two targets for 6 yards in the first half, which likely added to Green's frustration.
Later, in the second half of the Saints-Buccaneers game, another star wide receiver got into an altercation with a young cornerback. Bucs quarterback Jameis Winston, who had left the game with a shoulder injury at halftime, came off the sideline after a play midway through the third quarter and poked Saints cornerback Marshon Lattimore in the back of the helmet. Lattimore turned around and shoved Winston, and the two exchanged words. Within seconds, Tampa Bay receiver Mike Evans sprinted full speed into Lattimore, knocking him to the ground. Evans then appeared to punch Lattimore before the two were separated.
Mike Evans NOT ejected for this.... pic.twitter.com/oBRfKvqQ5C — Will Brinson (@WillBrinson) November 5, 2017
Evans was (somehow) not ejected.
Even Mike Evans can't believe he wasn't tossed. pic.twitter.com/R3GHv2JZH5 — Dan Hanzus (@DanHanzus) November 5, 2017
Like Green, Evans had been held to just a single catch at the time of the incident, and the Saints had a 30-3 lead.
Not to be outdone, the Cardinals and 49ers engaged in a scrap toward the end of Arizona's 20-10 victory over San Francisco. Cardinals safety Antoine Bethea hit 49ers quarterback C.J. Beathard in the head while Beathard was sliding, which spawned a group-wide shoving match.
Arizona linebacker Haason Reddick, defensive lineman Frostee Rucker, and San Francisco running back Carlos Hyde were ejected for fighting. The 15-yard penalty on Bethea was enforced, while the penalties for fighting offset each other. It's like something was in the water on Sunday.
Twitter user and four-time All-Star Latrell Sprewell had a request for his 825 followers this evening: He wanted help getting verified. Problem is, this doesn't seem to actually be Latrell Sprewell.
A bit of background: Sprewell had a verified Twitter account earlier this year, which made a brief flurry of headlines in February. He endorsed Donald Trump one minute after joining Twitter, and spent most of his time interacting with NBA players who played during his tenure in the NBA. For an unknown reason that account was suspended, baffling at least one reporter who had been DMing with him.
A little over a month ago, “Sprewell” opened up his new account:
Advertisement
Almost immediately, celebrities both big and small tripped over themselves to help Sprewell accrue followers. The above tweet was retweeted by Jon Taffer, his wife Nicole (who also has a verified account), and Dog the Bounty Hunter. Faux Sprewell spends most of his time online tweeting pictures at his former NBA contemporaries, such as Rick Fox.
Often, they don't respond, but sometimes they do:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Taffer is such a big fan, he also manually endorsed him.
Advertisement
Sadly for Taffer and the rest of these eager Spree fans, the real Latrell Sprewell confirmed on Michael Rapaport's podcast that he is not a Twitter user.
Advertisement
@PJCarlesimo can rest easy.
Societe Brewing Company can be found throughout San Diego, The Bay Area, and parts of Los Angeles, CA. Their beer is not bottled, so the only ways to enjoy their creations are at the brewery, or to find it on tap.
Their award winning ales are grouped into three series: Out West for hoppy styles (mostly IPA), Old World for their Belgians, and Stygian for their dark stouts. A fourth, yet-to-be released series is Feral, which is reserved for their barrel aged beer.
Eventually Travis would leave for another brewery position in San Diego. The two stayed close, and once Travis was ready to move on from his job, they decided the time was right to start their own brewery.
Doug had previously taken brewing science classes at The Siebel Institute of Technology / World Brewing Academy. But it was Travis Smith who truly trained Doug how to brew beer during their time together at The Bruery.
Before his brewer job at The Bruery, Doug worked as an investment banker in New York, and then moved to San Diego. He held an internship at Oggi's, worked at Pizza Port Carlsbad, and on the bottling line at Green Flash.
Little did they know both would found a brewery together just a few years later…
Travis got his start at Russian River Brewing Co, under the tutelage of Vinnie Cilurzo. After a few years in Bay Area, Travis headed south to The Bruery in Placentia, CA, where he met Douglas Constantiner.
Societe Brewing Company was founded in 2011 by Travis Smith and Douglas Constantiner. The brewery opened its doors in the summer of 2012.
Our Visit to Societe Brewing Company
The ambiance at Societe Brewing Company was like nothing you'll find at any other San Diego brewery, and we loved it. What's so unique about it?
The whole experience at Societe is turn of the century, or Gilded Age themed, with both the beer menu, and facility decor. The front bar, signage, and merchandise area resembled a trading post in a mining town, and large painted silhouettes of society members from that era were hung along the wall for decoration.
Aside from the bar and brewing area, the remainder of the building's real estate was all seating. There were large cafeteria tables for sitting in a group, or wine barrels to rest your beer on if standing.
A sit-down counter also ran the length of the brewing area, for more seating accommodations. The roominess of Societe Brewing Company was a huge plus, and you could even find additional chairs outside in the front patio.
Societe Brewing Company utilized a beer menu classification system and naming convention for their ales like we had never seen before. Not only was everything creatively named from olden times, but it really eased the decision making process for those unfamiliar with their offerings.
In the mood for a Belgian style ale? Choose from the Old World column, find all hoppy ales under the Out West category, or stouts under Stygian. Their (fourth) barrel aged family is coming soon, but we could take a peek at them aging in the window next to the production equipment.
Within its family / style of ale, each beer was also cleverly named after turn of the century jargon, occupation, or placement in society. For example: The Dandy, The Haberdasher, The Butcher, or The Debutante.
As for the beer itself, you could taste Travis Smith's Russian River roots, especially within the Old West category. Societe IPAs were in the same vein as Blind Pig or Pliny the Elder — clean, bright, and refined.
Although delicious, The Dandy, The Pupil, and The Apprentice were very similar, and seemed to run together while tasting. It might not be a bad idea to commit the cardinal sin and throw something dark in between them, for your palate's sake.
We try to leave economics out of craft beer enjoyment, but we did have a few observations about their pricing structure. Societe offered competitive tasters at $1, but some of the priciest growler (the container hardware) prices we have seen in San Diego.
In their defense, the growlers looked pretty high end, either glass or stainless steel with swing-top lids. Just like their full pour prices, growler fills were charged on a sliding scale based on the beers' ABV% – another unique way to do things…
Whether you're in the mood for a smoked stout, classic Belgian ale, or a well-balanced IPA, be sure to visit Societe Brewing Company, to experience their one-of-a-kind, turn of the century concept for yourself. We wished we had made it in there sooner!
Now is the time of year when bees buzz from flower to flower. And for many plants, the very survival of their species depends on that buzz. The flowers and the insects are joined together in a partnership of sound.
Bumblebees and other insects use buzzing to shake pollen out of flowers for food — and they fertilize flowers along the way. Scientists are exploring this acoustic feat to figure out how it has evolved, and how it helps sustain our own food supply.
Flowering plants typically reproduce by delivering pollen to each other to fertilize seeds. Some flowers, like corn and ragweed, cast their pollen to the wind. Others depend on animals like bees, bats or birds to do the job.
In many cases, these flowers lure an animal with the reward of nectar. As the pollinator sips the plant's sugary liquid, it gets covered in pollen. It then travels to another flower in search of nectar and delivers the grains.
Password-Manager Apps
ABOUT THE PROJECT
There are different policies for the generation of secure passwords. However, one of the biggest challenges is to memorize all these complex passwords. Password manager applications are a promising way of storing all sensitive passwords cryptographically secure. Accessing these passwords is only possible if the user enters a secret master password. At first sight, the requirements for a password manager application seem simple: Storing the passwords of a user centralized in a secure and confidential way. However, how is the reality on mobile, password manger applications, especially on Android? Applications vendors advertise their password manager applications as „bank-level“ or „military-grade“ secure. However, can users be sure that their secrets are actually stored securely? Despite the vendors' claims, is it nevertheless possible to obtain access to the stored credentials?
In order to answer these questions, we performed a security analysis on the most popular Android password manager applications from the Google Play Store based on download count. The overall results were extremely worrying and revealed that password manager applications, despite their claims, do not provide enough protection mechanisms for the stored passwords and credentials. Instead, they abuse the users` confidence and expose them to high risks.
We found several implementation flaws resulting in serious security vulnerabilities. Some applications stored the entered master password in plaintext or implemented hard-coded crypto keys in the program code. Consequently, attackers can easily circumvent the crypto algorithm altogether and thereby gain access to all of the user's data. In other cases, we could simply access all “securely protected passwords/credentials” with the help of an additional app. Once installed on the device, this malicious app extracts all passwords/credentials in plaintext and sends them to the attacker. In yet another case, we could use a so-called data residue attack to access the master key of an application. In most of the cases, no root permissions were required for a successful attack that gave us access to sensitive information such as the aforementioned master password. Furthermore, many of the apps completely ignore the problem of clipboard sniffing, meaning that there is no cleanup of the clipboard after credentials have been copied into it.
While this shows that even the most basic functions of a password manager are often vulnerable, these apps also provide additional features, which can, again, affect security. We found that, for example, auto-fill functions for applications could be abused to steal the stored secrets from the password manager application using “hidden phishing” attacks. For a better support of auto-filling password forms in web pages, some of the applications provide their own web browsers. These browsers are an additional source of vulnerabilities, such as privacy leakage.
All of our 26 findings are provided in detail in the following:
!! Update 2017-03-01: All reported vulnerabilities are fixed by the vendors !!
PUBLICATIONS
Extracting All Your Secrets: Vulnerabilities in Android Password Managers
Stephan Huber, Siegfried Rasthofer
In: DEF CON 25, July 2017. (slides)
The Key Under the Doormat: Design Flaws and Vulnerabilities in Android Password Manager Applications
Stephan Huber, Siegfried Rasthofer, Steven Arzt
In: AppSec-Eu 2017, May 2017. (slides)
Bypassing Android Password Manager Apps Without Root
Stephan Huber, Siegfried Rasthofer, Steven Arzt
In: Hack In The Box, April 2017. (slides)
well, that didn't take long…
The conspiracy web is already gripped with panic and paranoia about a nonexistent swine flu vaccine.
Conspiracy blogs are igniting with a warning from a Dr. Patricia A. Doyle about a swine flu vaccine that was tried during an influenza outbreak in 1976, telling readers not to take any vaccine that claims to prevent swine flu. The panicked article also goes into a variety of anti-vaccination cliches about how our bodies are “probably weakened by the dead virus fragments” and “various toxins,” as well as speculation that influenza vaccines could actually provide genetic components for even more sinister and potent diseases when the current strain of swine flu combines with genetic remnants of the vaccine.
Let's start from the beginning. First of all, there was a pandemic scare in 1976 regarding a A/H1N1 strain for which most people would have no protection even after extensive immunization because it's very different from the seasonal strains used for routine vaccinations. The pandemic never materialized but a potential vaccine was actually made. And herein lies the tiny kernel of truth in this story. There was an incident at Fort Dix and a number of cases deemed to be related to adverse reactions to a haphazard immunization effort. However, as noted by the CDC, there is no real, working vaccine for the prevention of swine flu and the government is still not sure it should order one to be made since it would take a long time to manufacture it and make sure that it works and works properly. So in short, there's no vaccine to be afraid of. It doesn't exist.
Secondly, the viruses used in flu shots are dead and inactive. Randomly combining parts of genetic code from dead influenza viruses that create a new strain and start triggering all sorts of diseases seem a tad unlikely. The adverse reactions mentioned above were cases 1,098 of Guillian-Barre syndrome which are thought to be the result of a potential bacterial contamination of egg cultures used for vaccine manufacture. Experts still don't know for sure but the estimated risk of contracting GBS was 1 in 100,000 or 0.001% or so.
Perhaps the most interesting part of Doyle's warning is the speed with which it spread and how so few of the sites which reposted it asked why a doctor in business administration is giving medical advice. Then again, this is the nature of a conspiracy theory in general. If you have a good, scary story, you're probably going to get a free pass from the majority of your audience…
The EU must press on with building the Trans-European Transport (TEN-T) core network, even though the costs are estimated at €750 billion and public funds will not be enough, Transport Commissioner Violeta Bulc told EURACTIV Greece in an interview.
The Slovenian Commissioner also said it was up to the member states to decide which mechanisms they wish to use to encourage the use of alternative fuel vehicles in general and of electric cars in particular.
Violeta Bulc is the European Commissioner for Transport. She spoke to EURACTIV Greece's Stavros Mavrogenis.
During the presentation of the “Europe on the Move” initiative you mentioned that “The EU has a unique opportunity to not only lead the modernisation of road transport at home but also globally”. Do you think this can be achieved with such a diverse level of modernisation among the member states?
The transport sector in the EU is generally very competitive. Many EU transport companies are among the biggest global players. We need to preserve this position and at the same time let the sector grow where there is room for it. With more common standards and digital solutions across the EU, transport will remain competitive internally, providing the opportunity for sectorial growth to all European economies, and providing a global example of modernisation of road transport.
How important is the transport sector for competitiveness and economic growth in the EU? What is your vision of transport infrastructure in the forthcoming years?
Transport is of vital importance for Europe. It helps to drive our economy and our society forward. Strong transport connections drive trade and mobility, stimulate job creation, boost economic growth and bring people together. It is a very concrete EU policy that addresses a wide series of aspects such as trade flows, passengers' movements, and infrastructure buildings – essential to connect EU countries and remove bottlenecks. Only with strong connections will we be able to maintain competitiveness and see all the benefits of the transport sector for our economy and society to come through. That's why we need to invest in transport infrastructure to complete the Trans-European Transport (TEN-T) core network and reach our vision of seamless, intelligent and sustainable mobility in the EU. We have calculated that €750 billion is needed to complete the TEN-T core network and €1.5 trillion for Europe's wider mobility need. Public money alone will not be enough to match these needs and we'll have to blend public and private funds and find innovative ways of financing.
In relation to the above, do you believe that connections in the broader Balkan area are sufficient to support economic growth in the region? Is this situation creating a disadvantage for the member states in the area?
What is missing in the Balkan areas is quality infrastructure and improved border-crossing management, which has also an impact on EU member states located in the southeastern part of Europe. This problem needs to be tackled first. The removal of cross-border bottlenecks is a clear priority addressed in the framework of the Western Balkan 6 (WB6) connectivity agenda. The quality of infrastructure – well-maintained road and rail networks, efficient logistic platforms – is almost as important, if not more, compared to the construction of new infrastructure. I am convinced that the recently adopted Transport Community Treaty with the Western Balkans will support the overall modernization of the region's transport system, aligning it to the EU standards, adding also a clear benefit to its immediate EU neighbours.
Considering the Dieselgate scandal, the revelation that there are many millions of non-compliant polluting cars on the EU roads, affecting the health of EU citizens and the alleged cartel of German carmakers on diesel systems, which additional political and regulatory initiatives should the EU take in order to ensure compliance of the European auto industry with the Clean Power for Transport policies? Furthermore, do you think that the current package address efficiently the challenges of oil dependency of the transport sector, climate change and sustainable mobility?
In his State of the Union, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called on the car industry to come clean and make it right. In this regard, the Commission is acting simultaneously on three fronts. Firstly, better enforcement: we are determined to pursue the ongoing infringement procedures to ensure proper enforcement of the current type-approval legislation and to avoid that additional non-compliant cars enter the European market and aggravate the existing air quality problem. Secondly, better market surveillance: in addition to these enforcement actions, the Commission is constantly urging member states to step up their efforts and take action as far as bringing vehicles back into compliance with the type-approval rules. Last but not least, we need better rules for the future: the real driving emission Regulation is foreseen for spring next year. As of 1 September 2017 improved testing procedures – both in laboratory conditions (WTLP) and in real driving conditions (RDE) – have become mandatory for all new vehicle types.
A few members have already started to incentivize the use of electric cars mainly by subsidising their prices. Would you consider this as the best practice or would it be better to make more expensive the purchase and ownership of polluting cars?
It is up to the Member States to decide which mechanisms they wish to use to trigger the market uptake of alternative fuel vehicles in general and of electric cars in particular. In our view, the result is what counts.
Part of the Europe on the Move initiative is accelerating alternative fuel infrastructure deployment. However, there is still ambiguity on the specific targets and timeframe for the mass deployment of this infrastructure and six member states including Greece have not yet notified the Commission about their national policy framework under EU rules on the deployment of alternative fuels infrastructure (Directive 2014/94/EU). How does the Commission plan to reinforce the uptake of relevant infrastructure and to boost investment in this field?
The Commission is currently assessing the national policy frameworks received and will issue a report which will be part of a broader action plan on alternative fuels infrastructure, foreseen for the beginning of November.
The Commission has already outlined plans to introduce new emissions standards for cars and trucks. In this context and considering the policies of big countries like China, is the Commission planning to propose also low / zero-emission sales targets to drive the market in favour of zero-emissions cars?
At this point in time, it is not yet possible to provide a clear-cut answer and I would ask for some patience until the new CO2 emission standards draft regulation will be made public. This is also scheduled for early November.
Recently the Commission and the European Council collided on the amendment of the Energy Efficiency Directive about the obligation to install electric vehicles charging infrastructure in every new building. In the end, they agreed that this will take place on a voluntary basis. If the members states do not introduce similar requirements and the construction sector fails to act voluntarily, would you consider it necessary to introduce a relevant EU framework that will be a standard in the EU?
The draft amendment to the Energy Performance in Buildings Directive is already an attempt to regulate at EU level the obligation to have pre-cabling for electric vehicle recharging points in residential buildings and to have one recharging point for each 10 parking spaces in non-residential buildings.
The Commission has recently proposed a reform to tolling systems in order to make them smarter, more efficient and to promote cleaner vehicles. Since almost half of the member states are currently implementing time-based charging systems, how feasible do you think it is to adopt in the EU a harmonised toll system calculating charges on the basis of distance driven and CO2 emissions.
Time-based charging is currently in use in less than a third of the EU member states, while there has been a tendency in moving towards distance-based charging, at least for heavy goods vehicles. The issue is not if, but how fast this evolution will be. Road charging for light vehicles is not as developed, with many countries applying no charging at all – I see this as an opportunity to leapfrog the old system of vignettes while we'll keep working along with member states to progress towards a fairer and more efficient transport system.
In Greece, for a long time, we have been fighting unsuccessfully to connect our islands, not only with the main ports but mainly among themselves. What would be your proposal in order to achieve sustainable and cost-effective coastal connections?
Public and private investments in transport infrastructures on the islands have considerably reduced the accessibility problems of the past. Connecting local nodes to TEN-T infrastructure is a priority in the European Structural and Investments Funds (ESIF) programming period 2014-20. Port infrastructure upgrades and better hinterland connections with the islands are actions pursued in the regional programmes. ESIF is investing € 75 million for transport infrastructures in the North and South Aegean Region. Another € 36 million is also targeted to actions for safety at sea. These actions should be continued.
AN Adelaide man plans to go to extraordinary lengths to protect a tunnel built south of the city more than 130 years ago — if he is allowed to, that is.
He wants to build a house next to the heritage-listed tunnel, just to deter vandals from it.
And then he wants to store his wine in it.
Tunnels Wine Storage owner David Munro has lodged an application with the Development Assessment Commission to build a house near the southern Sleeps Hill Tunnel, arguing this will help preserve the historical site.
The 290m tunnel, which is one of two on his property, looks abandoned, attracting vandals who have tagged, stolen copper wiring and set fire bombs off in the area, causing $100,000 damage over the years.
media_camera Two boys on the lines in front of the Sleeps Hill tunnels in 1973. media_camera Construction of the Sleep's Hill tunnel, circa 1918.
Mr Munro says building a home next to it would show the area was not deserted and protect the state-heritage asset.
“They (the vandals) come up through Shepherds Hill Recreation Park and O'Deas Reserve to get to the second tunnel,” Mr Munro said.
“As it stands, it gets broken into all the time, which is the reason (I want to build) the caretakers cottage.
“By doing this, we can preserve the tunnel … and make use of a state heritage asset.”
Mr Munro has already built a house next to the other tunnel he owns, and says the move has proven successful in deterring vandals from that underground facility.
media_camera A range of photos of the Sleep's Hill tunnel, all from 1919. 1: The view of the railway line from the mouth of the old tunnel near the viaduct. 2: Blasting out the road for the deviation. 3: The viaduct, showing the Melbourne express crossing the structure. 4: This hill was blasted away to make the junction for the old and the new lines. 5: Sleep's Hill tunnel, before it could accommodate a double set of rails.
Panorama community groups have welcomed the application, agreeing it will reduce crime in the area and preserve the tunnel important to Adelaide Hill's history.
Panorama One Neighbourhood Watch area co-ordinator Tullio Carboncini said preserving the isolated tunnel, important to Mitcham history, warranted the home's approval.
“The house will most importantly show ownership and that the tunnel is not abandoned,” Mr Carboncini said.
Mitcham Historical Society chairperson Julie Hogan said a watch-house would preserve the state heritage-listed structure.
“The proposal may aid in the graffiti and current vandalism problem as well,” she said.
Panorama Clapham Community Group spokesman Neil Baron said as long as there was no impact on community access to surrounding land, he supported the proposal.
The land was formerly owned by TransAdelaide and sold to Mr Munro in November 2002.
The community consultation phase has now ended.
media_camera Panorama resident Tullio Carboncini supports a bid to build a house next to this tunnel at Panorama. Picture: Emma Brasier
The story of a historic tunnel
FROM a secret storage space for South Australia's most valuable treasures to becoming one of the state's most successful mushroom farms — the Sleeps Hill Tunnels are an important part of Mitcham's history.
However, over the past 15 years, they have been a hotspot for vandalism and made the area an eyesore.
One tunnel, at Eden Hills, the other 600m away in Panorama, the tunnels were dug in Sleep Hill in 1883 for trains on the Adelaide to Aldgate line.
RX90 steam trains, similar to Goolwa's cockle train, used the track until 1919 when the Adelaide to Belair section was duplicated with a dual-track system further east.
When the line was abandoned, the tunnels became an exploration area for locals until the Japanese entered World War II and Adelaide feared air raids.
The 150m tunnel in Eden Hills stored the State Library's most valuable documents, artefacts and records, while the 290m tunnel in Panorama stored ammunition.
In the 1960s, the tunnels became mushroom farms and about 2000 boxes would be exported each week.
media_camera Construction of Sleep's Hill tunnel, circa 1918.
The tunnels were State Heritage-listed in 1993.
In 2002, David Munro, who owns Tunnels Wine Storage, bought the land from TransAdelaide to use as part of his wine storage business and hoped he could deter vandals from the area.
Previously, vandals had destroyed electricity meters, smashed lights and windows and set off fire bombs in the area, all which caused more than $100,000 damage.
Mr Munro, a Mitcham councillor, built a home near the Eden Hills tunnel to store wine and, because he could supervise the tunnel, vandalism had stopped.
He has applied to the Development Assessment Commission to build a home near the second tunnel in Panorama which he hoped would stop vandalism and preserve the area entirely.
Mr Munro hopes to also store wine in this tunnel.
media_camera Another one of the construction of the tunnel in 1918.
“They (vandals) come up through Shepherds Hill Recreation Park and O'Deas Reserve to get to the second tunnel,” he said.
“By doing this, we can preserve the tunnel … and make use of a state heritage asset.”
Panorama One Neighbourhood Watch area co-ordinator Tullio Carboncini said preserving the tunnel, which was important to Mitcham's history, warranted the house's approval.
The reserve was named after local Samuel Sleep.
" " If raccoons are near water, they'll dunk their food in it as though to wash it. Peter Weimann/Picture Press/Getty Images
In the London study that first examined raccoon food-washing habits, the 10 animals "washed" meat more often than plants, but didn't rinse off dirty earthworms [source: Lyall-Watson]. Even if no water was available, the captive raccoons would move their forepaws in the same way they would if they were actually dousing the food item. To the researchers, this behavior indicated that the raccoons weren't intentionally cleaning their food before eating.
But that doesn't mean it's a useless gesture — removing dirt from their meals is merely a beneficial byproduct of the action. Initially, scientists conjectured that raccoons lacked saliva glands and needed to add moisture, making it easier for them to eat [source: Zeveloff]. Instead, study results have indicated that the behavior enhances the tactile experience involved with eating.
As we mentioned, raccoons have highly dexterous forepaws that resemble hands. Raccoons actually have the same nerve grouping on the hairless parts of their forepaws as primates have, including humans, making them very sensitive to touch. Like primates, they have similar slowly adapting nerves in those hairless, or glabrous, patches [source: Rasmusson and Turnbull]. Slowly adapting nerves are responsive for both moving and stationary skin displacement, communicating to the brain, via the central nervous system, information about the weight, size, texture and temperature of whatever's come into contact with the forepaws. There are also nerves attached to underfur and longer guard hairs.
In a study examining the slowly adapting nerves in the forepaws of 136 raccoons, researchers found that wetting the skin increases the nerve responsiveness [source: Rasmusson and Turnbull]. Think about what happens when you look through a pair of sunglasses and then quickly take them off. When you remove them, your optical nerve responsiveness will likely increase because more light is flooding into your retinas to illuminate what you're looking at. Likewise, when raccoons perform their dunking ritual, the water on their paws could excite the nerves in their forepaws. That, in turn, gives them a more vivid tactile experience and provides precise information about what they're about to eat. This is a beneficial trait since the raccoon's vision isn't its keenest sense.
Like primates, raccoons employ a combination of sight and touch to reach out and grasp an object (unless, of course, they're reaching into murky water). However, raccoons often use both hands, rather than one, to grasp, and they exhibit little independent movement of their digits [source: Pubols, Pubols and Munger].
One interesting difference in tactile sense between raccoons and primates is the raccoon's lack of papillary ridges. The ridges are microstructures in our skin that help us detect friction and create our fingerprints. In the hairless areas of human skin, namely our palms and soles, the ridges are packed with Meissner corpuscles. These individual living cells serve as specialized mechanoreceptors, responding to sensations like pressure or tension. With all of these factors combined, a study observing raccoons' eating behavior concluded that while their dexterity is specialized, it isn't as much of an anomaly as the washing behavior implied at first blush [source: Pubols, Pubols and Munger].
From a public relations standpoint, that probably isn't such a good thing for the raccoon. Previously, the rabies-carrying, food-stealing animal had the distinction of at least washing its food. Now, it looks like those sticky fingers could use a thorough rinsing.
Last editorial update on Sep 17, 2018 04:00:35 pm.
Related HowStuffWorks Articles
More Great Links
Sources
FloCombat's hottest content, delivered to your inbox
There are two sides to Cub Swanson.Those who live and operate in the fight game are prone to seeing the polite, somewhat shy featherweight taking pictures with fans, while the more commonly recognized version of the veteran is full-throttle intensity inside the cage.Swanson's all-in mentality has created the "Killer Cub" persona, and that's precisely who he plans to introduce to Doo Ho Choi.The rising Korean sensation called out Swanson as his next opponent, and the Palm Springs, California, native happily obliged. The two knockout artists will collide at UFC 206 on Dec. 10 in Toronto, and Swanson believes "Superboy" doesn't realize what he's brought to his doorstep.But he will."Of course Choi wants to test himself and fight the best of the best," Swanson said. "I can respect that. But that doesn't mean I won't get a little fired up when of all the top 15 he calls me out. He must think I don't have it anymore. That I've lost a step. Well let's see on fight week when he has to actually look me in my eyes...and he sees no fear or doubt...because I've already been fighting the best of the best. He'll realize then that he's fighting a killer."Following back-to-back losses that forced him to take a hard look at his career, Swanson has rediscovered his love for the scrap in 2016. The 32-year-old has notched two consecutive victories over tough competition, and his performances in those fights signals to Swanson being on top of his game once again.The South Korean has notched 13-straight victories inside the cage and has won all three of his showings under the UFC banner via first-round knockout. A potential win over the highly touted prospect would a significant cap on an impressive year for Swanson and put back on course to reclaim contender status.Don't miss breaking news, feature stories, event updates, and more. Sign up for the FloCombat mailing list today.
Nick Bata is the Libertarian Party candidate for North Dakota's Insurance commissioner but he's not taking out a policy on his political career after using the phrase “Make America rape again” on his Facebook page. In fact, he says he has nothing to apologize for.
According to the Jamestown Sun, Bata said, “My rights don't end where their insensitivity begins.”
His comments come after Republican party presidential candidate Donald Trump was caught on a 2005 hot mic saying he can grab a woman by her p*ssy because he's a celebrity.
Bata's Facebook interaction was part of a post about sexual consent that was posted in September by North Dakota resident Jess Roscoe. “If people don't agree with them, they will attack you like a bunch of rabid, wild hyenas,” said Bata. “I tried to have a very civil engagement,” said Bata online.
He goes on to question whether rape culture really exists in the United States and claiming that the best way for a woman to make money is to be a stripper. It wasn't long after that he made the comment “Make America Rape Again.”
“Yes, I wrote Make America Rape again. And in the context, because of course, they deleted some of the comments because that's how they operate. They lurk in the dark and edit things, and by me not complying with their world view, I was labeled a rape apologist, I was labeled disgusting, all sorts of pejorative words, and they labeled me a Trump supporter because hey, if you're not with us, you're a Trump supporter, and in sarcasm, which leftist supporters can't understand sarcasm, they misinterpreted this,” said Bata.
He went on to say that it is a “free society” and that his comments are part of his freedom of speech. “If you can't handle someone's free speech, that's your problem, not mine,” he said.
Roscoe, understandably, can't believe what the incident has turned into.
“Even if it's a play on Donald Trump and his campaign slogan, it doesn't make that remark acceptable or constructive to any conversation,” she said.
“As a woman those comments are troubling, and I think that it's a snapshot at the sorts of comments and beliefs that are said on a daily basis that a lot of people don't think they're contributing to something so negative,” said Roscoe.
Bata has no regrets. “None of it,” he said. “I stand by everything. Why should I apologize and to whom?”
He also has no intention of dropping out of the race. The state's Libertarian Party didn't respond when contacted by The Sun.
WASHINGTON -- While the election's biggest winner was President Barack Obama, the other victory on Tuesday night went to the careful application of reason, data and, yes, to the science of modern survey research.
The losers were the amateur poll mavens who sought to "unskew" the polls and the pundits who saw what they wanted to see.
"Nobody knows anything," Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan wrote on Monday, casting aside the notion that the "the weighting of the polls and the assumptions as to who will vote" could possibly provide accurate guidance on the coming election.
Yet Noonan was certain that Romney would win. How? Intuition, mostly. She was sure that "independents are breaking for Romney." Also, "there's the thing about the yard signs." On a recent trip to Florida, she had seen more Romney than Obama signs.
Others had grand rationalizations for ignoring the polls. "Romney will win by a very large margin, a landslide if you will," former pollster and Clinton adviser turned conservative pundit Dick Morris told Fox News on Monday. Why? Morris was somehow certain that most polls had sampled too many Democrats and that the undecided vote, "which always goes against the incumbent," would break to Romney. Needless to say, it didn't.
On the other side were the quants and the modelers, like our own Simon Jackman and others like Drew Linzer, Sam Wang and, yes, Nate Silver, who set aside hunch and folklore, gathered the hard data from a wide variety of public opinion polls and combined their findings into remarkably consistent predictions of the election outcome.
But if the models were successful and largely consistent, it was because they all worked with roughly same underlying polling data. "It was the pollsters that called it right thus far," tweeted Daily Kos founder Markos Moulitsas.
We believe the success of the poll tracking model that Jackman designed for HuffPost Pollster -- predicting the winner of all 50 states plus the District of Columbia -- owes in part to aggregating the polls alone with relatively little additional data or processing (save for the use of past voting data to help combine national and state-level polls and statistical corrections to help reduce the distortions produced by consistent pollster "house effects").
The most important lesson, however, comes from the approaches used by the pollsters, who had data that was collectively accurate in the pre-election surveys. Their approach is the opposite of the impressionistic "gut hunches" that dominate so much of conventional punditry. While their methods often differed, most worked to design a standardized approach to gathering representative samples of voters and taking accurate measurements of their preferences.
The challenges were greater than ever. Record low response rates, record high early voting and a rapidly rising number of cell-phone-only households have all worked to disrupt conventional survey methodologies. Yet for the third presidential election in a row, the pollsters produced results that forecast the correct winner
Not all was rosy. The poll estimates in many of the battleground states actually understated Obama's ultimate margins of victory, a pattern likely resulting from large deviations from industry averages. Voter models used by others appeared to produce rapid and often implausible changes in the composition of the likely electorate.
But it was their common approach that won the day. The pollsters relied not on folklore or anecdotal impression, but on tens of thousands of interviews that systematically measured, rather than assumed, how independents were leaning or how undecided voters were breaking.
Yes, the art of politics is about more than winning, but if we are going to cover the horse race, we ought to get it right.
by Kory Grow
A surprising collection of musicians will write songs for an upcoming theatrical production of SpongeBob SquarePants, dubbed The SpongeBob Musical. David Bowie, Aerosmith's Steven Tyler and Joe Perry, Cyndi Lauper, Flaming Lips, John Legend and T.I. will all contribute original songs to the show. Bowie's tune will feature additional lyrics by Jonathan Coulton, who is also contributing his own song.
Professor to Dress as David Bowie for a Year for ‘Research'
Other artists who will be contributing songs to the production include Lady Antebellum, Dirty Projectors, Panic! at the Disco, Plain White T's and They Might Be Giants. The SpongeBob Musical is set to open on July 3rd, 2016 in the Windy City at Broadway in Chicago's Oriental Theatre. Preview performances will begin on June 7th. It will then open on Broadway in the 2016 – 2017 season.
The show's producers describe the musical as a “rousing tale of a simple sea sponge, who faces the unfathomable,” and they go on to describe the show as “a celebration of unbridled hope, unexpected heroes and pure theatrical invention.”
Director Tina Landau (Superior Donuts) will lead the show, which features a book by Kyle Jarrow (A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant) and music supervision by Tom Kitt (Next to Normal). Casting for the show has yet to be announced. Tickets will go on sale in October via the theater's website.
“We're taking our leads from the TV show, but this is an original story with an original design approach and original songs written just for the occasion by an amazing array of songwriters,” Landau said in a statement. “We will present the world of [SpongeBob's habitat] Bikini Bottom and its characters in a whole new way that can only be achieved in the live medium of the theater.”
Earlier this year, The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water was a commercial success, becoming the Number One hit its opening weekend. The series premiered on Nickelodeon in July 1999 and has since become Viacom's most widely distributed property ever, with translations into more than 50 languages.
The production's most surprising contributor, David Bowie, previously lent his voice to the show in 2007, according to Pitchfork. He is also in the process of developing the characters from his movie The Man Who Fell to Earth into its own musical, Lazarus. He's writing new music for that production, which will star Dexter actor Michael C. Hall.
Related
Image copyright IDF Image caption The Israeli military published conversations between the scammers and soldiers
Israel's military says it has uncovered a scam by Hamas militants to spy on its soldiers by hacking their mobile phones after posing as women on social media.
Members of the Palestinian group found the soldiers online, then tried to strike up a friendship using the fake identities, an officer told reporters.
Dozens of soldiers were persuaded to install an application that controlled their phone cameras and microphones.
However, the officer said Hamas was not able to uncover any major secrets.
Most of the soldiers were low-ranking, he added, and the scammers were interested in information about Israeli army manoeuvres, forces and weaponry around the Hamas-dominated Gaza Strip.
The officer, whose name was not given, said the photos used in the scheme belonged to real women, whose pictures and personal details were stolen from their social media profiles.
Hamas 'seizes Israeli spy dolphin'
Hamas says Israel killed drone expert
Image copyright IDF Image caption The soldiers were sent a link to download a video chat app that took control of their phone
A presentation he gave to reporters on Wednesday included some of the photos and flirtatious messages sent to the soldiers.
"Just a second, I'll send you a photo, my dear," wrote a scammer in one exchange.
"OK. Ha-ha," the soldier replied, before a photo of a blonde woman appeared.
The scammer then suggested they both download "a simple app that lets us have a video chat". In reality, it gave the scammer control of the soldier's smartphone.
The Israeli military's information security unit uncovered the scam after getting complaints from soldiers that suspicious women were getting them to download applications and then going silent.
"It had potential for great damage," the officer was quoted by the Associated Press as saying. "Until now, the damage was minimal. But we wanted to prevent it from happening."
Hamas has so far not commented on the allegations.
R&B star Aaliyah died in a plane crash on Saturday aged only 22, but already her career had been one of unusual daring. Alexis Petridis explains why pop music is the poorer for her loss
Most of the tributes paid after Aaliyah Haughton's death on Saturday night made some reference to the 22-year-old singer's potential to become a major star. One in particular, from her former publicist Bill Carpenter, stood out. Carpenter told reporters that as a result of Aaliyah's death, "black entertainment... has lost the woman who would have eventually become the Diana Ross or Whitney Houston of the twenty-something generation".
The implication is that Aaliyah was on the cusp of becoming a cosy all-round family entertainer for whom music was merely a minor concern. Bearing in mind that she had three film projects pending at the time of her death, it seems a fair assumption. If her career had taken that path, however, it would have been pop's loss.
Aaliyah could certainly act, but her first major film, last year's slick martial-arts thriller Romeo Must Die, was hardly cutting-edge cinema. By contrast, the song she recorded for the soundtrack, Try Again, was one of the most remarkable and forward-thinking pop singles of 2000. Her frequent collaborator, producer and songwriter Tim "Timbaland" Mosely, constructed a sparse, audacious sound around Aaliyah's honeyed voice: disembodied backing vocals, electronically treated string and flute samples, speaker-rumbling bass, and the sort of grinding synthesiser riff more usually found on late-1980s acid-house records. The overall effect managed to be mould-breaking, slightly sinister and effortlessly commercial at the same time.
Timbaland and Aaliyah had repeated the trick on recent hit We Need a Resolution. Compared to most of the records it featured alongside on daytime pop radio - indeed, compared to most records that are currently passed off as "alternative" - We Need a Resolution sounded like an unhinged experiment in sound, one that just happened to have an insistent, catchy chorus attached.
While Aaliyah neither wrote nor produced her own material (the strangeness of her recent singles was Timbaland's work), she was prepared to release musically risky singles into a notoriously fickle pop market. In interviews conducted earlier this year, Aaliyah was discussing a bizarre-sounding collaboration with Trent Reznor of industrial gloom-mongers Nine-Inch Nails: hardly the behaviour of an artist concerned about conforming to the stereotypes of the marketplace.
In fact, Aaliyah belonged to a select band of black American artists - also including Missy "Misdemeanour" Elliot, Destiny's Child and Kelis - whose singles gracefully walk a line between commerciality and experimentation. Their records are never burdened by self-concious artiness. Singles such as We Need a Resolution, Kelis's Caught Out There and Elliot's Get Ur Freak On were designed to make the charts, not to impress the avant-garde. Their route to the top 10 was simply via ear-grabbing originality, rather than slavish imitation of current trends.
If it's difficult to imagine what Aaliyah's collaboration with Trent Reznor would have sounded like, it's impossible to picture a homegrown pop artist considering anything similar. Samantha Mumba to work with Cradle of Filth? It wouldn't happen, for precisely the same reason that Atomic Kitten or A1 are unlikely to make a record as innovative as Try Again or We Need a Resolution.
The concept of a major pop act taking any kind of musical risk, in fact, is utterly alien in the UK. Here, the notion of a groundbreaking or experimental pop single seems oxymoronic. "Pop" has become an insult. It is mocked by august figures such as Bono and George Michael, and artistically devalued to the point where no one bothers seriously discussing the music any more. Press for pop artists is generated by new haircuts, outfits and stunts.
British pop stars will apparently do anything to simultaneously create publicity and detract attention from their actual music. They'll perform yoga in public, let cameras follow their every movement for months, take their clothes off, confess to drink-and-drug misdemeanours and appear in party political broadcasts. It's impossibly cynical and contrived, but it seems to work. What Victoria Beckham's forthcoming solo single actually sounds like doesn't matter, because she pretended to have had her lip pierced, and the top 10 therefore awaits.
By contrast, Aaliyah was a rather remote figure. When she released her first album in 1994, a storm of controversy erupted. Provocatively titled Age Ain't Nothing But a Number, it contained songs like No One Knows How to Love Me Quite the Way You Do - innocuous enough by the bump'n'grind standards of R&B, but faintly troubling when sung by a 14-year-old girl. A rumour emerged that Aaliyah was involved in a relationship with the album's producer, singer R Kelly. She quashed the rumour by severing links with R Kelly, teaming up with Timbaland and dropping the nymphette posturing for her vastly superior 1996 album, One in a Million.
She spent five years working on the follow-up. Her interviews were guarded and platitudinous: at 22, she was still refusing to discuss whether or not she had a boyfriend. After an inauspicious start, she could never have been accused of harbouring an insatiable hunger for publicity.
When a star dies early, their career still in the ascendant, the tendency is to eulogise them for their unfulfilled potential. Aaliyah may indeed have become a Hollywood star, the "Diana Ross or Whitney Houston of the twentysomething generation", slipping into a long and comfortable career as a middle-of-the-road entertainer. The handful of records she made in recent years, however, are a fitting epitaph in themselves. They're pop music as the Beatles or David Bowie would understand it: a perfect balance of commercial appeal and futuristic innovation. At a time when pop is at its lowest critical ebb for years, Aaliyah's records proved that there's more to life than Hear'Say.
Reuters, based on to the Turkish newspaper - Yeni Safak, reports that one of the bombers at the Istanbul Ataturk Airport was Russian citizen Akhmed Chateyev. Chatayev who joined ISIS after leaving Austria, had served time in prison in Georgia. Akhmed Chatayev was captured by Georgian authorities in 2012 after the Lapankuri Special Operation and was sentenced to prison for procuring and storing weapons. During the arrest, police found Chatayev carrying grenades. Chatayev got wounded during the operation and underwent leg amputation.
Chatayev's arrest in 2012 was followed by demonstrations in Tbilisi and in Pankisi Gorge. The Public Defender, Ucha Nanuashvili who then headed "Human Rights Center" and other non-government organizations were stressing that Chatayev was illegally imprisoned. After the elections in 2012, the new government freed Chatayev on bail and the Prosecutor's Office closed his case. Chatayev soon left for Austria where he obtained refugee status. In 2015, US put Chatayev on the international terrorists list.
Commenting on the reports, the head of the Georgian Dream majority in the Parliament, Zurab Kvachantiradze warned media not to try to connect Istanbul attack to Georgian Dream.
“Under the Georgian Dream, many were let out of prison, and maybe there were mistakes made. But do not try to connect the Istanbul terrorist attack to Georgian Dream”, - he said.
Minister of Justice, Tea Tsulukiani said that she, in 2012, was against the decision to free Chatayev, and that she believes prosecutor's office must have paid more attention to such cases. “But now all this is past,” – she commented.
Reuters New Agency reports that the three suicide bombers involved in the attack are the citizens of Russia, Uzbekistan and Kirgizstan. The Turkish government has not yet confirmed the information. Ataturk Airport Attack in Istanbul killed 42 individuals and wounded more than 230. No terrorist group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack. However, Turkish officials believe that the attack was carried out by the ISIS.
Over the years, I've seen more Linux distributions than anyone this side of the Distrowatch editors. Some end-up staying in my offices. For example, I use openSUSE and CentOS on my servers, and I've often used Ubuntu, Fedora, openSUSE, and MEPIS on my desktops and laptops. I'm also constantly looking at new Linux distributions, such as SplashTop and Peppermint on my test boxes or a VirtualBox virtual machine. Now, though, I find myself using Mint 10 as my main Linux desktop.
Why? Because Mint works, really, really well. Simple isn't it?
I run the mainline Mint distribution. It's based on the Ubuntu 10.10 with its GNOME 2.32 desktop. I've been using it on both my work laptop a Lenovo ThinkPad R61 with its 2.2GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor T7500 and has 2GBs of RAM and my workhorse desktops: Dell Inspiron 530S powered by a 2.2-GHz Intel Pentium E2200 dual-core processor with an 800-MHz front-side bus. This box has 4GBs of RAM, a 500GB SATA (Serial ATA) drive, and an Integrated Intel 3100 GMA (Graphics Media Accelerator) chip set. These are in no way, shape, or form leading edge computers. While Windows 7 SP 1 doesn't show to good advantage on either system, Mint runs quickly and smoothly on them.
If you're not crazy about GNOME, the good developers at Mint have just released a version of Mint that uses the KDE desktop. This model uses KDE 4.6--the latest and best of the KDE 4.x line. There's also a version of Mint that uses Debian for its foundation instead of Ubuntu. If you're so inclined there are also versions that use the Xfce, LXDE, and Fluxbox desktops.
To install it all I had to do, as is the case with any modern Linux, was I had to download and burn a Mint image to a CD or USB stick. After that, all I had to do was stick the CD in, boot up, and click a few buttons. In less time than it took my Windows 7 SP 1 update to take, less than half-an-hour, I had a perfectly functional Mint desktop PC.
Customizing my desktop and installing additional software was also a cinch. If someone tells you that you still have to download source code from the Internet and compile it to add a program to Mint, or any other contemporary Linux, you have my permission to laugh at them. Mint's uses an app store-like approach with its Software Manager program that makes it lead-pipe simple to find the program you need. With it, you can also click your way down a program's description to screen-shots, fuller descriptions and, in the case of more popular programs, reviews and a score from other users.
As always one thing that I like about Mint, and makes free-software purists blanch, is that Mint comes with Adobe Flash, MP3 music codecs, the ability to play commercial DVDs, and the like already installed. The only popular proprietary program that runs on Linux that doesn't come by default with Mint is Moonlight, Novell's take on Microsoft's Silverlight multi-media suite.
Mint also comes ready-to-run with all the popular open-source programs such as OpenOffice for office work, Firefox for Web browsing, and Pidgin for instant messaging. I added a few programs, such as Evolution for e-mail instead of the default Thunderbird and the Chrome Web browser.
The one program that I did have to go to some trouble to install was LibreOffice, the OpenOffice fork. It's not in Mint's software repository yet, so you'll need to manually pull out OpenOffice and replace it with LibreOffice. It's not pretty, but it's also not compiling from source code either. I think most users will be better off waiting for Mint's developers to incorporate LibreOffice into Mint. At the absolute latest, that should happen by May.
Other than that though, I like Mint a lot. It works smoothly with my PCs, my peripherals, my network, etc. etc. You get the idea. If you want a fast, reliable desktop Linux you can't do better than Mint today.
The internet is playing such a key role in ­getting information out of Iran that attention has focused, once again, on how much Iran controls the internet within its borders. Iran controls the internet gateways into the country, and in 2006 the government outlawed any connection faster than 128kbps – until the policy met stiff opposition from business leaders and even members of the Iranian parliament.
It's easy to point to countries such as Iran, which the Open Net Initiative says maintains some of the most extensive internet controls in the world, while overlooking the increasing filtering and surveillance of the internet in Europe.
Yaman Akdeniz, the director of Cyber-Rights and Cyber-Liberties, spoke at the recent Deutsche Welle Global Media Forum about the increasing number of websites blocked in Turkey. In 2007, the Turkish parliament fast-tracked ­legislation to regulate the internet, ­passing the bill in just 59 minutes. Supporters defended the legislation on the grounds that it would protect children. In two years, the number of sites blocked went from zero to 2,600.
But many of the sites being blocked have little to do with protecting children from inappropriate content. Blogger, Google's blogging service, was blocked temporarily because one blog was being used to distribute pirated videos of football matches. Richard Dawkins's site was blocked over complaints from Turkish creationists, and Turkey is one of a handful of countries in the world that completely blocks YouTube, Akdeniz says. The Turkish government had asked YouTube to remove videos seen as defamatory to the founder of modern Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. YouTube's owner, Google, offered to block Turkish users from seeing the offending videos, but the Turkish government demanded the videos be taken down from the global site.Of course, whether in Iran or Turkey, the filters are ineffectual.
The Turkish government may be able to block YouTube on computers, but they haven't figured out how to block the service on Apple's iPhone. But it's not just on the edge of Europe, in Turkey. Let's look to the heart of Europe, to Germany, which has just passed a law to crack down on child ­pornography sites by adding offending sites to a DNS blacklist.
German net activists launched an e-petition opposing the plan. They needed to get at least 50,000 signatures in six weeks for the petition to be read in parliament, but they needed only three days to get that number. When the ­petition was closed six weeks later, it had 130,000 signatures, making it the most successful e-petition.
Instead of using filtering technology, the internet community suggested targeting the offending sites. Using leaked blacklists – such as Germany was proposing – net activists were able to get 60 sites containing child pornography shut down, by contacting international internet service providers, the internet activist and blogger Markus Beckedahl said.
The German government backed down on completely blocking the sites after civil rights and even victims' rights groups joined internet activists to oppose the plan. Now, internet users coming to a restricted site will see a ­government warning telling them viewing child pornography is a crime, but the user will still be able to access the site.
Child pornography is an easy target, and it has long been used as a rallying cry by internet censors. But we often don't know what is being blocked.
Here in the UK, it is illegal to even look at the list of blocked sites kept by the Internet Watch Foundation. And while a crackdown on websites makes good headlines, net activists question whether the filtering works or tackles the issue of the exploitation of children.
"Instead of effectively investing time and efforts to have illegal content removed from the internet, the German government is choosing censorship and blocking – an easy and dangerous way out," says Beckedahl.Akdeniz told Deutsche Welle, "In a sense, blocking access to these Web sites does not necessarily make the problem go away. We just push it off our computer screens — whether in Germany or the United Kingdom or any other country- but that doesn't necessarily mean the serious problem of sexual exploitation of children and child pornography disappear from the Internet."
PNN/ Ramallah/
A Palestinian teen was mistakenly killed and four others were injured on Tuesday dawn, after Israeli soldiers opened fire on them west of Ramallah city, central West Bank, under alleged attacks on settler vehicles.
The Israeli army, hours after the shooting, have officially admitted having mistakenly shot and killed bystander Mahmoud Badran (15), and that he had nothing to do with attacks on Israeli settler vehicles.
The Palestinian red crescent told PNN that the soldiers prevented any of the paramedics from approaching the wounded Palestinians for over one and a half hours of waiting.
Mahmoud was left to bleed to death on the ground and was covered with a white cover, two others were injured and two others arrested at the scene.
The Israeli Army opened fire on the youths claiming that they were throwing Molotov cocktails on the 443 road near Jerusalem, which is taken by Israeli settlers, causing partial damage to 12 vehicles.
Al-Quds newspaper reported that Head of the Local Council in Beit our village said they were on their way home to the village from a swimming trip.
A Viewer's Companion to 'Citizen Kane' January 1, 2004 |
"Rosebud." The most famous word in the history of cinema. It explains everything, and nothing. Who, for that matter, actually heard Charles Foster Kane say it before he died? The butler says, late in the film, that he did. But Kane seems to be alone when he dies, and the reflection on the shard of glass from the broken paperweight shows the nurse entering the room. Gossip has it that the screenwriter, Herman Mankiewicz, used "rosebud" as an inside joke, because as a friend of Hearst's mistress, Marion Davies, he knew "rosebud" was the old man's pet name for the most intimate part of her anatomy.
Advertisement
Deep Focus. Everyone knows that Orson Welles and his cinematographer, Gregg Toland, used deep focus in Kane. But what is deep focus, and were they using it for the first time? The term refers to a strategy of lighting, composition, and lens choice that allows everything in the frame, from the front to the back, to be in focus at the same time. With the lighting and lenses available in 1941, this was just becoming possible, and Toland had experimented with the technique in John Ford's The Long Voyage Home a few years earlier. In most movies, the key elements in the frame are in focus, and those closer or further away may not be. When everything is in focus, the filmmakers must give a lot more thought to how they direct the viewer's attention, first here and then there. What the French call mise-en-scene--the movement within the frame-- becomes more important.
Optical illusions. Deep focus is especially tricky because movies are two-dimensional, and so you need visual guideposts to determine the true scale of a scene. Toland used this fact as a way to fool the audience's eye on two delightful occasions in the film. One comes when Kane is signing away control of his empire in Thatcher's office. Behind him on the wall are windows that look of normal size and height. Then Kane starts to walk into the background of the shot, and we realize with surprise that the windows are huge, and their lower sills are more than six feet above the floor. As Kane stands under them, he is dwarfed--which is the intent, since he has just lost great power. Later in the film, Kane walks over to stand in front of the great fireplace in Xanadu, and we realize it, too, is much larger than it first seemed.
Visible ceilings. In almost all movies before Citizen Kane, you couldn't see the ceilings in rooms because there weren't any. That's where you'd see the lights and microphones. Welles wanted to use a lot of low-angle shots that would look up toward ceilings, and so Toland devised a strategy of cloth ceilings that looked real but were not. The microphones were hidden immediately above the ceilings, which in many shots are noticeably low.
Matte drawings. These are drawings by artists that are used to create elements that aren't really there. Often they are combined with "real" foregrounds. The opening and closing shots of Kane's great castle, Xanadu, are examples. No exterior set was ever built for the structure. Instead, artists drew it, and used lights behind it to suggest Kane's bedroom window. "Real" foreground details such as Kane's lagoon and private zoo were added.
Advertisement
Invisible wipes. A "wipe" is a visual effect that wipes one image off the screen while wiping another into view. Invisible wipes disguise themselves as something else on the screen that seems to be moving, so you aren't aware of the effect. They are useful in "wiping" from full-scale sets to miniature sets. For example: One of the most famous shots in Kane shows Susan Alexander's opera debut, when, as she starts to sing, the camera moves straight up to a catwalk high above the stage, and one stagehand turns to another and eloquently reviews her performance by holding his nose. Only the stage and the stagehands on the catwalk are real. The middle portion of this seemingly unbroken shot is a miniature, built in the RKO model workshop. The model is invisibly wiped in by the stage curtains, as we move up past them, and wiped out by a wooden beam right below the catwalk. Another example: In Walter Thatcher's library, the statue of Thatcher is a drawing, and as the camera pans down it wipes out the drawing as it wipes in the set of the library.
Invisible Furniture Moving. In the early scene in the Kanes's cabin in Colorado, the camera tracks back from a window to a table where Kane's mother is being asked to sign a paper. The camera tracks right through where the table would be, after which it is slipped into place before we can see it. But a hat on the table is still trembling from the move. After she signs the paper, the camera pulls up and follows her as she walks back toward the window. If you look sharply, you can see that she's walking right through where the table was a moment before.
The Neatest Flash-Forward in Kane. Between Thatcher's words "Merry Christmas" and "... a very Happy New Year," two decades pass.
From Model to Reality. As the camera swoops above the night club and through the skylight to discover Susan Alexander Kane sitting forlornly at a table, it goes from a model of the nightclub roof to a real set. The switch is concealed, the first time, by a lightning flash. The second time we go to the nightclub, it's done with a dissolve.
Crowd scenes. There aren't any in Citizen Kane. It only looks like there are. In the opening newsreel, stock footage of a political rally is intercut with a low-angle shot showing one man speaking on behalf of Kane. Sound effects make it sound like he's at a big outdoor rally. Later, Kane himself addresses a gigantic indoor rally. Kane and the other actors on the stage are real. The audience is a miniature, with flickering lights to suggest movement.
Advertisement
Slight Factual Discrepancies. In the opening newsreel, Xanadu is described as being "on the desert coast of Florida." But Florida does not have a desert coast, as you can plainly see during the picnic scene, where footage from an earlier RKO prehistoric adventure was back-projected behind the actors, and if you look closely, that seems to be a pterodactyl flapping its wings.
The Luce Connection. Although Citizen Kane was widely seen as an attack on William Randolph Hearst, it was also aimed at Henry R. Luce and his concept of faceless group journalism, as then practiced at his Time magazine and March of Time newsreels. The opening "News on the March" segment is a deliberate parody of the Luce newsreel, and the reason you can never see the faces of any of the journalists is that Welles and Mankiewicz were kidding the anonymity of Luce's writers and editors.
An Extra with a Future. Alan Ladd can be glimpsed in the opening newsreel sequence, and again in the closing warehouse scene.
Most Thankless Job on the Movie. It went to William Alland, who plays Mr. Thompson, the journalist assigned to track down the meaning of "Rosebud." He is always seen from behind, or in backlit profile. You can never see his face. At the movie's world premiere, Alland told the audience he would turn his back so they could recognize him more easily.
The Brothel Scene. It couldn't be filmed. In the original screenplay, after Kane hires away the staff of the Chronicle, he takes them to a brothel. The Production Code office wouldn't allow that. So the scene, slightly changed, takes place in the Inquirer newsroom, still with the dancing girls.
The Eyeless Cockatoo. Yes, you can see right through the eyeball of the shrieking cocatoo, in the scene before the big fight between Kane and Susan. It's a mistake.
The Most Evocative Shot in the Movie. There are many candidates. My choice is the shot showing an infinity of Kanes reflected in mirrors as he walks past.
The Best Speech in Kane. My favorite is delivered by Mr. Bernstein (Everett Sloane), when he is talking about the magic of memory with the inquiring reporter: "A fellow will remember a lot of things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on the ferry, and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in, and on it there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on. She was carrying a white parasol. I only saw her for one second. She didn't see me at all, but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since, that I haven't thought of that girl."
Advertisement
Genuine Modesty. In the movie's credits, Welles allowed his director's credit and Toland's cinematography credit to appear on the same card--an unprecedented gesture that indicated how grateful Welles was.
False Modesty. In the unique end credits, the members of the Mercury Company are introduced and seen in brief moments from the movie. Then smaller parts are handled with a single card containing many names. The final credit down at the bottom, in small type, says simply: Kane...............Orson Welles
Next Article: The Laws of Cartoon Thermodynamics Previous Article: Best 10 Movies of 2003
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
“The one, the only, the infamous Harley Quinn!” – The Joker
Being one of the most beloved female villains in DC Comics, fans worldwide are enthralled by Harley Quinn's madness and her psychotic personality. Established as the Queen of Gotham City with the Joker, Harley Quinn made another remarkable entrance at the nightclub magnificently decked out in her beautiful dancer dress while pole dancing for the crowd. Sideshow and Hot Toys are excited to present the latest sixth scale Harley Quinn (Dancer Dress Version) from the DC Extended Universe blockbuster Suicide Squad!
Sophisticatedly crafted based on Margot Robbie's appearance in Suicide Squad, the sixth scale Harley Quinn (Dancer Dress Version) features a newly developed head sculpt with impressive likeness, a finely tailored fabric dancer dress, bountiful pieces of jewelry, a metal chain, a dancing pole and a specially designed Suicide Squad themed figure stand with character backdrop.
It's time to dress up your shelf with the phenomenal sixth scale Harley Quinn (Dancer Dress Version) collectible figure along with other Suicide Squad characters!
Canberra's fractious relationship with Jakarta faces new strains after Prime Minister Tony Abbott re-affirmed Australia's intention to stop the flow of asylum seeker boats, irrespective of Indonesian concerns over recent territorial incursions.
He said Australia was ''entitled'' to protect its borders and would continue to do so.
The strong statement came after the government released terms of reference late on Tuesday for an inquiry into how and why the navy breached Indonesian waters as part of the secretive Operation Sovereign Borders.
Mr Abbott, who had promised to rejig Australia's foreign policy to be more Jakarta and less Geneva, nonetheless used that European country as the stage to announce Australia would ''continue to do what we are entitled to do to secure our borders''.
Speaking from the Swiss resort town of Davos, where he is attending the World Economic Forum, Mr Abbott praised Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono but said that he ''of all people'' understood Australia's motivations.
Drivers pass the roadside Veterans Memorial in downtown Anchorage. (Ash Adams/For The Washington Post)
Monday night was lasagna night inside the strip-mall storefront of VFW Post 9981. Clemson was still behind Alabama on the big screens as regulars trickled in. At the bar, Joe Federmann considered how Esteban Santiago fell through the social safety net Alaska has for veterans.
A young combat vet, Santiago lived for several years in this town of 300,000 before he boarded the plane that took him to Fort Lauderdale, Fla., where the FBI says he shot five strangers at the baggage claim. Santiago showed signs of serious mental illness and a propensity for violence the year before the trip, investigators say. Federmann wondered whether he had signed up to get mental health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs. There is good help available for vets, he said, but they have to take it.
“The thing about it is, a lot of veterans don't feel they want to seek that help because they think they don't need it,” Federmann said.
It has been more than 40 years since Federmann, 71, saw a man killed by a rocket in Vietnam, but the memory is still searing, he said. When he came back from the war, he and his family moved to Alaska. He found peace in the vast wild landscapes, the fishing and a community of veterans who understood him, he said. He also had good care at VA. When he dies, he would like his ashes spread over an Alaska mountain range, he said.
There are more vets per capita in Alaska than any other state. One out of every three people is either military or a dependent, according to Verdie Bowen, director of veterans affairs for the state. Alaska offers vets opportunities in oil fields, health care, mining, aviation, military contract work and the federal workforce. In a place where bears eat out of trash cans and moose rut in cul-de-sacs, nobody makes a big deal about owning guns. And Alaskans tend to value self-reliance and practicality, Bowen said.
“A lot of the veterans come up here; they want to be on their own,” he said. “A lot of veterans are of an independent mind-set.”
Woody Quackenbush, 72, is a veteran and volunteers with the Alaska Veterans Mental Health Wellness Council. “Everybody who is on the council on the board is either a present or past consumer,” he says. (Ash Adams/For The Washington Post)
Richard Crook was in the Navy for six years and is the chaplain for the American Legion Riders in Anchorage. “These are the best people you'd ever want to be associated with,” he says. (Ash Adams/For The Washington Post)
That mind-set meshes well with Alaska's long legal tradition of respecting individual rights. The state constitution has an uncommon explicit privacy clause, stating “the right of the people to privacy is recognized and shall not be infringed.” A person can carry a gun — open or concealed — without a permit. The standard for committing someone to a mental health facility is high. But this culture of fierce independence may also be part of what kept Santiago from getting the help he needed, said Vanessa Meade, a social work professor at the University of Alaska at Anchorage, an advocate and Gulf War Army combat veteran.
“Individual rights here are really held high, which can be a really good thing,” she said. “But if somebody does need assistance, it can make it hard for people to get access to it.”
When Meade read Santiago's story, a flood of similar recent stories came to mind. There was veteran Micah Johnson, who killed five police officers in Dallas last year, and Gavin Long, who shot officers in Baton Rouge. Most veterans are doing just fine, but for those who are suffering, the system can do better, she said.
Alaska has expanded mental health programs and access to health care for veterans greatly over the past decade. The biggest obstacle for veterans in need of mental health care is getting them to sign up for VA services, Meade said. That's a problem nationwide.
“DOD and the VA don't communicate,” she said. “If a veteran doesn't sign up for services before they leave the military, it is really, really difficult for them to get in.”
Roughly half of Alaska's 70,000 veterans are enrolled with VA, Bowen said.
Joe Federmann, 71, sits at the bar at VFW Post 9981 on football night. Federmann moved with his family to Alaska after he returned from serving in Vietnam. (Ash Adams/For The Washington Post)
It's unclear whether Santiago had enrolled with VA in November when he showed up at the FBI headquarters with his infant child and a gun, complaining his mind was being controlled by a U.S. intelligence agency. He was hospitalized for four days at a psychiatric facility and released. Police took his gun, but having no legal reason to keep it, gave it back a month later. When he arrived four hours early for his one-way flight to Florida on Jan. 6, checking only a firearm, he attracted no attention. Gun cases are a common sight at the airport.
Alaska has no laws that restrict gun ownership. It relies instead on federal law. To lose his gun under that, Santiago would have had to be involuntarily committed on a 30-day petition, said Mark Regan, legal director at Alaska's Disability Law Center.
In Alaska, a person must be proven to be an immediate danger to himself or someone else, or disabled in a way that he is unable to meet his own most basic needs. Alaska's civilian mental health system is not set up to institutionalize patients, and some clinicians say it is overburdened. People in crisis are evaluated, stabilized and sent home with referrals. But sometimes they don't follow through. Even if they are delusional, they are allowed to make that choice. This may be what happened with Santiago.
“That's what happens with a lot of people. They go into API [Alaska Psychiatric Institute], and they come out stabilized,” Regan said. “The way it works has less to do with how the statutes work and more to do with pressures on the system.”
That is how some seriously mentally ill people end up on the street, which is particularly dangerous in Alaska because of the cold. Roughly a third of Anchorage's homeless population is mentally ill. The largest mental health care provider in the state is the prison system.
Veteran Richard Crook displays two of his tattoos. his wife is on his right arm, and a bald eagle is on his left. (Ash Adams/For The Washington Post)
Jeffrey Venes, a former air crewman in the Marines, walked through the Anchorage airport just a day before Santiago on his way to attend community college in Oregon. Venes, 31, who is Yup'ik and Athabaskan, is from Bethel, one of the larger communities in Alaska's vast rural area. There, living off the land, hunting and fishing, is a matter of economic necessity because the cost of food is so high. Two of his brothers are in the military. His dad was in the Navy in Vietnam and his grandfather was in the Territorial Guard during World War II.
“A lot of people do join the service from rural Alaska. It's a very prideful thing to do. Go out and see the world — that's one of the biggest things for me,” he said.
Santiago's story stayed with Venes. They were in the same stage in life. He had even considered joining the Alaska Army National Guard, where Santiago served until he received a general discharge in August after what military officials said was unsatisfactory performance.
The difference was that Venes's family and his village give him a support system, he said.
Bruce Lund, senior vice commander of the VFW Post, sat down the bar from Federmann. He'd recently retired from the Air Force after 26 years that included deployments during the Gulf War and recent Middle East conflicts. He crewed cargo airplanes that hauled troops, supplies, prisoners and sometimes the bodies of soldiers coming home.
“A lot of people don't understand the military, you know?” he said.
He wished that Esteban Santiago had found community in Anchorage that could have helped him. He hated the way that the crimes Santiago is alleged to have committed reinforced stereotypes about veterans and mental illness. For Lund, the military was a good experience, and VFW is a second family, he said. Coffee at the bar is free to any vet who comes in the door.
“Military people are neat people to hang out with,” he said. “Plus, we all have something in common. We've given up a lot.”
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: We continue looking at the U.S. drone program by going now to Syracuse, where a longtime peace activist and father of four is facing up to two years in prison for demonstrating outside the gates of the Hancock Field Air National Guard Base, which is used to remotely pilot drones. Mark Colville is heading to court today to be sentenced, stemming from his arrest last December.
AMY GOODMAN: Mark Colville's action was part of a five-year-old nonviolent campaign organized by the Upstate Drone Coalition here in New York. Over that time, more than a hundred people have been arrested. Mark Colville is a member of the Amistad Catholic Worker in New Haven, Connecticut.
Mark, welcome to Democracy Now! Within a few hours, you'll learn your fate, if you face two years in prison. Tell us exactly what you did. Tell us the date, the time and what your action was.
MARK COLVILLE: Thank you for having me on the show, Amy and Juan. Well, essentially, what I did almost a year ago now—it was December 9th of 2013—I attempted to intervene on behalf of a family in Afghanistan that has experienced the unspeakable trauma of witnessing loved ones being blown to pieces in a drone strike. One member of that family, a man named Raz Mohammad, last year wrote a personal plea to the United States courts and the government, as well as the military, to stop these drone strikes on his people.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to interrupt you for just one minute, because—
MARK COLVILLE: So, I and two—
AMY GOODMAN: Mark, I want to interrupt because we do have a clip of Raz Mohammad in his own words.
MARK COLVILLE: Sure.
RAZ MOHAMMAD: [translated] I think drones are not good. I remember how, in my village, a drone attack killed my brother-in-law and four of his friends. It was truly sad. A beautiful life was buried, and the sound of crying and sorrow arose from peaceful homes. I say that this is inhumane. Today, the idea of humanity has been forgotten. Why do we spend money like this? Why don't we use alternative ways? The international community says that drones are used to kill the Taliban. This is not true. We should see the truth. Today, it's hard to find the truth, and no one listens to the ordinary voice of the people.
AMY GOODMAN: Those are the words of Raz Mohammad from Afghanistan. So, talk about now, Mark Colville, what you did.
MARK COLVILLE: Well, we took Raz's written plea, and we walked peacefully and orderly to the outside gate of the 174th Attack Wing at Hancock Air Field, with the sole purpose of trying to deliver this plea directly to one of the base commanders, whose name is Colonel Earl Evans. We brought—it was Advent, the season of Advent in the Christian churches, and we brought along a litany of prayers for saints and martyrs. We brought poinsettia and a dozen roses along with Raz's plea, and we simply wanted to have that received by the base commander.
The base personnel indicated that Colonel Evans was not going to come out, and so then we simply asked if we could have Raz's plea received and acknowledged. At that point, the military personnel were ordered not to engage us anymore in conversation. And so we decided to just remain there until we received a response. And about an hour later, the local police came and arrested us.
I should say that the drone base located within the jurisdiction of this court, where I'm appearing today for sentencing, it is operating beyond the reach of law. And that was really the reason why I chose to go to the base. I wanted Raz's plea to be heard in a court, and this appeared to be the only way that a court would hear it. And, in fact, it was read in open court by one of the military personnel who I cross-examined.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And, Mark, when you hear this previous segment that we had, the report by Reprieve, that an average of 28 unidentified people are being killed for every single targeted drone strike, your reaction?
MARK COLVILLE: Well, you know, we've known, and it's been reported here on Democracy Now! in previous reports over the years, that, as I said, the drone program operates—it's based on a foundation of criminality. I mean, the United States government, through its drone program, is claiming the legal right to targeted assassinations, extrajudicial killings, indiscriminate killing and the targeting, deliberate targeting, of civilians. For example, even the military admits that one of its modes of operation in drone strikes is something that they have called “double tapping,” which is that after striking a target, the drone is directed back to that same target 20 minutes or a half an hour later in order to strike again after first responders have come to help the wounded. And so, it's on a foundation of criminality. And as we've experienced in the numerous public actions and arrests at Hancock Air Field, this program operates beyond the reach of courts and law. And what we're trying to do is to get courts to engage the criminality in which the United States government is engaged through the drone program.
AMY GOODMAN: How unusual is Hancock? And how central is it to the drone program?
MARK COLVILLE: Well, in large part, the drone program is operated in secrecy. We do know that the Hancock drone base, the 174th Attack Wing, focuses its missions on Afghanistan. And they're weaponized drones. They carry Hellfire missiles and 500-pound bombs. It's very difficult to get specific information about which attacks are launched or directed from which drone base. There are about a dozen throughout the United States that we know about. And we're trying to, you know, just bring this to the light. We're trying to have this brought to the scrutiny of the courts. Now, I'm going to court this afternoon about seven hours from now. I was convicted of five separate charges for simply walking peacefully to the front outside gate of the drone base.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: What were those five—what were those charges?
MARK COLVILLE: Five charges. Two counts of disorderly conduct, one of trespass, which, by the way, are conflictual charges because the one requires that you—the act take place on public property and the other on private property. Obstruction of governmental administration, which is the obstruction of lawful government administration, which we contend, and I contended in court, that the operation behind the gates of Hancock is not lawful. And I was also charged with a contempt of court charge based on kind of cynical manipulation of the law that this court has engaged in by issuing orders of protection on behalf of the base commander, Colonel Evans, against protesters, as if we are a physical threat to Colonel Evans. So, they've actually manipulated these domestic violence laws, essentially, to try to intimidate people and keep them from going to exercise their rights outside the base.
AMY GOODMAN: Mark, we just have 30 seconds, but as we wrap up and you face two years in prison, what are you telling your kids, your four children?
MARK COLVILLE: Well, yeah, I'm telling my kids—and they understand—that whatever hardships that we're about to endure through the injustice of this court, that we should keep Raz Mohammad's family ever in our vision and try to unite our own sufferings to the incredible sufferings that he and his extended family have gone through. And that's the way that we go forward. And we're well prepared for whatever the judge decides to do. As I intend to tell the judge, anything that he does in the court today makes no condemnation of my actions. The court is condemning itself by stopping up its ears to the law.
AMY GOODMAN: Mark Colville, I want to thank you for being with us, with the Amistad Catholic Worker in New Haven, Connecticut, being sentenced today for protesting outside the Hancock Field Air National Guard Base outside Syracuse, New York. And thanks very much to our friends at the WCNY, the PBS station in Syracuse, New York. This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. When we come back, we're going to look at what's happening in Mexico. And also, on the road to the U.N. climate summit, what happened to a group of environmentalists as they try to take their school bus through Ecuador? Stay with us.
Why Portland Needs Open Data
Let's become a landmark city for transparency, equity, and accountability.
Business For A Better Portland Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 6, 2016
Catherine Nikolovski, Director of Hack Oregon, is our guest author for this month's call-to-action. This post is abridged from the original version, which you can read here.
Imagine a city in constant connection. Imagine a city that's adaptive, inquisitive, and inclusive by default. Imagine a city where the same information our leadership uses to make decisions is also accessible and understandable to every citizen. Imagine a city that admits what it doesn't know, and looks outward for new solutions.
A few years ago, that was the dream that inspired Portland to lead the charge in becoming an Open Data City with one of the country's first public transparency resolutions.
Today, with your help, we have an opportunity to make big progress on that dream.
Portland is in the process of rewriting its Comprehensive Plan, a 20-year plan that sets the framework for the physical development of the city. The theme of the new rewrite focuses on issues of affordable housing, homelessness, and neighborhood vitality. There's also a tiny clause, nestled in a section about community involvement, that sets broad, but powerful terms for an open data policy that would be one of the most innovative in the nation. Here's what it says:
Policy 2.11: Open Data. Ensure planning and investment decisions are a collaboration among stakeholders, including those listed in Policy 2.1. The City works with the software development community, data providers, and other professionals with relevant expertise to advise on open data practices and priorities, ensure oversight, and to maximize the utility of City data sets. Data collected and generated by the City are:
● Publicized, accessible, and widely shared.
● Open by default, in the public domain, freely redistributable, and adhere to open standards. Exceptions may be made due to compelling concerns of privacy, security, liability or cost, and should only be granted in accordance with clearly defined criteria and oversight.
This might seem small, but the concept of linking land use and physical space to open data and digital space has enormous potential to define the next decade of Portland's commitment to equity and quality of life.
Here's why this is so critical: Very often the communities who are the most economically vulnerable also lack the most services and infrastructure.
For example, perhaps you've noticed that public transit tends to run less frequently and more inefficiently in places of higher poverty — exactly where people are likely to rely on it the most. What's different now is that we have the data to prove it. That's because once we can define a problem, we can begin to solve for it. In this day and age, if knowledge is power then data is accountability.
With this amendment, we're committing as a city to prioritize information equity, two-way communication, and a transparent democratic process into our urban growth strategy.
Here's what the amendment looks like now, after the city attorney's revision:
The city's point of view is that an open data policy doesn't belong in a land use plan. But the reality is, as communities increasingly rely on the internet and information-sharing to participate in economic, educational, and civic activities, we need to ensure that our digital connectivity is planned as intelligently and equitably as we would our physical neighborhoods. This becomes a conversation about how fundamental opportunity gaps are by defined by the spaces where we live.
If we think about digital inclusion as the backbone of building and maintaining thriving neighborhoods, then it's hard to imagine that data isn't an indivisible part of urban development.
Our dream is still achievable. Portland can set the stage to become an international model as an open data city; but we need to stand together and commit to a long-term plan which promotes digital equity, responsiveness, and data-driven decision making as intrinsically linked to supporting healthy communities.
Call to Action
Let's tell City Council what kind of Portland we want to live in, and send a message urging them to include open data in our Comprehensive Plan.
1. Send an email to the Commissioners
If you cc Hack Oregon, we'll keep you up to date on the email count and news regarding progress. Write your own, or you can copy and paste this one:
To: cputestimony@portlandoregon.gov
CC: mayorhales@portlandoregon.gov, novick@portlandoregon.gov, nick@portlandoregon.gov, dan@portlandoregon.gov, amanda@portlandoregon.gov, catherine@hackoregon.org
Subject: Data and Development are Indivisible.
Dear Commissioners,
I would be proud to live in a city that supports equal access to information for everyone. We deserve a 21st century Plan rooted in the values of digital equity, and I urge you to stand up for Portland's commitment to inclusion and a transparent governing process.
Please keep the open data proposal for Policy 2.11 intact.
[Sign your name and include your Portland residential mailing address]
2. Show your support by attending the Comprehensive Plan public hearing in person
Thursday, April 14 2016, 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM, Portland Building Auditorium, 1120 SW 5th Ave
This is an event hosted by the city, but if you'd like directions and an email reminder in your inbox, here's a link I've made to register here.
Pro Tip: For those of you who have never been to an event like this, it's considered polite to refrain from clapping and noisemaking during the hearing. Even though things may get heated, if you support something, the official preferred method of demonstrating approval is with “jazz hands”.
(For real. It's a thing.)
Now, close your eyes, and imagine a room full of people triumphantly raising spirit fingers to restore democracy. That part we definitely will make a reality.
Please, share this article with your friends.
#jazzhandsfordata
See you at the hearing :)
The stone formation they destroyed was nearly 200 million years old, but the Boy Scout leaders who toppled it claim it posed an imminent threat.
The 3 men responsible, who filmed their activity in Utah's Goblin Valley State Park and uploaded the footage to Facebook, may face felony charges.
A copy of the video was posted on YouTube by the Salt Lake Tribune and shows a scene of giddy revelry. One of the men, "Glenn," is seen attempting to push over one of the park's signature stone formations, known as "goblins." When Glenn can't budge the rock, the man filming tells him to "wiggle it." He shifts position and pushes again; seconds later the delicate buttress that held the boulder aloft gives way, and the massive stone topples over.
"We have now modified Goblin Valley," one of the men says in the video, soliciting a cheer from the man behind him. "A new Goblin Valley exists, with, uh, this boulder down here [at] the bottom," he elaborates, pointing the camera at the large rock now resting below its former perch.
"Some little kid was about ready to walk down here and die," the cameraman continues. "Glenn saved his life by getting the boulder out of the way. So, it's all about saving lives here at Goblin Valley."
Reached for comment by the Salt Lake Tribune, Glenn Taylor, the man who pushed the rock over, maintained they thought they'd done a civic service, though he expressed regret for not having contacted a park ranger.
"I put my hand on a rock and it moved," he told the paper. "While we were sitting right there we thought, ‘Man if this rock falls it'll kill them.' I didn't have to push hard."
Fox13 adds the 3 men were on a church camp-out when the incident occurred. The Emery County Attorney is considering filing felony charges, in which case Taylor's position with the Boy Scouts would be revoked.
The "goblin" the group knocked over, also known as a "hoodoo," forms when a harder rock sits atop softer rock. Over millions of years, the harder rock on top protects the softer stone directly beneath it. The soft matter elsewhere erodes, leaving behind a pinnacle. Rocks in Goblin Valley date back to the late Jurassic period, around 160 million years ago.
UPDATE: 3:45 p.m. -- In a statement to The Huffington Post, Deron Smith, the PR director for Boy Scouts of America, emphasized the organization's focus on teaching respectable outdoor stewardship:
We are shocked and disappointed by this reprehensible behavior. For more than a century, the Boy Scouts of America has been a leader in conservation—from stewardship to sustainability. We teach our 2.6 million youth members and 1.1 million adult members, who collectively spend more than 5.5 million nights outdoors, the principles of "Leave No Trace." These principles stress a commitment to maintaining the integrity and character of the outdoors and all living things. The isolated actions of these individuals are absolutely counter to our beliefs and what we teach. We are reviewing this matter and will take appropriate action.
People of color were the most likely groups to gain coverage and access to care under the ACA, and in the centuries-old struggle over health, they have never been closer both to racial equality of, access and to, the federal protection of health care as a civil right. But if Republicans have their way, that dream will be deferred.
Just as the ACA's defenders find themselves between a once-in-a-generation victory and a potential equally devastating loss, so the MCHR found themselves in 1966. King delivered his address just months after breakthroughs a century in the making. In the height of the movement in the early 60s that brought sweeping changes in voting rights, integration, and education, civil-rights actors had also won major victories in a push for universal health care. Chief among those victories were two of the defining pieces of 20th-century American policy: the Civil Rights Act in 1964 and the passage of Medicare and Medicaid in 1965.
Of course, the Civil Rights Act might not seem like much of a health-care bill, and Medicare isn't usually counted among major civil-rights victories, but as detailed in in health-policy researcher David Barton Smith's The Power to Heal: Civil Rights, Medicare and the Struggle to Transform America's Health System, they were complementary pieces of a grand civil-rights strategy.
Key to that strategy was the 1963 Simkins v. Cone lawsuit, filed by dentist and Greensboro, North Carolina, NAACP leader George Simkins against segregation in the local hospital. In finding in Simkins's favor, the The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled for the first time that institutions receiving federal funds could not abide by the “separate but equal” legal underpinning of Jim Crow. That ruling in turn helped shape Title VI of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which bars segregation and discrimination among entities that receive federal funding, and to this day provides the most effective legal mechanism for federal civil-rights cases.
The NAACP and the National Medical Association—the black professional organization that was formed because the the AMA was segregated—led by W. Montague Cobb fought for the passage of the first major American health reform policy in Medicare and Medicaid. They organized direct action, legal challenges, and lobbying efforts in support of the reform, in direct opposition to most of the rest of the segregated medical establishment. “Medicare was in a very real sense a creation of the civil-rights movement,” Smith says. In the ensuing hearings, Cobb was the only leader of any medical association to testify in favor of Medicare and Medicaid.
In 1965, just a week before also passing the Voting Rights Act, Congress passed the amendment to the Social Security Act that authorized Medicare and Medicaid, with Cobb as the witness to Lyndon B. Johnson's signing ceremony. The law's effects on segregation were felt immediately. Since Medicare's universal coverage of elderly people brought federal funds to about every hospital in America, it also bound them by Title VI's nondiscrimination clauses, which essentially ended segregation in those hospitals—some of the last public arenas in which Jim Crow legally held sway. Medicare was the final federal legal blow for de jure segregation, and without it, there would still be few legal mechanisms to force hospitals to integrate. It's hard to overstate how much Medicare and Medicaid themselves did to end formal segregation.
The 2015 World Championships for Fantasy Flight Games Organized Play take place November 4th through November 8th, and we want you to be a part of the action!
On November 4th, hundreds of the best players around the world will begin arriving in Roseville, Minnesota to participate in the 2015 World Championships. They will compete against each other in thrilling games throughout the week, vying for the honor of being named World Champion, a chance to help design a card, and a host of other unique, one-of-a-kind prizes. While not everyone can attend, we are streaming games all five days, including the final match of each World Championship, giving those at home a way to be a part of the biggest event of the year.
Live Coverage
From November 4th through the 8th, we'll be streaming live games for all of our World Championships on Twitch.tv. Tune into our channel, FFGLive, to watch your favorite games. It all begins shortly before 10:30 am on Nov. 4th! Find each games' schedule on our World Championship page.
Each day we will be featuring games that include National and former World Champions, prominent players in the community, and exciting decks, squadrons, armies, and fleets. In addition, all of our World Championship finals will be streamed, allowing you to see not only who wins, but how they did it. Live commentating by FFG staff and big names in the community will keep you informed from start to finish. Watch thrilling games from the comfort of your own couch, or ask your store to display the event while you play in a local tournament!
Download the streaming schedule for each of our games now to find out when your favorite games will be
shown live.
2015 World Championship Streaming
A Few Short Days
The 2015 World Championships kick off next Wednesday and continue through Sunday, November 8th. You can find the schedule, prizes, and a detailed event pamphlet on our website. Be sure to tune in and watch the best players in the world compete for awesome prizes and everlasting glory!
European leaders should "hang their heads with shame" over their treatment of Syrian refugees fleeing the country's brutal conflict, rights group Amnesty International has said.
In a briefing, released on Friday, entitled; "An international failure: The Syrian refugee crisis", the rights group states that European Union (EU) member states have only offered around 12,000 places to Syrian refugees as part of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugee's goal of securing 30,000 places.
"The EU has miserably failed to play its part in providing a safe haven to the refugees who have lost all but their lives," said Amnesty Secretary General Salil Shetty.
"The number of those it's prepared to resettle is truly pitiful," he added.
He called upon EU leaders to open their borders, provide safe passage to those seeking refuge, and refrain from "unlawful push-back operations" currently being employed to stop refugees entering the continent.
The EU has miserably failed to play its part in providing a safe haven to the refugees who have lost all but their lives. Salil Shetty, Amnesty Secretary General
Only 10 EU member states offered resettlement or humanitarian admission places to refugees from Syria, according to the report. Of the 12,000 places offered, 10,000 have been pledged by Germany. France has offered 500 places and Spain 30.
Eighteen EU member states - including the UK and Italy - have pledged no places, said the London-based charity.
Amnesty claims that the low chance of being granted asylum is forcing refugees to risk their lives by undertaking dangerous boat and land crossings.
'Deplorable treatment'
The report claims that those who make it to Europe are often mistreated.
"In two of the main gateways to the EU, Bulgaria and Greece, refugees from Syria are met with deplorable treatment, including life threatening push-back operations along the Greek coast, and detention for weeks in poor conditions in Bulgaria," it said.
In Bulgaria, Amnesty said it had found refugees "living in squalid conditions in containers, a dilapidated building and in tents".
"It is deplorable that many of those that who have risked life and limb to get here, are either forced back or detained in truly squalid conditions with insufficient food, water or medical care," said Shetty.
About 55,000 Syrian refugees have managed to get through and seek asylum in the EU, said the report.
Almost 97 percent of Syria's refugees - estimated by Amnesty to be 2.3 million in total - have fled to five neighbouring countries: Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt since fighting began.
The conflict, which has killed an estimated 126,000 people and driven millions from their homes, was sparked when the regime of President Bashar al-Assad launched a crackdown after a series of protests in March 2011.
While it hasn't always been clear just how big of a bet Google was going to make on Chrome OS, after Google I/O today, it seems very clear that they're very serious. With the launch of Chromebooks, Google is aiming to strike right at the heart of Microsoft and the Windows stronghold. But they know that one big hold up remains before a browser-based OS can be everywhere: offline access.
With that in mind, on stage today, Google's Sundar Pichai revealed that Google has internally been using offline versions of their three most popular apps for months now: Gmail, Google Calendar, and Google Docs. And this summer, all users will be able to use these apps offline too.
All of this is a long time coming for Google. They've had options for going offline in the past with things like Gears, but it wasn't perfect. And actually, Gears is no longer being supported by Google as Chrome gains many of the same features via HTML5.
Pichai also noted that there are already hundreds of apps in the Chrome Web Store with offline access. And that includes almost every game in the store. This, on top of the built-in 3G connectivity is all vital to ensure the vitality of Chromebooks, Pichai noted.
In preparation for the launch of Forza Horizon 2 on September 30th, we're excited to announce that all Xbox Live Gold members can enjoy Forza Motorsport 5 for free this entire upcoming weekend. Beginning at 12:01 a.m. PDT, Thursday, September 4 through 11:59 p.m. PDT, Sunday, September 7, Gold members in Xbox One markets can enjoy Forza Motorsport 5, in entirety and for free.
The Forza Motorsport 5 weekend will allow you to check out the full Forza experience with special in-game challenges, online play, and collect achievements and Gamerscore. After the weekend, you'll have the option to purchase the game online from the Xbox Games Store or visit your favorite retailer and continue playing from where you left off.
Additionally, Turn 10 has some special events planned for the weekend; for more details on the click over to Xbox Wire.
Lindsey Graham, the Republican senator from South Carolina and GOP presidential candidate, said military retirees will eventually have to pay more for their health care.
In a speech Wednesday at the Atlantic Council in Washington, D.C., Graham, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said the fee structure under the military health care program known as Tricare hasn't changed with any significance in two decades.
"The retired Tricare community is going to have to increase over time the amount they pay to make it sustainable," he said. "About 5 percent of the money to pay Tricare bills comes from the patient population. In the private sector, it's about 20 [percent]. So over time, we're going to have to ask Tricare retirees to contribute more to make Tricare more sustainable."
The cost of the military's health care system almost tripled to $52 billion in 2012 from $19 billion in 2001. Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates in 2009 famously warned Congress that "health care is eating the department alive."
Troop advocates argue overall defense spending soared with the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and that personnel costs as a percentage of the defense budget remained flat at about a third of the spending plan.
The U.S. Defense Department's proposed budget for fiscal 2016, beginning Oct. 1, would consolidate the three Tricare options for military families and reservists into a single plan with slightly higher deductibles and co-pays. It would also increase pharmacy co-pays and add an annual enrollment fee for Medicare-eligible retirees in Tricare for Life.
The spending plan is still being debated on Capitol Hill. While many lawmakers agreed with an independent commission to reform the decades-old military retirement system by creating a 401(k)-like plan for troops, they've been reluctant to do same to the health care benefit for military families and retirees.
The independent Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission earlier this year proposed replacing the existing Tricare program with a choice of commercial health insurance options, though the overhaul wouldn't affect the Tricare for Life program for elderly retirees. The health care and retirement changes, as well as more than a dozen other of the panel's recommendations, were estimated to save the government $12 billion a year by 2040.
Graham heads the Senate Armed Services Committee's Personnel Subcommittee, which in May supported legislation that would offer all troops a 401(k)-like Thrift Savings Plan by 2017 with matching contributions of up to 5 percent and full vesting after two years. The defined-contribution plan was designed for the more than eight in 10 troops who leave before the 20-year mark and don't receive any retirement pay.
The so-called "blended" retirement system would also reduce the existing defined-benefit plan. Under the current system, most officers and enlisted personnel who serve 20 years receive annual retirement pay equal to half of their average basic pay over their last three years of service. The new plan would reduce that figure from 50 percent to 40 percent.
Graham defended the proposed changes during a question-and-answer session at Wednesday's event.
"I have been the author of reforms that have been somewhat unpopular but I think are necessary," he said. "All of us are living longer, so you can't retire after 20 years and get 50 percent of your pay for the rest of your life because that puts pressure on the budget."
"What we've done is said at 20 [years of service], you get 40 percent of your defined benefit but after two years in the military you can take 5 percent of your base pay, put it into an account, and the government will match it 5 percent, and you can have that money," he said. "Seventy-five percent of people who served in the military never get a dime because they leave before 20. Under this new program, you can take your contributions with you. I think we all owe that."
--Brendan McGarry can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com
Love him or hate him, Guy Fieri has become a staple in this country. He's as American as apple pie... covered in cheese... and ribs. Proprietor of several television shows and restaurants across the country, Fieri also rocks a line of cookware as well as his own brand of wine (which he reasonably priced at $100 a bottle). Somehow everything this guy touches turns into golden pinky rings, so what's next for the ever expanding Fieri empire?
The Fieri Snuggie
It's astonishing this collaboration hasn't been done yet. If you made a Venn diagram of Snuggie enthusiasts and Fieri fanatics, it would just be a circle. It's like introducing a NASCAR-flavored beer. The Snuggie corporation would surely enjoy a record number in sales by introducing their new, Fieri Full Throttle Snuggie Bib!
Fieri Financial Services
You guys might laugh at Fieri Financial Services, but many celebrities have created their own credit card. Madonna, Kim Kardashian, and Russell Simmons just to name a few. Visa, MasterCard, Discover, we don't know these people. I've never heard them say anything was so tasty that they'd "eat it off a flip flop!". Guy's card could lure in people who previously were suspicious of non-paper money. Plus, it'll be the only card that offers points exclusively redeemable for cheese.
Full Throttle Fizzed Up Soda
It's fine that Guy wants to try his hand at wine, but we all know it's not where he belongs. The wine world will never give him the respect or accolades he deserves. Eventually, when this wine company goes under and he needs something new to replace the beverage arm of his empire, he'll realize he wasn't meant for high society, he was meant for Guy society - and members of Guy society drink Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew Fieri Flavors would fly off the shelves.
The Fieri Academy
Celebrities have been donating money to fund or open schools for ages, but aren't there enough schools? And between taxes and bake sales don't schools have enough money already? What this country needs is a new kind of school. One that teaches kids real lessons, like how to responsibly stuff cheesecake in a jalapeno popper or how to paint flames on your mobility scooter.
Movies and TV
When Mark Wahlberg let the writers base a show on his life, we were graciously given the show Entourage. If Guy Fieri was to allow his name and likeness to be used in movies and television, it would reshape the face of media. Imagine it, Shark Tank but only for companies making Smash Mouth Spanx, or porn where pizza is delivered, eaten in its entirety, and then a half-hearted attempt at sex is made. Think about how much better the Steve Jobs movies would have been if Wozniak was replaced with Guy. These projects might not be as sophisticated or charming as Entourage, but...
[email protected]
María acelera el paso, un escalofrío la invade y siente que le falta el aire; es el temor y la angustian que, dice, le producen los “chisteos” y miradas lujuriosas de hombres que se encuentra a su paso. Al menos tres veces al día vive esa situación mientras se desplaza de su casa a la universidad.
De acuerdo con una encuesta realizada en 2016 por el Centro de Investigación, Desarrollo, Capacitación y Emprendimiento (CIDCE) y la Universidad Autónoma de Aguascalientes (UAA), en el estado 87% de las mujeres han sido víctimas de acoso sexual callejero.
La joven de 20 años señala que a ella de alguna manera le ha ido bien, porque no ha pasado de silbidos y groserías, comparado con lo que viven sus compañeras, a quienes les han tocado el trasero cuando caminan por la calle y a otras que van en el camión se les “arriman” sujetos para frotarlas por detrás.
“Es muy feo y uno no puede hacer nada, sólo quedarse con el coraje y la impotencia”, dice María, estudiante de la UAA y vecina del fraccionamiento San Marcos.
En la encuesta del CIDCE y la UAA se comprobó que la población más vulnerable de sufrir acoso fluctúa entre los 10 y los 20 años. En los testimonios recabados se halló que 57.78% de los acosadores está cerca de los 30 años y 32.22% dijo que la edad es cerca de los 40.
En Aguascalientes, una ciudad conservadora, se ve como algo natural la violencia sexual en las calles, afirma Perla Belén Hernández González, socióloga y directora del CIDCE. Agrega que escuchar a alguien decirle frases con connotación sexual a las mujeres es como algo normal. “Se vive una problemática que estaba muy poco visible ante la sociedad hidrocálida que ‘es superconservadora' y que ha naturalizado cada vez más la violencia contra las mujeres y específicamente en el ámbito del espacio público”, señala.
Uno de los porcentajes más altos son las groserías con connotación sexual, frases como “Te lo ma...”, palabras muy grotescas. Otros dicen: “¡Qué buenota estás!”. El CIDCE forma parte de la Red Latinoamericana contra el acoso sexual y ha logrado posicionarse por sus acciones directas para combatir el acoso callejero.
Actualmente mantiene vínculos con los observatorios contra el acoso sexual de Chile y Ecuador, así como con el colectivo Lecti Pun 6 España, con el que colabora en un programa sobre ciudades seguras para las mujeres.
El resultado del estudio provocó que el CIDCE pusiera en marcha la campaña “Juntas contra el acoso callejero a mujeres” y la promoción de políticas públicas en el Congreso, a efecto de que se vayan eliminando todas las formas de violencia en el ámbito público.
Penalizaciones. En el estado no se cuenta con alguna ley o reglamento municipal que sancione a las personas relacionadas con la comisión de acoso sexual callejero y que faculte a las autoridades a proceder en su contra.
El hostigamiento sexual está tipificado en el Código Penal Federal desde 1991, y en 2007 el acoso sexual está reconocido en la Ley General de Acceso de las Mujeres a una Vida Libre de Violencia; sin embargo, en sólo 16 estados el acoso está tipificado.
El diputado Iván Sánchez Nájera, del Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD), presentó una iniciativa de ley para reformar los artículos 177 y 179 de la Ley Municipal para el Estado de Aguascalientes, para que se castigue con 36 horas de detención, multa de hasta 100 mil pesos y la obligación del infractor de acreditar al menos tres horas de cursos de concientización en materia de erradicación de la violencia de género.
En la Ley de Acceso de las Mujeres a una Vida Libre de Violencia para el Estado de Aguascalientes el legislador propone la definición de violencia callejera: “Es to-do acto que se realice en contra de una persona en la vía pública, ya sea usando la fuerza física, algún tipo de arma, objeto o sustancia que pueda provocar o no lesiones, ya sean internas, externas o ambas”.
“Es preciso garantizar los derechos de las mujeres y que la violencia callejera que existe tenga estrategias de solución en Aguascalientes”, advierte.
La encuesta se aplicó a mil 200 mujeres de 15 a 35 años; de ellas, 97% dijo estar de acuerdo en que exista una sanción para los acosadores.
Temor en las calles. Lorena Velázquez, de 29 años y asistente de investigación, menciona que ante los dichos violentos de los agresores, nada se puede hacer, “sólo aguantarte”.
“Te sientes insegura, sientes repulsión. A mí me da mucho miedo, te atacan, te dicen este tipo de cosas cuando vienes sola; sientes miedo, sientes que te van a golpear; no sabes ni qué pensar en ese momento… con la impotencia de no saber qué hacer: si llamo a la policía y si el agente lo para, ¿qué se puede hacer?”, dice.
En el proceso de sensibilización contra de ese tipo de violencia, activistas del CIDCE diseñaron playeras con la idea de que hombres y chicas se unan a la campaña antiacoso; en ellas se plasma lo que las mujeres piden: “Déjame caminar tranquila”, “mi escote no es una invitación a acosarme”, “juntas contra el acoso”, y la especial por la época de feria que recién concluyó: “La feria es pública, mi cuerpo no”.
La encuesta revela que las chicas sufren persecución de extraños que van a pie o en bicicleta, lo que les genera pánico, aunque vayan dos o tres de ellas juntas. Por esa situación pasan niñas desde los 10 años, estudiantes de secundaria de 12, 13 y 14 años y se acentúa en mujeres de 15 a 24 años.
En los camiones se vive también mucho acoso sexual hacia las chicas, sobre todo las que van a las universidades, a las preparatorias: sujetos que se masturban, les hacen tocamientos, les pegan el pene en el trasero.
A consecuencia de los piropos groseros u ofensivos sobre su cuerpo o de tipo sexual en las calles, se sienten intimidadas, temerosas de ser víctimas de un ataque o abuso sexual. Las afectadas cambian su ruta por miedo, rodean, evitan el uso de ropa escotada y faldas o pantalones cortos.
“Asumen la estrategia de cambiar el trayecto o de ir vestidas de diferente manera, lo que va modificando su vida cotidiana, porque tienen que tomar rutas más extensas, donde estén más alumbradas las calles para llegar al transporte público”, dice la socióloga.
Laura, vecina de la colonia Las Huertas, tuvo que modificar el trayecto hacia su trabajo atemorizada por un sujeto que la seguía y a sus espaldas le susurraba frases y le “siseaba” mirándola lascivamente.
Daisy Esparza, encargada de encuestar a mujeres en la pasada edición de la Feria Nacional de San Marcos, dice que éstas no sólo no quieren pasar por ciertos lugares, sino que también se ven afectadas en su forma de vestir.
“Con este calor que hace, si usan una falda corta o una blusa muy escotada saben que los hombres les van a decir cosas, sobre todo en multitud, y se limitan. Entonces, ellas se empiezan a cuidar y cambian su manera de vestir”, comenta.
Scott Johnson was victim of gay hate attack at Sydney's North Head, inquest finds
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Coroner Michael Barnes found Scott Johnson was the victim of a gay hate crime (ABC News)
After three inquests and almost 30 years, a coroner has found 27-year-old American mathematician Scott Johnson's death in 1988 was the result of a gay hate attack.
The decision comes at a historic time for the LGBTI community in Australia, Mr Johnson's family said, but they cannot ignore that "the killers probably still live among us".
Mr Johnson's naked body was found at the bottom of a 60-metre cliff at North Head, Manly, in Sydney.
"I am of the view it is very unlikely Scott took his own life," coroner Michael Barnes said.
Mr Barnes stressed there were many reports of gangs of men, including soldiers from the nearby Army barracks, converging on the area where Mr Johnson died and committing gay hate assaults and robberies.
The coroner also concluded the area, Bluefish Point, was a well-known gay beat, something police denied during the investigation.
"I am persuaded to the requisite standard that Scott died as a result of a gay hate attack," he said.
The coroner found it was most likely that more than one person was responsible for the attack which led to Mr Johnson either being pushed off the cliff, or him falling while trying to escape.
"There is however insufficient reliable evidence to identify the perpetrators," he said.
He made note that Mr Johnson's wallet was not found with his clothes or at his partner's house where he had been staying.
It was also concluded that although Mr Johnson's clothes were found folded and undamaged near the cliff's edge, he may well have been already naked when he was set upon.
Despite the Johnson's family call for an investigation by the NSW Crime Commission, the coroner declined to make such a recommendation.
"There are over 500 suspicious deaths that are awaiting investigation, none of which have received the same scrutiny this case has," Mr Barnes said.
'The killers still live among us'
Mr Johnson's brother Steve thanked the inquest and said they may be closer to finding out who is responsible for Mr Johnson's death.
"The inquest produced many leads that should still be pursued," he said.
"The killers probably still live among us.
"Now it's time for a homicide investigation… and there's lots to go on."
Steve Johnson made a plea for those responsible to come forward and help in the "progress being made toward humanity and healing in Australia".
He said their parents, who have died within the past five years, would have been pleased with the inquest's finding.
US private investigator and journalist Daniel Glick, who Steve Johnson hired to investigate his brother's death, expressed his anger at the initial evidence from police that the area where Mr Johnson died was not a gay beat.
"It was so clear to everyone who lived in Manly and the northern beaches and indeed the gay community that this place was a beat," he said.
He believes there could be "many more" unsolved murder mysteries which were a result of gay hate crimes in past decades.
Mr Barnes offered his condolences to the Johnson family, who have long argued against the theory that Mr Johnson took his own life.
"When Scott Johnson's body smashed into the rocks … a life full of promise and exciting potential was tragically cut short and his family lost a cherished member," he said.
This is the third inquest to be held into the 30-year-old mystery.
The first inquest found Mr Johnson took his own life while the second did not make findings on how he fell.
Mr Barnes today admitted that initial investigations by police "regrettably" jumped to conclusions without examining all the facts.
"I'm sure that was not due to any malice or other improper motives, rather it was just easier to accept what seemed to be the most obvious explanation."
A spokesperson for NSW Police said the Homicide Squad's Strike Force Macnamir presented all available evidence to the Coroner gathered during its four-year investigation.
"The case will remain open and any new information provided to police relating to the circumstances of Mr Johnson's death will be thoroughly investigated," the spokesperson said.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, sexuality, sydney-2000
First posted
At least 60 people are missing and believed drowned after the dinghy they were on sank off Libya, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said on Friday.
The IOM spokesperson Flavio Di Giacomo wrote on Twitter that 80 people, who had disembarked in the southeastern Italian port of Brindisi, told IOM staff that they were rescued after their dinghy capsized.
80 survivors brought to Brindisi reported to IOM staff that their dinghy with abt 140 people on board capsized: abt 60 migrants went missing — Flavio Di Giacomo (@fladig) June 30, 2017
The inflatable had been carrying 140-150 people including women when it began taking on water five hours after setting off from North Africa on Monday.
"They don't know how long it was before help arrived. They clung to bits of the dinghy until it fell dark, then a boat arrived and they were rescued," Di Giacomo told AFP.
The survivors were later transferred to the British military ship HMS Echo, which is currently operating in the Mediterranean as part of the European Union's anti-trafficking Operation Sophia.
They were among 550 people the HMS Echo disembarked in Brindisi on Friday, following an intense week of rescues at sea.
With smugglers taking advantage of a spell of good weather and calm seas, more than 10,000 people were rescued from rickety boats off Libya since Sunday alone.
Nearly 77,000 migrants have landed in Italy since January, up 15 percent on the same period in 2016.
The IOM estimated that 2,169 people have died or gone missing since the start of the year while trying to reach Europe in Mediterranean Sea crossings.
A radically new approach to the design of batteries, developed by researchers at MIT, could provide a lightweight and inexpensive alternative to existing batteries for electric vehicles and the power grid. The technology could even make “refueling” such batteries as quick and easy as pumping gas into a conventional car.
The new battery relies on an innovative architecture called a semi-solid flow cell, in which solid particles are suspended in a carrier liquid and pumped through the system. In this design, the battery's active components — the positive and negative electrodes, or cathodes and anodes — are composed of particles suspended in a liquid electrolyte. These two different suspensions are pumped through systems separated by a filter, such as a thin porous membrane.
The work was carried out by Mihai Duduta '10 and graduate student Bryan Ho, under the leadership of professors of materials science W. Craig Carter and Yet-Ming Chiang. It is described in a paper published May 20 in the journal Advanced Energy Materials. The paper was co-authored by visiting research scientist Pimpa Limthongkul '02, postdoc Vanessa Wood '10 and graduate student Victor Brunini '08.
One important characteristic of the new design is that it separates the two functions of the battery — storing energy until it is needed, and discharging that energy when it needs to be used — into separate physical structures. (In conventional batteries, the storage and discharge both take place in the same structure.) Separating these functions means that batteries can be designed more efficiently, Chiang says.
The new design should make it possible to reduce the size and the cost of a complete battery system, including all of its structural support and connectors, to about half the current levels. That dramatic reduction could be the key to making electric vehicles fully competitive with conventional gas- or diesel-powered vehicles, the researchers say.
Another potential advantage is that in vehicle applications, such a system would permit the possibility of simply “refueling” the battery by pumping out the liquid slurry and pumping in a fresh, fully charged replacement, or by swapping out the tanks like tires at a pit stop, while still preserving the option of simply recharging the existing material when time permits.
Flow batteries have existed for some time, but have used liquids with very low energy density (the amount of energy that can be stored in a given volume). Because of this, existing flow batteries take up much more space than fuel cells and require rapid pumping of their fluid, further reducing their efficiency.
The new semi-solid flow batteries pioneered by Chiang and colleagues overcome this limitation, providing a 10-fold improvement in energy density over present liquid flow-batteries, and lower-cost manufacturing than conventional lithium-ion batteries. Because the material has such a high energy density, it does not need to be pumped rapidly to deliver its power. “It kind of oozes,” Chiang says. Because the suspensions look and flow like black goo and could end up used in place of petroleum for transportation, Carter says, “We call it ‘Cambridge crude.'”
The key insight by Chiang's team was that it would be possible to combine the basic structure of aqueous-flow batteries with the proven chemistry of lithium-ion batteries by reducing the batteries' solid materials to tiny particles that could be carried in a liquid suspension — similar to the way quicksand can flow like a liquid even though it consists mostly of solid particles. “We're using two proven technologies, and putting them together,” Carter says.
In addition to potential applications in vehicles, the new battery system could be scaled up to very large sizes at low cost. This would make it particularly well-suited for large-scale electricity storage for utilities, potentially making intermittent, unpredictable sources such as wind and solar energy practical for powering the electric grid.
The team set out to “reinvent the rechargeable battery,” Chiang says. But the device they came up with is potentially a whole family of new battery systems, because it's a design architecture that “is not linked to any particular chemistry.” Chiang and his colleagues are now exploring different chemical combinations that could be used within the semi-solid flow system. “We'll figure out what can be practically developed today,” Chiang says, “but as better materials come along, we can adapt them to this architecture.”
Yury Gogotsi, Distinguished University Professor at Drexel University and director of Drexel's Nanotechnology Institute, says, “The demonstration of a semi-solid lithium-ion battery is a major breakthrough that shows that slurry-type active materials can be used for storing electrical energy.” This advance, he says, “has tremendous importance for the future of energy production and storage.”
Gogotsi cautions that making a practical, commercial version of such a battery will require research to find better cathode and anode materials and electrolytes, but adds, “I don't see fundamental problems that cannot be addressed — those are primarily engineering issues. Of course, developing working systems that can compete with currently available batteries in terms of cost and performance may take years.”
Chiang, whose earlier insights on lithium-ion battery chemistries led to the 2001 founding of MIT spinoff A123 Systems, says the two technologies are complementary, and address different potential applications. For example, the new semi-solid flow batteries will probably never be suitable for smaller applications such as tools, or where short bursts of very high power are required — areas where A123's batteries excel.
The new technology is being licensed to a company called 24M Technologies, founded last summer by Chiang and Carter along with entrepreneur Throop Wilder, who is the company's president. The company has already raised more than $16 million in venture capital and federal research financing.
The development of the technology was partly funded by grants from the U.S. Department of Defense's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and Advanced Research Projects Agency – Energy (ARPA-E). Continuing research on the technology is taking place partly at 24M, where some recent MIT graduates who worked on the project are part of the team; at MIT, where professors Angela Belcher and Paula Hammond are co-investigators; and at Rutgers, with Professor Glenn Amatucci.
The target of the team's ongoing work, under a three-year ARPA-E grant awarded in September 2010, is to have, by the end of the grant period, “a fully-functioning, reduced-scale prototype system,” Chiang says, ready to be engineered for production as a replacement for existing electric-car batteries.
(Reuters) - Californian lawmakers passed a law on Thursday requiring universities to adopt “affirmative consent” language in their definitions of consensual sex, part of a nationwide drive to curb sexual assault on U.S. campuses.
A cyclist exits the entryway to the Main Quad at Stanford University in Stanford, California, May 9, 2014. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
The measure, passed unanimously by the California State Senate, has been called the “yes-means-yes” bill. It defines sexual consent between people as “an affirmative, conscious and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity”.
The bill states that silence and a lack of resistance do not signify consent and that drugs or alcohol do not excuse unwanted sexual activity.
Governor Jerry Brown must sign the bill into law by the end of September. If he does, it would mark the first time a U.S. state requires such language to be a central tenet of school sexual assault policies, said Claire Conlon, a spokeswoman for State Senator Kevin De Leon, who championed the legislation.
Opponents of the bill say it is politically over-reaching and could push universities into little charted legal waters.
The bill comes amid mounting pressure nationwide by lawmakers, activists and students on universities and colleges to curb sexual assaults on campuses and to reform investigations after allegations are made.
The White House has declared sex crimes to be “epidemic” on U.S. college campuses, with one in five students falling victim to sex assault during their college years.
Universities in California and beyond have already taken steps, including seeking to delineate whether consent has been given beyond ‘no means no'.
Harvard University said last month it had created an office to investigate all claims of sexual harassment or sex assault, and that it would lower its evidentiary standard of proof in weighing the cases.
Under California's bill, state-funded colleges and universities must adopt strict policies regarding sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking, among other actions in order to receive financial aid money.
No college or university voiced opposition to the bill, Conlon said.
The U.S. Department of Education in May released a list of 55 colleges — including three in California — under investigation to determine whether their handling of sex assaults and harassment violated federal laws put in place to ensure equal treatment in higher education.
The Californian institutions on the list are University of California, Berkeley, Occidental College and the University of Southern California.
Andrew Nicholson's next stop in his basketball career will be overseas.
After five years in the NBA, the Mississauga forward has signed with the Guangdong Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association.
The Tigers have won the CBA title eight times, good for a share of the league record.
Several former NBA players have spent time with the organization, including Carlos Boozer, Jeff Adrien and Ike Diogu.
Nicholson, 27, had a promising rookie season with the Orlando Magic, who selected him 19th overall in the 2012 NBA Draft, but his production and playing time have decreased ever since.
When his contract with Orlando expired last year, he signed a four-year deal with the Washington Wizards, but was traded to the Brooklyn Nets midway through the season.
In July, he was traded again to the Portland Trail Blazers and waived a month later. That deal was only made because Portland wanted to shed the salary of Allen Crabbe, who was traded to Brooklyn.
Nicholson has averaged six points and three rebounds over 285 career NBA games.
Recently, he played with Canada's national team, which went 1-2 at the FIBA Americup — part of the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualifying process — in Argentina.
Last Friday I looked at the 2014 Senate playing field. Today's it's the House's turn. Bottom line: House Republicans will almost certainly retain their majority. But whether it gets larger or smaller matters, and it's a bit too early to predict which is more likely.
The basics are pretty straightforward. The party holding the White House tends to lose seats in midterm elections — as Democrats did in 2010 — especially in the sixth year of a two-term presidency, as Republicans did in 2006. In fact, there's only been one case of the party in the White House gaining at that point; Democrats gained a few seats during the Monica Lewinsky scandal in 1998.
And in fact, a seat-by-seat analysis of the 2014 cycle so far, although very early, point to how difficult it will be for the Democrats to gain 17 (net) seats; so does large-picture analysis.
However, gains for Democrats — which would defy history — are certainly possible. One of the reasons, after all, that the president's party usually does badly in midterms is that they it typically does better than it “should” do when it wins the presidency. That's what happened for Dems in 2008, but not really in 2012. Unlike during Obama's first midterm, the number of tough seats for Democrats to defend is relatively small, and there are more targets for pickups than there were then.
So what should election-watchers look for? There are two ways to follow House elections. One is through the big picture: obviously, the more popular Democrats are and the more popular Barack Obama is the more likely it is that Democrats will gain seats. According to the model used by political scientist Alan Abramowitz, if the “generic” ballot question is even, with respondents split between favoring Democrats and Republicans, then the GOP would gain six seats in 2014. Currently, Democrats actually have about a five point lead, however, which would predict a small gain for them in House seats. So for the big picture, watch the generic ballot question, or just watch to see if Obama can become as popular as Bill Clinton was in 1998 and George W. Bush in 2002, when their parties gained in midterms.
The other way to look at it, however, is seat by seat. In particular, what matters here are retirements (thus robbing a party of the valuable incumbency advantage in those seats) and recruitment (because strong challengers who have been elected to some other office have a much, much better chance of winning House elections than unqualified beginners). For the most part, it's too early yet to get much of a fix on what's happening in that sense.
One other thing. Steve Singiser makes the reasonable point that seat by seat, at this point, overlooks the possibility of a “wave” — and would have, at this point, totally missed what was going to happen in three of the last four House cycles. A surge in favor of either party could easily produce large gains that appear implausible right now. However, on balance I'd say that weighs in favor of Republicans. In the fifth and sixth years of a presidency, it's historically far more likely that a sudden change in popularity would be for the worse, not for the better. It's not impossible that Obama could reach 70 percent approval, but it's almost certainly more likely that he'll crater down to 30 percent. My best guess, however, would be that he holds or even modestly improves on his 2012 gains, making 2014 more of a status quo election in the House.
Overall, then, the tilt of the playing field going into the cycle probably favors Republicans a little bit, but the continued unpopularity of the GOP, at least so far, probably makes up for that, and maybe even enough to allow Democrats to gain a handful of seats.
************************************************************************************************************
Here's your Happy Hour reading:
1. Matthew O'Brien: the clear lesson of the jobs report is to stop cutting the deficit.
2. In case you've lost track of the stampede, Jonathan Capehart details the Senators who flipped on marriage this week.
3. New this afternoon: the Sherrod Brown/David Vitter banking bill. Tim Ferholz has the scoop.
4. Jonathan Cohn seems some possibility that the president's budget strategy might work.
5. But Paul Krugman leads the liberal charge against the Obama's strategy.
6. Jason Linkins explains how Obama's budget move could be received by the deficit nags.
7. And one thing that's no surprise: John Boehner has already rejected Obama's budget, despite not actually knowing what's in it. Steve Benen reports.
8. If you ask the right question, maybe entitlements are the answer. Ezra Klein explains.
9. Harry Enten takes a closer look at polling that shows marijuana legalization is gaining ground.
10. Interesting idea by Zach Elkins: to solve the gun safety debate, pass a consensus Constitutional amendment.
11. Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Raul Grijalva tells David Dayen that he hopes liberals will hold the line against Chained CPI, but he's “seen this movie before” in the public option debate.
12. Garance Franke-Ruta tries to explain why Barack Obama's remark to Kamala Harris was a botch.
13. And Barack Obama's quite necessary and probably sufficient apology.
It is not simply one element of Spaced, whether it be the writing, the camera work, the delivery of the lines, or the circumstantially mundane or surrealistically absurd plot-lines, but the combination of all of these things together is what creates such a unique and brilliant piece of media.
For those of you who don't know, Spaced is a 2 series British sitcom from 1999 to 2001. This is where the trio of Edgar Wright directing and Simon Pegg and Nick Frost acting got their start. You may remember these names from Hot Fuzz and Shaun of the Dead. Edgar Wright would go on to direct Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and Simon Pegg and Nick Frost would go on to write and star in Paul. Out of all of the things I've listed, Spaced has to be my favorite.
What really brings this show together is the relationship between the writing and the directing. Sure, the writing and the acting play a huge role in here too, but the way the script's exaggerated spins on mundane life clash with Edgar Wright's signature hyperbole and surrealist style ties the show together in a way so tight that not even the best line delivery in the world could compare to it. The partnership of Jessica Hynes and Simon Pegg writing with Edgar Wright directing was really a match made in heaven. A match so good that it has stood the test of time, even if Jessica Hynes relatively fell off the face of the planet after this series.
The weird thing is, that's all I really have to say about this show on an analytical level. I mean sure, I could talk about the characters, but they're just not the most deep or complex characters to ever be put on screen, and even that is a bit of an overstatement. There isn't much I could say about these people that isn't already addressed in the show itself. I could try, but it would end up with me saying something like this:
“Marsha's an alcoholic, chain-smoker who has no sense of timing or occasion. Isn't that funny? The jokes are so hilarious. Why is Marsha like this? I dunno.”
And I'm pretty sure nobody would want to read a review like that and I most certainly don't want to write a review like that.
The same can be said for the overall plot of the show. They're not the most interesting or complex plots to talk about, and even if I did talk about them, it wouldn't amount to anything more than shear fan-gasming.
Reviewing Spaced is kinda like reviewing an anthology of Peanuts comic strips. I don't have to explain why it's great and funny because everyone who's experienced it already knows why. So, I'll leave you to knowing why if you have watched the series. And if you haven't watched the series, what the serious fuck are you doing here reading me rambling about how good it is. Watch it. Now!
In the words of Quentin Tarantino: “The one, the only…SPACED. Accept no substitute”
FAVORITE EPISODES: Beginnings, Battles, Ends, Back, Help, Gone, Dissolution, Leaves
LEAST FAVORITE EPISODE: Epiphanies
Peace; Love; Empathy;
-Alaska
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
One of the nation's oldest and fiercest rivalries will be renewed again this weekend when Stanford and California meet in the 120th edition of the Big Game.
The No. 22 Cardinal (7-3, 6-2 Pac-12) have dominated the rivalry over the past decade, winning seven in a row against the Bears and eight times in the past 10 seasons. Stanford seems well-equipped to keep it going, coming into the game with a scoring defense (21.4 ppg) that ranks second in the Pac-12.
California (5-5, 2-5) must prevail in one of its final two games to become bowl eligible for the second time in three seasons. California hasn't traveled an easy road in Pac-12 play. Injuries have hit the Bears hard, with 11 different players knocked out for the season so far this fall.
Stanford owns a 62-46-11 lead in the rivalry series with California. The Cardinal's current seven-game winning streak equals its longest such streak over the Bears.
California at Stanford
Kickoff: Saturday, Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. ET
TV Channel: FOX
Spread: Stanford –16
Three Things to Watch
1. Love making a Heisman Push
Can Bryce Love (above, right) end Stanford's string of second-place finishers in the Heisman Trophy chase? The junior running back is doing everything he can to keep his name in the minds of Heisman voters across the nation.
Love took center stage in Stanford's 30-22 upset win over then-No. 9 Washington. He earned Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Week honors for the third time this season after rushing for 166 yards and three touchdowns. He extended his FBS-leading touchdown streak to 11 games and finished with more than 140 yards for the eighth time in nine games this season.
It's easy to see that Love has a valid argument to win the Heisman Trophy in 2017. No other running back can touch what he has accomplished this fall. Love leads the nation with 8.96 yards per carry and 1,622 total rushing yards. Love has ripped off 10 runs of at least 50 yards through nine games.
Only one team, Washington State, has managed to hold the junior under 100 rushing yards in 2017.
2. Laird on the rise
In just a few games, Patrick Laird has risen from a third-string walk-on running back to a force to be reckoned with in the California backfield.
Laird enjoyed his finest performance to date in a 37-23 victory over Oregon State, rushing 33 times for a career-high 214 yards. That rushing total ranks in the Top 10 for single-game performances in the Pac-12 this season. Laird also had the 10th-best single-game rushing performance in California history and totaled the most rushing yards by a Bears player since Jahvid Best rushed for a school-record 311 yards against Washington in 2008.
Laird is closing in on a 1,000-yard rushing season, with 796 yards in nine games. His emergence offers a nice balance to the production of quarterback Ross Bowers. Currently, Bowers ranks in the top 25 among FBS quarterbacks in completions per game (22.70), passing yards (2,615) and passing yards per game (261.5).
3. Defensive disruption
Turnovers are guaranteed to play a huge role in the Big Game this season, as both Stanford and California excel at getting opponents to cough up the ball.
The Cardinal lead the Pac-12 in turnover margin by a large margin. Stanford has gained 20 turnovers this season while giving the ball away only nine times. That plus-11 turnover margin is tied with No. 1 Alabama for eighth among FBS teams. The Cardinal did not commit a turnover against Washington and have committed more than one turnover against only two opponents — San Diego State and Oregon — so far this season.
California is tied for eighth nationally in turnovers gained, with 22 takeaways. The Bears have 13 interceptions and nine fumble recoveries, ranking in the top 20 among FBS teams in both defensive categories. They are 4-0 when winning the turnover battle this season.
The only problem for California is that it gives up the ball almost as often on offense as the defense takes it away. The Bears have totaled four turnovers over their last three games and have committed 13 turnovers in seven Pac-12 games.
Final Analysis
Traditionally, the Big Game can be counted on to provide tightly contested games and dramatic finishes; a total of 52 games between Stanford and California been determined by one touchdown or less. However, this hasn't been the case in recent seasons. The Bears have lost by an average of 21.9 points in their last seven games against the Cardinal. Stanford has big-play capability behind Love and quarterback K.J. Costello that California will be hard pressed to contain.
Prediction: Stanford 34, California 21
— Written by John Coon, who is part of the Athlon Contributor Network. Coon has more than a decade of experience covering sports for different publications and outlets, including The Associated Press, Salt Lake Tribune, ESPN, Deseret News, MaxPreps, Yahoo! Sports and many others. Follow him on Twitter @johncoonsports.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption It is possible doctors could be able to prescribe medicinal cannabis from the end of the year
Medical cannabis could be legalised in Jersey and Guernsey due to the findings of a report rejected in the UK.
The islands' governments are reviewing laws around the drug, citing a report commissioned and "ignored" by a UK parliamentary committee.
Report author Professor Mike Barnes said evidence found "no reason" not to legalise cannabis for medical use, and UK laws were "behind" other countries.
The Home Office said "rigorous standards" were needed.
For more stories from across the Channel Islands.
The States of Jersey said the report, Cannabis: the Evidence for Medical Use, formed the basis for the planned changes across both islands.
It was reviewed by Jersey's Misuse of Drugs Advisory Council, which recommended considering reclassifying some cannabis-based products.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sativex is the only cannabis based product available in the UK and Guernsey, in Jersey nabilone is also privately available
Currently cannabis is listed as having "no recognised medicinal value" under misuse of drugs laws in the UK, Jersey and Guernsey.
Jersey's health minister Senator Andrew Green and president of Guernsey's committee for health and social care, deputy Heidi Soulsby, have been working on the proposals together.
Both governments stressed the move would not "legalise cannabis or any of its derivates", which would remain controlled substances, and Senator Green called the move a "small cautious step" down the medicinal route.
The Barnes Report: Background
Commissioned in May 2016 by the UK's All-Party Parliamentary Group on Drug Policy Reform
Professor Michael Barnes and his daughter Dr Jennifer Barnes conducted a literary review of more than 20,000 papers concerning the use of drugs containing cannabinoids, a compound found in cannabis
The results showed "indisputable evidence" that cannabis-based medication helped "with a wide range of conditions", according to Professor Barnes
Strong evidence was found to support treatment of chronic pain, spasticity, nausea and vomiting, particularly in the context of chemotherapy, and anxiety
It concluded further research was being "stifled" by the government's classification of cannabis as having "no medical benefit"
On hearing of the move in the Channel Islands, Professor Barnes said he was "very pleased", and wished the UK would follow suit.
He said the UK was "well behind the rest of the world" and the current position of cannabis having "no medical benefit" was "unreasonable".
He added legalising cannabis for medical use would help developers research and produce better products.
The current system, where interested parties must apply for a Home Office licence before being able to research and develop products, is too time consuming, according to the professor.
A spokesman from the Home Office said it had "no plans" to legalise cannabis, and the drug currently has no recognised medicinal benefits in its "raw form" in the UK.
Sativex use Prescriptions 2014-2016: Sativex is only available in Jersey privately. 7,400 England
41 Guernsey GW Pharmaceuticals
He added the cannabis-based medicine Sativex, used to treat patients with multiple sclerosis, was currently in circulation after being "rigorously tested" by the government's Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency.
The Home Office said the UK was "open" to considering applications for other medicinal cannabis products, and would consider issuing licences to enable trials if a product complied with "appropriate ethical approvals".
SALT LAKE CITY — The allure of free(ish) eggs, locally produced food and DIY culture have led many people, including many Utahns, to get on the backyard chicken bandwagon. And while it's not a bad wagon to be on, many have found the care, cleanup and crowing are too much and have taken to abandoning their chickens, especially their roosters.
NBC reports that sometimes dozens of chickens at a time are being left at sanctuaries around the nation.
“Many areas with legalized hen-keeping are experiencing more and more of these birds coming in when they're no longer wanted,” Paul Shapiro, spokesman for the Humane Society of the United States told NBC. “You get some chicks and they're very cute, but it's not as though you can throw them out in the yard and not care for them.”
The number of animals at the Chicken Run Rescue in Minneapolis has ballooned 10 times from 50 to 500 since 2001. Employees at the shelter said they see the problem as stemming from the "locavore" culture, that is, seeking food grown or raised as close as possible. Some may not be willing to put in the work.
Related:
More cities looking at allowing backyard chickens More cities in Utah are considering or are already allowing residents to have backyard chickens. Those who own the birds say it's definitely worth it.
“It's the stupid foodies,” Britton Clouse told NBC. “We're just sick to death of it.”
It's not clear how bad the problem is in Utah, though there's no doubt the popularity of chickens has been on the rise.
Salt Lake City, Sandy, Spanish Fork, Orem, Provo and several other cities have ordinances allowing people to raise chickens on their residential property under certain circumstances.
The Ching Farm Rescue and Sanctuary said that chickens have become their number one problem over the last couple years. Executive Director Faith Ching said they have roughly 70 chickens, including 12 roosters.
"We get calls of abandoned chickens in the canyons, downtown Salt Lake City," she said. "We've had to rescue them from all over." She said they'll get about four emails or calls everyday from someone looking to unload a rooster or a hen.
Ching said the problem is eggs. Folks want fresh eggs and intend to buy hens, but it is notoriously difficult to tell a male from a female chick. Six months later, after thinking they've bought only females from the local feed store, a rooster will start crowing and owners will realize they've bought a rooster by mistake.
Many cities allow for hens, but not roosters.
We have a lot of people who really love their chickens. –Jenny Bloom of Wasatch Community Gardens.
"Basically there's nowhere for these animals to go," she said.
Carmen Smith, director of Wild Friends at the Best Friends Animal Sanctuary, said there has been a "drastic increase in requests to take in flocks of females too. Unfortunately Wild Friends is filled to capacity with males."
Roughly half must have their own chicken run because of fighting, and having even one female around can lead to serious fights among the males, making it even harder.
On the other hand, Salt Lake County Animal Services has not reported a big problem.
"Knock on wood," said Sandy Nelson, with Salt Lake County. "Hopefully we don't."
Nelson said that there are two roosters in their care right now.
Nelson said that a license is required in Salt Lake City, which could be at least one reason people in the area seem less likely to abandon their chickens.
Of course, they could also be more willing to, shall we say, eat their problems if things get too hard.
×
Related Links
Given the establishment media's focus on the “scandal” surrounding President Donald Trump and his administration's contact with Russian officials, it is worth reminding Americans of the revelations involving Hillary Clinton and the Kremlin.
1. Hillary Clinton approved the transfer of 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia and nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.
While Hillary Clinton's State Department was one of eight agencies to review and sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia — then-Secretary of State Clinton herself was the only agency head whose family foundation received $145 million in donations from multiple people connected to the uranium deal, as reported by the New York Times.
2. Bill Clinton bagged $500,000 for a Moscow speech paid for by a Kremlin-backed bank while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State.
Former President Bill Clinton delivered a speech in Moscow and received a $500,000 speaking fee from a Russian government-connected bank, while his wife's State Department was getting ready to sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia.
“And, in one case, a Russian investment bank connected to the deals paid money to Bill Clinton personally, through a half-million-dollar speaker's fee,” reported the New Yorker.
3. Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman's Joule energy company bagged $35 million from Putin's Rusnano.
Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta sat on the executive board of an energy company, Joule Unlimited, which received millions from a Putin-connected Russian government fund. Podesta also owned “75,000 common shares” in Joule Unlimited, which he had transferred to a holding company called Leonidio LLC.
Podesta also failed to fully disclose his position on Joule Unlimited's board of directors and include it in his federal financial disclosures, as required by law, before he became President Obama's senior adviser in January 2014.
4. Clinton Foundation chatter with State Dept. on Uranium Deal with Russia.
Senior staffers inside Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign were warned by Clinton Foundation senior vice president Maura Pally that the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Charles Grassley (R-IA), was asking the Department of Justice to investigate the State Department approval of the sale of American uranium assets to a Russian company.
The chain of emails proved the regular interaction between members of the Clinton campaign and senior staff at the Clinton Foundation.
5. Hillary Clinton hid $2.35 million in secret donations from Ian Telfer, the head of Russia's uranium company.
Ian Telfer, the head of the Russian government's uranium company, Uranium One, made four foreign donations totaling $2.35 million to the Clinton Foundation, as the New York Times reported.
“Uranium One's chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $2.35 million,” the Times reported. “Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors. Other people with ties to the company made donations as well.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.
Several gay equality groups are working to change the culture of homophobia and transphobia in Ireland's schools
Gay teachers in Ireland have said their students are bullying them, and they fear they cannot do anything about it in case they lose their jobs.
At the Teachers' Union of Ireland annual conference, Patrick Hogan, from Limerick City Council, said action was needed immediately to stop ‘the fear being suffered by so many of our colleagues.
‘Our LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) colleagues fight to overcome the huge fears they face in their schools every day,' he told the conference.
‘These fears are not just of losing their jobs, but fears of homophobic bullying they face on the corridors of their schools.'
Speaking to the Irish Independent, Hogan added in some schools were turning a blind eye to homophobic bullying of teachers by students.
‘These may be colleagues who are already under strain within a school and this is allowed to be tolerated,' he said.
‘They would be isolated incidents around the country.
‘In one part of the country, there is a teacher who is under severe strain at the moment, and was transferred into a particular school – she was not happy with this.
‘She was transferred out of there and has since been transferred back in there and faces [homophobic bullying] on a daily basis,' Hogan added.
Speaking to Gay Star News, Brian Sheehan, the director of the Gay and Lesbian Equality Network in Ireland, said many schools are silent about either LGBT teachers, or homophobic or transphobic bullying of staff and students.
‘That silence breeds a culture of bullying of teachers, and more importantly bullying of young people,' he said.
‘One of the things in Ireland are there are not many teachers who are open in schools, due to the possibility that legislation would not protect them.'
Sheehan said gay rights in Ireland, ever since the decriminalization of homosexuality 20 years ago, has evolved rapidly.
He is working with parliament to stop an exception in Irish equality laws that poses a threat to LGBT teachers.
As schools are independently run, and often funded by Catholic groups, Sheehan said it was difficult to get all the good work into schools.
‘As more and more LGBT teachers come out, and more and more LGBT students come out, there will be a continued change to the culture in schools,' he said.
Attorneys for a teen at the center of a sexual exploitation scandal that has led to investigations in a number of Bay area law enforcement agencies have filed a claim against the city of San Francisco seeking $18 million in damages.
The claim was filed Sept. 30 by attorneys Pamela Price and Charles Bonner on behalf of a woman, now 19, who has alleged that she had sex with a number of police officers from Bay Area law enforcement agencies while she was an underage sex worker. In return, some of those officers allegedly tipped her off to police enforcement actions.
The complaint alleges that three San Francisco officers, identified only by the initials A.L., G.N., and R.D. and their supervisors and superiors "either directly engaged in, stood by with a blind eye or acted
to cover up this modern day slavery" by police.
"They coerced (the plaintiff) to continue such acts for her so-called protection," the complaint states. Price and Bonner also filed claims with Oakland and Richmond last month totaling $96 million and said they planned claims against Alameda County and Livermore as well as San Francisco.
The sex trafficking allegations have so far resulted in criminal charges being announced in Alameda County against five current and former Oakland police officers, a former Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy and a
former Livermore police officer.
Related:
In Richmond, officials have said 11 officers were investigated and no criminal charges were filed but some face disciplinary actions ranging from termination to letters of reprimand and counseling.
In San Francisco, police have said they are investigating the allegations. The claim is a precursor to a possible lawsuit, and San Francisco has six months to respond to it. A spokeswoman with the city attorney's
office Thursday said they had received the claim and were reviewing it, but did not have further commented.
By Bay City News
Photo via Shutterstock
Construction work on a new US airbase in Japan's southern island of Okinawa is to be suspended, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday. Abe says the base needs to be built, but will engage in further dialogue with the Okinawa authorities.
"The government has decided to accept the court-mediated settlement plan," Defense Minister Gen Nakatani said, according to the Kyodo news agency.
The settlement plan was agreed with the Okinawa prefectural government and concerned landfill work, which needed to take place in order for the US military base to be built.
Read more
Tokyo has been locked in a war of words with the Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga, who opposes a new base being built in the Henoko area of Nago. The US and Japan say the current US Marines' Futenma airbase needs to be relocated to a less populated part of the island, but Onaga is adamant it will not be built in his prefecture.
Prime Minister Abe still believes the only option is to build the airbase in Henko, which is a sparsely populated coastal area in the north of Okinawa. However, he says the government will halt construction work and will try to reach a mutually acceptable solution with the Okinawan authorities.
Abe's announcement to suspend the construction of the airbase came after the head of the US Marine Corps said the project to move the airbase from Futenma, which is in a built-up residential area, to Henko, was merely behind schedule.
General Robert Neller told Congress on Wednesday the project had been “delayed partly due to demonstrators and lack of support from the government of Okinawa,” the Japan Times reported.
Admiral Harry Harris, the commander of the US Pacific Command, said he believed the plan to relocate the base would be delayed until 2025. However, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga was irked by the admiral's remarks remarks.
“We have never told the United States that there will be a delay in the Henoko relocation plan until 2025,” Suga told a parliamentary session.
Tokyo orders work to start on Okinawa US base, despite governor's opposition https://t.co/xF0SZdUgNkpic.twitter.com/dAbPuLHSJd — RT (@RT_com) October 28, 2015
Japan's Defense Ministry had ordered work on the reclamation project to restart in October, after Governor Onaga revoked permission for the construction.
However, this has led to mass protests across the country. In February, thousands of demonstrators encircled Japan`s parliament in Tokyo to protest against the relocation. Over 28,000 people joined the rally, according to the Kyodo news agency. Opposition rallies were also held in the cities of Toyama, Okayama, Sapporo, Nagoya and Osaka.
“The central government is trying to force through landfill work to move the base to Henoko, but justice and righteousness are on our side,” Nago Mayor Susume Inamine said at the rally in Tokyo, according to the Japan Times.
The previous Okinawa governor, Hirokazu Nakaima, gave the green light for the relocation of the base in 2013. However, after Onaga won the elections in 2014, he promised to oppose the plan – to the delight of the majority of locals.
There has been tension for years between the local population and US servicemen. This dates back to a notorious crime committed in 1995, when three US marines kidnapped and raped a 12-year-old schoolgirl.
There have also been less-publicized sex crime cases involving underage victims reported in 2001 and 2005, the fatal running over of a female high school student by a drunken US marine in 1998, and other incidents.
Okinawa, home to about one percent of Japan's population, hosts nearly half the 47,000 US troops based in Japan.
Five of The World's Best Denim Festivals
Trade shows have been a long standing tradition in the garment and fashion industry with brands, mills, and companies across the world gathering to show their latest collections and offerings. As more consumers express interest in interacting with brands and being more connected with the industry in general, there has been a rise not only in attendance to existing events but the creation of new consumer focused events around the world.
As we look back to the different events we've gone to and prepare for more in the coming years, we put together a list of some of the best festivals we've enjoyed attending.
Amsterdam Denim Days
In only its second year, Amsterdam Denim days is a very new festival but also one of the more elaborate and longer ones on our list. Spanning 6 days in April, it is split in two parts with the first half, named Kingpins, being invite-only for industry professionals and the latter half, named Blueprint, being open to the public to interact with brands, mills, and to purchase goods.
Started by James Veenhoff of House of Denim, Marietta Hoitink of HTNK, and Lucel Van Den Hoeven of Modefabriek, Amsterdam Denim Days features a wide variety of brands across different fashion genres as well as music, food, and indigo and denim related activities. What is particularly unique is that the program is not only within the festival grounds but also includes many parts of the city where shops and brands hold their own special events throughout the 6 week.
Denim Bruin
Held in the San Francisco Bay Area over the course of 3 days in August, Denim Bruin is definitely one of the smallest denim events but its grassroots beginnings and focus on creating a community gives it a very different vibe than many events.
Rather than acting an avenue for many brands to showcase new products, the organizers, who are also the guys behind the web forum Denim Bro, select a small group of makers, brands, and shops to put on theme specific events on each of the days and often times, brands will bring out very limited run collections for Denim Bruin.
The exhibits and topics change each year but normally they're presented by the selected denim brands, stores and vintage collectors in collaboration with the organizers. Past participants include Blue Blanket, W.H. Ranch, Whitefeather Mfg Co., Levi's Vintage Clothing, Hollows Leather, and Roy.
Inspiration LA
Founded by Rin Tanaka of My Freedamn, Inspiration LA just closed out its 7th annual event with a rather huge attendance of about 3,000 people this February. The show was created as a vintage and Americana focused event featuring hundreds of brands and collectors from all over the world and it draws one of the largest groups of vintage fashion enthusiasts.
Each year there is a central theme in which the event loosely revolves around and the brands uses this time to showcase their upcoming new products while collectors and vintage dealers bring out their rarest collections for people to admire and purchase. As expected, other aspects of vintage collecting and Americana culture are embraced with vintage cars, machines, and art displayed throughout the two day event. Past events have featured brands like The Real McCoy's, YKK, Good Art HLYWD, Heller's Cafe, Railcar Fine Goods, Hayabusa Kat Klother, and Hollywood Trading Co.
Pronto Denim Carnival
Pronto Denim Carnival does its name justice with its hyper focus and embrace of all things denim. Held in Bangkok, Thailand, Pronto Denim Carnival wrapped up its 4th year this year with a really impressive lineup of denim brands.
As the name implies, the event is very denim focused with brands like Iron Heart, Imperial, The Flat Head, Nudie, Naked & Famous, Full Count, and Pure Blue Japan not only showcasing their products but many of the brands also create special edition Pronto collaboration jeans that are only available at Pronto Denim Carnival. There generally is a central theme that the decor is based on and like many of the other festivals there are activities, exhibits, and presentations that occur throughout the day.
Inazuma Festival
Organized by the well known Lightning Magazine, Inazuma Fest is normally held on the outskirts of Tokyo each year and hosts over 100 vendors selling their old season stock and one offs for cheaper prices and attracts thousands of visitors each year.
Set up like a Americana/Denim/Vintage Fashion swap meet not unlike the ones you'd find in the US, the brands, which include not only denim brands but also vintage vendors, jewelry brands, and leather brands, set up shop in tents and it's off to the races with the customers. Like many of these events, people also use this opportunity to show off their denim styles and connect with others who share the same fashion sense.
Over a thirty-six hour period in Los Angeles, a handful of disparate people's lives intertwine as they deal with the tense race relations that belie life in the city. Among the players are: the Caucasian district attorney, who uses race as a political card; his Caucasian wife, who, having recently been carjacked by two black men, believes that her stereotypical views of non-whites is justified and cannot be considered racism; the two black carjackers who use their race both to their advantage and as an excuse; partnered Caucasian police constables, one who is a racist and uses his authority to harass non-whites, and the other who hates his partner because of those racist views, but who may have the same underlying values in his subconscious; a black film director and his black wife, who believes her husband doesn't support their black background enough, especially in light of an incident with the racist white cop; partnered police detectives and sometimes lovers, one Hispanic female ... Written by Huggo
Web Privacy Census
Popular Web sites are far more aggressive in their consumer-tracking practices than most people suspect, according to the first report of UC Berkeley Law School's Web Privacy Census, and consumers are trapped in an escalating privacy crisis with limited control over their personal information.
The main goal of the census is to "define and quantify vectors for tracking consumers on the Internet," in essence to create a critically needed evaluation component to measure the ever-changing and often-evasive methods companies use to track visitors.
Not surprisingly, the quarterly report released yesterday saw that all of the top 100 sites use cookies to track users and visitors, though overall cookie use appeared to be on the decline.
What it found instead is that Web sites are increasing their use of HTML5 local storage -- objects like tracking software placed on a user's computer -- and that the use of this tracking method has doubled in the past year.
To conduct the census, Nathan Good, chief scientist of Good Research, and Chris Jay Hoofnagle, director of information privacy programs at the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology, worked with privacy company Abine to collect data from the top 100, 1,000, and 25,000 most popular Web sites.
The technical collaborator for the census, Abine is a consumer-level privacy company with a suite of tools and products that help individuals take control of their online data privacy. Its specialty is understanding and monitoring how people are tracked online. But Abine is also a company that regularly takes data-mining companies to task when they abuse people's privacy rights, distributes anti-tracking tools (such as browser plug-ins), and prides itself on privacy activism.
Sarah Downey, a lawyer and privacy analyst for Abine, told me:
The Web Privacy Census shows that tracking is not just on sketchy websites you've never heard of. It's on ALL of the most popular Web sites in one form or another, sites that consumers know and trust. In fact, there's an alarming increase in the volume of tracking on the most popular Web sites.
According to the Web Privacy Census:
Google had cookies on 105 of the top 1,000 sites; the company's ad tracking network, doubleclick.net, had cookies on 685. Combined, we detected that Google has a presence on 712 of the top 1,000 websites. Only 285 lacked some type of Google cookie.
Also in the top trackers were BlueKai (often the top tracker, whose clients include six of the Fortune 20 companies), Quantserve (Quantcast, with its stormy privacy track record), ScoreCardResearch (ComScore), and Adnxs (a seeming vector for malware).
Downey explains:
The harms of online tracking are real and growing. This isn't about targeted advertising, like the ad industry wants everyone to believe. This is about the collection and use of your personal information in ways you can't even imagine. Some of the real, demonstrated harms include price discrimination (the WSJ just covered how Orbitz targets Mac users with more expensive hotels), lowered credit scores and limits, denial of insurance coverage/more expensive coverage, lost job opportunities, identity theft, filter bubbles, censorship of speech and association due to fear of later repercussions, and erosion of the 4th Amendment right to privacy (particularly society's collective understanding of when an expectation of privacy is "reasonable" in the face of all this tracking).
Establishing benchmarks for evaluating online tracking is going to be crucial as lawmakers and policymakers begin to take steps to address internet privacy. The timing of the Web Privacy Census report is, in fact, just before the first open meeting to begin implementation of President Obama's Privacy Bill of Rights.
Abine is working on further analysis of the Web Privacy Census, and Downey promises it will include "data that will name names."
To write or not is my current question..first world problems! Well it's pretty much official at this point..the dead are back in a big way. After a knock out performance in DC, a charity gig at MSG, and last nights woostah show it seems the dead juggernaut is in full swing again. Last night was such a great show that there really isn't much to critique. Each song was well played, the lyrics were even remembered and delivered in a professional if not heart felt manner. We got bust outs…Dear Prudence (only the 3rd time played if my old deadbase skills are correct) had Bobby looking possessed by the muse by the end of the song. It was followed by a tribute to Allen Toussaint, who passed the day before, in I believe a first time ever played Get out of My Life Woman (of course JGB covered this quite regularly…and again my deadbase skills are rusty). Ripple was spectacular to close the show with Mayer playing the upper registrar of his acoustic guitar so well it evoked the sounds of a mandolin. Every song seemed stretched out..a maturity level to the songs one wouldn't expect with 2-3 (as a beloved critic of mine has rightly pointed out Jeff is the longest keyboard player the dead have ever had..let's hope the spinal tap curse doesn't strike him!!) fill-in members to the band. Was this the longest Cassidy ever played? I don't know for sure but I wouldn't doubt it.
So what's left other than glowing praise from a fan boy? Not much really. I will say they should make me a soundman's assistant of some sort. The sound was good mind you…but since the essentials are in place we could tweak it a bit..it always could be louder (a problem i had even back in the day..i'm always trying to hunt out the sweet spots..yeah i was mostly in the philzone back then!). As has been often noted Jeff needs to be turned up..particularly when he's on Brent's old B3..barely audible most of the night. Mayer has his tone a la 4 Paul Reed Smith's amps and his new guitar made by the same…it doesn't come across as much in the streams as I've heard live, but he could use to turn down the treble and boost the mids…it would help get that fat old tone we all know and love. Some like to criticize Bobby's delivery on Jerry songs…not me..I'm just happy he can still sing so well!
Lastly I just want to sound like a cranky old man for a bit! With the dead's return and popularity come the same old problems that plagued later day Jerry shows. There was gate crashing at Worcester..not a good sign..although we all know the desire is great to get in. If desperate I prefer the bribe the doorman method…much less unseemly. And a note to nitrous tank owners…try to be a little more discreet? Setting up shop right outside the main doors will undoubtedly attract the wrong kind of attention and just doesn't seem to be the best business plan in the long term!
PS. Rumours are all ready swirling about a summer tour (Mayer is busy in spring) and I for one can't wait…nothing better than than the dead on a warm summer night surrounded by the best folks in the world! I just hope we don't end up like the T.Swift or one of Mayer's other jilted lovers when he inevitably moves on to other projects (maybe I can write a hit song or two about it though!) Somebody on tour dose the hell out of that talented motherf#cker…let's make it so he can't leave us!!!
PSS. I'd just like to give unsolicited thanks to the http://www.mezcalcantina.com/…. after show they stayed open late to serve the deadhead masses and did so exceptionally well…their tequila list is an alcoholics dream and their food ain't bad either….thanks for reading…blakeout!!!!
Related
Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Teddy Bridgewater is reportedly expected to miss the entire 2017 season as he continues to recover from knee surgery in September.
Continue for updates.
Peterson Comments on Bridgewater's Recovery
Saturday, Feb. 4
"He's doing good," Vikings star Adrian Peterson told TMZ when asked about Bridgewater.
Peterson said he doesn't believe Bridgewater will miss all next season, per TMZ.
Latest on Bridgewater's Recovery
Friday, Jan. 27
Bleacher Report's Jason Cole provided the latest details on Bridgewater's status Friday, including an updated timetable that wouldn't see the QB back to full strength until March 2018:
Friends to Foes, Ex-UGA Teammates Meet in Super Bowl Cooks Gave a Super Gift to This Rams Employee Mahomes Loves Ketchup as Much as Torching Defenses Bears Hoping to Ride Club Dub to the Super Bowl The Worst Fantasy Football Punishments for Last Place NFL Players Bring Soccer Traditions to the NFL JuJu Is a Man of the People Bills Superfan 'Pancho Billa' Continues to Inspire Happy 26th Birthday to OBJ 🎉 Mahomes Is 'Showtime' Off the Field Too Thielen's Ride from Underdog to Record-Breaking WR Shanahan and His Son Carter Are Hyped for Carter V Browns Winning Off the Field with Community Service Conner's Journey from Beating Cancer to Starting RB Does Donovan McNabb Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? B/R Fantasy Expert Matt Camp Gives His Picks for Keep or Release After Week 2 Does Hines Ward Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? Shaquem Griffin Starting for Seahawks in Week 1 Luck Recommends His Favorite Reads in Virtual Book Club The Best Moments from NFL Training Camps Right Arrow Icon
However, Mark Craig of the Star Tribune reported nothing has changed surrounding Bridgewater's recovery, although there is still no timeline for his return.
The information falls in line with the Vikings' initial fears about the major injury potentially costing their franchise quarterback two full seasons.
Jay Glazer of Fox Sports reported following the surgery the organization was uncertain about his return due to the "gruesome" nature of the setback:
Bridgewater's Agent Denies Report
Friday, Jan. 27
"I would not overreact to a story that has zero substance and no credibility," Bridgewater's agent, Kennard McGuire, told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Bridgewater's Absence Creates Dilemma for Vikings
Minnesota acquired veteran Sam Bradford via trade from the Philadelphia Eagles to fill the void before the regular season started. In September, general manager Rick Spielman told Peter King of The MMQB one of the reasons they targeted the Oklahoma product was the fact he's under contract through 2017.
"What really was significant for us was the second year of the contract with Sam," he said. "No one knows how long it's going to take Teddy to recover. I had one other thing going with another team on Friday, but we liked Sam a lot."
Meanwhile, Bridgewater didn't shed any light on his comeback efforts after winning the Ed Block Courage Award in late December. Craig noted the 2015 Pro Bowl selection did put a positive spin on the entire experience, though.
"It's an honor to win this award, especially as my teammates made the selection," Bridgewater said. "2016 has been amazing for me. Everyone looks at an injury as a negative. It has helped me spiritually and mentally even with me already being an extremely positive person."
He added: "My injury was a new challenge, and I love challenges. With the help of many people we have attacked this challenge head on and expect great success in the future. A special thanks to the Vikings training staff and all those that support me along my journey."
The Vikings actually got off to a terrific start without him. They entered their bye week at 5-0 with the look of a potential Super Bowl contender. Alas, a long list of injuries eventually caught up with them.
Along with Bridgewater, the team was forced to place cornerback Mackensie Alexander, defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd and offensive tackles Matt Kalil, Jake Long and Andre Smith on injured reserve. The end result was an 8-8 campaign.
Bradford provided exactly what you'd expect based on his track record. He led the league in completion percentage (71.6) and put up a rock-solid 99.3 passer rating. But his 7.0 yards per attempt ranked 19th as the team failed to make many big plays through the air.
If Bridgewater does miss all of the 2017 campaign, it will be more of the same for Minnesota. The team will be forced to lean heavily on its ground game and defense with Bradford and the aerial attack playing a complementary role in a potential push for the playoffs.
This post was co-authored by Ana Lucía García Briones.
“White Supremacy is a sickening and destructive ideology, and we all must stand united against it,” wrote the president of Environmental Defense Fund, Fred Krupp, after the racist march and violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
None of our supporters would argue with the sentiment, but some may ask why an environmental group is talking about bigotry at all.
Aside from a moral obligation to speak up, there are reasons directly related to our environmental mission that made this response necessary. As Fred said in his statement, “America cannot achieve a better future in an atmosphere of hate.”
In a country hobbled by racism, we must address civil rights to be able to make true environmental progress.
It's simple: Bitterness and division hurt our ability to focus the nation on clean air, clean water and a healthy climate. People have difficulty prioritizing lowering smog or mercury when they're worried about an angry mob with torches – or a person in the Oval Office who refuses to unequivocally denounce them.
Environmental progress is a civil rights issue
Because of white supremacy, people who were not considered “white” were until not-so-long ago forced to live in specific city neighborhoods that were often zoned for industrial purposes or placed within flood plains. It's because of such systemic and institutionalized racism that people of color in the United States live with more pollution and environmental risk than other Americans do.
We're more likely to have lead in the water we drink and more peeling paint in our homes. We disproportionally live near power plants spewing air pollution, and with higher risks of flooding in our neighborhoods.
Our families are more likely to live and go to school closer to toxic superfund sites, which means they'll be more likely to suffer from developmental problems, health impacts, asthma and other health conditions. In short, lives and opportunities of many Americans of color are set back because they're exposed to pollution created to power and enrich the lives of all Americans.
Looking forward: Justice will be part of our fight
Large national environmental groups haven't always focused on these issues as much as we should have. Environmental justice groups and many local organizations have been courageously dedicated to this fight, but some of us at the national level have been slower to engage.
Today, we're committed to creating a world in which people from all backgrounds and experiences feel connected to the environmental challenges we face, and are engaged in the process of creating and implementing durable, equitable solutions. But we also know we still have a ways to go.
Speaking up against bigotry and violence like what we saw in Charlottesville is an easy and inadequate, but necessary, part of that critical effort.
After decades of industrial decline, the second-biggest city in New York state is enjoying a new lease of life, as galleries, restaurants and music venues make the most of its architectural heritage
Designed by prestigious architects using the best materials, the Buffalo State Asylum was, when it opened in 1880, a mark of the city's commercial stature and progressive attitudes. But times changed and the sandstone colossus was abandoned in the 1970s. Now an ambitious plan will restore and transform the site, renamed the Richardson Olmsted Complex after the lead architects, into an 88-room hotel, the Buffalo Architecture Centre and a conference space.
Chicago's new high line is ‘more than an elevated park' Read more
When it opens in 2016, the complex will again be a symbol of progress. Executive director Monica Pellegrino Faix says: “Our reuse weaves together the past and the present: just as with Buffalo's renewal, we are redeveloping incrementally and sensitively.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Richardson Olmsted Complex, in a former asylum and one of Buffalo's iconic buildings. Photograph: Joseph M. Cascio
Buffalo, on the Canadian border in the north of New York state, was the US's eighth-largest city in 1900, but became a rust-belt wreck as industry declined. Billions are now being invested in hi-tech industries and waterfront parks. College grads and artists are drawn by cheap housing and a burgeoning cultural scene, and developers are respectfully repurposing the city's rich architectural heritage.
Eating out in New York City – by Instagram Read more
Buffalo's late-19th- and early-20th-century buildings are a masterclass in architectural history. The architecture of celebrated Frank Lloyd Wright lives on in several of the city's buildings, including the restored Martin House Complex. And at the Pierce-Arrow Museum, an unrealised design by Wright for a whimsical petrol station was built last summer.
The Hotel@The Lafayette
In downtown Buffalo, the Hotel@The Lafayette kickstarted the boutique trend in 2012 by revamping a 1904 hotel designed by America's first female architect, Louise Blanchard Bethune. Nearby, the 67-room Curtiss Hotel will open this summer in a historic terracotta office block.
Restaurateurs are also taking advantage of the historic buildings. Oshun is a seafood and oyster bar in the art deco former Waldorf Astoria. And in the Horsefeathers Building, a former furniture warehouse, Martin Cooks has built a loyal following for its brunch and tasting menus. Buffalo Proper, which has been a big hit since it opened in a beautiful old building last August, serves tweaked comfort food and cocktails.
Buffalo Proper for cocktails and comfort food.
Sharing a former engine factory, Resurgence Brewing and the Body of Trade & Commerce Gallery have enlivened an industrial stretch of Niagara Street. Gallery director Anna Kaplan says: “Gorgeous living and studio spaces, paired with affordable living costs, have led to a truly vibrant, creative community.”
On 18 July, the City of Night art festival will see industrial grain silos hosting exhibitions, performances and an art fair. But the arts scene buzzes all year round: Helium Comedy Club and Buffalo Ironworks in the Cobblestone district attract rising comedians and bands, and the Babeville music and arts complex, created by local musician Ani DiFranco, is a former Methodist church now home to a record label, an intimate basement club and a music venue that has hosted such luminaries as St Vincent and Modest Mouse. In Buffalo, the future's never far from the past.
San Antonio Generating Gas from Sewage
September 11th, 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
San Antonio, Texas is making use of its 140,000 tons of sewage generated each year to capture methane gas. The city's utility board of trustees approved a contract this week to sell 900,000 cubic feet of natural gas derived from the sewage each day to Ameresco, a Massachusetts energy services company.
Though methane is a potent greenhouse gas, it has a variety of uses. The substance can be used for fuel in gas turbines or steam boilers, and it is also used as vehicle fuel in the form of compressed natural gas. Additionally, NASA is researching methane as a potential rocket fuel.
According to Steve Claus, the chief operating officer of the water system, San Antonio's sewage generates 1.5 million cubic feet of gas each day—enough to fill seven commercial blimps or 1,250 tanker trucks. The facilities needed for the project will be ready in about two years.
San Antonio will get $250,000 a year for the methane—a sum that I hope will go towards more renewable energy efforts in the area.
Posts Related to Alternative Energy Sources:
A: Drugs, or controlled substances of any kind including alcohol and cigarrettes, are NOT recommended in pregnancy at any gestational age. Drug that are consumed at ANY month in pregnancy can cause severe and irreversible organ damage in the developing fetus, the most critical organ being the brain. Your friend is not only risking the health of her child for the rest of that child's life, but she is potentially putting her opportunity to raise that child herself in jeopardy. If any woman tests positive on a drug screen at any time during the pregnancy, then Child Protective Services (CPS) can, and usually does, become involved. CPS may just require home visits after the birth to ensure that the child is being cared for and not placed in any undue danger from drug use and/or negligence in the home; however, in some cases, usually if the child begins to show signs of drug withdrawal after birth, CPS may require that the child go home with another more responsible family member or foster parent, and your friend will have to go through all the necessary legal channels to get her child back. You should encourage your friend to get help with a drug treatment program immediately.
The German government believes Britain should be part of a Europe-wide tax on financial transactions, the proceeds of which could help prop up the single currency.
However, David Cameron and George Osborne have blocked the tax, with the Chancellor claiming it is a “bullet aimed at the heart of London”.
Ministers have instead called on the Germans to allow the European Central Bank (ECB) effectively to print money to rescue beleaguered economies.
The Prime Minister will travel to Berlin on Friday for what are expected to be tense negotiations with Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, over the crisis.
A senior figure in the party headed by Mrs Merkel attacked Britain as relations between the two countries deteriorated in the wake of the single currency crisis.
“I can understand that the British don't want that [the financial transaction tax] when they generate almost 30 per cent of their gross domestic product from financial-market business in the City
of London,” said Volker Kauder, the parliamentary leader of the Christian Democratic Union, said in a speech to the party congress in Leipzig.
“But Britain also carries responsibility for making Europe a success. Only being after their own benefit and refusing to contribute is not the message we're letting the British get away with.”
EU governments are increasingly backing Germany's views, Mr Kauder said.
"Now all of a sudden, Europe is speaking German," he said. "Not as a language, but in its acceptance of the instruments for which Angela Merkel has fought so hard, and with success in the end."
In his annual foreign policy speech on Monday, Mr Cameron said the EU was out of touch and most reform or it would remain “in peril”. He called for less European integration.
However, Nick Clegg said that the European infighting should stop.
“If the whole political establishment is about to disappear into a windowless room in Brussels discussing things that no one understands, it means absolutely nothing to millions of ordinary people who are worried about their jobs, worried about economic security, worried about prospects for their children,” he said.
“The only people who will benefit are populists, chauvinists and demagogues who will exploit that lack of political leadership… At the moment, our priority is the economy, the economy, the economy.”
The row between Britain and Germany came as Barack Obama's main economic adviser said the main threat to the American economic recovery was the euro crisis amid fears that the new Italian government will fail.
Alan Krueger, chairman of the White House Council, said the “Europeans” must urgently address the problem, in another indication that the Americans are unlikely to provide money for an international bailout. “The sovereign debt issues in Europe, the banking issues in Europe, are at the top of everybody's list of identifiable threats,” he said.
Lawrence Summers, the former US Treasury secretary, said the rescue package approved by European leaders last month “was manifestly inadequate at the time it was reached”.
The comments were made amid growing concerns over the new Italian government. Mario Monti, the Italian prime minister, today announces the rest of his government. Mr Monti said he was “calm and convinced” Italy can overcome the crisis. However, there are signs that the new administration will not be accepted by all the political parties.
The uncertainty caused stock markets around the world to fall and the cost of Italian borrowing to rise back above seven per cent – the level which has triggered bail-outs. The cost of Spanish bonds also rose to a record high.
Representative Ron Paul spoke to a crowd of thousands of enthusiastic supporters in the UCCU Center Thursday, Oct. 18. A presentation on a jumbo screen that outlined principles supported by Paul and examples of his previous speeches lead up to the congressman's introduction.
Erin Haskell, UVUSA Vice President of Academics, introduced Paul, pausing periodically to ask the crowd to withhold from cheering until he actually came out.
The crowd supported him with standing ovations and chants as Paul explained how he believed individuals can solve national problems. Many attendees showed their endorsement with clothing, buttons and flags. An abundance of T-shirts, hats and banners emblazoned with “Ron Paul Revolution” were seen in all sections of the center.
UVUSA introduced Paul, but he was not invited specifically by the university. Mike Rigert from University Marketing and Communications explained that the Young Presidents' Organization contacted Dr. Bob Rasmussen, Assistant Vice President for Student Life and Dean of Students, and asked if the university would be interested in hosting Paul to speak on campus.
YPO is a global organization focused on the continuing education and networking for chief executives. Matt Browning of YPO was one of the day-chairs for the event. He explained that the Utah chapter of YPO brought Paul and contacted the university for a venue.
“UVU was very quick to embrace the opportunity,” said Browning. “It's been great to speak with administration on campus.”
Paul spoke on a myriad of issues facing the nation, offering his beliefs and suggestions to resolve the problems. Paul said that the American people cannot afford to give responsibility of their lives to the government, and that many problems could be solved if individuals took responsibility for their actions.
“In a free society, the responsibility is on each and every person,” Paul said. “You can't give the responsibility to the government, or they'll screw it up . . . If you're a true American, you support responsibility.”
Quoting Benjamin Franklin, Paul said, “Freedom doesn't work if you don't have a moral society.”
Paul spent a large portion of his speech outlining what he identified as failures of the welfare system and tax system. He said he believes people should help each other, but the government should not be the moderator of welfare.
“Get rid of the Federal Reserve and get rid if the income tax,” Paul said.
While his supporters are comparatively small in number, Paul explained that he is optimistic about the future and the attitude of the nation. He praised students and young people for their use of technology to communicate and move ideas forward. He identified self-awareness and educating others as what will be the driving force for change in the future.
“The individuals, as they improve themselves, can improve others,” Paul said.
The event was free and open to the community at large, with students receiving priority seating starting at noon.
Back in March, Alabama's governor, Robert Bentley, signed into law legislation that will legalize brewers' direct sale of beer to customers for home consumption.
Alabama.com reported at the time:
The new law will: Allow breweries that make less than 60,000 barrels per year to directly sell up to 288 ounces of its beer per customer per day for off-premise consumption.
Allow breweries to deliver up to two donated kegs of its beer to a licensed charity event.
No longer require brewpubs to open only in historic buildings, historic districts or economically distressed areas.
That “288 ounces . . . per customer per day” limitation has resulted in a proposal from Alabama's alcohol regulators that has raised more than a few eyebrows. They want breweries to require customers provide personal information so that the breweries can provide that, along with individual sales information, to Alabama's Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) Board.
The AP reports:
Alabama's alcohol regulators want to know who is buying beer from one of the state's craft breweries and taking it home to drink. The Alabama Alcoholic Beverage Control Board is considering a new rule that would require brewers to collect the name, address, age and phone number from anyone who purchases beer at a brewery for off-premise consumption. The Alabama Brewers Guild, composed of the state's roughly two dozen breweries and brewpubs, said collecting the information would be an administrative nightmare and could pose concerns not just over privacy but also about potential data breaches and governmental use of the information.
The reporting of personal and sales information to the government has been accepted by the majority of Americans when it comes to gun sales . . . but beer?
That's not all. The ABC Board's rule apparently includes—or could be interpreted to include—the authority to enter someone's home and check their fridge.
FOX10 News | WALA
The AP continues:
Industry groups are crying foul over the proposed regulation, which they say is an invasion of privacy. They also say it would be a logistical nightmare to collect the information. “As nonsensical as it might seem, this rule would essentially empower the ABC Board to come to an individual's house to confirm his or her purchase of a six pack of beer,” said a statement by Nick Hudson of Free The Hops, a group that has campaigned to increase craft brewing to the conservative, Bible Belt state.
The language of the proposed rule regarding the latter point is simply: “Off – premise sales reporting shall include the purchaser's name, address, telephone number, date of birth, and shall be subject to verification by the ABC Board” [emphasis added].
Free the Hops, an “all-volunteer, grassroots organization whose mission is to help bring the highest quality beers in the world to Alabama,” issued a statement pertaining to the verification aspect of the proposed rule:
The implications of this should be highly concerning, not only to craft beer consumers, but to all people throughout the state. As nonsensical as it might seem, this rule would essentially empower the ABC Board to come to an individual's house to confirm his or her purchase of a six pack of beer. One can't help but ask, why? The members of Free the Hops fully oppose this proposed rule. It represents an unprecedented, unnecessary, and overreaching invasion of privacy. It is something that unfairly targets beer consumers, but also, frankly, has frightening implications for everyone.
The Board likely means that they want the ability to scrutinize microbrewers' records, but the ambiguity is worth correcting if it was indeed unintentional.
Bible Belt state or not, Alabamians are not likely to take kindly to the idea of government officials knocking on their door and demanding access to their refrigerator. They will have the opportunity to express their thoughts about all aspects of this proposal, including the reporting of personal information and beer purchases to state government, between now and at the next ABC Board's meeting on September 28th.
Alabama.com reports:
People searching for something can find it faster if they know what to look for. But new research suggests knowing what not to look for can be just as helpful.
Although previous studies concluded that attempting to ignore irrelevant information slows people down, Johns Hopkins University researchers found that when people are given time to learn what's possible to ignore, they're able to search faster and more efficiently.
The results, which offer new insight into how the mind processes difficult information, are published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
“Individuals who explicitly ignore distracting information improve their visual search performance, a critical skill for professional searchers, like radiologists and airport baggage screeners,” said lead author Corbin A. Cunningham, a graduate student in the Krieger School of Arts and Sciences' Attention and Perception Lab. “This work has the potential to help occupations that rely on visual search by informing future training programs.”
In two experiments, researchers asked participants to search for certain letters on a computer screen. They had to find either a capital “B” or an “F,” among other letters of assorted colors. Sometimes, the participants were told the “B” or “F” would not be a certain color, like red. Other times they were given no color hints.
When participants were given one color to consistently ignore throughout the experiment, their reaction time slowed at first, but after extended practice, about a hundred trials, they were finding the target letters significantly faster than participants who weren't given a color to eliminate.
In fact, the more information participants were able to ignore, the faster they found the target.
Although trying to disregard distractions might initially slow people down, the researchers concluded that over time, people are more efficient when they know what's not worth paying attention to.
The ability to ignore is a key part of the ability to pay attention, the researchers said.
“Attention is usually thought of as something that enhances the processing of important objects in the world,” said co-author Howard Egeth, a professor of Psychological and Brain Sciences at Johns Hopkins. “This study, along with some recent work in which we measured brain activity while subjects responded selectively to stimuli presented in the midst of competing stimuli, highlights the importance of active suppression of those competing stimuli. It's what I think of as the dark side of attention.”
You can learn more about the research in this video from Johns Hopkins University:
This work was supported by Office of Naval Research Grant N000141010278, National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship DGE-1232825, and the Johns Hopkins University Science of Learning Institute.
For the past month, I've been revisiting the filmography of John Carpenter, a filmmaker of extraordinary range and skill who spent a few decades churning out one masterpiece after another. And then, as luck would have it, Carpenter (who has all but retired) started entering the news again. First, Guillermo del Toro paid tribute to him with a brilliant string of tweets. Then, Blumhouse acquired the rights to make a new Halloween movie and brought Carpenter on board as an executive producer. My personal project was suddenly relevant!
Then again, John Carpenter is always relevant as long as you want to talk about one of the most fascinating and entertaining filmmakers of the past forty years. Because I needed an excuse to write about his movies (and because this is the internet), I ranked all 18 of Carpenter's theatrically released films, which was actually tricky progress. Even his weaker movies tend to be interesting and his best movies are so good that they defy comparison.
18. The Ward
Although never quite as bad as its reputation often suggests, The Ward has one thing really working against it – it rarely feels like a John Carpenter movie. It's competent enough and it has a few solid scares and a few good ideas, but it feels more like a decent direct-to-video horror movie than the most recent film from one of the genre's undisputed masters. It's totally inoffensive…but a worse film that actually showcases Carpenter's voice is far more preferable than a middling women-in-peril ghost story built on a ludicrous twist that we've already seen time and time again.
17. Memoirs of an Invisible Man
Despite its still-impressive visual effects and a handful of interesting ideas, Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a dull misfire that never figures out what kind of movie it wants to be. While John Carpenter has elegantly strung together various genres and tones in his other movies, this one is a cinematic cacophony that never finds the proper balance between its comedic and science fiction elements. Carpenter later said this was very much a work-for-hire gig, a job that he knew would involve pleasing the studio above everyone else. It shows.
16. Village of the Damned
John Carpenter has admitted that his heart really wasn't in Village of the Damned and you can tell. Lacking the chilly atmosphere of the 1960 original, this remake is mostly guilty of being dull, hitting similar beats as its predecessor while not adding anything of value (other than a larger dose of violence, of course). The film has its fair share of solid moments and Carpenter is quite good at selling a dozen platinum-haired children as evil extraterrestrial monstrosities who must be destroyed, but the result is more dull than anything else.
15. Escape From L.A.
Escape From L.A. is mostly guilty of biting off more than it can chew. It has so much on its mind that every weird concept and wild idea can barely be contained within the film's otherwise straightforward plot. While Escape From New York is elegant in its simplicity, its sequel is a proper kitchen sink experience, with Carpenter throwing everything at the wall and seeing what sticks. While often entertaining, the results are sloppy, undone by an uneven tone and production values that looked dated while the movie was still in theaters. While it's great fun to see Snake Plissken back, this goofier, more satiric world doesn't quite gel with the character we saw earlier. Rather than feel like the nihilistic response to a dark and broken world, Snake is now just another weirdo in a dystopian future constructed out of everything Carpenter hates. Escape From L.A. is fascinating and watchable, but it is undeniably a misfire.
14. Ghosts of Mars
It may be one of the great genre premises of the past twenty years. In the distant future, a police officer is sent to a mining colony on Mars to escort a prisoner to justice. Unfortunately, the citizens of the colony stumbled across a long-buried Martian civilization, disturbed their spirits, and found themselves possessed by the ghosts of long-dead aliens who thirst for violence. It's a wonderful blend of straight-up horror and science fiction and the film occasionally comes close to working! Ghosts of Mars looks and feels cheap, but it has a campy '80s quality that actually works in its favor. When you view it as a throwback, Ghosts of Mars is a good, violent, and weird time at the movies, a film that I can't help but enjoy as a guilty pleasure. It's certainly not good by any rational criteria, but it's fun and gross and it's rarely a chore to watch. Plus, a proper score from Carpenter himself goes a long way.
13. Vampires
The problem with Vampires is that is peaks early. Once you see James Woods‘ team of badass vampire hunters doing their thing and working together like seasoned pros and really selling the idea of blue-collar (albeit Vatican-funded) killers of the undead just getting the job done, you just want the rest of the movie to be about this crew. At its best, Vampires is Carpenter doing Sam Peckinpah doing a horror movie, complete with tons of gory violence, macho posturing, and arid landscapes. However, the film quickly strips Woods of his team and sends the few survivors down a far more generic path involving an especially powerful vampire and a ritual that will allow vamps to live in sunlight. Vampires are crude and nasty and often very fun, but too much of the film's second half feels overly familiar.
Following the London Bridge and Manchester Attacks, Theresa May is currently planning a huge assault on internet freedoms and digital rights after the election. In fact, plans for greater regulation of the internet is right there in the Conservative manifesto.
But it turns out that she hasn't always thought this way.
In 2002 when she was Chairperson of the Conservative Party, she gave a speech to conference in which she said the following, while talking about the record of what was then Tony Blair's Labour government:
"This government is certainly making mistakes. Some of them grievous. And we have been determined not to let them get away with it". "They planned to let bureaucrats snoop on peoples' phone and email conversations. We helped to stop that."
That's right - she's boasting about how she and her party opposed government surveillance plans. In 2002 - just over a year after the 9/11 attacks. (She then goes on to attack the fox hunting ban, so at least she is strong and stable on that front.)
It's a shame that the Prime Minister appears to have since changed her mind. I guess now she is the chief bureaucrat she's rather attracted to the idea of massively draconian snooping laws.
So perhaps it is time to ask her the question: What's changed? Why did she change her view that electronic snooping is a "grievous" mistake? Given even more of our lives now take place online, surely the infringement on our liberties caused by snooping powers is greater than ever?
Read More: Why Banning Encryption Is Technologically Illiterate
Why Tighter Internet Controls Won't Help Fight Terror.
A lot of Democrats are saying they wish Obama had "shown more fire" and hammered McCain aggressively last night. It doesn't really matter, though, because it won't happen. That's not who the man is. The overall verdict is that he did well, but there's room for improvement.
Here are five ways Obama can do even better in the next debate, while being true to his own style:
1. Address McCain's Negatives ... in a Positive Way
There are positive themes that would accentuate McCain's negatives, like sunlight casting shadows. They include:
"A Steady Hand." Given how confused and erratic McCain's behavior was this week - the debate's off, it's not off, the campaign's suspended, it's not suspended, etc. - Obama could've highlighted it by emphasizing his own steadiness and resolve: "In order to manage a financial crisis you need a steady hand." "Resolving the situation in Georgia will require a President who is resolved, unflappable, steady and balanced in a time of crisis ..."
21st Century Mindset. Obama's use of the phrase "20th century mindset" was very effective. He should keep using that, emphasizing the positive: "The 21st century has brought us new problems, as well as new opportunities. It's also brought us new tools to solve our problems. We can't solve the problems of the future with the thinking of the past."
He can use this to contrast himself with McCain on specific issues, too, e.g. "This kind of 20th century thinking won't solve our 21st century terror problem." And Obama should stick with the theme that McCain's economic philosophy is another "20th century mindset." But he can be even more specific: "John believes in the Republican magical thinking that says if you give away the store to the very wealthiest, somehow there will be more for everybody else. It hasn't worked."
Leadership : Obama can emphasize that Republicans are now following his lead on a broad range of issues, from economics to defense. They're acknowledging the need for a bailout, and even adopting a timetable in Iraq. He can use that to show how he builds bipartisan consensus, while at the same time subtly underscoring their weaknesses.
When McCain responds by repeating Obama's talking points - "I can make change," "I'll clean up Washington," etc. - Obama can say "I'm glad you've come around to my point of view, John. But it's going to take a new team in the White House to solve these problems." Which leads us to ...
2. McCain = Bush. McCain = Bush. McCain = Bush. McCain = Bush.
Here's another debate theme: "We can't solve our problems with the people and ideas that caused those problems. Doesn't make sense." But, McCain will respond, I'm a maverick. I opposed that wing of the party. The reply? "Sure you did, John - eight, ten, and twenty years ago. I miss that guy! But the longer Bush has been in office the more you voted with him - now 95% of the time - and you're using the same team of lobbyists and cynical political operatives that have put us in the mess we're in today. That's not being a 'maverick' - that's following the crowd."
Obama should use every opportunity to bring up this issue - and to drive home the fact that McCain's leadership team has more lobbyists in it than any campaign in history (even Bush's). "You can't stand up to the oil companies if you're relying on lobbyists to make your decisions and carry out the tasks of government. We tried it under George Bush - it didn't work."
When Georgia comes up, he can say something like this: "When you have someone like John McCain, whose campaign advisor is a paid lobbyist for Georgian politicians, you won't be seen as neutral or effective - because you're not. That kind of influence peddling won't be allowed in my Administration."
And whatever else he does, Obama should be sure to use the phrase "Bush and McCain" as often as possible.
3. Use concrete examples to make policy issues personal.
Obama's opening comments on the economy were strong: "How's it going to affect me? How's it going to affect my job ... my house ... my retirement ..." He should stick with that. It's effective. But he can now become even more specific:
When your credit card rate jumps up to 28% and you can't understand why, that's because of the policies put in place by Bush and McCain.
When you can't pay your mortgage and there's nowhere to turn, that's because of the policies put in place by Bush and McCain.
When you can't afford to fill your gas tank or heat your house, that's because of the policies put in place by Bush and McCain.
When your health plan covers even less of your costs and won't provide treatment that you or your kids need, that's because of the policies put in place by Bush and McCain.
Once again, emphasizing "Bush and McCain" is important.
4. Point out the deceptions, distractions, and other political gamesmanship.
McCain used a lot of the classic political tricks last night, and pretty effectively. The best way to respond is call him out on it - every time. How? When McCain says things like "my opponent asked for $932 million in pork-barrel spending," Obama can say: "First of all, that's a distortion. And you know what? That's what the Republicans have been doing for years now in Washington - distorting people's records. That's just smoke and mirrors. It's the politics of the past."
When he repeats the charge, or makes another like it, say: "Look what he's trying to do: here we're talking about an entire economy in crisis and he keeps making distorted political attacks. That's what these guys do when they know they're wrong on the issues. They distract folks with these kinds of misleading and pointless statements. Maybe it's worked in the past, but not anymore."
And if McCain keeps repeating himself, as he did with the $932 million, address him directly and say "John, the people deserve a real discussion of the issues. Don't just repeat these talking points from your advisors. Let's talk about the issues."
Which gets us to ...
5. Talk directly to McCain.
Jim Lehrer was right: The candidates should talk directly to each other. McCain can't do it - he can barely look Obama in the eye. It could be highly effective if Obama looked directly at McCain and said something like this:
"John, I've admired you and your service to this country. I still do. You deserve to be honored for your sacrifice and dedication. But sadly, you've chosen to join in with a failed group of leaders and a failed political philosophy. I will always appreciate what you've done, but the American people can't afford four more years of the same philosophy and the same crowd of political insiders."
There are a lot of reasons why the Democratic candidate is never going to go for the jugular. But these five approaches, or something like them, could help make the next debate a decisive one - while still letting Obama be Obama.
Stupid Client Quote #5789
Rate this Quote: 5 - Excellent 4 - Good 3 - Fair 2 - Poor 1 - Awful
Total Stupid Comments : 8391
a round of revised proofs had been emailed to the client. The sales rep calls me at 9:00 am and, panicking, tells me, "there's something wrong with page 13!"
"Ok," I tell her, opening the file. "What is it, and I'll get right on it." (this is why we send proofs, after all, right?)
"I don't know! I can't find my ethernet cable! (she managed to pronounce this incorrectly, with a short 'e')I can't get into my e-mail without my ethernet (short 'e') cable, so I don't know what's wrong with the page! And it's going to be at least 2 hours before I can get back to the office so I can get my e-mail!"
Amazingly, 30 minutes later, she sends me an e-mail with the instructions for the page that was 'all wrong'. I guess she found her 'ethernet' cable after all.
× North Carolina pastor dies after accidentally shooting himself while cleaning gun
WEDDINGTON, N.C. – A prominent North Carolina pastor died after accidentally shooting himself in the chest while cleaning his firearm at his home, according to officials.
WCNC reported that Bishop Phillip Milton Davis, the senior pastor at Nations Ford Community Church in Charlotte, has died. He was 62.
Authorities were reportedly called to his home at about 1 p.m. Saturday. Officials said his wife found his unconscious at his desk.
Davis was planning on going to the firing range and was cleaning his pistol during the accident, according to officials. He died after being shot in the chest.
Members of Nations Ford Community Church plans on holding a prayer vigil for Davis at the church at 7 p.m. Monday. Davis had preached there for more than 40 years.
“Bishop Davis was a prolific, focused man of vision as well as an effective leader who served God selflessly and touched countless lives,” the church said in a statement. “His teachings were profound and transformative.”
It sounds like Valve has no interest in making console games.
"We get really frustrated working in walled gardens," Valve founder Gabe Newell said at a media roundtable at Valve's offices attended by Eurogamer.
Valve released a plethora of console games in the last generation, including The Orange Box, Portal 2, both Left 4 Dead games and Counter-Strike: GO. The current generation of consoles is selling even better, relative to how far along in its lifespan it is. So why is Valve yet to get stuck in?
Valve released a number of games on the last generation of consoles, including the wonderful The Orange Box.
"So you try to talk to someone who's doing product planning on a console about free-to-play games and they say 'Oh, we're not sure free-to-play is a good idea' and you're like 'the ship has left'," Newell said of the cultural difference working with console developers after specialising in PC.
A couple of Valve's big games are free-to-play, including massive MOBA Dota 2 and competitive shooter Team Fortress 2. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, however, remains £11.99. Left 4 Dead 2 is £14.99.
"There have been cases where we've updated products 5-6 times in a day," he added. "When we did the original iOS of Steam App, right, we shipped it, we got a whole bunch of feedback and like the next day we're ready to do an update. We weren't able to get that update out for six months! And we couldn't find out why they wouldn't release it! They wouldn't tell us. This is the life that you have in these environments. And finally they shipped it! And they wouldn't tell us why they finally shipped it.
"So for us, while we're spending all of our time trying to be as tunnel-vision in this loop with our customers, to all of a sudden have this complete uncertainty about doing updates... Like we don't know how to operate.
"We're just too stupid to know how to be a successful iOS developer," he railed. "'Cause for us, everything that we do, is to make our lives easier and build tools to make other software developer's lives easier.
"We don't know how to do what we do,' he says, with a heaping spoonful of salt.
"I'm sure that other people are wildly successful in those environments, but sort of our DNA tend to not work well when someone is trying to insert a lot of process between us and our customers."
When Eurogamer asked if self-publishing had got any better in the current console environment, Newell replied: "We love the PC right now. A lot."
So there you have it. Don't expect Valve to release new games - or even its current ones - on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One any time soon.
Texas Governor Wages Own Battle Along Border
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Burnett/NPR John Burnett/NPR
Note: This is the first of a two-part series
The federal government claims the southwest border is more secure than it's ever been. There are more agents and barriers, more choppers, drones, sensors and hi-tech cameras than ever before.
Yet, state officials in Texas maintain the illegal flow of people and drugs is worse than ever — proof, they say, the border is out of control. To back up his rhetoric, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has declared his own war on the traffickers.
The Border Threat: Real Or Rhetorical?
President Obama came to El Paso, Texas, in May to praise his homeland security directors for the good job they're doing on the southwest border.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Kostroun/AP Bill Kostroun/AP
"Under their leadership, we have strengthened border security beyond what many believed was possible. They wanted more agents at the border. Well, we now have more boots on the ground on the southwest border than at any time in our history," he said.
But not everyone thinks that's true, including Gov. Perry.
"This president either does not know or does not care what is going on on the border of Texas," he said on Fox News for a special report about the Texas border. The on-screen graphic read "Under Attack."
"I don't want the people of the state of Texas to have to be the catalyst that finally gets the administration to understand that there is great terror on our southern border," Perry said.
So, is South Texas being terrorized by Mexican drug gangs, or is Perry trying to score political points against a president he may face in a run for the White House?
The governor's scheduler said he was unavailable to comment for this report.
Public Safety Officers Part Of Border 'Air Force'
What's certain is that Perry has deployed the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) on the border in unprecedented numbers — including an air force of more than 20 helicopters and airplanes. They act as an uninvited, but appreciated, adjunct to the U.S. Border Patrol.
One of the captains of the department's aircraft section is Stacy Holland. Based out of McAllen, Texas, Holland is a lean former highway patrolman in an olive-drab flight suit with a .357 pistol strapped to his tactical vest.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Burnett/NPR John Burnett/NPR
Before taking to the sky, Holland plays some video of recent pursuits in his office. Thermal night images show frustrated drug traffickers high-tailing it back across the river into Mexico.
"I have miles and miles and miles of these type of videotape," he says. "So to suggest that the Southwestern border is secure is absolutely ridiculous."
A half-hour later, we're strapped into a Eurocopter A-star helicopter, hovering 600 feet over the Rio Grande. The river makes up 1,254 miles of the nearly 2,000-mile border. But it's not arrow-straight like the land border — it curls and loops like a serpent, offering countless crossings for contrabandistas.
Holland rides co-pilot as the helicopters moves over Los Ebanos, Texas. On the ground, a group of people on the Mexican side, about to swim the Rio Grande, spots the chopper. They clamber back into a pickup truck and it speeds away.
Border Holes Remain Large
Holland says things are getting wilder in the area. Twice already in June, drug traffickers have fired across the river at U.S. law enforcement agents, who shot back. And in the past year and a half, drug-laden trucks trying to evade U.S. agents and recover their loads have splashed-down into the river 55 times.
"We're talking no border fence, a very open border. Does it look secure to you?" Holland asks as the helicopter follows the people on the ground. "There's nothing to deter a smuggler from getting a load across, getting on the highway and going into the U.S."
Video Of DPS 'Splashdown' Pursuits Texas Governor Rick Perry has deployed the Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) to the border, including an air force of more than 20 helicopters and airplanes. They patrol hundreds of miles of the Rio Grande River where some immigrants drive, or "splashdown," while fleeing.
Note: Videos have been edited for length Texas DPS officers track a man from the air as he makes a 'splashdown' in the Rio Grande River. Aerial DPS officers follow a group at night as they drive into the Rio Grand River and move a drug shipment into Mexico.
More than 8,000 Border Patrol agents work on the Texas-Mexico border. Yet that's still not enough to "seal the border," which is what critics seem to want. Earlier this year, the Government Accountability Office issued a report that the Border Patrol has achieved operational control of 44 percent of the southern border. Of that, only 15 percent is under full control.
Rosendo Hinojosa is Chief Border Patrol Agent for the Rio Grande Valley, which has the busiest smuggling corridors in Texas.
"I don't know if you can seal anything. You flew over the river, you saw how many times that river turns and winds and everything else. So, what's it gonna take to seal that border?" Hinojosa asks. "We're here to provide the best protection that we can to mitigate the threats that are coming to our border. And I think we are doing a very good job of that."
Officials Don't Agree On Threat Level
Texas state officials do not agree, and they're pushing back. Even the normally sleepy state agriculture department has created a website called "Protect Your Texas Border." Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples is part of the campaign.
"Let me be clear, the sovereignty of America is being undermined at this very moment by violent drug cartel members that are invading Texas farms and ranches," Staples says.
Some lawmen down on the border agree with his description. McAllen Police Chief Victor Rodriguez testified before a congressional hearing on border violence in Washington, D.C., this spring.
"We have incursions everyday. We have people that are afraid to go out on their property," Rodriguez says. "That's not American."
Other city officials on the border bridle at the notion they're being invaded, or — as the governor says — they live in terror. El Paso Mayor John Cook stands on the U.S. side of a bridge that connects his city to Mexico's most dangerous city. He says he wants Governor Perry to get his facts straight.
"The governor has twice said that there's been car bombs going off in El Paso, not clarifying that it actually happened in Juarez, Mexico, state of Chihuahua," Cook says. "That's their country, that's their side of the border. This is my country, this is my side of the border."
Cook says he doesn't know the governor's motivation but thinks it might just be an attempt to attack the Obama administration "to make it look like they're not doing their part to secure the border," he says.
The rhetoric has, to an extent, followed party loyalty — with more Republicans saying the border is not safe, and more Democrats saying it is.
Street cops, on the other hand, are generally apolitical. Joe Baeza, longtime investigator with the Laredo Police Department, says the overheated language from border hawks, amplified on the Internet, has gotten tiresome.
"The Laredo Police Department has known what homeland security was before the term was coined post 9/11," Baeza says.
"Is it safe to be on the U.S. side of the Texas/Mexican border? Absolutely. We get calls from people from big cities from like Houston and Dallas. All have the same questions: 'Is it safe? Is it as bad as we hear? Are there kidnappings in the middle of the streets and people just being blown away?' And it's not, it's nothing like that at all."
This story was produced for broadcast by Marisa Peñaloza.
Brightline is planning to hire 200 people as it launches high speed rail service in Florida.
Dave Howard, CEO of Brightline, said the 200 positions will be for a variety of roles through the company's operations and stations in West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and Miami.
VIDEO: SNEAK PEEK: CBS12 takes you inside to see the work coming along at Brightline's West Palm Beach station.
This week crews installed ticket scanners on the second floor of Brightline's West Palm Beach station, where work continues around the clock ahead of the stations' opening this Summer.
The $2.5 billion project will launch high speed rail service in July between West Palm Beach and Fort Lauderdale. Service with Miami will be added in August. The overall plan is to link Orlando to Miami, with stops in West Palm Beach and Fort Lauderdale.
With trains reaching speeds between 79 and 125 miles per hour, it is expected passengers can get from Orlando International Airport to Miami in three hours.
“We thought of everything,” said Dave Howard, CEO of Brightline. “We want them to have the fast, convenient, productive, enjoyable travel experience.”
Howard says train cars will be unlike any other train experience, with leather seats, WiFi, and other attractive amenities.
Not only will Brightline be the introduction of high speed rail to Florida, but Howard says they hope to one day offset car travel.
“The state is being chocked by traffic because population is so dense, and it's only growing and this is part of the solution,” Howard said.
Howard took over the top job at Brightline in March after holding executive positions in the past with New York Mets, and Madison Square Gardens Sports. He takes over a project that he admits has faced some criticism, especially those living on the Treasure Coast who say high speed rail will have a negative impact on the environment.
“Small minority that have been opposed I think a lot of that is not fully understanding the scope and information of what we're doing and commitment to safety and extraordinary investment into that infrastructure,” Howard said.
In the coming months, Brightline is expected to release specific details about fare prices and schedules.
Those interested in available Brightline jobs can apply online at www.GoBrightline.com/careers.
Polls have found widespread anti-Islamic sentiments among Republicans, but the pressing question is how Donald Trump's call to stop any Muslim from entering the United States will be received by primary voters. More specifically: How will heavily evangelical Iowa react?
We can at least say this much: Iowa's religiosity — 57 percent of Republican caucus-goers identified as born-again or evangelical Christians in 2012 — won't make its voters extra receptive to Trump's proposal. According to our research, negative views of Muslims among Republicans are not based on conservative Christian attitudes toward another religion; they're based in Republican partisan identity. And it may take a political ally, such as Russell Moore of the Southern Baptist Convention, to persuade evangelicals to denounce Trump.
Over the past year, we've conducted four separate national surveys to understand the relationship between religion and the willingness to extend essential rights and liberties to minority groups. In each survey, we presented people with several groups (i.e., Muslims, Christian fundamentalists, the tea party, homosexuals and atheists) and asked them to choose which group they liked the least before asking whether that group should be able to give a speech, teach and march in their community. Whether people picked Muslims as their least-liked group gives us an opportunity to understand the intersection of religion, partisanship and tolerance.
DATE WHITE EVANGELICALS REPUBLICANS PERCENTAGE POINT DIFFERENCE Feb. 10 24% 33% +10 July 11 29 36 6 Nov. 16 33 40 7 Nov. 24 31 42 11 Average 29 38 9 Who picked Muslims as the group they like least?
For Republicans, Muslims are consistently their least-liked group at 38 percent. Surprisingly, this percentage does not vary by strength of party identification. Both independents who lean Republican and strong Republicans choose Muslims at the same rate. That rate increased by 4 to 7 percentage points after the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris by Islamic State.
White evangelicals — about 70 percent of whom identify as Republican — pick Muslims as their least-liked group at significantly lower rates, about 29 percent, and the increase after the Paris attacks was minimal.
We used several methods to determine whether partisanship or religion is driving these patterns. First, the percentages of Republican evangelicals choosing Muslims mirror those for the party more broadly. This suggests that partisanship outpaces religiosity in driving anti-Islamic views. Second, we used a statistical analysis to predict the likelihood of choosing Muslims as the least-liked group. Partisanship emerges as the strongest factor. In fact, neither being an evangelical nor attending religious services more often has a significant effect on selecting Muslims as the least-liked group.
Third, we conducted a survey experiment in November where participants were randomly assigned to read a statement from a person identified as either a “conservative pastor,” a “liberal pastor” or simply a “pastor.” Each pastor presented arguments promoting tolerance of minorities and opposing the new Religious Freedom Restoration Act in Indiana, with the only variation being the description of the pastor's ideology. The test helped us assess whether religious people would follow the political cue against their typical tendency.
Among all evangelicals, those who received the argument from a liberal were more likely to then choose Muslims as their least-liked group (a backlash effect), but those who received the tolerance argument from a conservative were less likely to choose Muslims. When evangelicals were exposed to a non-ideological pastor pushing for tolerance, there was no difference. The evidence from all three approaches is consistent in suggesting that discourse and political engagement are tainted by partisanship. People are not changing their opinions in response to values, but partisan and ideological identification, which subjects them to the whims of political elites. Partisans appear unwilling to entertain views from the other side. In fact, such cross-partisan messages just serve to polarize our politics further.
It will take co-partisans rejecting the anti-Muslim statements of Donald Trump to have any effect. Perhaps Dick Cheney can save the Republican Party from Donald Trump.
Hungary also rejecting America's Monsanto imperialism to produce GMO-free food for Europe
Monsanto has infiltrated every institution in America: academic, media, government...
(NaturalNews) At the same time that Monsanto's corruption is infiltrating every corner of U.S. academia, government regulators and corporate-controlled media, Russia has just announced a total ban on the cultivation of GMO crops."A senior Russian government member told reporters the cabinet decided that any food production in the country will completely exclude any genetically-modified organisms or parts thereof," reports RT.com RT reports:This puts Russia in a powerful position offor both domestic consumption and export. Most consumers around the world, when given a choice, prefer to eat non-GMO foods. In the United States, the criminally-run food industry front group -- the Grocery Manufacturers of America -- is desperately trying to block all GMO food labeling in order to keep consumers in the dark about what they're eating. Nearly the entire mainstream media, likewise, has also been bought off by the biotech industry and refuses to cover the truth about GMOs. (Which is why sites like GMO.news are becoming so popular among independent thinkers.Hungary is also working hard to produce GMO-free food products for its own people. As reported on GMO.news Monsanto, widely known as the world's most evil corporation, has turned the United States into a massive GMO experiment by recruiting a literal mafia of academics by offering them monetary bribes disguised as "grants." The University of Florida's disgraced agricultural scientist Dr. Kevin Folta was recently exposed for financial collusion with Monsanto -- a fact that even the New York Times could not ignore See the full document dump of Kevin Folta's once-secret emails with Monsanto at this link Monsanto's genetically modified seeds not only pose a risk of runaway genetic pollution and the collapse of food crops; the heavy use of cancer-causing glyphosate goes hand in hand with GM crops. Glyphosate is the deadly chemical that the Seralini study showed causing the growth of massive tumors in lab rats:Here are some of the shocking findings from the Seralini study which was, of course, viciously attacked by the Monsanto Mafia and its cabal of paid-off, corrupt scientists:• Up to 50% of males and 70% of females suffered premature death.• Rats that drank trace amounts of Roundup (at levels legally allowed in the water supply) had a 200% to 300% increase in large tumors.• Rats fed GM corn and traces of Roundup suffered severe organ damage including liver damage and kidney damage.• The study fed these rats NK603, the Monsanto variety of GM corn that's grown across North America and widely fed to animals and humans. This is the same corn that's in your corn-based breakfast cereal, corn tortillas and corn snack chips.Learn more about the scientific evidence showing the dangers of GMOs and glyphosate at GMOevidence.com . Or visit GMwatch.org or GMO.news to stay informed.California has recently announced its intention to add glyphosate to its list of "known carcinogens," and the World Health Organization recently declared glyphosate a "probable carcinogen."While the United States government openly colludes with Monsanto and the biotech industry to poison the American people with toxic GMOs and glyphosate, Russia apparently realizes thatGo figure.
At first glance, it seemed like a typically iconoclastic move by a man who has made a career out of upsetting apple carts (and TV executives). When Jeremy Clarkson announced last month that he and his fellow ex-Top Gear presenters, Richard Hammond and James May, had agreed to front a new motoring show for internet company Amazon , many fans were taken by surprise. The trio, after all, were television's hottest free agents at the time, having left the BBC abruptly following a widely reported punch-up in a hotel , and commentators were confidently predicting the team would be signed up by ITV, Sky or another of the BBC's traditional rivals.
But, in fact, we shouldn't have been surprised at all; Amazon has been plotting to take over the world of television for years and the Top Gear coup is just the start of an accelerated investment in programme making and feature film production by a company that not that many years ago was most famous for selling books online.
But why is Amazon muscling its way into film and television ? And what will it mean for viewers? The answer to the first question is simple: it is doing it because it can. Over the last five years a technological revolution has seen more and more people watching their favourite films and television shows over the internet. Instead of waiting for a time in the week when a broadcaster deigned to show the next episode in a particular series, viewers now have the opportunity to watch programmes or movies at a time and a place of their choosing, whether that be in their living room between nine and 10 o'clock on a Tuesday evening or under a tree in their local park on a Sunday afternoon.
The on-demand streaming service Netflix has attracted more than four million subscribers in the UK with a slate of dramas, sitcoms, documentaries, children's programmes and films.
But, if anything, Amazon is in an even stronger position than Netflix. The sixth most popular website in the world, Amazon has tens of millions of internet-connected customers, most of whom have, over the years, happily embraced an ever-expanding suite of Amazon products. The US company was also in the film-rental business way before Netflix, having built up a back catalogue of tens of thousands of films and TV shows, which it sent to customers via post.
Realising that the era of the DVD was almost at an end, and the attraction of watching content immediately, at the click of a button, was growing, Amazon set about buying the rights to stream content, and, in 2008, launched Amazon Video on Demand. The offering was limited. But, then, in 2011, the service was rebranded as Amazon Instant Video and added access to 5,000 movies and TV shows. Anyone who belonged to Amazon Prime, the company's £79-a-year subscription service, could now watch thousands of TV programmes and films for free. But the first real coup for the streaming service came in 2014, when it successfully revived the Victorian crime drama Ripper Street, which had been cancelled by the BBC in December 2013.
“Forty thousand people signed a petition to keep it alive,” notes Chris Bird, Amazon's UK director of content strategy, who also secured zeitgeisty US shows such as Outlander for British audiences. “When there's that level of interest, you need to take note of it.”
Since then, Amazon Instant Video has gone from strength to strength. As well as securing the rights to stream more and more content, it has, like Netflix, started hiring top talent and making its own high-quality programmes, the most successful of which has been the comedy-drama Transparent, which won two Golden Globes earlier this year.
Woody Allen recently announced he would be working with Amazon on his first TV show, and the company, under its production arm, Amazon Studios, is also producing a new comedy by Steven Soderbergh, a film by Spike Lee and an adaptation of the Philip K Dick novel The Man in the High Castle, exec-produced by Ridley Scott. (Netflix has also gone into the film business; it is preparing to release a sequel to the Ang Lee hit Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and an adaptation of the 2005 novel Beasts of No Nation, starring Idris Elba, which will be available to watch on Netflix the same day it is released in cinemas.)
On a scorching June day in San Pedro, Los Angeles, I watch the penultimate day of filming on the set of one of Amazon's latest projects, Hand of God. The company's second home-grown drama, Hand of God is set in the fictional city of San Vicente and centres around the influential, corrupt, and unstable judge Pernell Harris (Ron Perlman).
Less obviously starry than, say, a House of Cards or a True Detective, it nevertheless tackles age-old moral dilemmas and emotions (in this case, relating to grief and belief) with the same unflinching and grown-up approach as the best of Netflix or HBO.
Yet series creator Ben Watkins chose to work with Amazon, claiming other suitors were “scared” by the darkness and religious aspects of his concept. Both he and Jill Soloway, the creator of Transparent, maintain that Amazon's quick decision-making and collaborative instincts are unique in television. While such comments carry an element of, “They would say that, wouldn't they?”, they maintain that similar series for conventional broadcasters would have taken years to make.
“I go to work every day and I'm making the exact thing I want to make,” says Soloway. “I feel like I'm making art.” (The veteran producer of Top Gear, Andy Wilman, who is working with Clarkson et al on the new, as-yet-unnamed, motoring show has said that one of the reasons the team chose Amazon was because, “they leave you alone to make your show.”) Amazon's reputation for artistic freedom was also a major draw for director Marc Forster, making his television debut on Hand of God after 20 years in cinema.
“After [Brad Pitt zombie epic] World War Z,” he says, “I realised that audiences want to know all about the hero's journey in these big movies, and at the end they want to be satisfied. With TV, it's completely the opposite: the looser it is, the better.” And Amazon, he adds, embraced the looseness.
Netflix has also won awards for its own programmes (both Orange Is the New Black and House of Cards have won Emmys). But, thanks to a subversive pilot process, Amazon, the billion-dollar internet behemoth, is said to embody the spirit of “indie” cinema. Amazon invites pitches from anyone at all, whether they be scripts, short films or full-length pilots, reportedly sifting through many thousands of entries before commissioning a few for public assessment. First episodes of potential series are made available to everyone, free to view, and audience reviews then help determine whether a series is commissioned, giving viewers a sense of ownership.
The truth is, though, that both Amazon and Netflix also have masses of data about their customers. It has been reported that Netflix commissions programmes according to information about the demographics of its viewers, the most popular genres and actors, and the average length of time people watch for (among many other metrics). That means, according to one commentator, Netflix can be expected to commission a slew of “half-hour sitcoms starring millennial viewers' childhood crushes.”
With all the data it's collected over the years from its customers and their online purchases, as well as everything it observes about their viewing habits on its streaming service, it seems likely Amazon will do something similar.
But, some say, what is wrong with that? Surely it is better to make programmes based on a deep analysis of viewers' preferences than to leave the commissioning up to a coterie of highly paid television or film studio executives in their ivory towers?
“I think we're in a golden age of television,” Amazon founder Jeff Bezos told the Telegraph in a recent interview. Whether or not he colonises this medium as he has so much else, it is already fantastic news for anyone who makes or loves television.
Series one of Hand of God is released on September 4 on Amazon Prime Instant Video
Appointment to view: the TV series and films that are putting Amazon Instant Video on the map
Transparent (2014)
The star of Transparent is Mort Pfefferman (Jeffrey Tambor, of Arrested Development fame) who plays a sixtysomething divorced, Jewish, Los Angeles father who decides it's time to tell his three self-obsessed, grown-up children that he wants to become a woman. Winner of two Golden Globes, the comedy-drama is touching, daring and sharply observed.
Outlander (2014)
A violent and salacious synthesis of time-travelling sci-fi thriller, period drama and lavish Game of Thrones-style fantasy, Outlander boasts rugged landscapes, bloody battles and steamy sex scenes. But it differs from GoT in one vital respect: it is told from a female perspective – that of a Second World War nurse who finds herself transported back to Scotland in the time of the Jacobite risings.
Ripper Street (2014)
The East London period crime drama, set in Whitechapel at the time of Jack the Ripper and starring Matthew Macfadyen, was cancelled by the BBC after two series. Then Amazon stepped in to commission a third, which proved popular with loyal fans. Series 3 has since been repeated on the BBC. A lesson in listening to your audience.
Mozart in the Jungle (2014)
Inspired by oboist Blair Tindall's memoir of the same name, this drama plunges viewers into a secret world of classical music, where sex, drinking games, and general hedonism come as standard. Set in New York, it stars Lola Kirke (brilliant in new film Mistress America) as a talented young oboist, and Malcolm McDowell as the symphony conductor being replaced by Gael García Bernal's Rodrigo.
Red Oaks (2015)
Executive-produced by Steven Soderbergh, Red Oaks will star Craig Roberts as David Myers, an assistant tennis pro at the Red Oaks Country Club in suburban New Jersey in 1985. A coming-of-age comedy.
The Man in the High Castle (2015)
Based on the Philip K Dick novel of the same name, The Man in the High Castle is a series set in an alternative past in which the Allies lost the Second World War. Amazon's most popular pilot so far.
Chiraq (2016)
The first film to be made by Amazon Studios, Chiraq has been shrouded in mystery. What is known is that it has been directed by Spike Lee, stars John Cusack and Samuel L Jackson and is scheduled to be released in America in December. The term Chiraq is used by denizens of Chicago as a way to describe the growing gun violence in their city.
Jeremy Clarkson's New Motoring Series (2016)
The as-yet unnamed show has been commissioned for an initial 36 episodes at a cost of a reported £160 million and will feature a mix of studio-based chat and international adventure familiar to Top Gear fans. Clarkson will present alongside Richard Hammond and James May but other elements of the BBC show, such as the Stig and the “star in a reasonably priced car” will not feature as they are copyrighted by the BBC.
Woody Allen's First Television Show (2016)
Regardless of whether it is brilliant or terrible, Woody Allen's first ever television series will be an event. It will run to six episodes and beyond that, no concrete details have emerged. Although Allen did confess at the Cannes Film Festival that he was “struggling with it”. Intriguing.
In 2001, a pair of Italian programmers wrote a program called Ettercap, a "comprehensive suite for man-in-the-middle attacks" — in other words, a set of tools for eavesdropping, sniffing passwords, and remotely manipulating someone's computer. Ettercap was free, open source, and quickly became the weapon of choice for analysts testing the security of their networks as well as hackers who wanted to spy on people. One user called it "sort of the Swiss army knife" of this type of hacking.
Ettercap was so powerful that its authors, ALoR and NaGA, eventually got a call from the Milan police department. But the cops didn't want to bust the programmers for enabling hacker attacks. They wanted to use Ettercap to spy on citizens. Specifically, they wanted ALoR and NaGA to write a Windows driver that would enable them to listen in to a target's Skype calls.
That's how a small tech security consultancy ended up transforming into one of the first sellers of commercial hacking software to the police. ALoR's real name is Alberto Ornaghi and NaGA is Marco Valleri. Their Milan-based company, Hacking Team, now has 40 employees and sells commercial hacking software to law enforcement in "several dozen countries" on "six continents."
Hacking Team's flagship product enables police to collect heaps more data than the National Security Agency
Today, Hacking Team's flagship product, Da Vinci, enables law enforcement at federal, state, or local levels to collect heaps more data than the National Security Agency's controversial PRISM program is reportedly capable of gathering. With Da Vinci, the police can monitor a suspect's cell phone conversations, emails, and Skype calls, and even spy on the target through his or her webcam and microphone. It's as if the investigator were standing behind a suspect using their computer.
Hackers have written rootkits and backdoors for decades. But the development of commercial hacking software — complete with custom features, regular updates, and tech support — is fairly new.
"You're actually getting a commercially developed product," says Morgan Marquis-Boire, a security researcher who has authored reports on Hacking Team and the market for state-sponsored hacking tools for University of Toronto's Citizen Lab. "That's actually what makes it different from the sort of backdoors that hackers were using sort of for the lulz, like 18 years ago when I was opening my flatmate's CD-ROM drive to freak him out."
Companies like Hacking Team, Gamma International, and VUPEN are now developing this software and pitching it to government agencies around the world. And instead of opening people's CD-ROMS, these clients are spying on citizens.
Hacking Team says it only sells to law enforcement and intelligence agencies and will not sell to countries that are blacklisted by NATO. Critics say the software has ended up in rogue hands, resulting in the near-hacking of one American citizen, the beating of a UAE activist, and the surveillance of pro-democracy Moroccan journalists, incidents the company has obliquely denied, citing client confidentiality and calling the claims "largely circumstantial."
But governments hacking their own citizens is new legal ground in many nations, including the US, where it was recently revealed that the FBI is building its own hacking tools. US precedent is not totally clear, but continuing surveillance through a suspect's computer would likely require investigators to meet the same standards required for a wiretap and get approval from a judge.
There is no evidence that Hacking Team's software is being used in the US, but the company opened an office in Annapolis in 2011, hired a US spokesman in 2012, and shows up at exclusive conferences aimed at American law enforcement agencies. A recent WikiLeaks release purported to show a Hacking Team salesman making trips to the US at least three times in 2012 and 2013, and members of the security community say the company seems to have a growing presence here.
"If they haven't sold anything in the US yet, it's not because they haven't been trying really hard," says Christopher Soghoian, senior policy analyst for the American Civil Liberties Union.
A tool like Da Vinci could be attractive to large US police departments, for example, especially considering the emphasis on counterterrorism in state police departments and large metropolitan areas like New York City.
"If they haven't sold anything in the US yet, it's not because they haven't been trying really hard."
Da Vinci costs "hundreds of thousands of dollars" and is customized for each client, says Eric Rabe, Hacking Team's senior counsel and US spokesman. That puts the program out of the reach of many smaller departments, although the Department of Homeland Security has given grants to police departments to purchase surveillance technology for use against terrorists.
Rabe declined to say whether Hacking Team has any American clients or is ramping up in the US. "There are people out there doing bad things, and they're using the internet and communication devices to facilitate their needs," he says. "I think it's the responsibility of police departments to use any tool they can to investigate those possible threats and stop them if they find them to be credible. I'm kind of astonished that there are people who think police shouldn't have those capabilities."
The ascent of companies like Hacking Team is "potentially worrisome" because of the potential for abuse by law enforcement, says Kurt Opsahl, a senior staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation. However, Hacking Team has largely avoided criticism so far. Even though many Americans might balk at the idea of the police being able to monitor every keystroke, that discussion is not happening. As outrage over the NSA's surveillance capabilities is still being stoked by new revelations from the Snowden files, Hacking Team is slipping in through the backdoor.
Correction: An earlier version of this story erroneously said the activist who was beaten was Moroccan; he is from the UAE. The Verge regrets the error.
A gaming software company has been slapped with a $1 million fine after secretly adding bitcoin mining software to a product update earlier this year.
E-Sports Entertainment Association (ESEA) – which lets serious CounterStrike players face each other down in anti-cheat modes – infected about 14,000 of its customers with the code, which ended up mining about 30 bitcoins over two weeks last spring.
The company blamed a rogue employee, who has since been terminated. It's still facing a class action over the matter in California. "What transpired the past two weeks is a case of an employee acting on his own and without authorization to access our community through our company's resources," ESEA co-founder Craig Levine told WIRED back in May.
The settlement was announced today by the New Jersey Attorney General, which says that ESEA will pay $325,000 of the fine upfront, and will only be hit with the rest of the penalty if it's caught misbehaving over the next decade.
In a press release, the Attorney General's office called the software a "botnet" that could monitor customers even when they weren't using the ESEA software.
“These defendants illegally hijacked thousands of people's personal computers without their knowledge or consent, and in doing so gained the ability to monitor their activities, mine for virtual currency that had real dollar value, and otherwise invade and damage their computers," the AG's office said.
Though they reached a settlement, ESEA and the New Jersey AG disagree over the facts of the case. The AG's office says that company co-founder Eric Thunberg and software engineer Sean Hunczak were both involved in the scam. In a statement posted to its website, ESEA said the software was the work of a single engineer, presumably Hunczak, adding that the "press release issued by the Attorney General about our settlement represents a deep misunderstanding of the facts of the case, the nature of our business, and the technology in question."
Thunberg is still with the company.
Back in the spring, those 30 bitcoins were worth only a few thousand dollars, but at today's rates, it comes closer to $17,000.
The botnet's haul was so good because six months ago, serious gamers like ESEA's customers made excellent soldiers for a botnet army. Gaming machines have powerful graphical processing units that are pretty good at bitcoin mining. Since the spring, however, the bitcoin mining game has become a lot harder, and miners now use custom-designed chips to earn payouts on the bitcoin network.
Update: 8:15 p.m. EDT Nov. 19 – This story has been updated to include comment from ESEA and additional details from the NJ AG.
"Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years."
On Dec. 3, 2015, Gov. Scott Walker was asked by a Wisconsin reporter for his reaction to the gunslaying of 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. the previous day.
That was before authorities had determined that the husband-and-wife shooters had discussed jihad and martyrdom.
Walker responded by talking about mental illness.
"We don't know enough about this instance. But for others like that, what we've found is one of the common denominators in many of these cases are people who've slipped through the cracks when it comes to chronic mental illness," the governor said.
"That's why I'm proud that here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years."
Two longtime mental health advocates told us that Walker's funding boost was exceptional.
"We were hard pressed to think of anything quite as significant," said Shel Gross, senior policy associate at Mental Health America of Wisconsin.
So let's see whether Walker put into the state budget more money for mental health than any governor in the last quarter-century.
Walker's evidence
Walker announced in February 2013, in the wake of mass shootings in Newtown, Conn., and at a Sikh temple and a spa in suburban Milwaukee, that he would raise spending on mental health services by $29 million in his 2013-'15 state budget.
The six initiatives included $12.6 million to open two units at the Mendota Mental Health Institute, a state-run psychiatric hospital in Madison for patients who have been committed, and $10.2 million for expanding community-based care programs for people with severe mental illness.
When Walker made his formal budget presentation later that month, he said only half of all Wisconsin adults with "serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication" -- a claim we rated Mostly True.
We noted that the Wisconsin chapter of National Alliance on Mental Illness had praised the spending boost, but criticized Walker for rejecting a proposal under President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act to expand Medicaid, saying his decision "reflects a shallow understanding" of "crucial means to affordable mental health care for Wisconsin residents."
Mental health benefits in private-sector insurance plans are generally less comprehensive than those provided by Medicaid.
But that is separate from the amount of state funds Walker put into the state budget.
To back the governor's claim, a spokeswoman provided us a February 2013 email from Walker's Department of Administration that said there had not been a mental health funding boost in "general purpose revenue" since the creation of what was known as the "community aids" program in the mid-1970s. Walker's office also had his Department of Health Services provide us more detail in restating that his investment was the largest since the ‘70s.
Separately, the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau confirmed to us that the $29 million increase in state funding budgeted for mental health services in the 2013-15 state budget was the largest increase in at least 25 years, and that no other increases during that time were nearly as much.
A final note:
Charlie Morgan, a program supervisor for the fiscal bureau, told us that the total amount the state budgets for mental health services "is not easily answered."
That's because funding for those services is provided through many programs, including: inpatient services provided by the state's mental health hospitals, community-based mental health services that are budgeted as distinct programs; and funding the state provides to counties, including for programs that provide mental health as well as substance abuse services.
But it's clear the additional $29 million added by Walker is the largest such increase in at least 25 years, he said.
Our rating
Walker said: "Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years."
It's worth noting that Walker refused a federal expansion of Medicaid that would have provided more mental health services to Wisconsinites. But on putting state money into the state budget for mental health, he is correct.
We rate the statement True.
Santa Cruz-based organization brings psychedelic harm-reduction to Burning Man
An estimated 55,000 people are currently gathered in the Nevada desert for Burning Man, the annual summer festival of art, counter-culture, and self-reliance that will culminate on Saturday, Aug. 31 when the towering wooden “man” effigy goes up in flames.
It's not far fetched to assume that plenty of these people have consumed, or plan to consume, mind-altering substances, some of which can lead to uncomfortable hallucinations, distorted realities, all around panic and ultimately a “bad trip.”
But one Santa Cruz-based organization wants to stamp out bad trips, especially those that may otherwise escalate into run-ins with law enforcement or medics.
In general, being hospitalized or thrown into a jail cell while under the influence of a psychedelic drug is a recipe for a traumatic experience. But these are often the outcomes when emergency personnel deal with people experiencing acute psychiatric crises—which can, on rare occasion, be induced by psychedelics.
Santa Cruz-based Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS) is trying to shift the way society deals with those psychedelic drug users into a more practical, public-health-oriented approach that won't land people with debt-inducing hospital bills or dark marks on their permanent records.
“When someone is having a difficult experience [with psychedelics], what they need more than anything is to feel safe and secure so that they can surrender to the experience, and that involves someone who is ready to compassionately listen to them or just hold space for them,” says Linnae Ponté, volunteer coordinator for MAPS' Zendo Program, which promotes “psychedelic harm reduction,” in policy speak.
As a nonprofit research and educational organization, MAPS' work is primarily focused on the medical and legal uses of psychedelics and marijuana. But in light of the reality that millions of people (according to MAPS' own estimate) use psychedelics outside of supervised medical contexts each year, MAPS created the Zendo Program last year to help mitigate the negative impacts of recreational use.
As early as 10 years ago, MAPS supported psychedelic harm-reduction services at festivals around the world, including Burning Man. Burning Man's own harm-reduction space—called the “Sanctuary”—already supported psychedelic harm reduction, and MAPS voluntarily provided extra help.
While the free-form festival has a reputation for partying and drug use, Black Rock City—as the temporary Burning Man metropolis is called—does not operate outside of the law. Federal, state and local laws apply, including laws prohibiting the use of illegal substances.
Six different law enforcement agencies patrol the event, which takes place on federal land overseen by the Bureau of Land Management—these include local county sheriffs departments, BLM rangers, and Nevada Highway Patrol.
However, given the amount of illegal substances said to be used, rates of arrest and medical intervention have been relatively low in the past. According to the Washoe County Sheriff's Office, four drug-related arrests were made and 13 misdemeanor citations were given for marijuana or drug paraphernalia at last year's event.
Event organizers reported low numbers of drug-related medical incidents in 2011, the last year for which such data is available. Fifty-seven patients were treated for drug-related issues, comprising .9 percent of the patients seen by onsite emergency medical service providers.
But when someone is experiencing trouble while under the influence, MAPS does not think arrest or hospitalization is typically the best solution.
“Medical volunteers and law enforcement at festivals just don't want to deal with people who are tripping because they don't know how,” says Ponté. “It makes them uncomfortable and they don't want to arrest somebody because they're just tripping.”
MAPS' psychedelic harm-reduction efforts offer compassion, support, water and a place to rest—nothing more, says Ponté, adding that that's all it takes.
“If someone is just on, say, LSD or psilocybin you really just need to wait for the duration of the drug,” Ponté says. “Often that means they just need someone to sit there with them so they know they're OK, they're safe, [and] they just need to relax.”
However, the Burning Man organization discontinued these safe spaces several years ago, reportedly because of pressure on the organization to divorce its identity from psychedelics. As a result, other psychedelic harm-reduction efforts also left the city, according to Brad Burge, the director of communications for MAPS.
“As you'd expect with harm reduction, there is often this assumption that all psychedelic use is abuse,” says Burge. “There was a lot of cultural pressure for the Burning Man organization to separate itself from that because in the media, in the popular culture, it was really easy to conflate psychedelic harm-reduction services with encouraging the use of drugs.”
Through public education, MAPS hopes to demonstrate that such is not the case. “Rather, we're just providing support for people having those difficult experiences,” he says.
As a result of what Burge calls an ongoing cultural shift, psychedelic harm-reduction services returned to Burning Man last summer through a partnership between MAPS and the theme camp Fractal Nation. Like most of the camps, art exhibits, and events that happen at Burning Man every year, Fractal Nation is in no way associated with the official Burning Man organization.
Within a yurt-like structure filled with pillows, rugs, blankets and lamps, about 60 MAPS volunteers provided psychedelic harm-reduction services to 108 of Burning Man's more than 51,000 participants last year. None of them required medical attention or incarceration, says Burge.
Thanks to successful outreach and fundraising, MAPS returned with Fractal Nation this year with more than 100 psychedelic harm-reduction volunteers—a “significant portion” of whom are Santa Cruz County locals, Burge says.
“After some close saves last year, where we really showed these harm-reduction services were an alternative to hospitalization or imprisonment, there's even more public support,” says Burge, noting that MAPS' psychedelic harm-reduction effort far exceeded its $10,000 donation goal in just 11 days on the online fundraising site Indiegogo. Their total donations by the end of the month-long campaign reached $17,786.
In addition to regular volunteers, Zendo has one to two medical volunteers who look for warning signs of hypothermia and other severe medical issues.
“We haven't actually had any medical emergencies, thank goodness, but if we ever do we will always have a medical person on-site to triage to the festival's medical care,” she says.
At Burning Man and beyond, Burge says it is clear that people are taking psychedelic drugs, and that, while that's the case, a public health approach is vital to keeping them safe.
(Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge on Thursday ordered Kentucky to recognize the legal same-sex marriages of residents who wed outside the state, the office of the state attorney general said.
The decision is the latest in a string of rulings that expand gay rights following a U.S. Supreme Court decision last year that legally married same-sex couples nationwide are eligible for federal benefits, striking down a key part of the 1996 federal Defense of Marriage Act.
U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II's decision makes official a February 12 ruling where he said forbidding recognition of the marriages violated the constitutional rights of same-sex couples to equal protection under the law.
Four Kentucky same-sex couples married out of state had challenged a state law that declared such marriages void and the attendant rights unenforceable. The couples, who were legally wed in Iowa, California, Connecticut and Canada, did not challenge a state constitutional ban on same-sex marriage.
Kentucky had argued its policies were rationally related to a legitimate government interest in preserving traditional marriage.
In all, 17 states plus the District of Columbia recognize gay marriage, including eight states where it became legal in 2013.
The Hobbit turns 74 today!
at 9:31 am by - September 21, 20119:31 am by Demosthenes
Today marks the 74th anniversary of the publication of the Hobbit by George Allen & Unwin. It was on 21 September, 1937 that the first copies of this now-famous fantasy tale rolled off the presses and into the shops.
Allen & Unwin printed “only” 1,500 copies in the first impression of the first edition. It proved an immediate hit. By December, that first run had entirely sold out.
Since then, it's estimated that the tale of Bilbo's heroic quest defeat the dragon Smaug and reclaim the birthright of Thorin has sold somewhere between 35 million and 100 million copies. It's also been translated into more than 40 different languages.
Numbers alone can't tell its importance and influence on the fantasy genre. In 1937, heroic fantasy tales involving dwarves and elves barely existed. Taking inspiration from his love of fairy tales and sagas, and the work of proto-fantasists such as William Morris, Tolkien inadvertently developed and legitimised an entire genre of writing.
For, without the famous line “In a hole in the ground, there lived a hobbit”, there would almost certainly be no Lord of the Rings.
And where would epic fantasy be without Lord of the Rings?
So raise a glass and toast The Hobbit. A most excellent and audacious book. To twist a phrase written by the professor himself: may the binding of its pages never fall out!
A day after an estimated 10,000 websites went dark and more than 7 million people signed a Google.com petition opposing two controversial copyright enforcement bills, opponents of the bills said there's more work to do.
The Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP Act aren't dead, with the U.S. Senate headed toward an initial vote on PIPA Tuesday, opponents of the two bills said Thursday. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, a Nevada Democrat, has scheduled a cloture vote -- a vote to override a threatened filibuster of PIPA -- for Tuesday, even though about 20 senators have announced opposition this week, including six who had co-sponsored the bill.
Reid talked about senators drafting an amended version of the bill, but no text has been released yet. It's unclear at this point whether backers of PIPA will get the 60 votes needed to override the filibuster threatened by two Republicans and two Democratic senators. Several senators, including some co-sponsors of PIPA, have called on the Senate to slow down.
With the vote still scheduled, the work against the two bills is not over, said Michael McGeary, a strategist at startup consultancy Hattery Labs. Wednesday's protest was "not the first day and not the last day," he said at an anti-PIPA briefing Thursday. "We're here for the duration."
Opponents of PIPA, including the Consumer Electronics Association and NetCoalition, urged senators to delay the vote and return to the drawing board. Any amended version of the bill offered before Tuesday would be the result of a "backroom" deal, and Wednesday's massive online protests seemed focused not only on the content of the bills, but also the rushed attempts to pass PIPA and SOPA, said Mike Masnick, founder of the TechDirt blog.
Wednesday's online protests showed that Web users want a more open process on legislation that affects them, added Michael Petricone, senior vice president of government affairs for the Consumer Electronics Association. "On the Internet, there are no longer any back rooms," he said.
Senator Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat and Senate Judiciary Committee chairman, introduced PIPA on May 12, and the committee voted to approve the bill and send it to the Senate floor two weeks later. In the House of Representatives, Lamar Smith, a Texas Republican and House Judiciary Committee chairman, introduced SOPA on Oct. 26, and the committee held one hearing on the bill. Of the six witnesses invited to speak, only one opposed the bill.
The House committee then began a hearing to amend the bill and move it to the House floor 20 days after the bill was introduced. The markup hearing is scheduled to resume in February.
In Wednesday's protests, thousands of websites, including the English version of Wikipedia, Reddit and Mozilla.org, went dark to protest the two bills. Google remained open for business, but blacked out its logo on its homepage and asked users to sign a petition opposing PIPA and SOPA. More than 7 million people signed the petition, Google said Thursday.
Participants of two anti-PIPA briefings on Capitol Hill Thursday called the protests a tipping point in momentum, and possibly a signal of changes in the way Washington does business. "Four months ago, I would say that the Hollywood community thought this legislation -- PIPA and SOPA -- were cooked, fully baked, and were going to be rammed through the legislative process," said Markham Erickson, executive director of trade group NetCoalition.
Wednesday's protest showed U.S. Web users, for the first time, that they can have an impact on the legislative process, said Julian Sanchez, a research fellow at libertarian think tank the Cato Institute. Until now, there's been a large "transaction cost" for groups that want to lobby lawmakers, in the form of lobbying expenses, he said.
"The transaction costs to organization have fallen so low, that it's no longer apparent in advance who the players are" in any Washington debate, he said.
Christopher Dodd, chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America, a strong supporter of PIPA and SOPA, complained in the New York Times that the protests may change Washington, but not necessarily in a good way. Activists now have the ability to spread their messages worldwide, without regulation or fact-checking, he said.
An MPAA spokesman declined to comment on what regulations Dodd would prefer for Internet activism and speech.
Leahy's office on Thursday sent out an email saying a new law is needed to protect U.S. companies against copyright theft.
"As the U.S. looks to remain globally competitive and to preserve its strength in manufacturing, ensuring stricter enforcement of existing intellectual property laws on the Internet is increasingly important," the email said. "By targeting primarily foreign-based websites that steal American intellectual property, the PROTECT IP Act will preserve existing, high paying jobs while helping to spur job creation in the United States."
Grant Gross covers technology and telecom policy in the U.S. government for The IDG News Service. Follow Grant on Twitter at GrantGross. Grant's e-mail address is grant_gross@idg.com.
Three Kansas men are accused of plotting a bomb attack targeting an apartment complex that is home to a mosque and many Muslim immigrants from Somalia, authorities said Friday.
Curtis Allen, Gavin Wright and Patrick Eugene Stein face federal charges of conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction, the Justice Department announced Friday.
“These charges are based on eight months of investigation by the FBI that is alleged to have taken the investigators deep into a hidden culture of hatred and violence,” Acting U.S. Attorney Tom Beall said in a statement. “Many Kansans may find it as startling as I do that such things could happen here.”
According to the complaint, the investigation was prompted by a paid confidential informant who attended meetings with a group of people calling themselves “the Crusaders” and heard discussions of plans to attack Muslims, whom they called “cockroaches.”
The three men charged Friday were identified as the architects of the attack plan, the FBI complaint said, through a combination of recordings, social-media posts and reporting from the confidential informant.
The group routinely expressed hatred for Muslims, Somalis and immigrants. In one call, Stein is alleged to have said that the country could be turned around only with “a bloodbath.” The individuals said they wanted to “wake people up” and inspire other militia groups to act.
We're going to talk about killing people and going to prison for life. … We need to be preemptive before something happens
The FBI said that as part of this plot, the men conducted surveillance in Garden City, Kansas, a small city about 200 miles west of Wichita, and other places in southwest Kansas.
At one point, Stein was being driven around by the confidential informant, who told the FBI that Stein shouted at Somali women in traditional garb and cursed at them.
During this surveillance, Stein was armed with an assault rifle, extra magazines, a pistol, a ballistic vest and a night-vision scope, the complaint said.
The three men had been plotting since February “to use a weapon of mass destruction,” according to an FBI complaint made public Friday.
In June, Stein is alleged to have met with members of the Crusaders and brought up the Orlando, Florida, nightclub shooting, which was carried out by a Florida man who pledged loyalty to the Islamic State during the attack.
The FBI said its informant met in July with the three men charged Friday at a business owned by Wright and where Allen worked. They discussed potential targets, at one point marking them on Google Maps, and “brainstormed various methods of attack, including murder, kidnapping, rape, and arson,” the FBI said.
“We're going to talk about killing people and going to prison for life,” Allen said at one point, according to the complaint. “Less than sixty days, maybe forty days until something major happens. We need to be preemptive before something happens.”
“The only good Muslim is a dead Muslim,” Stein responded, according to the documents.
At another point in the conversation, Stein allegedly remarked: “If you're a Muslim I'm going to enjoy shooting you in the head,” before telling the group that “when we go on operations there's no leaving anyone behind, even if it's a 1-year-old, I'm serious.”
Allen and Wright are both 49 years old, and Stein is 47. No attorneys were listed for the three men Friday evening.
Their next court appearance is scheduled for Monday morning in Wichita. If convicted, they face life in prison.
On Friday, the Council on American-Islamic Relations called for officials in law enforcement to offer “stepped-up protection for mosques and other Islamic institutions.”
“We ask our nation's political leaders, and particularly political candidates, to reject the growing Islamophobia in our nation,” CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad said in a news release.
The news last week that summer ice covering the Arctic Ocean was tied for the second-lowest extent on record is a sobering reminder that the planet is swiftly heading toward a largely ice-free Arctic in the warmer months, possibly as early as 2020. After that, we can expect the ice-free period in the Arctic basin to expand to three to four months a year, and eventually to five months or more. Since my days measuring the thickness of Arctic Ocean ice from British nuclear submarines in the early 1970s, I have witnessed a stunning decline in the sea ice covering the northern polar regions — a more than 50 percent drop in extent in summer, and an even steeper reduction in ice volume. Just a few decades ago, ice 10 to 12 feet thick covered the North Pole, with sub-surface ice ridges in some parts of the Arctic extending down to 150 feet. Now, that ice is long gone, while the total volume of Arctic sea ice in late summer has declined, according to two estimates, by 75 percent in half a century. The great white cap that once covered the top of the world is now turning blue — a change that represents humanity's most dramatic step in reshaping the face of our planet. And with the steady disappearance of the polar ice cover, we are losing a vast air conditioning system that has helped regulate and stabilize earth's climate system for thousands of years.
Click to enlarge. Illustration by Katie Peek/Yale e360
Few people understand that the Arctic sea ice “death spiral” represents more than just a major ecological upheaval in the world's Far North. The decline of Arctic sea ice also has profound global climatic effects, or feedbacks, that are already intensifying global warming and have the potential to destabilize the climate system. Indeed, we are not far from the moment when the feedbacks themselves will be driving the change every bit as much as our continuing emission of billions of tons of carbon dioxide annually.
So what are these feedbacks, and how do they interact? The most basic stem from turning the Arctic Ocean from white to blue, which changes the region's albedo — the amount of solar radiation reflected off a surface. Sea ice, in summer, reflects roughly 50 percent of incoming radiation back into space. Its replacement with open water — which reflects roughly 10 percent of incoming solar radiation — is causing a high albedo-driven warming across the Arctic.
When covered almost entirely by ice in summer — which the Arctic was for tens of thousands of years — water temperatures there didn't generally rise above freezing. Now, as the open Arctic Ocean absorbs huge amounts of solar radiation in summer, water temperatures are climbing by several degrees Fahrenheit, with some areas showing increases of 7 degrees F above the long-term average.
Such changes mean that a system that was once a vast air conditioner has started to turn into a heater. Just how much extra heat are the dark waters of the Arctic Ocean in summer adding to the planet? One recent study estimates that it's equivalent to adding another 25 percent to global greenhouse emissions.
To appreciate the complexity of these feedbacks and interactions, one need only look at the growing role played by waves and storms in the melting Arctic. With more of the Arctic Ocean becoming ice-free in summer, more waves are being generated. In summer, this increased wave action breaks up large ice floes into smaller fragments and hastens their melt. Then, in autumn, larger storms fed by open water cause wave-induced mixing of the Arctic Ocean, which brings up heat absorbed during the summer. This warms the water, making it harder for ice to form in the fall. I observed this phenomenon last September and October aboard the University of Alaska research vessel Sikuliaq in the western Arctic Ocean. After the warm summer of 2015, the advance of winter ice was slow and sporadic, apparently held back by the quantity of heat in the water column.
Yet another albedo-related effect with important global climatic repercussions is now unfolding in the Arctic. As ice-free Arctic waters have warmed, in turn warming the air above them, these rising temperatures have spread over land. This is an important factor in the increased melting of snow in Arctic terrestrial regions. Today, in midsummer, the Arctic land area covered by snow has decreased by several million square miles compared to five decades ago. These now-dark lands absorb more heat and further warm the Arctic — and the planet.
Also, as the tundra and boreal forests heat up, runoff from snowmelt and waterways runs through warmer land, increasing the temperature of the great Arctic rivers such as the Mackenzie in Canada and the Ob, Lena, and Yenisei in Siberia. The warmer waters of these north-flowing rivers discharge into the Arctic basin, injecting more heat into the polar ocean.
By my calculations, the terrestrial warming in the Arctic is roughly equivalent to a 25 percent boost in global CO2 emissions. This, combined with the warming caused by the loss of Arctic sea ice, means that the overall ice/snow albedo effect in the Arctic could add as much as 50 percent to the direct global heating effect of CO2. Scientists can debate the potential magnitude of such increases. But there is no doubt that they will be significant — vividly illustrating how the Arctic can become a driver of, rather than just a responder to, global climate change.
The most worrisome feedback involves the release of seabed methane from the continental shelves of the Arctic Ocean.
The list of feedback effects on the global climate from diminishing Arctic sea ice goes on. As ocean and air temperatures in the Arctic rise, this adds more water vapor to the atmosphere, since warmer air holds more moisture. Water vapor is itself a greenhouse gas, trapping outgoing long-wave radiation and holding heat closer to the surface of the earth. With air temperatures rising in many parts of the Arctic by several degrees F in recent decades, water vapor concentration has gone up by more than 20 percent, adding to Arctic warming.
Rising air temperatures over open Arctic waters in summer are also heating up the Greenland ice sheet. Until the 1980s, the Greenland ice sheet did not experience extensive summer melt. The melt then began at low altitudes, and in recent years has spread to the whole ice sheet. In July 2012, for example, 97 percent of the Greenland ice cap experienced surface melting, according to remote sensing by satellite.
The meltwater does not just remain on the surface to refreeze in autumn. It plunges down into the ice sheet through large holes called moulins, lubricating the ice sheet bed and causing glacial advance to accelerate, doubling in speed in some cases as glaciers calve more icebergs into the ocean. Greenland is now the largest single contributor to global sea level rise, its melting ice cap adding some 300 cubic kilometres (72 cubic miles) of water per year to the ocean. The low estimates of sea level rise by the end of the century — two to three feet according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) — are being revised upwards, with serious implications for policymakers who must plan the defense of low-lying cities like Miami, New Orleans, London, Venice, and Shanghai, or of defenseless coastlines like Bangladesh.
But the most worrisome feedback, which could lead to catastrophic effects in the near future, involves the release of seabed methane — a potent greenhouse gas — from the continental shelves of the Arctic Ocean.
The Arctic Ocean is unusual in that, while its abyssal depths are great (13,000 feet or more), it is surrounded by wide continental shelf seas only 150 to 300 feet deep. Most of these — the East Siberian, Kara, Laptev, and Barents seas — lie to the north of Siberia. Until this century, most of these Arctic continental shelves were covered with sea ice even in summer, and this prevented the water temperature from rising above 32 degrees F. During the last decade, however, the summer sea ice has retreated from the shelves, allowing the water to warm up into the high 30s. The warmer water, extending to the seabed, thaws the offshore permafrost that has been in place since the last Ice Age. Underneath it is a thick layer of sediment containing large amounts of methane in the form of solid methane hydrates; these have a cage-like crystal structure in which methane molecules are surrounded by ice.
The release of the overlying pressure allows the hydrates to disintegrate and turn into gaseous methane, which bubbles up through the water column in intense plumes and is released to the atmosphere. This release is already causing global methane levels to rise after being flat through the early years of this century. The fear is that a larger portion of the methane will be released from the sediments. And although methane only remains in the atmosphere for a decade or so (unlike CO2, which can linger for centuries), it traps heat 23 times more efficiently per molecule than carbon dioxide.
These changes represent a spiritual impoverishment of the earth, as well as a catastrophe for humanity.
Welcome to the Toronto Post, you're number one destination for all things Toronto news. Our site features all the latest local news and is the perfect destination for people who care about this great city. If you want to get the most out of it, then this is the place to be. We provide insights into everything that's happening including events, industry news, restaurant and shopping information and so much more. Whether you're just visiting or a resident we'll help you make smart choices about everything that matters. Our in-depth reporting means our Toronto news website is always on the pulse of the latest story. We care and we want to bring you the local news that means that most as well as covering the wider Toronto area and covering topics like real estate, culture, entertainment, technology, and more.
Headline News
Find out what's making the front pages of the newspapers in our headline news section. These are the stories that matter and the latest happenings in Toronto. From the Yonge Street van attacker, to prime minister Trudeau's latest statements. We have all the latest breaking news coverage as well as local news and this section of our site is updated all the time. If you want to the latest Toronto news before anyone else this is the part of our site to visit. You can check out our live updates including local traffic news and breaking stories. There are local news stories and full coverage of all the hot topics.
Entertainment News
This section of our Toronto news site features all the latest information on things to do, food and drink, opinion pieces, city living advice, and more. Get the latest celebrity gossip, movie reviews, restaurant listings, movie releases, book reviews, and more. This section of our site has all you need to know about new box office hits, famous stars hitting the limelight, music news, celebrity news, awards coverage for the Juno Awards, Oscars, and Golden Globes, and so much more. If you're just visiting Toronto we have information on the most popular tourist destinations including Niagara Falls tours, how to get around the city, what the best restaurants and bars are, where to find late night dining, what to avoid, and much more.
Sports News
Get the latest headlines, opinions, and sports video updates right here. Find out what's happening in NHL hockey, CFL, and NHL football, MLB baseball, NBA, and much more. We have the ultimate guide to all the latest news and sports coverage including scores, standings, video highlights and more. For up to the minute Toronto news on sports This is the section of our site you need to visit. Get the latest updates on the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, the Toronto Blue Jays, the Toronto Argonauts, Toronto Reds, Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Sabres, Toronto Rock, and more.
Technology News
Get the latest video and news articles about technology in Toronto. All you need to know about new gadgets, science, and more. Find out about the Franklin expedition wreaks and how Canada and Britain announced their formal agreement on the remains of the Franklin Expedition. This section of our Toronto news site has all the information you need on security, computer networking, cyber-crime, the latest product reviews, and interviews. From innovation and culture to things like FunnelCake, Lane Four, and more. Learn about the latest technology and trends in the industry and how Toronto is set to break out as one of the world's leading technology innovation hubs in the coming years. We even take a look at social media and its impact on society today.
Watch Free Documentaries
If free documentaries are your thing, this section of our Toronto news site is perfect. There are hundreds of great documentaries and films that you can watch online for free and we tell you when they are available. These on-demand documentaries are available free for a certain period of time and new ones are added all the time. We have information on Hot Docs, North America's largest documentary festival where you can watch a selection of over 200 films from Canada and around the world. This is all available to Toronto audiences and we have all the information you need. We also have the latest from the Toronto Public Library and their online collection of over 30,000 free movies and documentaries that you can watch.
Lottery Winning Numbers
Find out if you've won the lottery. Check the Canada Lotto 6/49 winning numbers and results. Find the next Canada Lotto 6/49 jackpot. Find previous winning numbers, game information and more. Al the lottery results and winning numbers are here including prize payouts for Pick 2, Pick 3 Pick 4, Encore, Early Bird, Ontario 49, Lottario, MegaDice Lotto, Lotto Max, Daily Grand, and more.
Casino News
Get the latest Toronto news on land-based and online casinos. There are plenty of choices whether you're from Toronto or anywhere else in the province. We even have information on the Ontario online gambling scene with the latest game releases, software provider licenses, and more. We have online casino reviews, game guides, how to play on the go, new casino game reviews and bonus offers, and so much more. We tell you about slots that can be found at the different racetracks and casinos including Woodstock Raceway and Woodbine Racetrack. We have information on Thunder Bay and the Great Blue Heron casinos too. If you're planning a trip to one of the casino resorts in Ontario we have all the latest local news for these too. From Fallsview Casino Resort in Niagara Falls with its major poker tournaments to Windsor's Resort which is a brand of the Las Vegas Caesars. It's all here in our casino news section so be sure to check it out.
Chelsea's win at Everton had pretty much everything else, so why not add some controversy to the mix? It will, however, have to be controversy of the very lame sort: Roberto Martinez is angry at Diego Costa for being a big old meanie to Seamus Coleman after the Toffees defender turned an Eden Hazard cross into his own net. Yes, that's exactly as silly as it sounds:
I think there are certain foreign players who, when they come to the Premier League, they need to understand the ethics. It is a completely different culture and the last thing you want to be is disrespectful from a player to another player, even if he is on the opposing team. I am sure he will learn that very quickly. The last thing I would do myself is fall into a trap and be disrespectful that way. Source: Guardian.
Which ... well, let's ignore the fact that Seamus Coleman was doing his best to get Diego Costa booked all match, finally getting the striker to snap a little before the aforementioned own goal. Let's also ignore the fact that Tim Howard's reaction to the taunt was to grab Diego Costa by the neck. Those facts are interesting but ultimately irrelevant.
The key point is this: footballers shouldn't expect to not be mocked by their fellow professionals. I'm not talking abuse, of course (especially racist/homophobic abuse, a scourge that should be stamped out of the match), but laughing at someone after they've conceded an own goal? I honestly can't think of a better time to laugh at someone.
I don't want Diego Costa to respect Seamus Coleman when he's playing. I want him to annihilate him. And if Roberto Martinez thinks that teasing someone after scoring an own goal is somehow going too far, I have the following message.
The Arizona Coyotes' arena deal with Arizona State University fell through last week, sparking another round of (seemingly endless) speculation about the team's future in the state.
[Follow Puck Daddy on social media: Twitter | Instagram | Facebook | Tumblr]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
On Wednesday, a report in the Glendale Star has made things really interesting: The paper reports that “members of the Arizona Coyotes” have toured arena locations in two Pacific Northwest cities: The Moda Center in Portland, Oregon, the home of the Portland Trailblazers; and KeyArena in Seattle, former home of the Seattle Supersonics and an arena many have speculated would temporarily house an NHL team before a new arena is built.
From the Star:
Trailblazers owner, Paul Allen, has said he would like to own a percentage of any team that may play at Moda Center. Portland has long been one of the many rumored landing spots of the Coyotes, as well as Seattle.
A spokesperson for Key Arena said, “(the city) recently had a tour for potential developers and potential ownership groups and there was a representative from the (Coyotes) that was part of that.” He was unaware what member of the organization was part of the tour.
The Coyotes, through spokesman Rich Nairn, called the report “false” when asked by the paper for comment.
This isn't the first time the Coyotes have been mentioned with Seattle, which was not granted an NHL team in the League's latest round of expansion due to arena uncertainty and lack of a single viable ownership group.
In 2012, there was talk about the team moving to Seattle, but Key Arena was deemed not viable for hockey in the long term.
Story continues
In 2013, Seattle was “Plan B” for the NHL as it attempted to sell the Coyotes following the team's bankruptcy proceedings. Former Coyotes star Jeremy Roenick was reportedly part of the ownership group that sought to relocate that franchise, but it was sold to owners that kept the franchise in Glendale.
So was this report, if accurate, an indication that the Coyotes are looking to leave or just the franchise checking its options if a new arena can't be built in Arizona?
[Newsletter: Get 5 great stories from the Yahoo Sports blogs in your inbox every morning!]
As for that new building, it won't be at ASU, but there's always a chance that the Coyotes could rejoin the Phoenix Suns of the NBA in a new building.
From Dan Bickley of the Arizona Republic:
The Coyotes still have an ally in Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton, who needs a co-tenant to sell taxpayers on a giant new arena for the Suns. But the political climate is very tricky and very toxic. It will be harder than ever for our NHL team to leave a stadium specifically built for them in a Glendale cotton field, even if the remote location is slowly killing the franchise.
“If the relationship between the Coyotes and Glendale is over, I'd like to have that team in downtown Phoenix,” Stanton said in mid-January, during the Suns' visit to Mexico City. “We don't need another new arena in our region. We have the perfect site in downtown Phoenix.”
So the saga continues. Seattle not getting an expansion team was bad news for Coyotes fans, as the NHL obviously wants to keep geographic balance should one of its teams need to be relocated. The Coyotes to Seattle would do that.
The Seattle downtown arena project continues to lurch forward, but there's always been speculation that a team could be in Key Arena in the short term is necessary while a new building is constructed.
More drama, stress and strain for Coyotes fans. Relocation talk is poison to building a fan base there. Of course, incessant losing isn't helping either.
—
Greg Wyshynski is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact him at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or find him on Twitter. His book, TAKE YOUR EYE OFF THE PUCK, is available on Amazon and wherever books are sold.
MORE FROM YAHOO SPORTS
I was pretty depressed yesterday when a surprise package came in the mail from Eric at Lunacycles. Inside of a box filled with candies and cookies was a brand new Mighty Mini 7075 t6 heat treated alloy chain ring for the BBS02 available here for $56. I was so astounded by the sheer beauty of this chainring that I actually sat and stared at it for about 5 minutes. I carefully looked over the machining to see if I could find a single flaw. I couldn't.
I started to tear up a little bit, and then I hung it on the wall like a piece of art. I was going to call the machinist and tell him what an amazing job he had done, but I didn't want to have him hear me be all emotional and weepy on the phone, so I didn't. The next day I took down this work of art, threw it on my Dark Matter build and took it for a spin. It did not disappoint.
First I did a speed test with my old 34T Race Face chainring and my Biktrix chainring adapter on the Biktrix BBS02. On the flats with a fresh battery and pretty low tire pressure, I got up to about 27mph GPS verified. At that speed, there was a good pedaling cadence with an 11T cog engaged in the rear. With the 30T Mighty Mini my top speed was about 26mph GPS verified with a very fast pedaling cadence on the 11T cog. That means that if you switch from a 34T to a 30T chainring you lose about 1mph of top speed. You should also expect that with this chain ring you will have a fast pedaling cadence at anything over about 20mph or so. Even though I suffer through my wife's Brazilian Buttlift video weekly I still weigh in at a hefty 200lbs so your builds will probably go faster because you're not fat. Or ugly either.
The Mighty Mini was able to creep up insanely steep slopes using the 32T granny. I could not even find anything steep enough to need the 36T granny, but it's nice to know that it's always there. This is one area the BBS02 really excels at, crawling up really steep slopes in a very low gear. Under high loads, the BBS02 likes to spin fast, not slow. It's much easier on everything in the drive unit and it generates much less heat. You'll have to trust me on that one.
As I expected, I had no chain issues with a 10-speed chain and most of the time I was able to ride in the middle of my cassette, which is always the best place to ride. If you are always in your granny gear then your front chain ring is too big and if you're always on your smallest cog then your front chain ring is too small. Like Goldilocks, for single track this chain ring is just right.
The weight is simply astounding, nothing else I've found even comes close. The Biktrix adapter and 34T Raceface chainring that this replaced weighed in at a hefty 138g, more than twice what the Mighy Mini 30T BBS02 chain ring did.
The torque that you get with the smaller ring is not as noticeable as the 30T mighty mini was with the BBSHD, mostly because the BBS02 is just not as powerful of a drive unit. If you have a BBS02 cargo bike, a tandem with a BBS02 or a singletrack trail machine with a BBS02 then the 30T Mighty Mini is an excellent choice for a front chainring. If you want maximum top speed then you should go for a larger chainring like the Lekkie 42T Bling Ring or even a crap-ass 52T steel factory chainring for the highest top speeds.
As a side note I do NOT recommend the BBS02 for a cargo bike or a tandem. If you can afford it, then spring for a BBSHD drive unit instead. You won't regret it.
Ride On.
Stressful experiences during youth seem to leave a mark on a person's genome decades later, in the form of withered chromosomal caps. As reported in PNAS, childhood stress correlates with increased odds to have shortened telomeres, the chromosome tips that protect essential genes from degradation but that shrink with age. Shortened telomeres have been linked to cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, and early death.
“This is the first large, nationally representative dataset that has looked at this accumulation of stress,” says co-author Eli Puterman, a health psychologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.
The authors used data from the ongoing University of Michigan Health and Retirement Study (HRS), which has been tracking people older than 50 since 1992. The study records 17 possible stressors ranging from the death of a spouse to being wounded in combat to requiring food stamps. The researchers simply totaled up how many stressors each subject experienced.
Of the 20,000 people in the study, 5,808 offered up saliva samples in 2008. From these, HRS researchers used PCR to measure telomere length. The study authors categorized the bottom quartile of telomere length as “short” telomeres, a common practice in epidemiology.
Each additional stressor raised a person's odds of short telomeres by six percent. When the authors analyzed the data with respect to either 10 adult or seven childhood adversities, they found that adult stressful events, alone, did not significantly correlate with telomere length. Every additional childhood event, however, raised chances of short telomeres by 11 percent.
The childhood stressors that correlated most with shorter telomeres were trouble with the law, repeating a grade, being physically abused, and problems due to parent's drug or alcohol use. “Those four seem to be the ones driving a lot of these effects,” says Puterman. Childhood instances of financial strain appeared to have little effect on telomeres.
Unlike previous studies, the new report considered a variety of stressors across lifespan, notes Idan Shalev, a health biologist at the Pennsylvania State University in University Park, not involved in this study. “This confirms what we think about stress in early life, that it can program some of the biological systems permanently, over and above stress and lifestyle behaviors you experience later on.” Scientists suspect that stress might lead to stunted telomeres by wearing down the immune system, or by making epigenetic changes to the genome.
Audrey Tyrka, a psychiatrist and neuroscience researcher at Butler Hospital in Providence, Rhode Island, praised the size and range of adverse items in the study but noted that many kinds of adverse events—such as neglect or parental separation—were absent from the HRS dataset. “I do think if they were able to measure more adversities, there would likely be a stronger effect,” says Tyrka, who was not involved with the research.
It will be important to validate the results in other large study groups, Puterman says. He's also analyzing whether other life factors, such as exercise or diet, could mitigate or compound the effects of stress.
If the pattern holds true, there are societal implications. “We can't really say that people should just pull themselves up by their bootstraps and move on when they've experienced significant adversity,” says Tyrka, “because they're biologically at risk for a whole host of diseases.”
ROSEVILLE, Minn. - Joe's Crab Shack is under fire for using a photo of a black man's execution as table decor.
According to the Minneapolis NAACP, Tyrone Williams and Chauntyll Allen were preparing to dine at Joe's Crab Shack in Roseville on Wednesday night when they noticed a photo embedded inside the table.
It appeared to show a large group of white people watching a public execution of at least one black person. On the bottom of the picture, it reads: "Hanging at Groesbeck, Texas, on April 12th, 1895." At the top, the caption reads, "All I said was that I didn't like the gumbo."
"Although the manager was apologetic about the lynching depiction, that does not change the fact that this sickening image of black men being lynched was intentionally embedded inside of a table," Williams said. "This type of blatant racism should not be tolerated in this country, or in our local and national eating establishments. I have felt sick to my stomach and stressed out since seeing that image on the table where I was planning to eat my food."
Sign up for The Daily Blend Newsletter Thank you Something went wrong. Get a daily e-mail with stories that inform, offer tips, and make you smile. Thank you for signing up for the Daily Blend newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
Allen said she could not believe the image was used so casually.
"Seeing a picture of two black men being lynched was the last thing that I expected to see at what was supposed to be a family-friendly restaurant," Allen said.
Nekima Levy-Pounds, President of the Minneapolis NAACP, said the incident "demonstrates that racism is still alive and well in this country."
"It is sickening to know that someone would make a mockery of black men being savagely lynched and then use that imagery for decorative purposes in a restaurant," Levy-Pounds said in a statement.
The Minneapolis NAACP is demanding an immediate public apology by the corporate offices of Joe's Crabshack; immediate removal "of any and all lynching or otherwise racially-offensive imagery" from its restaurants; and a donation to a local community-based organization that serves African American youths and teenagers.
David Catalano, COO Ignite Restaurant Group, Joe's Crab Shack parent company, said the image was immediately removed and the company understands that the photo used at the Roseville restaurant was offensive.
“We sincerely apologize to our guests who were disturbed by the image and we look forward to continuing to serve the Roseville community,” Catalano said in a statement.
ST. LOUIS — Nearly every presidential debate gets billed as the make-or-break one. They usually aren't.
But the one in St. Louis on Sunday really might be.
It comes after Donald Trump's widely panned performance against Democratic former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the first debate Sept. 26, which raised anew questions about his knowledge and temperament. Post-debate polls gave Clinton that contest by a most 3-to-1.
That was followed by the worst week in Trump's campaign and one of the worst in presidential campaign history — fat-shaming, porn talk, a devastating tax revelation and the forced suspension of fundraising by his charitable foundation.
Then came Friday afternoon's bombshell release of audio from 2005 in which Trump brags about trying to seduce a married woman, groping women and getting away with it because of his fame.
All of which adds up to a must-win imperative for Trump when he takes the stage at Washington University for the second of three scheduled debates.
“I would call it more ‘make' than ‘break,' because he's going to have to overcome that first debate,” said political scientist Dave Robertson of the University of Missouri-St. Louis. “The stakes are higher this time because Trump did so badly last time … and in the week that followed.”
It was a week in which Trump, picking up a thread from the first debate, fat-shamed a former beauty queen; falsely alleged she had a sex tape and implored people to view it; alleged without any evidence that Clinton was an unfaithful wife; physically mocked Clinton's near-collapse from a bout of pneumonia; faced a revelation he lost $916 million in one year and may have avoided taxes almost two decades as a result; and was ordered by New York his to stop fundraising by the Trump Foundation because of improper certification.
There will be a final opportunity for redemption at the third debate Oct. 19 in Las Vegas. But if Trump sets in stone the bullying, policy-bereft narrative of his first debate by repeating it in St. Louis, he may be unable to rewrite it in the four weeks left before Election Day.
For Clinton, the danger Sunday is that Trump will listen to both friends and foes who marveled at how many attack opportunities he missed in their first outing.
To everyone's surprise, Trump said little or nothing about Clinton's vulnerabilities, including her handling of sensitive emails as secretary of state, the Clinton Foundation's alleged conflicts of interest and her labeling of half of Trump's supporters as “deplorable” bigots. The word Benghazi was never uttered.
Whatever mistakes Trump might repeat Sunday, he's unlikely to repeat that one. He said as much in a post-debate interview on Fox News last month.
“(Moderator Lester Holt) didn't ask her about the emails at all. He didn't ask her about her scandals. He didn't ask her about (Benghazi). They were leaving all of her little goodies out,” Trump said. In the second debate, he said, “I may hit her harder in certain ways.”
Friday's leak of what appeared to be excerpts of Clinton's paid speeches and emails from her campaign chairman, John Podesta, are potential fodder for Trump.
At the end of the first debate, Trump congratulated himself on not raising the issue of former President Bill Clinton's sexual controversies — which, of course, in effect raised the issue. He has since hinted that, in the second debate, he might go there.
“Hillary Clinton was married to the single greatest abuser of women in the history of politics,” Trump told the New York Times. “Hillary was an enabler, and she attacked the women who Bill Clinton mistreated afterward … (I)t's something that I'm considering talking about more in the near future.”
Establishment Republicans are terrified he will make good on that threat in Sunday's debate. One called it “the course of action you take when you're trying to lose an election.”
“There's no adviser around Trump who is recommending this as a good course of action,” Republican strategist Brian Walsh told The Hill last week. “It takes you off your core message and into a very sensitive issue that would only exacerbate the gender gap at a time when he's having serious problems getting support from female voters.”
By midweek, that warning seemed to have gotten through, with Trump telling the New York Post that he was back to swearing off the topic. “I want to win this election on my policies for the future, not on Bill Clinton's past,” Trump said in an email to the paper.
On a recent weekend road trip my wife and I managed to make an extra brewery stop at Spilled Grain Brewhouse in Annandale. Located right on Highway 55, amid the “heart of the lakes” area, this place is right along the way for lake travel and summer northwoods adventures. The brewery opened in July of 2015 in an old cabinet factory building that was previously owned by one of the four founders of Powertoolbuzz. This explains why the wood is so well maintained. Taking a cue from that woodworking background, the exterior of the brewery is sided with weathered red barnwood, and the interior is rife with other rustic woods.
Pulling in on a Sunday afternoon, the place was not especially busy–but a few locals and a few other off-season tourists made it not feel empty. The brewery is wide open with high ceilings and plenty of sturdy wooden furniture. A long bar and a scattering of antique details complete the rustic and homey picture of a rural taproom. I was struck by the relaxed vibe and comfort of the space. This was no Swayze-era Roadhouse, nor was it a trendy Nordeast taproom, but somewhere pleasantly in-between.
Our server, Angel (her name, not an actual angel), was incredibly friendly and helpful, though she wouldn't let me get her on film. You'll just have to believe me that she was really there. After perusing the 14 beers on tap (!!!!) we started out with a sampler served on a handled wooden tray reminiscent of a pizza peel.
Head Brewer Jacob Schnabel was kind enough to meet us on his day off to talk about the brewery and beers with us. As we settled into wooden table with our samples, he joined us with a beer of his own and we spent some time discussing varied beer-related subjects. Jacob started out (as most brewers do) as a homebrewer with some additional helpful engineering background. He's now taking professional brewing courses through Siebel to further enhance his knowledge. When asked about the choice of location, Jacob waxed eloquent about his love for the trend toward more small town breweries in the pre-prohibition style. He also mentions the good mix of die-hard locals and other people passing through as a way to keep things interesting. Being on the outskirts of civilization (my wording here!) they find that that they are often at the forefront of beer education for many people in the area. Jacob notes that the most common questions they get from newbies at the taproom are “What's your lightest beer?” And “Do you have an IPA?” He also mentions that he's seen the progression of a lot of these same people over time to taste different beers and move into more challenging styles.
Jacob was in charge of picking out the 3.5 barrel brewhouse during the build-out of the brewery, so he has the equipment he wanted, along with 7 barrel fermenters that require a double brew day to fill up. This is a small system, but allows for experimentation and tweaking of recipes. From my time talking with Jacob, I got a good sense that he's always looking to improve his recipes and process to make the best possible beer. This isn't always the case with breweries once they settle on a recipe and call it done. Being an engineering geek (I say it with love) he's Sciencing (I'm making it a verb OK?) the heck out this brewhouse: doing sensory testing with the staff on new batches; diacetyl testing; using reverse osmosis water and building up salt profiles; and hopes to add a full lab soon. In terms of beer styles Jacob seems to be equal opportunity, but is especially proud of his new Train Wreck Black IPA. When asked about the beers he brews, he says, “I really like to perfect the traditional styles first, before doing different takes on them.” As part of that nod to tradition, his dopplebock was actually brewed a year ago and cellared until now!
I actually tasted my first Spilled Grain beers at the 2017 Winterfest event, when Jacob proudly poured me that aforementioned black IPA. Now, my personal belief is that all black IPA's are a train wreck, so I though the name was pretty appropriate–however, this was one of the better balanced examples I've ever had! Well done sir. Well done. This visit, while we all hung out and talked, Sj and I sipped on a plethora of excellent beer samples. I was impressed by the technical skill that went into each of these beers as well as the basic understanding of each beer style involved. These were not gimmicky beers, they were well balanced examples of what the styles should taste like.
Winner for best beer name was Breastfeeding in Public–a roasty but off-sweet milk stout that will likely never get TTB approval for packaging! The antediluvian Dopplebock was quite well balanced and crisply drinkable but perhaps hid its alcohol too well. The 007 Spy-PA (hey I'm a huge Bond nerd) was fruity, earthy with great floor malted English grain character. This one used Idaho 7 experimental hops (recently named 007: The Golden Hop) and White Labs 007 Dry English Ale yeast. Last was an interesting SMASH beer with mosaic hops had some interesting dank blueberry flavors and ended crisp, bitter and super clean. Jacob tells me that the next in the SMASH series is coming along soon.
Overall, we had a great stop at Spilled Grain Brewhouse. The place had a cool, lived-in and comfortable country vibe, with excellent service and even better beer. I was hoping for a lot based on my preliminary tastes at Winterfest, and was not disappointed once I tried more. Thanks go out to Jacob for spending an hour on a rare day off to meet with us! I foresee good things in the future from Spilled Grain and suggest that you take a little field trip out to visit.
IT WAS never hard to pick out Lemmy in a crowd. First, that black hat, vaguely cowboy in style, with silver medallions round it and crossed Confederate swords. Then very long hair (eventually dyed, or else he looked like Willie Nelson), and matching moustache. A black shirt, often open to a jungle of chest hair, with very tight black jeans. And, to complete the look, cowboy boots. Around the mid-1970s many rock bands and their fans spent Saturday night in something similar. Lemmy, founder in 1975 and frontman of Motörhead, wore that outfit, all the time, for 40 years.
He played the same music, too: fundamentally pure rock and roll, rooted in Buddy Holly and Jerry Lee Lewis, sent through two 100-watt black stacks and classified by the Guinness Book of Records as the loudest rock music ever. Bass was his instrument, but bashed in big up-down chords like the rhythm guitar on which he'd started: the effect was sometimes compared to crushed razor blades, sometimes to showers of gravel. Over this, through a mic tilted perilously over his head, he would rasp out vocals that were hard to hear and usually absurd, he admitted, once you'd made them out: songs about war, drugs, sex, rich people, kicking ass and broken glass, with titles like “Die, You Bastard”, “Antisocial” and “Overkill”, scrawled mostly by him in a few chortling minutes on the back of a cigarette packet.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Motörhead's selling point was not high culture. It was that, in a scene encompassing heavy metal, punk, psychedelia, rockabilly and all the rest, the band played reliable, raw, ear-splitting rock and roll of the old style, and went on doing so round the world—or at least round the M1, M6 and M4—as long as Lemmy lasted. He led the band through 22 studio albums, the latest released in August. Guitarists and drummers came and went, sometimes by falling offstage or through bathroom mirrors they mistook for windows. The black hat with silver bits was a constant.
Surprisingly, the body inside the clothes also stayed much the same, despite serial abuse from chain-smoking, a bottle of Jack Daniel's every day (no health-food shit for him!) and handfuls of acid crammed down like dolly mixtures when, for a while, he was roadie for Jimi Hendrix. Acid, he claimed, made him a better person. It gave you a new angle—several new angles—on things. His shift to amphetamines (“motorhead” was American slang for “speed freak”) came when he joined Hawkwind, a dreamy psychedelic band, in 1972. The pills kept him functional through tours from then on, though he was fired from Hawkwind when he was busted for possession in Canada; and though for one show he had to be propped up, his bass hung on him, and pointed in the rough direction of the audience, which he couldn't see. A doctor once told him that a transfusion would kill him, because his body no longer contained any human blood.
Yet he couldn't imagine a better life than this, and certainly couldn't have foreseen it as a troubled, bullied English boy in north Wales—fiddling to catch Bill Haley on the wireless, messing around with short-lived useless bands, slaving at the Hotpoint factory. In the end he spent his entire career making the music he loved, thrilling fans, trashing hotel rooms, instigating riots with firehoses or squirty cheese, and taking restricted substances. (“If we moved in next door to you,” he remarked, “your lawn would die.”) He was a hedonist son of a bitch whose age seemed very nicely stuck at around 25.
Laid today, gone tomorrow
Meanwhile, girls desperate to bed him formed a disorderly queue at every stage door. The best part of any gig was getting laid afterwards; he estimated his conquests in the thousands, because chicks loved men intent on the wandering life, and it suited him, too, to be here today and gone tomorrow. Nowhere was home (though LA, with its “paradise” palm trees, came closest) and marriage wasn't his style. The one girl he deeply loved died from heroin, making him even more determined not to touch that stuff, at least.
His other regret was that after Motörhead's greatest hit, “Ace of Spades”, had soared to number 15 in the charts in 1980, even the band's fans seemed deaf to the equally good music that came next. Though he was on the road most of the year for 40 years, playing to packed houses, he seemed to be always broke. On the fringes of venues he would loiter by the slot machines (his favourite form of that addiction), hoping someone would buy him a drink.
The big time, however, never came any closer, because he refused to change a thing he did. He wore his usual gear, including the Iron Cross necklace from his treasured collection of Nazi memorabilia, even to the Grammy awards. Nor would he kowtow to any asshole, record company or manager. He remained stubbornly his own man, and not always at full volume. On the road he bought dozens of chocolate Kinder eggs for the little toys inside. He enjoyed pondering the beauty and randomness of Nature. And at lights-out on the tour bus he would settle down to P.G. Wodehouse, quietly happy in his own company. He hoped to be remembered as “an honourable man”. But then, with a throaty laugh, he had to admit there wasn't really any question of that.
Racked is no longer publishing. Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years. The archives will remain available here; for new stories, head over to Vox.com, where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox. You can also see what we're up to by signing up here.
Put down the scissors.
If you're reading this, you're probably about to cut your own hair.
If you're about to cut your own hair, you're probably not emotionally stable.
I say this because every time I've taken my hair into my own hands, it was because I was avoiding dealing with a larger issue. Sometimes, emotional stressors trick you into thinking that a dramatic change to your appearance will make you feel more in control, or give you a new outlook on life.
THAT'S A LIE, GIRL. All it's going to do is give you a shitty haircut and tons of regret.
If you're about to cut your own hair, you're probably not emotionally stable.
I look back on pictures from my younger years and the state of my hair was a direct outward expression of how I was feeling inside, and it wasn't always pretty. I always told myself, "This new hair color or cut is really going to give me an edge and help me grab life by the horns and/or balls."
The reality of it was that it always lead me to spend more time and money on corrective cuts and treatments to try to return my hair to some sort of normal state, once the mania had passed.
However, if you're dead set on taking the scissors to your hair, if there's really nothing I can do to change your fragile mind, then allow me to take your hand and lovingly guide you through this risky and tumultuous process.
A Cleansing Trim
A great cut to attempt at home is a little cleanup cut. It may not seem like it from the start, but trimming off split ends and cleaning up damage throughout can really make all the difference in how your hair looks and behaves, and can extend the length of a cut. Snipping off damage yourself will also prevent split ends from worsening by splitting farther up the strand. If your hair looks healthier, who knows, you may end up feeling a whole lot better and second-guess giving yourself a big chop in the first place.
Take a cleansing breath in, and exhale. Now give this trim a try.
A great cut to attempt at home is a little cleanup cut.
This method will take off just a bit of length while removing damage, weight, and adding a few subtle layers. Starting at the top of the head, divide hair into three equal sections. Gather the hair at the crown of the head and put it in an Ariana Grande-esque half-back ponytail. Make a kissy face in the mirror. See? You're feeling better already.
Gather the hair around the middle section of your head and put that up as well, to get it out of the way. Leave the remaining section down and bring it over your shoulders in two equal parts.
Examine your ends and determine just how much you want to take off.
Remember: Less is more. You can always go back and take off more, but cut too much from the jump, and you're setting yourself up for disaster.
Take your hair between your index and middle fingers in sections about one inch wide and run your hand down to the end of the section of strands until only there's only about an inch of hair fanning out from between your fingers. From here, asses the damage, and how much you feel comfortable taking off.
Remember: Less is more.
The best way to work is to take your sheers, and cut with the blades pointing up toward your chin. This will help you avoid cutting blunt edges and, if you do happen to take off too much length, it will be significantly less noticeable than if you were cutting with the blade horizontally.
Make sure you eat something before this so you'll be working with a steady hand (no, I'm serious) and work slowly. It would probably be beneficial to work with smaller sheers, as well. Try to avoid using full size, orange handled Fiskars and opt for a smaller set like a pair of craft scissors. Even manicure scissors would work great in this case! They're lightweight, feel like a natural extension of your hand, and make it virtually impossible to take off too much.
When you're done with the base layer of hair, take down the middle layer and start again, and then the same with the top portion. This is a great way to keep your length, maintain your current style, while cleaning up your cut.
Dusting
Dusting is a method that cleans up damage and fly-aways throughout your entire head without taking off any length. It's also even less invasive and risky than our first method, if you're not quite ready to take it that far.
Dusting is a method that cleans up damage and fly-aways without taking off any length.
Take an inch wide section of your hair between your index and middle fingers starting around three inches down the strand, level with your eyes. Slowly slide your fingers down the section of the hair toward the ends, keeping a close eye on the horizon that your hair creates when curling over your index finger. Any time a single strand pops up and away from the rest, it means that strand has been damaged and has probably already experienced breakage, causing it to be one of your problem fly-aways. Snip it! You don't need to cut take a lot of it off, an eighth of an inch or so will do.
Another way to dust is take a portion of hair of the same thickness as before and twist it into a fairly tight coil from the end to the root. Any hair you see poking out from the twist can be snipped off by simply running your scissors closely up and down the twist, leaving only healthy strands behind.
The Big Chop
If you really are looking to take off a bit of length and add a bit of natural layering, this is for you.
Gather your hair into a ponytail right in the very front of your head. The pony should be in the middle of your forehead right where your hairline ends and your forehead begins, like a unicorn horn.
Boom, you've got a great new bob and a new outlook on life.
Next, measure where you want your first layer to fall on your face, say it's four inches from your hairline, around your mouth. Take your unicorn ponytail and hold it straight up, measure four inches up from the base, and cut the entire ponytail straight across.
After you've done the big chop, hold the edge of your ponytail toward the mirror and look out at it. Take scissors and point the blade down toward the pony and simply cut into. This creates natural texture and softens any hard edges created by your scissors. You want the end of the ponytail to look like a softly tapered, floofy makeup brush, like you'd use for a translucent powder. No hard edges at the end of the ponytail means there wont be any hard edges in your new haircut.
Take the ponytail down, clean up any unevenness, and boom, you've got a great new bob and a new outlook on life.
Neighbors rushed to the rescue of a 10-year-old boy and a 19-year-old man who were inside an East Hartford home when fire broke out overnight.
Fire officials said flames broke out at 64/66 Saunders Street shortly after midnight Tuesday.
Before firefighters arrived on scene, two neighbors helped pull the 10-year-old and 19-year-old from a window.
Susan Campbell was one of those neighbors and described the moment she pushed up a window and helped both the victims escape.
2 Rescued From East Hartford Fire
(Published Tuesday, April 18, 2017)
“He screamed and cried. I said 'Come here,' and I pulled him out and then I said there was another person in the room saying. 'I can't see anything, I can't see anything.' So I reached in there. I couldn't quite reach him. I put my body in and I couldn't breathe. so I pulled myself out. And I still had my cell phone, I said, 'Look at the light, look at the light, reach for my hand, reach for my hand.' And he reached far enough that I could grab his hand and pull him to the window,” she said.
Campbell and another neighbor were able to lift the teen out of the home. Both victims were taken to the hospital to be treated for smoke inhalation and are expected to recover.
A firefighter was also taken to the hospital for heat exhaustion, fire officials said. That firefighter was in stable condition as of 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Fire officials said there were heavy flames on the second and third floors of the multi-family home when firefighters arrived. Firefighters struck a second alarm and it took about an hour and a half to get the fire under control.
An uncle of the two young men was also in the home at the time, but was able to self-evacuate. Officials were trying to reach the victims' mother, who they believe was at work at the time.
Two families are currently displaced and the cause of the fire is under investigation.
Campbell said she's just glad she was in the right place at the right time.
“I'm just really, really grateful that we heard it and that I was able to get the kids out, and the windows weren't locked and that I was able to help them because it could have gone the other way with only a few more minutes. It was really, it was coming out the one window by the time we even saw it,” she said.
Tired of watching our so-called leaders aspire to mediocrity, and fall short? Join the rest of us.
Remember when Tony Abbott won the Liberal leadership by a single vote and said he reckoned he could win the next election? Remember how we all laughed and laughed? Good times.
Then he fucking won, and we knew it would be terrible, but as bad as we thought it was going to be, the reality ended up being so much worse.
The first budget was when it all came crashing home. Abbott and Hockey, denied the focus of their collective tantrum when Rudd finally overthrew That Woman, thought that losing the election slightly less than Rudd gave them a mandate to break everyone's toys. The poor, disabled, indigenous, sick, unemployed, disadvantaged and young were punished for being the playthings of what we laughably call “the left”.
Such is the Abbott government's capacity for self delusion, they're still bewildered by the strength of the backlash over that first budget. As Shorten turned over and mumbled at the alarm clock a bit, grassroots Australians turned out in their thousands to protest. The reaction was so strong that Abbott came within inches of losing the Prime Ministership. Our Minister for Looking Cool in Leather Jackets danced and twinkled across the top of a wave of outrage, and came within a heartbeat of control of the party.
But it's politics, and factional alliances would rather be dead than right, so Abbott clung on to the sinking ship and all he's had to do to stay there is convinced an all too compliant Bill Shorten to lash their masts together.
We're two years in now, the second coalition budget was marginally less destructive than the first and outrage is too exhausting to maintain for years on end. Numpty fatigue has set in.
Politics has always made a welcome home for the venal and mendacious, but past leaders seemed to require something more than an egomaniacal lust for power — and I don't think that's just nostalgia speaking. Leaders had to have some modicum of charisma and intelligence, or at least the ability to fake those things to get to the top of the stinking pile.
When we bemoan the loss of Keating, it's not because he was a model of moral rectitude or benevolent perfection — he wasn't. But even his most vehement opponents would never have thought to question his ability to understand or articulate his government's policies. It should be truly terrifying that the people given responsibility for managing a national economy don't even seem to have a grasp on the basics, but the metronomic battering of idiocy is so constant that it's just faded into background noise.
Laura Tingle called the Prime Minister a fool and an idiot a while back and no one really noticed. Think about that for a minute. One of the senior members of the Canberra Press Gallery and a person of some considerable gravitas, called a sitting Prime Minister an idiot in the Australian Financial Review — which despite its insistence on publishing Mark Latham, likes to think of itself as a Serious Publication for Serious People — and no one cared. No one complained about the lack of respect for the office if not the man, no one stepped forward to defend him or refute her arguments. Even Greg Sheridan kept schtum. Because the truth is, we all know he's an idiot. Even his supporters accept the premise that their leader is an idiot, because what alternative do they have? He is Kennett without the courage, Howard without the brains and Fraser without the heart. Despite that, he will lead the coalition to the next election and my guess is that he will probably win, because (and may all the gods save me from ever having to write this sentence again) Abbott was right. All they needed to do was ride out the swell of outrage after the first budget and malevolent buffoonery became the new normal. The rage of 2013 has sullenly ceded ground to apathy and despair, there is no viable alternative, and that will be enough to win Abbott the next election.
It used to make me angry, but now I'm just tired. Tired of watching our so-called leaders aspire to mediocrity and fall short. Tired of watching them wrap the tattered costume of good government around their failure and rebrand it as success. Tired of watching the alleged leader of a moribund Opposition link arms with Abbott and march proudly down the path of the least resistance. Tired of being too tired to be angry.
Because there is so much to be angry about.
By any standards, a high suicide rate in a community has got to be a pretty damn good indicator that something is severely wrong. The Kimberly region has one of the highest suicide rates of any nation on the planet. Most of those suicides are, of course, Aboriginal people suffering the loss of their culture, their kin, their past and their future.
The recent Amnesty International report on indigenous youth incarceration in Australia found that while Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander young people make up just over 5 per cent of the Australian population of 10 to 17-year-olds, they make up 59 per cent of people in youth detention. As Charlie Pickering said, we are in danger of losing another generation — but Abbott's funding cuts roll ever on and Aboriginal Legal Service's Custody Notification Service is just one of the many services, proven to save lives and dollars, that will lose its funding at the end of this month.
Asylum seekers, under what could laughably be called the “care” of the Australian government continue to suffer and die, and such is Abbott's ideological dissonance, he proudly spruiks our atrocities to the world while enacting legislation that criminalises disclosure of those atrocities. His government blithely ignores evidence of corruption and illegal brutality (as opposed to the brutality they've been hurriedly decriminalising) and demands the resignation of Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs with sincere outrage.
Australian women are being murdered at a rate of two a week, most of them by men who claimed to love them, and while Abbott mouths platitudes in response to Dorothy Dixers from the Leader of the Opposition, he is defunding refuges and refusing aid to the few agencies that are able to offer help to women in danger.
The United Nations takes Australia to task for “withdrawing from the community of nations seeking to tackle dangerous climate change”, but Abbott is still bragging about removing the price on carbon and gifting the Galilee Basin to Gina Reinhart and presiding over the final destruction of the Great Barrier Reef. Because intellectual rigor is suspect and science is the work of the Other Side.
Rich people should be excluded from tax office requirements because of their riches; Human Rights Commissioners should resign if they speak actively about human rights; poor people should just get high paying jobs and stop being poor; ministerial fiat will fix terrorism; putting a price signal on primary medical care will reduce the cost of health care; superannuation is only a tax dodge if you're rich but we can't afford to keep paying pensions to the poor; unemployment is increasing; the housing bubble is getting bigger; relations with our nearest international neighbours are getting shakier, and the list goes on and on. And on.
The most damaging thing this triumph of malignant inadequacy has given Australia is a deathly torpor. It will cost lives and steal futures, but the weight of it will crush all opposition and that's really all it needs to succeed. However bad things are now, they will almost certainly get worse. A moribund Opposition and an exhausted electorate will not be enough to stop them.
–
Jane Gilmore is a Melbourne-based writer and editor. She blogs at janegilmore.com, and tweets from @janetribune
Feature image by Stefan Postles, for Getty.
Originally published Sunday, December 4, 2005 at 12:00 AM
E-mail article Print Share
Sometimes people in law enforcement will hear it whispered that I'm a former cop who favors decriminalization of marijuana laws, and they'll...
Sometimes people in law enforcement will hear it whispered that I'm a former cop who favors decriminalization of marijuana laws, and they'll approach me the way they might a traitor or snitch. So let me set the record straight.
Yes, I was a cop for 34 years, the last six of which I spent as chief of Seattle's police department.
But no, I don't favor decriminalization. I favor legalization, and not just of pot but of all drugs, including heroin, cocaine, meth, psychotropics, mushrooms and LSD.
Decriminalization, as my colleagues in the drug-reform movement hasten to inform me, takes the crime out of using drugs but continues to classify possession and use as a public offense, punishable by fines.
I've never understood why adults shouldn't enjoy the same right to use verboten drugs as they have to suck on a Marlboro or knock back a scotch and water.
Prohibition of alcohol fell flat on its face. The prohibition of other drugs rests on an equally wobbly foundation. Not until we choose to frame responsible drug use — not an oxymoron in my dictionary — as a civil liberty will we be able to recognize the abuse of drugs, including alcohol, for what it is: a medical, not a criminal, matter.
As a cop, I bore witness to the multiple lunacies of the "war on drugs." Lasting far longer than any other of our national conflicts, the drug war has been prosecuted with equal vigor by Republican and Democratic administrations, with one president after another — Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush — delivering sanctimonious sermons, squandering vast sums of taxpayer money and cheerleading law enforcers from the safety of the sidelines.
It's not a stretch to conclude that our Draconian approach to drug use is the most injurious domestic policy since slavery. Want to cut back on prison overcrowding and save a bundle on the construction of new facilities? Open the doors, let the nonviolent drug offenders go. The huge increases in federal and state prison populations during the 1980s and '90s (from 139 per 100,000 residents in 1980 to 482 per 100,000 in 2003) were mainly for drug convictions. In 1980, 580,900 Americans were arrested on drug charges. By 2003, that figure had ballooned to 1,678,200. We're making more arrests for drug offenses than for murder, manslaughter, forcible rape and aggravated assault combined. Feel safer?
I've witnessed the devastating effects of open-air drug markets in residential neighborhoods: children recruited as runners, mules and lookouts; drug dealers and innocent citizens shot dead in firefights between rival traffickers bent on protecting or expanding their markets; dedicated narcotics officers tortured and killed in the line of duty; prisons filled with nonviolent drug offenders; and drug-related foreign policies that foster political instability, wreak health and environmental disasters, and make life even tougher for indigenous subsistence farmers in places such as Latin America and Afghanistan. All because we like our drugs — and can't have them without breaking the law.
As an illicit commodity, drugs cost and generate extravagant sums of (laundered, untaxed) money, a powerful magnet for character-challenged police officers.
Although small in numbers of offenders, there isn't a major police force — the Los Angeles Police Department included — that has escaped the problem: cops, sworn to uphold the law, seizing and converting drugs to their own use, planting dope on suspects, robbing and extorting pushers, taking up dealing themselves, intimidating or murdering witnesses.
In declaring a war on drugs, we've declared war on our fellow citizens. War requires "hostiles" — enemies we can demonize, fear and loathe. This unfortunate categorization of millions of our citizens justifies treating them as dope fiends, less than human. That grants political license to ban the exchange or purchase of clean needles or to withhold methadone from heroin addicts motivated to kick the addiction.
President Bush has even said no to medical marijuana. Why would he want to "coddle" the enemy? Even if the enemy is a suffering AIDS or cancer patient for whom marijuana promises palliative, if not therapeutic, powers.
As a nation, we're long overdue for a soul-searching, coldly analytical look at both the "drug scene" and the drug war. Such candor would reveal the futility of our current policies, exposing the embarrassingly meager return on our massive enforcement investment (about $69 billion a year, according to Jack Cole, founder and executive director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition).
How would "regulated legalization" work? It would:
• Permit private companies to compete for licenses to cultivate, harvest, manufacture, package and peddle drugs.
• Create a new federal regulatory agency (with no apologies to libertarians or paleo-conservatives).
• Set and enforce standards of sanitation, potency and purity.
• Ban advertising.
• Impose (with congressional approval) taxes, fees and fines to be used for drug-abuse prevention and treatment and to cover the costs of administering the new regulatory agency.
• Police the industry much as alcoholic-beverage-control agencies keep a watch on bars and liquor stores at the state level. Such reforms would in no way excuse drug users who commit crimes: driving while impaired, providing drugs to minors, stealing an iPod, assaulting one's spouse, abusing one's child. The message is simple. Get loaded, commit a crime, do the time.
These reforms would yield major reductions in a host of predatory street crimes, a disproportionate number of which are committed by users who resort to stealing in order to support their addiction.
Regulated legalization would soon dry up most stockpiles of currently illicit drugs — substances of uneven, often questionable quality (including "bunk," i.e., fakes such as oregano, gypsum, baking powder or even poisons passed off as the genuine article). It would extract from today's drug dealing the obscene profits that attract the needy and the greedy and fuel armed violence. And it would put most of those certifiably frightening crystal meth labs out of business once and for all.
Combined with treatment, education and other public-health programs for drug abusers, regulated legalization would make your city or town an infinitely healthier place to live and raise a family.
It would make being a cop a much safer occupation, and it would lead to greater police accountability and improved morale and job satisfaction.
But wouldn't regulate legalization lead to more users and, more to the point, drug abusers? Probably, though no one knows for sure — our leaders are too timid even to broach the subject in polite circles, much less to experiment with new policy models. My own prediction? We'd see modest increases in use, negligible increases in abuse.
The demand for illicit drugs is as strong as the nation's thirst for bootleg booze during Prohibition. It's a demand that simply will not dry up. Whether to find God, heighten sex, relieve pain, drown one's sorrows or simply feel good, people throughout the millenniums have turned to mood- and mind-altering substances.
They're not about to stop, no matter what their government says or does. It's time to accept drug use as a right of adult Americans, treat drug abuse as a public-health problem and end the madness of an unwinnable war.
Norm Stamper is the former Seattle police chief and author of "Breaking Rank: A Top Cop's Exposé of the Dark Side of American Policing" (Nation Books, 2005). He is an advisory board member of LEAP (Law Enforcement Against Prohibition), www.leap.cc
“My name is Max. My world is fire. And blood.”
A lot has changed since George Miller's first Mad Max film back in 1979. Firstly, Mel Gibson is no longer the star in the latest film in the ozploitation franchise that kick-started his career. Instead he's been replaced by Tom Hardy who does the whole tough and silent wanderer thing almost as well as Gibson. Secondly, the world of action films has changed considerably since the late 70's/early 80's; with only a rare few still favouring practical effects. Nowadays it's almost a given that a films action and stunts are to be done with tons of CGI and fake sets. Not Mad Max: Fury Road though, oh no George Miller instead goes down the 80's route and smashes real cars, creating real explosions and probably breaking a few bones in the process. And it's awesome.
The plot of Fury Road could be written in a few words; bad guys chase good guys. That's pretty much it. After Max (and his interceptor) are captured by villain Immortan Joe (Hugh Keays-Byrne, formally Mad Max villain Toe Cutter) he teams up with escaping Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron) as she tries to smuggle out Joe's ‘breeders' and escape across the wasteland back to the green place where Furiosa was born. But Joe and his suicidal War Boy's are in hot pursuit, effectively turning the whole film in to one long awesome chase. Like the past Mad Max films, Miller really doesn't skimp on the practical effects and the results are brilliant. Most of the time is spent in Furiosa's War Rig, a giant armoured tanker truck, with Joe's forces attacking from all angles. These scenes resemble the third act of The Road Warrior but amped up by 1000%. Even the vehicles have become even more ridiculous, with some of the best being the People Eater's Mercedes limousine truck thing and the Doof Warrior's Doof Wagon, which is basically a stage on wheels for the Doof Warrior to play thrash metal on his flame-thrower/guitar thing. It's as ridiculous and as amazing as it sounds, and the film never really loses it's wild pace. Plus, most of the things you see in the film were achieved with practical effects. This really helps the film, giving it a brutal realistic edge missing from a lot of action films. Real cars crumple and explode and a lot of the time we can see it's actually Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron doing the stunts, which also helps a bunch as it adds that visceral touch that keeps you on the edge of your seat. Miller films all of it in a clear concise way, and you can follow it all with ease, none of that over the top, ADHD-style shaky cam here. He throws the action at the audience thick and fast but manages to keep each set piece feeling diverse, from the beautiful multi-coloured sandstorm to the blue tint of the night-time quagmire, which are all a glorious feast for the eyes and a toll on the adrenaline. Sure, there are quiet bits to forward the plot but they are well written, often being funny and usually giving us an insight into the world of Mad Max.
Within all the carnage the actors also do a great job. Acting in a Mad Max film isn't Shakespeare but it brings its own set of challenges. Apparently filming was pretty torturous but it probably helped as the actors do a great job conveying the sense of loss and world weariness that you would expect in a post apocalyptic landscape. Hardy does a good job as Max, perhaps not quite beating Mel Gibson, but he puts his own spin on things simultaneously becoming both a tougher and more vulnerable Max. Theron is especially great as Furiosa and she really manges to get the badass role down and is a refreshing take on your typical action movie female character. And between her and Hardy they quickly become one of the best action duos of cinema history. Also awesome is Keays-Byrne as Immortan Joe, perhaps even surpassing his own character Toecutter as the best Mad Max villain. The film's soundtrack is as outstanding and diverse as it's actors and action, ranging from drums to kick ass guitar to an emotional orchestral score.
The Bottom Line: Without hyperbole, Mad Max: Fury Road is the best action film of the decade and probably the best of this century. The action, performances, and the soundtrack are all pitch perfect. It's weird to think back in 2012/2013 we were worried about the state of this film because when you see the finished product you'll wonder how an action film could be more perfect. You owe it to yourself and the R rated movie industry to see it as many times as you can.
Reviewed By Tom
A white father-of-four has confessed to setting his own car on fire and painting a racial slur on their garage door in a staged hate crime.
David and Jenny Williams from Denton, Texas, woke up to find their truck and motorcycle ablaze and the vile slur 'n***** lovers' scrawled across their garage door in spray paint on December 12.
Police deemed the incident a hate crime and launched an arson investigation while well-wishers donated money to the family to help repair the damage.
On Tuesday, Mrs Williams however revealed it was her husband who had started the fire.
David Williams, a white father-of-four, has confessed to spraying this racial slur on his own garage door as part of a staged hate crime
'David confessed to spray painting our garage door and starting the fire at our home,' she wrote in a Facebook post to friends.
Mr Williams, 34, had been checked in to a 'mental facility', she said, and would be arrested upon his release.
'My heart is heavy, and I have more questions then answers. My children and I are in a state of shock and sadness,' the 35-year-old said.
The 34-year-old also set the family's truck and motorcycle on fire, his wife Jenny (left together) said
A GoFund Me page set up by the family's friends after the incident had stopped taking donations, she added, and all donations given before her revelation will be returned.
In a blog post last week, the mother-of-four described the apparent vandalism in great detail.
She told how she woke up with her sleeping husband next to her to the sounds of a neighbor banging on their door to tell them their truck was on fire.
'We woke the children before we knew the house itself wasn't on fire. In the middle of the night it is hard to tell the difference between smoke and steam.
'The kids and I gathered in the living room waiting for word of all clear or evacuate,' Mrs Williams said.
The couple alerted police on December 12 after waking up in the middle of the night to find their truck ablaze
Their Harley-Davidson was also set on fire in the apparent 'hate crime'
Mrs Williams said her husband had checked into a 'mental facility' and would later be arrested
She vowed to return all the money raised through a GoFundMe page set up by friends
Once police and firefighters arrived at the house, they discovered the racial slur scrawled on the garage door.
The couple said their insurance would not cover the entire cost of the damage
'It is considered a hate crime because of what was painted on the garage door. Yes, we are white.
'It just so happens that we aren't as racist as someone would like us to be,' Mrs Williams wrote.
Denton Police were not available to verify Mrs Williams' claim her husband had confessed on Saturday.
No motive has been suggested. The couple repeatedly told how their insurance would not cover the damage in total after the fire.
A GoFundMe page set up by Mr Williams's sister and a friend of the family has raise more than $5,000.
'The kids won't be able to have anything under the Christmas tree due to this horrible act.
The banner that became a focal point of David Moyes's struggles at Manchester United manager has now been removed.
'The Chosen One' sign has hung from the Stretford End at Old Trafford since August but has been taken down ahead of the weekend's game with Norwich.
Stretford End Flags, which had the banner made, may donate it to the National Football Museum in Manchester.
The banner was made after Sir Alex Ferguson anointed Moyes as his successor before quitting last May.
Donating the banner to a museum is one of a number of options following its removal
A Stretford End Flags spokesman previously told BBC Sport that donating the banner was one of a number of options under consideration.
There had been intense debate over whether the banner should have remained as long as it did.
Fans who were openly critical of the former Everton boss called for its removal in the wake of a succession of damaging defeats.
Those were resisted, but following Tuesday's sacking of Moyes it has now been removed.
A National Football Museum spokesman said: "Every object within our collection needs to fit within our strict collections guidelines.
"We are offered objects on a regular basis and, while we are always grateful for these offers, we often have to decline for reasons of space and because it doesn't fit within our guidelines."
A pre-dawn fire in the Philippines raced through public market stalls, killing 15 people, including six children, who were sleeping there to be up early for the weekend crowds.
A pre-dawn fire in the Philippines raced through public market stalls, killing 15 people, including six children, who were sleeping there to be up early for the weekend crowds.
Thirteen other people were injured in the three-hour blaze in Zamboanga city, a major port about 540 miles south of Manila, the capital.
It apparently started when sparks from low-slung electric post cables set fire to pavement stall umbrellas then ignited stacks of used clothing being sold at the city market, said police Senior Superintendent Angelito Casimiro.
The victims were clothes sellers who slept at their stalls, including at least six children, so they could be up early for the weekend market that usually draws large crowds, said police investigator Rafael Salcedo.
"One vendor saw the electrical sparks set a stall umbrella on fire, but many were asleep and the others thought somebody was just playing a prank until the fire started to spread," he said.
The victims' bodies were taken to a nearby Muslim mosque prior to burial, he said.
Firefighters, who have been on alert along with police for All Saints' Day ceremonies in the predominantly Roman Catholic nation, prevented the blaze from spreading to nearby commercial buildings.
Mr Salcedo said that daily blackouts might have caused power fluctuations, but Bureau of Fire investigators would decide whether officers in charge of fire safety could be criminally liable.
Dilapidated buildings, a lack of adequate fire safety systems and inspectors, and weak enforcement of fire safety regulations have contributed to many fires in the Philippines.
In 1996, a disco fire killed 162 people, mostly students celebrating the end of the school year in one of the deadliest nightclub fires in the world.
Press Association
CIA Informant Posed As A Would-Be Bomber To Foil Underwear Bomb Plot
A new key detail has emerged in the foiled underwear bomb plot: NPR's Dina Temple-Raston reports that a CIA informant posed as a suicide bomber in order to persuade the al-Qaida branch in Yemen to hand over a new, more sophisticated underwear bomb.
The Los Angeles Times was the first to report the news. The paper adds that the operation was a joint effort between the CIA and Saudi Arabian intelligence and once the informant received the bomb, he "arranged to deliver the explosive device to U.S. and other intelligence authorities waiting in another country, officials said Tuesday."
Officials have said that the bomber had been instructed by al-Qaida to choose a U.S.-bound flight to target but that the bomber, who we now know was a double agent, had not yet bought his tickets.
The informant is safe outside Yemen and the bomb is at the FBI's explosives lab in Quantico, Va. The bomb — a new, nonmetallic device designed in order to evade airport security — is thought to be the work of al-Qaida's top bomb maker, a 28-year-old Saudi named Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri.
Dina reports that the bomb "bears the hallmarks of Asiri's work, and appears to be an effort to improve on technology" used during the failed plot to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day in 2009.
The Times adds:
"The operation had an added benefit, however. It produced intelligence that helped U.S. authorities finally locate Fahd Mohammed Ahmed Quso, a top Al Qaeda operative in Yemen. Quso had been on the FBI's most wanted list for his alleged involvement in the bombing of the guided missile destroyer USS Cole in a Yemeni port in 2000. The FBI had offered a $5-million bounty for information leading to his capture. "On Sunday, a CIA drone aircraft fired a missile that killed Quso as he stepped out of his car in Yemen, U.S. officials said."
Update at 6:54 p.m. ET. Informant Travelled Through the UAE:
The New York Times is reporting that the double agent infiltrated the terrorist group and after spending "weeks at the center of the terrorist network's most dangerous affiliate, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula," he was handed the bomb with a mission. The informant then turned over the bomb to U.S. intelligence and was also able to direct a strike on Quso.
The Times adds:
by Andrew Sacher
photo: Hop Along at Baby's All Right in May (more by Amanda Hatfield)
As previously discussed, Modest Mouse are heading back out on tour soon, and now an opener for several of the dates has been announced: Hop Along. That's a pretty great match — if you like Modest Mouse's style of indie rock and want to see a younger band working in that realm, Hop Along are one of the best right now. The MM/HA tour doesn't hit NYC, but includes Connecticut (10/21), Long Island (10/22), and more.
As you may know, Hop Along do have a headlining NYC show on December 12 at Bowery Ballroom with Radiator Hospital and Des Ark (tickets).
Updated dates are listed below…
—
Hop Along — 2015 Tour Dates
9/19: Toronto, ON @ Lee's Palace #
9/20: Toronto, ON @ Toronto Urban Roots Festival
10/13: Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium *
10/14: Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium *
10/16: Columbus, OH @ LC Pavillion *
10/19: Burlington, VT @ Memorial Auditorium *
10/20: Portland, ME @ Cross Insurance Arena *
10/21: New Haven, CT @ College Street Music Hall *
10/22: Long Island, NY @ The Space at Westbury *
10/24: Norfolk, VA @ Constant Convocation Center *
10/26: Charlotte, NC @ Uptown Theatre *
10/28: Alpharetta, GA @ Verizon Wireless Ampitheatre at Encore Park *
12/12: New York, NY @ Bowery Ballroom ^
* = w/ Modest Mouse
# = w/ Desaparecidos
^ = w/ Radiator Hospital + Des Ark
What will Democrats' election security task force recommend?
PROGRAMMING NOTE — Due to the July Fourth holiday, Morning Cybersecurity will not publish on Monday July 3 and Tuesday July 4. Our next Morning Cybersecurity will publish on Wednesday July 5.
TASKING A TASK FORCE — House Democrats on Thursday vowed that a new election security task force would develop recommendations to help harden the country's election systems before Russia's cyber agents return in 2018.
Story Continued Below
The new panel — which will hold hearings, collect data on state-level election hacks, and interview election officials and cybersecurity experts — is likely welcome news for those who have been raising red flags for months that the nation must take action or risk leaving the electoral process exposed to even more devastating hacks in 2018 and 2020.
Various digital security experts, numerous lawmakers and some former Obama administration cyber officials have called on the federal government to earmark financial aid for state and local election offices to replace aging machines or upgrade their digital defenses. Many of these specialists are adamant that the country needs to invest in paper balloting systems or electronic voting machines with a physical paper trail. And voting integrity advocates say a post-election audit would help ensure that potential vote manipulation doesn't go unnoticed.
In a study released Thursday, the Brennan Center for Justice tried to put a price tag on some of these suggestions. The report estimates that it would cost between $130 million and $400 million to replace all paperless voting machines. The center also estimated that a nationwide audit would cost between $1 million and $5 million annually.
And on Capitol Hill, lawmakers pushed for some of these changes on Thursday. Rep. Derek Kilmer sent DHS Secretary John Kelly a letter noting that former DHS chief Jeh Johnson supports a bipartisan bill that would set up a federal cyber grant program for states. Elsewhere, Rep. Mike Quigley introduced an amendment to an appropriations bill that would preserve and fund the Election Assistance Commission, which offers states voluntary assistance on running elections. Republicans have looked to ax the EAC, arguing it is outdated, but proponents say the commission can help states digitally secure their elections.
The task force's timeline is unclear and its first meetings have not yet been set. For now, only Democrats are involved, but House Homeland Security Committee ranking member Bennie Thompson — who will lead the group with Rep. Robert Brady, the House Administration Committee's top Democrat — said Republicans were “absolutely welcome” to join. Read our full story here.
HAPPY FRIDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! Tim is still down for the count, so the three-headed beast returns for another turn at the MC helm. Send your thoughts, feedback and especially tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro, and @MorningCybersec. Full team info is below.
WE SEE WHAT YOU'RE REALLY UP TO — The malware that raced from Ukraine and Russia to Germany and the United States on Tuesday was not really ransomware, despite outward appearances, according to a growing chorus of cyber experts analyzing this week's massive digital scourge. While the malicious software does corrupt victims' computers and demand ransom payments to set them free, the malware's authors are unable to actually decrypt their victims' hard drives, according to Kaspersky Lab. “This supports the theory that this malware campaign was not designed as a ransomware attack for financial gain,” Kaspersky researchers said in a blog post Thursday. “Instead, it appears it was designed as a wiper” — a destructive attack that erases data — “pretending to be ransomware.”
The assessment that the malware was only pretending to be a ransom virus, which first gained currency on Wednesday as experts analyzed its wiper component, suggests that whoever created the worm wanted to wreak havoc, not earn a profit. Kaspersky offered evidence to support this theory, noting that “at least 50 percent of the companies being attacked are manufacturing and oil and gas enterprises.” The Ukrainian government's working theory, an official told Reuters, is that the virus was aimed at crippling infrastructure. Ukraine's main security agency on Thursday announced that it was partnering with the FBI, Europol and the U.K.'s National Crime Agency to identify “the attack sources, its executors, organizers and paymasters.”
Motive aside, the malware's effects continue to linger as some of its victims struggle to recover from Tuesday's attack and bring their systems back online. Attorneys at the global law firm DLA Piper have requested filing extensions in several cases because their work email and document management systems are still down. The global advertising firm WPP said some of its computer systems were still affected, though it said it was making “steady progress” in restoring them. And the disruption at international shipping giant Maersk could have serious ripple effects for global trade.
DRIP, DRIP — “Before the 2016 presidential election, a longtime Republican opposition researcher mounted an independent campaign to obtain emails he believed were stolen from Hillary Clinton's private server, likely by Russian hackers,” The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday night. “In conversations with members of his circle and with others he tried to recruit to help him, the GOP operative, Peter W. Smith, implied he was working with retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn, at the time a senior adviser to then-candidate Donald Trump.” Flynn later became Trump's national security adviser, but was forced to resign for lying about his discussions with a Russian official during the transition regarding sanctions the Obama administration imposed on Moscow for hacking the 2016 U.S. election.
ANOTHER AGENCY COMPLETES CYBER EO REPORT — The Department of Commerce has completed a report on international cybersecurity priorities mandated by Trump's cyber executive order, and its focus is on harmonizing digital security rules and ensuring internet stability. “Our report is in with the White House. They are reviewing it now,” Adam Sedgewick, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross's senior cyber adviser, said Thursday at a meeting of a government cyber advisory group. Commerce's cyber goals, Sedgewick said at the meeting of the technical standards agency NIST's Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board, include “ensuring that cybersecurity approaches and policies are globally relevant,” “advocating for U.S. cybersecurity products and services internationally” and “enhancing global internet stability and security.”
Commerce's approach was to consider its international engagement efforts “more from a mission perspective and then highlight what are the programs that then support those priorities,” said Sedgewick, who is on detail to Ross' staff from NIST, where he serves as a senior IT policy adviser. The Commerce Department has staff in more than 86 countries, he said, with personnel representing a wide range of bureaus and agencies, from NIST to the International Trade Administration. “Bringing together the bureaus and the diverse mission of these bureaus to have consistent policies has been a multi-year effort,” Sedgewick said.
Trump's cyber order “provides us an opportunity to think about what has changed and where do we need to go from here,” Jordana Siegel, director of international affairs at the Department of Homeland Security's cyber wing, said during her presentation with Sedgewick. “The risk environment is increasingly complex,” Siegel said, and the question is how to manage that risk — and how to work with foreign governments that have chosen different ways to manage it. Trump's directive required the departments of Commerce, Defense, Treasury, State and Homeland Security to submit their reports by Sunday. The Pentagon is still working on its report, while Treasury has submitted its document.
MORE DEETS ON SENATE DEFENSE BILL — The legislative text of the Senate Armed Services Committee's annual defense policy bill likely won't be available until after the July 4 recess, but the measure's cyber provisions are starting to bubble up. The sprawling policy roadmap meets the Trump administration's $647 million request for U.S. Cyber Command, panel staff told reporters on Thursday. It also contains a provision from Sen. Joni Ernst that would force the Pentagon to track the digital abilities at both the National Guard and Reserve. Another provision would require DoD to create a joint training program for its Cyber Mission Force in the next budget planning cycle. Meanwhile, Sen. Elizabeth Warren snagged an additional $10 million for the Cyber Resiliency for Weapons Systems program, which identifies vulnerabilities in current and existing weapons systems.
PYONGYANG PENALTIES — The Trump administration on Thursday imposed sanctions on a Chinese bank, accusing it of laundering money for North Korea. The punishment — which also includes penalizing two Chinese individuals — is part of the Trump administration's changing approach to China. Trump initially signaled that he would try to cooperate with Beijing to try to curb Pyongyang's increasingly bellicose behavior, which includes a series of missile tests and allegedly a global ransomware attack that seized hundreds of thousands of computer networks across well over 100 countries.
Digital security specialists say Chinese assistance — financial or not — has historically enabled North Korea's hacking operations by providing network bandwidth and even physical space for thousands of Pyongyang digital warriors to launch attacks. Lawmakers have argued that sanctioning Beijing may be an effective way to slow down the boxed-in regime's rapidly burgeoning cyber program. Sen. Cory Gardner, who chairs a Foreign Relations subpanel on East Asia, the Pacific and international cybersecurity, applauded the move. “The road to stop Pyongyang lies through Beijing,” the Colorado Republican said in a statement. “China can inflict serious diplomatic pressure and economic damage to Kim Jong-un's reprehensible regime.” Gardner previously authored a North Korea sanctions bill that became law last year.
MEXICO HACKING CONTROVERSY WIDENS — Several of Mexico's top opposition leaders, journalists and human rights advocates were targeted by spyware sold exclusively to governments, according to the experts at Citizen Lab. The spyware, called Pegasus, is made by the Israeli-based NSO Group, which claims to peddle its wares only to government agencies for use against criminals and terrorists. The internet watchdog group, which exposed the eavesdropping effort earlier this month, doesn't say who was responsible for deploying the software, but notes that victims were targeted around the same time that Mexico's Congress was debating anti-corruption legislation.
WE'VE ALMOST SECURED THE TOASTERS — The National Telecommunications and Information Administration will update the public on its efforts to improve the security of internet-connected devices during a virtual meeting next month. NTIA is leading the government's work to identify and resolve internet of things cybersecurity issues, including how those products should be tested. The agency has been meeting with companies and security experts to design guidelines. During the July 18 teleconference and webinar, announced in a forthcoming Federal Register notice, NTIA will “share progress from the working groups and hear feedback from the broader stakeholder community.”
RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — “The Senate on Thursday approved tweaks to its bipartisan package of sanctions on Russia and Iran, ending a delay of the bill.” … Trump will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G-20 summit next week in Germany, but White House officials would not say whether hacking will be discussed. … A bipartisan bill introduced in both chambers on Thursday would direct the government to develop voluntary cyber hygiene standards.
The bipartisan leaders of the House Russia probe threatened to subpoena the White House to obtain any recordings of interactions between Trump and former FBI Director James Comey. … House Oversight and Judiciary Democrats want the DOJ's inspector general to investigate whether Attorney General Jeff Sessions violated his recusal when he recommended the firing of Comey. … The European Union's encryption report will come out by October. … The Trump administration is ramping up its cybersecurity discussions with smart device makers, but the work is proceeding slowly, officials said Thursday.
TWEET OF THE DAY — Groan.
QUICK BYTES
— DHS awarded $200,000 to security firm Veramine to harden the digital defenses of financial institutions. DHS.
— WikiLeaks is out with another dump from its apparent cache of CIA hacking tools. WikiLeaks.
— Cybersecurity firm Zscaler is preparing for an initial public offering. Reuters.
— “Amid global threats — and infighting at the Capitol — Minnesota's cybersecurity operation struggles to keep up.” MinnPost.
— “Microsoft announces ‘Controlled Folder Access' to fend off crypto-ransomware.” BleepingComputer.
— The Electronic Frontier Foundation takes on the Five Eyes intelligence coalition: “What a Global Anti-Encryption Regime Could Look Like.” EFF.
That's all for today.
Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com, @ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks).
There are so many problems with ERA that it's unbelievable. I'm not going to sit here and tell you what's wrong with ERA, though, because you're probably smart. But there's a problem with ERA, and it's a problem that transcends ERA. It's a problem that trickles down through FIP, xFIP, SIERA, TIPS, etc. etc. name your favorite stat, etc., and it's something I don't see talked about much.
All of our advanced pitcher metrics are trying to predict or estimate ERA. They're trying to figure out what a pitcher's ERA should be, and herein lies the problem: Because they could be exactly right, but they'd still be a little incorrect due to one little assumption.
This assumption–that pitchers have no control over whether or not the fielders behind them make errors–seems easy to make. Like most assumptions, however, this one is subtly incorrect. Thankfully, the reason is pretty simple. Ground balls are pretty hard to field without making an error, and fly balls aren't. And the difficulty gap is pretty huge.
How big? Well in 2013 there were precisely 58,388 ground balls, 1,344 of which resulted in errors. On the other hand a mere 98 out of 39,328 fly balls resulted in errors. That means that 2.3% of ground balls result in errors while a tiny 0.25% of fly balls do. It's time to stop pretending that this gap doesn't exist, because it does.
So now that we know this, what does it mean? Well it means this: ground-ball pitchers will have an ERA that suggests they are better than their actual value, while fly-ball pitchers have the opposite effect. Pitchers who allow contact, additionally, are worse off because every time they allow contact they put pressure on their defense. They're giving themselves a chance to stockpile unearned runs which nobody will count against them if they're only looking at ERA derivatives. When it comes to winning baseball games, however, earned runs don't matter. Runs matter.
I am going to call this the “pressure on the defense” effect, which will cause some pitchers to be more prone to unearned runs than other pitchers. How big is this effect? Well, not huge. The gap between the best pitcher and worst pitcher in the league is roughly three runs over the course of the season. But keep in mind that three runs is about a third of a win, and a third of win is worth about $2 million dollars. We're not discussing mere minutiae here.
In order to better quantify this effect I have developed the xUR/180 metric, which will estimate how many unearned runs should have taken place behind each pitcher with an average defense. Below is a table of all qualified starting pitchers from 2013 ranked according this metric. I have also included how many unearned runs they actually allowed in 2013, scaled to 180 innings for comparative purposes.
# Name xUR/180 UR/180 1 Joe Saunders 7.24 9.84 2 Jeff Locke 7.11 4.33 3 Wily Peralta 6.97 17.7 4 Edwin Jackson 6.88 13.36 5 Edinson Volquez 6.81 6.35 6 Kyle Kendrick 6.77 8.9 7 Justin Masterson 6.66 0.93 8 Doug Fister 6.58 5.19 9 Wade Miley 6.57 7.12 10 Rick Porcello 6.51 2.03 11 Jerome Williams 6.47 7.45 12 Jorge de la Rosa 6.43 5.38 13 Yovani Gallardo 6.42 7.99 14 A.J. Burnett 6.35 8.48 15 Scott Feldman 6.32 8.94 16 Mike Leake 6.26 5.62 17 Andrew Cashner 6.25 8.23 18 Felix Doubront 6.22 6.66 19 Jhoulys Chacin 6.13 5.48 20 Kevin Correia 6.13 2.92 21 Jeremy Guthrie 6.13 3.41 22 Mark Buehrle 6.11 5.31 23 Andy Pettitte 6.05 7.78 24 Hyun-Jin Ryu 6.01 2.81 25 Jeff Samardzija 6.0 5.07 26 C.J. Wilson 5.93 11.03 27 CC Sabathia 5.9 8.53 28 Jon Lester 5.84 4.22 29 Ryan Dempster 5.8 10.52 30 Tim Lincecum 5.77 5.48 31 Hiroki Kuroda 5.72 4.48 32 Bud Norris 5.72 7.15 33 Jordan Zimmermann 5.69 3.38 34 Patrick Corbin 5.68 1.73 35 Dillon Gee 5.67 3.62 36 Ervin Santana 5.67 7.68 37 Kris Medlen 5.66 8.22 38 Bronson Arroyo 5.63 2.67 39 Stephen Strasburg 5.62 9.84 40 Mat Latos 5.62 6.85 41 Ubaldo Jimenez 5.61 7.9
# Name xUR/180 UR/180 42 Jarrod Parker 5.61 4.57 43 John Lackey 5.6 5.71 44 Gio Gonzalez 5.55 5.53 45 Lance Lynn 5.55 2.68 46 Eric Stults 5.5 7.09 47 Felix Hernandez 5.49 4.41 48 Zack Greinke 5.48 2.03 49 Hisashi Iwakuma 5.47 3.28 50 Jose Quintana 5.46 4.5 51 Ian Kennedy 5.46 8.95 52 Ricky Nolasco 5.45 7.23 53 R.A. Dickey 5.44 6.42 54 Jeremy Hellickson 5.4 3.1 55 Homer Bailey 5.38 3.44 56 Miguel Gonzalez 5.36 9.47 57 Madison Bumgarner 5.34 5.37 58 James Shields 5.32 1.58 59 Adam Wainwright 5.32 2.99 60 Bartolo Colon 5.32 3.79 61 Derek Holland 5.3 7.61 62 Kyle Lohse 5.26 3.63 63 Cole Hamels 5.18 4.91 64 Anibal Sanchez 5.18 3.96 65 David Price 5.18 8.7 66 Chris Sale 5.14 6.73 67 Justin Verlander 5.06 8.25 68 Chris Tillman 5.04 1.75 69 Jose Fernandez 5.03 5.23 70 Shelby Miller 4.98 6.24 71 Matt Cain 4.97 2.93 72 Clayton Kershaw 4.9 5.34 73 Julio Teheran 4.9 2.92 74 Matt Harvey 4.86 1.01 75 Cliff Lee 4.79 4.86 76 Travis Wood 4.78 3.6 77 Dan Haren 4.78 4.26 78 Yu Darvish 4.53 1.72 79 A.J. Griffin 4.46 5.4 80 Mike Minor 4.46 5.29 81 Max Scherzer 4.15 3.36 – – – –
Some notes:
Groundballs are still good, they're just not as good.
good. A combination of groundballs and contact lead to more unearned runs. The pitchers at the top of the board demonstrate this.
A combination of strikeouts and fly balls will tend to limit the impact of unearned runs, as demonstrated by the bottom of the board.
Errors that occur on fly balls tend to be more costly than errors on ground balls. This metric accounts for that gap, but the low likelihood of fly-ball errors make this bullet point's effect relatively negligible.
Line drives are similar to fly ball in terms of error rate, but they tend to be less costly than fly ball errors.
I'm sure there is more to be gleaned, but the point is this: we need to stop trying to predict ERA, because ERA is not a pure value stat. We should be trying to figure out how many runs a pitcher should/should have given up, because that's what matters. Runs matter, and who cares if they're unearned? They're kind of the pitcher's fault, anyways.
Mitt Romney's tax plan could force 95 percent of the country to pay more, while cutting taxes for the "1%" by tens of thousands of dollars, according to a new analysis from the Tax Policy Center and the Brookings Institution.
The Romney plan begins by cutting marginal rates by 20 percent and eliminating the estate tax and Alternative Minimum Tax, which would decrease federal tax revenue by $360 billion by 2015. This report considered what would happen if Romney eliminated tax expenditures to make his plan revenue-neutral, so that it wouldn't blow an enormous hole in our budget. Here's what they found: The revenue-neutral Romney plan would raise taxes on a typical family by more than $600. A household making between half-a-million and $1 million would get a tax cut equal to almost twice the disposable income of the poorest 20 percent.
Thumbnail image for romneytax3.png More
Think about this plan as two steps. The first step, Romney's intended tax cuts, dig a hole. Step two is filling that hole by cutting tax spending, like the mortgage interest deductions and child tax credit. Even with a careful pruning of tax spending, the inevitable result is to massively swing the burden of taxes toward the "bottom 95%" because the top benefits so much from Romney's step one.
There are two reasons why this analysis might understate exactly how regressive the Romney plan is. First, the researchers started by eliminating tax expenditures for the highest-income groups and worked their way down. But it's impossible to expect Congress would completely eliminate all tax expenditures above a certain level. Second, the analysis doesn't include possible cuts to government spending, which tends to benefit low- and middle-income households more than tax expenditures. If Romney leaves military spending levels near their current share of GDP, the cuts would focus even more on programs that provide services or cash to the poor, sick, and elderly. That's not me being hyperbolic: Poor, sick, and old is simply where the vast majority of non-combat government spending goes.
We can argue over methodology and details, but there are a few things that can't be debated away. First, the Romney plan and the Obama plan both use the Bush tax cuts as a canvas, but from there, they paint very different pictures. Obama begins by raising taxes at the top, and Romney begins by cutting tax rates that benefit the top. Second, there's no getting around the fact that Romney's plan would make the tax code less progressive. "It is not mathematically possible to design a revenue-neutral plan that preserves current incentives for savings and investment and that does not result in a net tax cut for high-income taxpayers and a net tax increase for lower- and/or middle-income taxpayers," the study concludes.
More From The Atlantic
Second, capacity utilization rates in nondurable goods industries, such as chemicals and paper, are at record high levels while Government estimates of surplus capacity in the durable goods sector are probably overstated because of factory closings and lower manufacturing investment during the early 1980's.
The sharp appreciation of the dollar exchange rate during Donald Regan's stewardship as Treasury Secretary severely damaged the competitive position of American industry and caused the growth rate of the country's manufacturing capital stock to turn negative for the first time since World War II. It is true that total investment rose, but a large share of the spending was for tax shelter-driven construction of office buildings, shopping centers and hotels that add little to productivity.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If the economy is too close to full resource utilization, further rapid contraction of the trade deficit could start a resurgence of inflation unless there is sufficient slack in domestic spending to offset it. The risk of resurgent inflation is apparent from examining the supply-side components of economic growth.
Once an economy achieves full resource utilization rate, its potential noninflationary growth rate is equal to labor force expansion plus productivity gains. By that formula, the economy's potential noninflationary growth rate appears to be 2.5 percent. If one assumes that the trade balance must improve at a rate equal to 1.0 percent of G.N.P. during each of the next four years to produce a trade surplus for servicing the country's large external debt by 1992, domestic spending will be able to expand at only 1.5 percent annual rate or zero in per-capita terms.
Between 1983 and 1986, by contrast, real domestic spending growth had a 5 percent annual rate in aggregate terms or just under 3 percent per year in per-capita terms. Since a larger share of the economy's output also will have to be allocated to reversing the erosion in the manufacturing capital stock that occurred during the first Reagan Administration, consumption itself will probably have to decline in per-capita terms.
As a result, the final challenge in adjusting to the dollar devaluation will be finding the policy mix to restrain domestic spending and inflation while encouraging the resource shift needed for an export- and investment-led expansion. Should nongovernmental spending be restrained by a tighter monetary policy and rising interest rates? Should there be spending cuts and tax increases to reduce the Federal deficit?
In the first half of the decade, the Federal deficit was not a barrier to growth because the United States was able to fund a large imbalance between domestic savings and investment through external borrowing and expansion of the trade deficit. But if the trade deficit is now to shrink significantly, the imbalance between savings and investment must also be reduced through a new policy mix.
THE major danger is that fiscal policy will remain gridlocked and force domestic savings and investment to re-equilibriate solely through rising interest rates. That could cut short the recovery in manufacturing investment, keep productivity growth depressed and condemn the real incomes of the American people to an extended period of stagnation because of the adverse effects of the Federal budget deficit on the supply-side determinants of economic growth.
Everyone remembers Malcolm Butler's interception to win the Super Bowl this past year, but I'll never forget the play right before it.
Jermaine Kearse had just made that circus catch, putting the Seahawks at the five-yard line with 1st-and-goal. We know Marshawn is going to run the ball, so we throw in a bigger package. I get on the field, and I know what's coming. Everyone knows what's coming. The fans are going crazy. You see people setting up ropes around the field so that nobody can jump out from the stands when the game ends. It's coming down to the last couple of plays.
I'm lined up, the ball gets snapped to Marshawn, and he comes right my way. There's a gap right there, and he's running through it. Hightower hits him, and Marshawn starts to stumble right towards the end zone. I shed my block and dive over to him — right as he's trying to stretch the ball over the goal line. There's a collision. The dust settles. And I'm laying there staring at the ball. Stopped at the one-yard line.
The rest is history.
At the beginning of last season, never in a million years would I have imagined myself making a goal-line stop in the Super Bowl. But that's just the nature of this game — your number can be called at any time. It's on you to be ready.
I got drafted by the Tennessee Titans back in 2011, and my first couple of seasons with them were pretty good years. At the end of my second season, though, I developed this tendonitis injury. It started in my right knee. The offseason came around, and I had some trainers look at it. They said there was nothing wrong. But by the time training camp rolled around, my knee was just getting worse and worse.
All of a sudden, I start to get the same pain in my left knee. I had been overcompensating and putting too much pressure on my left knee, so it ended up getting the same injury. I got some MRIs, but they kept telling me nothing was wrong — just to keep icing. So I stayed out there. Didn't miss a practice. Didn't miss a day of training camp. And didn't miss a game the whole season.
The thing with pain that strong is that it's all you can concentrate on. It's all you can think about. They say pain is just mental, but football at this level requires a clear and active mind at all times. With this injury, my mental state was nowhere near where it could have been. Going into the game every week, I'd have agonizing pain in both of my knees. My productivity went way down, and I had about half the tackles and sacks I had the year before.
I found out right after the season ended that I had tears in both of my patellar tendons.
I got surgery on both of my knees: one in January and one in February. The doctor told me that I couldn't do any physical activity with my legs for seven months. This would be the second offseason in a row where I wouldn't be able to really get into the shape I wanted – and I was entering the last year of my contract. To make things more complicated, the team hired a new coach whom I would have to impress to earn my spot.
We go into OTAs, and he announces that he's completely revamping the defense, from a 4-3 to a 3-4. I'm still sidelined trying to recover. Training camp was the first time I was able to even run.
I was only getting second string reps during practices, but over time I was starting to look good. But when the season finally rolled around, the team placed me on the inactive list. It was a pretty big blow because I knew I was good enough to be dominant on this team. They put me on the scout team, and even my teammates were shocked. This was 2014, my fourth year in the league and the last year of contract. That contract year is what every athlete eyes because it's so important for your future, and I wasn't even going to get a snap in a real game.
But being on scout team ended up being a blessing in disguise. I'm normally a linebacker, but they had me playing defensive end, pass rushing. I was going against the first-team offense, so in the back of my head, I'm like, This is perfect. When I get on a new team, whenever it is, I'm going to be ready.
When Week 8 rolled around, I got the call I'd been waiting for from the GM. I was traded to the New England Patriots. And you know what, I don't think I've ever been happier in my life. I loved my time in Tennessee, but I wanted to play. I wanted to prove myself.
Right after I got the call, I packed my bags and I was on a flight to New England the next morning. Off the plane, straight to the facilities, meeting the coaches, straight into the playbook. I'm telling you, getting traded is a whirlwind, especially midseason. I got there on a Tuesday, and we had a game against the Bears on Sunday. Every day, nose in the playbook from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m.
I figured I would be playing linebacker because Jerod Mayo had just gotten injured. Chandler Jones was also injured, though, so they wanted me at defensive end. Like I said, those weeks on practice squad were a blessing in disguise.
To get traded to New England was just unbelievable. I had heard about the culture of the team — the intense preparation and complete focus — but I didn't really understand what that meant until the first week I was there. New England prepares with the expectation of winning. You go there as a player and you know the tradition they have, the players they have and the mindset they have. Anything other than winning is simply not an option. And I can see how they've maintained such success over a long period of time. When I arrived, I just had to follow everyone's lead. The organization runs like a well-oiled machine.
I go out there that first Sunday against the Bears, and I'm so ready to play. I was angry and ready to prove a point. They told me I was going to be playing special teams and maybe I'd get a few snaps at DE. In the second quarter, they told me to go out on defense. On one of my first snaps, I got a sack, and it was like a spell was broken. All of the sudden all that confidence that had been drained from me came back.
The next week, we were playing the Broncos at home. The whole game, I was making good plays, making tackles. But oh, man, all I wanted was to sack Peyton Manning. What defensive player doesn't dream of that? Second quarter, just before the two-minute warning, the Broncos are at our 34-yard line with a 4th-and-6. They go for it. Manning drops back, and I break through the line and take him down.
I was happy about that one.
After the game, Mr. Kraft greets everyone as they walk into the locker room. He comes up to me and says, “Akeem, you're our good luck charm.” That was a pretty cool thing to hear from one of the top guys in the NFL.
Next week, we're playing the Colts, and I play well. Then the Lions, and I get another sack. Now I'm rolling — the whole team is rolling, and I'm feeling great. I basically came from a team that told me I wasn't good enough, and now I'm on one of the best teams in the league, starting, making plays and making an impact. I came to New England in a stretch where they were being doubted, and I was in the same place. We were out to prove ourselves.
When a team is in playoff mode, everyone is just so focused on doing their job. This was my first time playing on a seasoned playoff team, and you could sense the difference. Everyone is completely selfless, giving all they've got and doing everything they can to help the team get to the Super Bowl. That's the only acceptable result. And that's why the Patriots keep making it there.
Being in the Super Bowl was just something else. Those whole two weeks before, it doesn't really hit you. You're just practicing and preparing like normal. There's a quiet confidence. Just how Tom Brady prepares, how the defense prepares, how the offense prepares. They were just so calm and composed.
It didn't really hit me that I was about to play in the Super Bowl until we left the hotel to go to the game. As you get closer and closer, you start seeing traffic, and as you pull to the stadium, you see fans everywhere and you see the Super Bowl XLIX logo everywhere. You walk off the bus into the locker room and you see your jersey with the Super Bowl logo all over it and your Super Bowl name plate. It's one of those things you dream about, but just seeing that jersey with my name on it and the Super Bowl logo was a lot to process.
When I went on the field for the first time, I realized why there's no game like this in the world. I've never seen so many cameras in my life. I'm getting goosebumps just thinking about it right now. It's an atmosphere where you can feel the world watching you. We go out on to the field, they introduce the Pats players, and the Pats fans go crazy. Then they introduce the Seahawks players, and their fans go crazy. A small battle before the game even begins.
After kickoff and that first popping of pads, we all got dialed in. We were just playing football now. We were going out there and making our plays. Everyone remembers the end of the game: Lynch got stopped on the one, Malcolm made the interception, Pats win the Super Bowl. Looking back, it all feels like a whirlwind — the celebration, the parade, and then it's the offseason and you starting looking towards the next year.
I had a lot of confidence after winning the Super Bowl, and I was excited to enter free agency in the fortunate position of being able to choose where I thought I could reach my full potential. My linebacker coach from when I was with the Titans, Frank Bush, took a job with the Rams, and that was enough to sell me. He really helped me become a productive player, and I wanted to get back with him. St. Louis already had a stellar defense, and after meeting with the coaches, I felt like I could help make it even better.
I've had my first healthy offseason in two years, and I could not be more excited for the season to begin. I feel like I can finally be the player I know I can be: one of the top defensive players in the league. I'm ready to prove myself.
